* cringes at the word ` homesexuality ' * apparently some people are really into their homes , good to know, 
  to be honest , it would make more sense if we do this when there are some natural disasters or a zombie apocalypse - have n't seen any so far - even though i understand where this is coming from . 
  however , i do n't think that the situation is * that * bad . 
  at least compared to other times . 
  you forgot to mention agnosticism . 
  heh , sounds good ^ ^ what about hungary and germany ? 
  my mother - who 's romanian - said they were not that nice either some centuries ago ... 
  here romania . 
  now go on a vengeful trip to destroy all the countries that invaded you at least once . 
  have fun ~ america, 
  that 's true , at least half of the world once belonged to the british empire . 
  we `` only '' invaded a majority of europe and parts of africa if i remember correctly . 
  i think it 's also the other way around ... ironically in the few jokes i 've heard about the scandinavian , swedes were depicted as dumbasses while the norwegians were drunks along with the dudes from finland . 
  i 'm quite sure if she was examined by a doctor in the first place , you 'll see evidence on her body in one way or another . 
  besides , if you 're brutally raped you 'll most likely feel the pain even many hours after the crime happened . 
  difficult question ... usually people wonder about our diversity . 
  i ca n't entirely tell if it 's accurate , but usually i 'd say that franconia is culturally closer to thuringa and hesse , at least the dialect is similar , while bavaria is closer to austria . 
  we are , however , closer to bavaria and the rest of southern germany than to northern germany and what used to be prussia . 
  considering that people from northern germany usually do n't notice the difference between franconia and bavaria however , i conclude our diversity is either not that great or not that visible . 
  hope i was of help . 
  only during summer and only your beaches , not your countries ^ ^ huehuehue ... 
  well , then you must wake up earlier * grins *, 
  c'mon that 's what the british do as well d :, 
  the river landscape is beautiful in some parts of germany , for an example in saxony . 
  i wanted to take pictures , but sadly my photo camera was n't in my pockets ... oh well , yeah , and also you should see bamberg , i went there once , will never forget it . 
  such a beautiful city ... 
  do n't say that , otherwise romania is no longer the so-called ` vampire land ' and it sucks if the romanians are now ` only ' poor as a stereotype . 
  got ta admit though that transylvania is quite a nice region ... 
  germany ... you know what stereotypes i mean , right ? 
  the one about still wanting to invade other countries and being nazi and stuff , but it 's self-explanatory . 
  the other one is about being hard-working and efficient , hell , i consider myself as quite naive and i hate work , but receiving hartz iv is kinda degrading . 
  besides , there are more hard-working countries than germany . 
  last one is really no joke !, 
  not franconia ... unless you mean the whole state of bavaria . 
  heh , i get what you 're saying , i 've seen many people here complaining about the northern germans because they are too direct or something and they are complaining that we are too stiff and/or similar things . 
  but what exactly is southern and northern germany ? 
  should we use the map created by aldi - yes , indeed they are dividing us like that , sounds like a weird master plan for me - or something else ? 
  ironically we had a certain individual called franz josef strau\u00df who would n't have minded , if certain countries you 've mentioned had been some kind of huge ` alpine republic ' - i 'm not 100 % sure if that 's the correct word . 
  sounds kinda scary tbh ... 
  that moment when your bff decides to betray you . 
  first italy , now france :( who 's next , japan maybe ? 
  i wonder if people are going to make even more jokes about germans after this ... 
  though i have to admit , i laughed my a ** off when i 've heard about it * grins *, 
  to be fair most of the points are probably the same in other scandinavian countries and iceland + finland . 
  here in germany it 's almost the same , besides the thing with cash , first names and there are some occasions where it 's more appropriate to wear something formal . 
  at least where i live , after all there are regional differences , people from northern germany tend to be usually more direct , for an example - should n't stereotypize them though ... 
  the most popular one ... ? 
  oh well , i guess you can be correct . 
  my cousin really loves those games and he knows more about trains and our infrastructure than most adults do ... it 's a shame he wo n't work as something which involves and needs this kind of knowledge . 
  ah , thanks for telling me . 
  i 'll remember to not make stupid mistakes like those again , but i ca n't always be too sure ... 
  no fortunately not , but i 'm always quite nervous , especially when it 's winter ... 
  he had the skills to drive a bus ? 
  respect , my child , i still feel strange whenever i have to enter my car ... even though i 'm a more or less decent driver * sweatdrops * one question though : who teached him how to drive and why were the passengers so calm about this ? 
  i have the feeling this world slowly turns into a video game where ten-years-old will become self-reliant . 
  personally i blame pok\u00e9mon ( go ) for this ... 
  ... why germany , why ? 
  - oh yeah , i know why , but still ... well , at least it 's not as if switzerland , denmark or netherlands would try to invade us due to their small size and other factors , so everything 's good , i guess ... ? 
  not sure how high their gdp is , though ... but i 'll be totally ignorant for now and say not that much higher than ours ... right ? 
  we 're better than austria and switzerland ... ? 
  hell yeah , we once beat them at anything besides size and population ^ ^ ( unless the guy who made this is corrupt ... ), 
  germany : to keep it short : a lot of people were attacked - not only in munich , but also in other parts of southern germany . 
  oh yeah and i graduated , but that 's more personally i guess ... 
  i call it separatism , because of the franconians need to prove their identity , not because it 's a real issue here - yet . 
  i might have chosen the wrong word to describe their relationship , but you can say that the bavarians and the franconians are mentally separated from each other , even the former mentioned agree with that statement . 
  may or may not be possible . 
  but you know how the old saying goes * it 's better to be safe than sorry * so i hope the security personal is as efficient as it gets , because i kinda do value safety a lot - even though i have the feeling there wo n't be any shootings from the very same persons for the time being . 
  well , i guess you 're right . 
  however , it still kinda does n't help - even though i do n't know how high the percentage of possible mass murderers is - because it only takes one person not thinking normal to cause a real tragedy . 
  i consider myself lucky , because i 'm not living in a big city , so there 's a smaller chance of becoming a victim of terrorism/rampages than if i would live in one , however it 's a chance nonetheless ... sorry , it 's just my paranoia speaking : /, 
  franconian separatism and issues with bavarians aside , i hope the people in munich are as alright as it gets and that everything will calm down and that the city restores its safety . 
  what worries me the most is that it seems so easy to kill a bunch of people without even being an expert in stuff like that . 
  it feels as if our police and security is utterly hopeless and failing regarding such cases giving me an uneasy feeling due to incidents like in munich or nice . 
  if i wanted to i could have stabbed a few people back then in public with most people being too afraid to do something for a few minutes which might lead to the victims ' death , it could be rather easy unfortunately . 
  let 's face it , police can take care of a situation before it gets out of hand , but it seems rather difficult to prevent crimes that can be committed without much thinking or planning - though the criminals of munich might 've planned it more properly , not that much is known about them . 
  not to mention the suspects could n't be found till now . 
  yeah , it 's still not the best time to become cynical though - that 's what we should become after the discovery of a zombie virus - considering there was crazier stuff before that , but it is still rather shocking , almost surreal . 
  and unfortunately it could quite possibly happen in europe and other ` safe ' countries again . 
  maybe it is happening right now ... 
  now i pretend i did n't hear that :o, 
  now i pretend i did n't hear that :o, 
  i just hope that our migrants wo n't be too much of a problem there in austria . 
  i 've heard that some dislike germans for being rude/too straightforward - which is why i keep quiet in public most of the time . 
  i truly apologise if there are some who are , even if i probably do n't know them . 
  that 's true , how could i forget :d, 
  huh ... for me there 's nothing wrong with this map , hehe  but why is greece now owned by china and what 's up with ireland and taiwan ? 
  can somebody explain this , please ? 
  does this mean we get to own you or do we have to change the name of our region ? 
  shhh ... too soon . 
  we still need to know how to replace all the inferior kinds of beer with our awesome ones and how to become a ` bundesland ' . 
  franconia ca n't into bundesland :( ... yet btw , should we change our official german name a little bit ? 
  some morons made fun of ` franken ' by saying it is owned by swiss ... unacceptable !, 
  woohoo , we are important again :d, 
  argh , forgot that , my bad !, 
  but you should n't have told him how much he lacks talent . 
  this way we could 've at least spared many people and austria 's name would have been only ruined by fritzl . 
  i feel bad for hungary , czechia and slovakia ... 
  but what do you say about culture thieves ? 
  do you even know that we tried our hardest to not be austrians - especially after the fall of hre and the rise of the prussians/sauprei \u00dfn ? 
  if anything the bavarians - your brothers - are stealing your culture , they even want to go back to you .
