  surnames tend to be extremely resistant to linguistic change , and will keep artifacts of earlier spelling/pronunciation systems . 
  there are some french names which have retained middle french spelling but adapted the pronunciation in one family/region , while elsewhere they also kept the original - such as `` vowel + s + l '' where the s is n't pronounced anymore , and became a circumflex accent in modern fr spelling . 
  there 's still plenty of surnames ( and placenames ) that have that feature , but the pronunciation rules vary . 
  likewise as / u/jolerigolo said , you 'll find some surnames ending in `` consonant + er '' , which could be either french ( pronounced '' \u00e9 '' ) or german , so it 's easy to `` mispronounce '' it . 
  in all fairness , the amount of americans coming here posting very dumb , or just very ... american questions is quite substantial . 
  less sexy than mutti , tho, 
  re : pussy , are they used all over the country ? 
  never heard them , though admittedly my italians are of the southern or insular variety . 
  what 's the etymology of aguardiente ? 
  cause that sound awfully similar to sardinan `` abbardente '' , meaning fiery ( drink ), 
  old school homebrewing is somewhat of a thing in the northern parts of france , which have maintained a brewing tradition ( north , north-east , normandy ) . 
  making * cider * is however much more common , especially in the apple-producing regions of brittany and normandy . 
  moonshine is pretty common too among older generation rural folks , but nowhere as common as in the balkans for instance . 
  the result ( eau-de-vie , aquavit for you nordics ) is usually drank pure at the end of a meal , to show off your masculinity and/or vomit the 3 kilos of food you just ingested . 
  holy crap maronsuis , those are the best thing ever and i ca n't find them anywhere else . 
  my childhood ( and , let 's be honest , teenage years ) right here . 
   i for one sincerely hope that wilders and le pen will win this year i can assure you that `` european values '' , to which so many of my turkish friends also subscribe , are not gon na be upheld le pen . 
  tolerance , cooperation , peace and open-mindedness are , to me , very much at the core of european values . 
  those are all put in danger by le pen 's program , which does n't stop at `` less immigrants '' . 
   napouin '' : there is/are none would that be derived from `` il n ' y a point '' ? 
  in my experience , it very much depends on how you look . 
  i 've been offered various ( illegal ) drugs in amsterdam many , many times but my very innocent-looking girlfriend or my nerdy friends never had that `` pleasure '' . 
  irish does n't have a single verb for it either , they instead say `` it is good with me '' . 
  in ireland , it can sometimes be found in specialty liquor stores , so you might also have some over in england . 
  also , some of the welsh stuff can be pretty solid too . 
  aye , that was a jab at op 's ( mother 's ) phrasing , and a way to show them that the closest thing western european countries have to `` government-controlled media '' does report on what `` they 're hiding from us '' . 
  you could argue that as long as there 's direct funding coming from the government , or on which the government has power , there 's a form of control - but that 's a different debate . 
   now my mom reads a lot of `` alternative '' media , so basically not `` government controlled tv news '' here 's some mainstream coverage of the protests currently ongoing , that might help your mother review her position . 
  [ literally government-controlled media ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/faits-divers/arrestation-violente-a-aulnay-sous-bois/ ) , france ; [ literally government-controlled media ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39066918 ) , uk ; [ mainstream media ] ( http://www.zeit.de/video/2017-02/5334086610001/frankreich-schuelerproteste-gegen-polizeigewalt-in-paris ) , germany . 
  other posters have replied already - protests are happening in defined places and at defined times and you wo n't find the city burning , especially not in lyon . 
  as an aside , people who spout crap like `` mainstream media is ignoring $ thing '' should check news sites more , and their facebook feed less . 
   the noted food critic curnonsky referred to the city as `` the gastronomic capital of the world '' frenchman here , went to lyon for the first time two years ago . 
  i had never realized how much of what 's perceived as typical ( and high-end ) french cuisine is actually from lyon . 
   no nation in the isles is now ethnically purely germanic or celtic and so is n't english a purely germanic language . 
  when linguists use those terms , they speak about a classification - and as such , english is still a germanic language due to its origins . 
  hiberno-english , even though it 's been influenced by irish , is still a dialect of a germanic language . 
   tbh i would try and stay clear of france with le pen and all no offence : / well i 'd rather stay clear of cork myself . 
  and i do n't think the republic has politics lessons to give to anyone really . 
  so because it 's good in st brieuc , it 's good everywhere ? 
  france : mostly yes , sometimes after filtering ( brita ) because it tastes bad in some cities ; malta : always filtered . 
  ireland : mostly ok to drink unfiltered in dublin . 
  netherlands : yes . 
  berlin 's unterwelt tour was pretty fucking cool , thanks in no small part to their amazing guides . 
  same story for maastricht - different vibe , but nice nonetheless . 
  paris ' catacombs are reputed to be awesome for various reasons , - never done it myself but it 's an incredibly mix of medieval history and modern subculture . 
   italian bread is mostly just boring plain white bread in my experience ever been to sardinia ? 
  why on earth would you ? 
  donegal irish has to take the cake though . 
   south-eastern  toulouse say what, 
  no they do n't . 
  huitante is used in some dialects of swiss french , octante is just not a thing . 
  honestly the keyboards are just plain unoptimized , and it 's even worse on android . 
  also , dialect issues are a real problem . 
  ah , my bad !, 
  and yeah , i used to live on the northside , i know the city pretty well by now ( and i 'm glad you listed king 's inn , often overlooked ) . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  even some lesser known churches are pretty gorgeous ( like that one behind abbey st and the former prod church up near bolton ) . 
  i have no shortage of love for dublin , but the spire ? 
   one of dublin 's finest buildings hahahahaha . 
  but yeah that 's what nelson evokes for me . 
  what 's up with the new accounts posting ethnic-leaning crap like this on this sub recently ? 
  i 'm from ne france , and i feel that the langue d'o\u00efl region of the map you linked is actually somewhat ok . 
  i was ready to tear through it but , having been through a fair share of it , there 's a common set of values that align with the general identity of `` northern france '' . 
  that said , some comments about the source map : - creating meaningful regions that also have equal population is a doomed endeavor . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  - islands will , most likely , have their own identity . 
  ask the maltese , the sardinian or the corsisan if they feel anything but that - perhaps some maltese will feel british or italian , but the majority of insulars will have a much stronger connection to their island than anything else . 
  ireland is a different story but the pan-celtic culture is largely an invention of the romantic nationalists of the 18-19th century . 
  well , `` geheugen '' is pretty far from `` memory '' . 
  yet they mean the same thing , in the same way `` ordinateur '' and `` computer '' have similar original meanings . 
  i mean , no one balks at using `` toestenborden '' or `` muizen '' , so why would more obscure computer terminology necessarily be left in english ? 
  the situation is somewhat similar in french , which has many en borrowings in the field of technology ( but less than nl overall ) . 
  there is , however , an effort from the government and the regulating body of the french language to provide alternatives , which tend to be used within government agencies and seep into the real world via academia . 
  in this instance , while i ( and most of my friends ) would use `` core '' and `` thread '' , fr tech universities in formal settings will use `` coeur '' and ... 
  i 'm not even sure what 's the term for thread anymore . 
  `` fil '' , probably . 
  so do you object to translating `` cores '' in general , or would you prefer another translation ? 
  not mad about naming it after a currently-reigning dynasty of kings . 
  i would sure love to behold what the colonists of la nouvelle-or\u00e9lans have put together for the carnival , in the province of good king louis !, 
  this comment , and the policy that it seems to underline , will hopefully subdue the atlantist currents in french politics , and reduce alignment with the us on the european level . 
   being belgian is clearly more popular than being french , especially in some countries . 
  except in flanders . 
  true , i had forgotten about that . 
  amusingly enough , it seems to have been first used to describe the entire island ( brittonic word ) , then borrowed in a variety of other celtic languages to describe britain , then re-borrowed into english . 
   albion for great britain i 'm pretty sure the scots would n't be happy . 
  french : native english : pretty fluent spanish , one of the 2 options at school ( with german ) : rudimentary , enough to get by if i cared to brush it up i suppose italian , language of my gf : conversational , advanced grammar is still a mystery as i only use it in informal contexts dutch , language of the country i live in : passively learned some basics and built up vocab over time irish , from university : pretty shit by now , used to be a1 certified from the teg . 
  better america , weirder french . 
  i could never live in the us , but from what i 've seen of it , i 'd do ok over there - it 's still on my list of potential next countries . 
  how about more than 5 days a year , and more than 3 hours at a time ? 
  see that 's something that i hear often but have never experienced - i suppose it 's because my few interactions in dutch are mostly limited to very basic stuff with service workers . 
  i 've actually had quite a few times dutch people who kept speaking dutch to me after i addressed them or replied in english - they 're fully within their rights of course , but it goes against everything i read online ( and can get mildly frustrating when i know they have a very decent level of english ) . 
  on the other hand , i 'm also met with the blank stare of utmost incomprehension when i try to utter dutch words and , for instance , botch the vowel length . 
  this . 
  accents tend to be looked down upon , with the exception of the southern ones which are considered cute or melodious . 
  because of that , a few tv or radio hosts keep their accent , but most use standard french . 
  which accent does wilders have ? 
  are n't they banned in france ? 
  i do n't recall seeing anything ever related to them . 
  or acquire a boat . 
  my hometown is pretty old but there 's barely anything left standing that 's over 200 years old .
