  yeah , i have an awesome airport and solid rail connections , so i travel outside of the country every month or so . 
  another factor that makes it easy is that , once you start studying/working/living abroad , you tend to make friends who can later host you or show you around in whatever country they move to , which makes it even easier to plan a city trip over the weekend . 
   the usa is more diverse than any indvidiual european country and you base this assumption on what , exactly ? 
  the size ? 
  your own experience of visiting europe ? 
  i 'm sorry for the heat you 're getting , but europeans tend to dislike american exceptionalism , especially when it 's based on something so spurious . 
  i understand that many americans ( and europeans for that matter ) often liken the individual states in the us to countries in europe . 
  and for some topics , the comparison does make sense . 
  but when you get to know european history in more detail , you see that the preconceived notions about the `` old world '' are something just wrong . 
  for instance , `` italy '' as a country celebrated its 150th anniversary a few years ago . 
  speak to any italian and it 's abundantly clear that their region matters as much , if not more to them than their shared italian nationality - like some texans will say they 're texans first and americans second . 
  the north-west of italy had strong links with the northern countries , while sicily was turned towards the mediterranean . 
  at one point of history , the north was controlled by a germanic people , while sicily was under arab rule . 
  likewise , germany was n't really a thing until recently , and the hanseatic cities are pretty different from the rural south like bavaria . 
  so , yeah , anchorage and new orleans are pretty different places . 
  but the larger european countries have pretty diverse cultures too . 
  and coming to / r/askeurope to say what amounts to `` america number 1 ! '', 
  wo n't be well received . 
  in france , they are both associated with rural , lower/middle class folks and a conservative mindset . 
  and a strong idea of masculinity . 
  there 's a minor political party literally called `` fishing , hunting , nature and traditions '' that embodies this stereotype pretty well , and their concern for nature is mostly tied to preserving their way of enjoying it , instead of actual sustainability . 
  on other issues , they are akin to the far-right minus the race concerns . 
  on a more personal level , i also associate hunting with `` old oafs getting drunk in their cabin '' , as said cabin was right next to my house . 
  that said , i do n't mind them really : it 's just what old countryside guys do in their spare time . 
  the only impact it had on me was restricting my walks in the forest during the season . 
  well , if you do elect trump , i suppose political asylum rules will start applying - especially for muslim americans who 'll be turned away when flying back home . 
   language ; the second most widely spoken language in poland is english and this is especially true amongst young poles who would be the most likely to emigrate this , very much . 
  it also explains why there 's a large polish community in ireland , but much less so in other eu countries ( although there was a large wave of polish immigration a century ago in france , for instance ) . 
  and the capital of the [ welsh socialist republic ] ( http://www.jasperfforde.com/sovietreppage2.html ) !, 
  i 'd suggest [ another german composition about europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka5x91uuv1o ) . 
  [ by plane ] ( http://www.skyscanner.nl/transport/flights/rome/berl/151217/airfares-from-rome-to-berlin-in-december-2015.html?adults=1&amp;children=0&amp;infants=0&amp;cabinclass=economy&amp;rtn=0&amp;preferdirects=false&amp;outboundaltsenabled=false&amp;inboundaltsenabled=false ) , without a shadow of doubt . 
  ( do take into account that some airports are out of the city , especially those served by ryanair , and that you 'll need some extra money and time to get there ) . 
  the only real lingua franca in europe is english . 
  next to that , the languages that will get you furthest are likely to be french ( fr , be , lux , ch ) and german ( de , at , ch ) . 
  if you are black , do not attempt to resist when armed police tries to label you with a marker or ( more rarely ) a red-hot branding iron . 
  trains going into germany and poland have historically presented some issues for foreigners , so be careful there too , especially if the terminal station seems to be in a remote countryside `` camp '' . 
  take a solid pair of leather gloves with you , along with some rope , in case you 'll be forced to climb over a fence or trumpwall . 
  that 's all i can think about right now , but i 'm sure more will chime in to help !, 
  out of curiosity , how long ago was that ? 
  or , rather , how old was the teacher ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , gasoil/gazole are only ever used for appliances such as heaters , e.g. 
  i could imagine it used willingly to give an old-timey and/or derogatory undertone when describing a car , but that 's about it . 
   the usual name for diesel is `` gasoil '' or ( the same word frenchified ) `` gazole '' . 
  fransman here , this is incorrect . 
  the most common name for diesel is diesel , at least when cars are concerned . 
  he mentioned `` in the cities '' , where you 'd definitely get in trouble for setting up a tent in the city parks . 
   the netherlands are big about peanut butter , i know that much . 
  they are , but it 's mostly the peanut sauce ( sat\u00e9 ) which is slightly different in texture and taste , and mostly used in savoury dishes . 
  think of it this way : if a guy coming from a region where the main language is neither french nor english , which of the two is he more likely to know at least a bit ? 
  on top of the good suggestions here , you might consider / r/ireland and / r/malta . 
  ireland hosts the eu bases of hundreds of us companies , often for tax reasons - a lot of creative accounting to be done . 
  education might be trickier if your wife does n't have an extremely solid experience and/or another language , but it should n't be impossible . 
  malta is a tiny place with a much better weather than the rest of europe . 
  it has very lax laws regarding betting , corruption and that sort of things , which spawned a very healthy finance/betting sector . 
  you know , all eu countries have banks and a slew of public and private financial institutions . 
  well ... 
  i wonder whether scots mostly identify as scottish or as british , for starters . 
  but mostly , i phrased it poorly and i rather meant that , to outsiders , `` quintessentially british things '' are mostly * english * things . 
  on the other hand , typical products/traditions of scotland , such as scotch whisky , will be viewed first and foremost as scottish , not british . 
  if you 'll allow a gauche comparison , calling scotch whisky `` british '' is akin to labelling ferrari cars as `` european '' . 
  sure , it 's technically true , but they 're first and foremost seen as * italian * cars . 
  it 's gon na sound odd , but ... 
  lemon curd . 
  a jar of the good kind might do the trick . 
  it is sold in france , but only in upscale boutiques for like 6 $ a pop . 
  it 's super british and it 's actually good , especially with french baked stuff like cr\u00eapes , brioche or waffles . 
  shortbread or peanut butter-based stuff could also be an option if you want to go for food . 
  or even some scotch , if you 're liberal with your definition of british . 
  otherwise , `` designer '' items from london and/or bearing the union jack are still a hit , though trickier to get right . 
  protip : shops like tiger are still not super common in france . 
  some kitsch monarchy paraphernalia might also work - i personally abhor it but some people are very fond of it . 
  frenchman here - if op is ready to withstand the onslaught of scorn , i 'd actually try bringing a very good farmhouse red cheddar . 
  it 's one of the two decent sorts of cheese that you can find in the uk , and it might be fun to get french people to admit liking brit cheese . 
  for starters , you 'd be better off asking in / r/france . 
  that said , and grossly simplifying : - lyon is very nice , big enough , and with a strong cultural life . 
  depends how much you want sea access . 
  also , amazing food culture . 
  - marseille , and the southeast in general , is a place i 'm very prejudiced against . 
  the area surrounding it is the french florida , where all the rich go to die and be racist . 
  marseille itself has some pretty sights , but crime is very much real in some areas , and it 's not the cleanest of places . 
  - never been to montpellier , but it 's pretty lively if , indeed , a bit small . 
  students love it , and ubisoft has offices there - ca n't be a bad place . 
  - toulouse , where i lived for a bit , is also amazing . 
  it 's big , has many students but also a thriving local economy ( the airbus hq is there , among many others ) . 
  it 's close enough to the sea , and offers a distinctive southern culture while keeping all the perks of france . 
  here 's a couple of other towns you might want to consider : - bordeaux : it 's the obvious missing option in your list , since it also boasts southern climate , and offers a very french atmosphere . 
  bit of a posher climate though . 
  - nantes and rennes : both cities are up north , but still offer better-than-kent weather . 
  they were both part of brittany ( rennes is now the administrative capital of brittany , while nantes has been allocated to another region ) , and retain a fairly strong cultural identity . 
  they have a bright cultural life , amazing architecture , superb food and decent economic prospects . 
  it 's pretty hard to give more detailed info without knowing your situation or your interests , though . 
  another thing : do you both speak french ? 
  if not , you might want to re-consider paris . 
  pretty solid answer . 
  i would n't be so sure about train access to the smaller towns though , especially in france and italy . 
  the countryside is amazing but public transport can be abysmal in some remote parts . 
  that 's weird , since eurolines and other coach services usually accept large luggage . 
  but yeah , train  *, 
  interesting , what media do you hear that in ? 
  i read le monde more or less daily and they stopped using it , and i just checked a canal + jt and they also used \u00c9tat islamique .
