i vaguely recall polls being run in the north , and the majority of people were totally ok with getting wallonia . 
   the fact that leaves me most saddened when thinking about it , is that for many people from outside sardinia ( thankfully much less so in sardinia ) it 's just considered a subaltern dialect of italian , and it wo n't be remembered much when speaking of romance languages . 
  at least , that 's my perception . 
  it 's actually brought up often enough in places like / r/linguistics or even language-oriented discussions in here , and anyone who knows what they 're talking about knows it 's a full fledged language , distinct from italian . 
  mind if i ask where you 're from ( assuming it 's not oliena given your / u / ) ? 
  i have a few friends in their 20/30s who speak good to fluent sardinian , come from the coast but they are mostly from more `` remote '' places like ogliastra or the goatlands between olbia and sassari :p, 
  it 's among the most common l2s ever , so it 's bound to be a relatively common occurence , while more surprising than english , 
  i studied it for 3 years at uni , before going to dublin on erasmus . 
  the faces on some lads were priceless :d, 
  see , the thing is that many people really , really do n't . 
  some people are confident learners that want as much feedback as possible , others have a confidence issue that will make them feel terrible if you give too much feedback . 
  uh , i was convinced its title was actually `` dans le port d'amsterdam '' . 
  amusing coincidence indeed . 
  what 's the other ? 
  that never prevented them from trying though - i was amazed and a bit baffled when i discovered the trove of dutch translation of pop songs from the 60s-80s . 
  although i must say that i do have a soft spot for `` oh waterlooplein '' , 
  passing off whole foods as a generic supermarket is pretty disingenuous , i 'd say . 
  if i must , italy . 
  most of it is sub-par , but some regions ( read : sardinia ) have a few pleasant variations . 
  i get what you 're saying , and i suppose it 's the difference between favouring convenience or service . 
  that said , i still think that the service i can get in various specialty booze stores is on par or better than what i experienced the few times i went to sb , and i also do n't care for extraordinary service when i 'm just going to get a 6-pack of ipa for dinner . 
  conversely , i immensely enjoy the ability to choose from a very decent selection of beer at any supermarket on my daily commute without having to make a detour , or to take a quick trip to the store if my dinner guests turn out thirstier than i planned . 
  care to explain why ? 
  the only upside i can think of is the coherent ( if still stupidly high ) prices , and the availability of a pretty wide range across the country if you 're willing to plan ahead . 
  night shops do n't sell booze anymore ? 
  seriously fuck systembolaget . 
  i would n't go that far , no . 
  i think that , rather , them having reached a level of english that is sufficient for communication is enough of an achievement that they do n't bother to further perfect their pronunciation . 
  another reason might be that accentuation is n't really a thing in french ( it 's more or less always the same pattern ) , while it 's pretty important in english and vital in many other european languages . 
  as such , french people will not be aware that proper stress is necessary to be understood , and the result is the stereotypical `` french accent '' . 
  sssh , do n't tell anyone . 
  there 's already enough people on the coast , and i like my barbagia clear of messy tourists :p, 
  flight radar and skyscanner for planes , google maps for the rest . 
  but it 's uncommon to stay for * that * long , is n't it ? 
  id control within schengen is n't automatic but you 'll have issues if you refuse , i believe . 
  passport checks happen when you leave / enter schengen , which is different from the eu . 
  cantone maritimo is gon na happen, 
  you 're right - i should have specified that they speak german more over there than in the rest of france , but not every alsacien is bilingual , far from it . 
  still , from those i 've met , they usually have a basic level of german that 's relevant for the topic here - they are more likely to be able to do basic shopping and other interactions , i think . 
  there 's quite a big difference between saying `` density is lower in non-city border regions '' and `` there 's almost no one living there '' . 
   the truth is that there is very little people really living near borders in general , what, 
  in alsace ( the french region at the border ) , people do tend to also speak german for historical ( they were under german rule for a bit ) and cultural reasons . 
  the local language is also germanic , and kids in school are more likely to choose german . 
  the few germans i 've met from the other side of that border also have a higher than average level of french . 
  also the sgp ( i think ? ), 
  and their slightly more tolerant buddies whose name escapes me , which are pretty much fundamentalist christian parties . 
  the sgp website is closed on sundays because it 's the day of the lord and the servers need to rest . 
   i do n't think that 's correct . 
  why should it be impossible to find out how well migrants integrate ? 
  would this not mean that there ca n't ever be an end to the debate , that there are no facts to be gathered and no ` truth ' to be found - yet , this is precisely what i think we must do to make correct decisions . 
  because those are pretty hard things to qualify . 
  some people will see integration as becoming nigh-indistinguishable from the locals , culturally speaking - adopting all their values , history , traditions , and such . 
  others will see integration as adopting the core values of the country ( whatever those may be ) , while being totally allowed to maintain their own culture and traditions - after all , no country is culturally homogeneous , so why not see turkish-german culture on the same level as bavarian , or franco-tunisian equivalent to breton or basque ? 
  yet another group will see integration as abiding by the local laws as much as the locals , which may not be much . 
  some people will put greater emphasis on language , or cuisine , or religion . 
   it 's not unheard of for peasants to take the name of their lord so they are n't necessarily blood descendants of the norman better courts . 
  it is ? 
  i 'm not aware of any cases besides the gaelic systems , which differ a bit ; what is sometimes the case is that peasants might take the place-name as a name , but not really the noble family . 
  and the origin of the name is n't really the canary islands dude ; he got the family to its arguably highest point , but the existed long before - as attested by the germano-norman origin . 
  i feel amsterdam every year on koningsdag . 
  i would n't say it 's quite at that level . 
  the wp page gives a solid etymology that makes it pretty specific , and quite unlikely to have originated in different places from distinct origins , as it ultimately derives from the frankish/germanic name `` betto '' , and `` court '' . 
  by contrast , smith , singh or perez are pretty generic surnames that can easily be assumed by totally unrelated people . 
  the irish water argument was insanely bizarre to follow , as a foreigner who lived in dublin . 
  nothing cool about sloterdijk really . 
  if we ignore the microstates , malta would probably be the only country where it 's hard to find `` wilderness '' - and even then you have some pretty remote areas , they 're just not very interesting . 
  do you recall the name of the place ? 
  interesting , where do you live ? 
  in mokum it feels like there 's quite a fair few of them - much to my pleasure . 
  i think it was mandated by law for the first couple of years , and somehow never changed . 
  no sorry but that 's bollocks . 
  it was on the beeb that i learned about it , they featured it on their podcasts during the thick of the assaults on sanaa and there are articles about it popping up once in a while . 
  you can argue that it 's not given the priority it deserves , but they do report on it . 
  7,5 km , by bike . 
  takes me about 25 minutes . 
  ( netherlands ) . 
  they 're both outdated by now . 
  you 'll probably still find oseille in rap songs for lyrical variety , but p\u00e9petes sounds very 80s to me . 
  tr\u00e8s / r/fellowkids le `` t ` as pas 20 thunes '' :d, 
  worth noting that malta is a lot cheaper than most western europe . 
  ah fair enough , not the sort usually associate with so :p, 
  seriously ? 
  ca n't recall ever hearing it . 
  for better or for worse , i feel like the french 's relation to their flag is starting to get closer to the germans ' : it 's a symbol of the state , and it 's totally cool to display it on the national day and for football matches - but outside of those occasion , it gets a little weird , not to say `` a symbol of the far right '' . 
  i have mitigated feelings about the flag itself - i 'm aware of its history and the intense symbolism associated with it , and i find most of things to be worthy of pride . 
  at the same time , and i believe it 's the case for many french people , it 's a sort of passive , comfortable , unassuming pride - we know that our country is something to look up to , that our history has many proud moments , but we do n't make a big deal out of it because there 's `` nothing to prove '' , so to speak . 
  we are n't a young nation like the us , and the concept of france is n't under threat like various secessionist regions . 
  there 's no need for us to brandish our flag at every opportunity because we know who we are and we 're cool with that . 
  the flip side of that coin is that nationalist and/or racist parties will , however , feel that the concept of france * is * threatened , and feel the need to reaffirm it by using prominent national symbols - the flag first among them . 
  or , they 'll want to emphasize a national identity to justify preferential treatment for french citizens , and a flag is a good symbol of nationality . 
  or they 'll be wary of opening up and cooperating with other countries or entities , for fear of losing sovereignty - another good reason to use the flag . 
  so because your average frenchman has little cause to wave that flag around , and because frenchmen with unsavory ideologies do , the latter group is more closely associated with its use outside of national celebrations . 
  for funsies , alghero has its own dialect of catalan , a leftover from the aragonese rule that 's still spoken to some extent . 
   starbucks , dunkin donuts and fastfood chains locating there . 
  as opposed to a'dam ? 
  that 's the language ( many language names end in s in dutch , few demonyms do ), 
  brest is also pretty ugly for much the same reasons . 
  ever heard of sardinia ? 
  at a guess , either vowel length or accentuation . 
  it does n't mean much to us , and can be very important in some languages - i 'd guess it 's the case for estonian :d,
