  besides that , dublin is also great . 
  it has the advantage of being an english-speaking city while also using euros and not planning anything silly . 
  there 's a huge expat community here , part of which is formed by a sizeable amount of poles . 
  the city is full of life and culture , and it 's welcoming to foreigners . 
   hey , why do n't you come to ... dublin ? 
  you wo n't find much variation between european countries and the us . 
  south american markets and asia will present more diversity , but europeans pretty much buy the same brands as americans . 
  i suppose it 's highly dependent on your friends and circles . 
  i 've lived in various european countries and most of my friends are also expats from various euro countries - they universally agree that it 's a shame and a stupid thing to do . 
  some of the arguments i 've seen laid out by pro-brexit supporters are astonishing , as they basically treated that vote as a referendum on cameron , or even as a way to express their general discontentment at life/politics/the rich . 
  it 's all really mind-numbing and makes me rethink whether the principles of democracy are something we should hold onto . 
  ideally , what the belgians call [ mitraillette ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/mitraillette.jpg ) and the french `` am\u00e9ricain '' . 
  delicious flemish fries covering a meat-ish item in a sliced baguette . 
  however , since i ca n't get that in amsterdam , i 'll settle for the fries only . 
  varied experiences depending of where i lived . 
  i probably do n't need to describe amsterdam to you . 
  dublin , like many north european capitals , is becoming more and more bike friendly , with bike lanes and bike sharing popping up all over the place . 
  it 's still not the main method of going around , but it 's a thing . 
  scooters are few and far between , and motorbikes are more of a hobby . 
  malta has a deep-seated car culture . 
  their roads are shit and they are terrible drivers , through . 
  as a consequence , bikes are very rare - you do n't want to get killed . 
  however , motorbikes are relatively common , considering that it 's an island . 
  in the rural france i come from , villages are far apart , so you need a car to cover long distances . 
  and before you reach 18 , you get a scooter to help you go around . 
  motorbikes are not uncommon either , but bikes are mostly confined to hobby - racing or cross country . 
  those guys have a special set of laws regarding education though , leftover from the germans . 
  i thought you could technically do spanish + german or some other weird combo ? 
  not that anyone does it , but ... 
  not worried per se , but do keep vaguely abreast of the protests so you know whether there 's a risk of strike or not . 
  if there is , check the sncf/ratp/local transport authority website for any info . 
  i 'm a translator working primarily with american sources into french . 
  most of the time , i 'll use `` french time '' , which i believe to be the most common way to specify the time zone in case there could be some doubt . 
  in some cases , i 'll even use `` paris time '' to avoid amu confusion for french overseas territories , which are scattered across time zones . 
  that being said , it 's not always necessary , and you 'll only specify it if it is : if you are a french company mainly working with a french audience , it 's superfluous . 
  however , if your target demographic includes french speakers worldwide ( eg qu\u00e9bec ) , it 's better to specify it . 
  also , like others said : cest * . 
  wait what ? 
  cet and gmt are two different time zones . 
  be advised that `` paris beauvais '' is n't paris at all , and you 'll need a lengthy shuttle ride from the outskirts of paris to get there . 
  in case non-dutchies are wondering wtf is this : yes , those are chocolate sprinkles sprinkled on buttered bread . 
  they 're all nice , but amsterdam might give you the most `` european '' feel ( assuming you 're american ) . 
  also , the likelihood of finding someone speaking english will be near 100 % , unlike in spain . 
  the point he 's making is that europeans are , mostly , not native english speakers and therefore will use their gps in their native language . 
  varies , as most things . 
  where i grew up , in rural france , having a car was a necessity . 
  there was `` public transport '' , meaning a bus taking you twice a day to the nearest town , stopping an hour 's walk away from my home . 
  in most cities i 've lived after that , having a car was n't practical because 1 / public transport is amazeballs , 2 / you can easily bike to anywhere . 
  now , i 'm in amsterdam , and you can guess how i get by . 
  to give a counterpoint to the other replies : virtually every single house in malta has ac . 
  the building standards are pretty sloppy , and even with the old stone houses , the ac is sorely needed in summer . 
  yeah , it happened to me a couple of times . 
  i come from a pretty rural and poor part of france where people do n't travel much and generally do n't do anything extravagant . 
  so my local branch got a bit too excited when they saw transactions in ireland , italy and malta + payments in the uk , us and some other place during the same weekend . 
  turns out i just had a couple of flights and some outstanding bills/web purchases , which is something they 're not used to see since i 'm probably the only customer living abroad they have . 
  i actually looked it up - the average distance between stations is now around 500m , meaning some are further . 
  i suspect this is mostly true for end-of-line stations , as the earlier prewar designs included this explicit requirement . 
  paris has a fantastic metro system ( local legend has it that you 're never further than 500m from a metro station ) , and is decently priced if you get a multiple-day ticket . 
  that said , if you 're used to urban cycling , there are bike rental stations ( called v\u00e9lib ) everywhere , and it 's pretty convenient when the weather is nice . 
   assuming bus fares are somewhat similar in other countries you 'd be wrong to . 
  the basic unit price for a single ticket is 1.80 in paris and 2.80 in amsterdam , for instance . 
  that was hilarious . 
  the second time he pronounces it , when he says ` as the french say ' ( i guess ) is pretty good . 
  france : mcdonalds is universally known as `` macdo '' the retail giant carrefour is often called carrouf ( this reduction is semi - [ verlan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verlan ) ) . . and that 's pretty much all i can think of right now . 
  this is great . 
  some places in a'dam charge ludicrous amounts for water ( or other drinks for that matter ) , to the point of ruining my enjoyment of the meal . 
   this is true , ted cruz and bernie sanders ' names have only been mentionned in very specific articles ( that 1 % of french people read ) . 
  really ? 
  le monde has been doing some pretty solid coverage of the race , especially of the shitshow on the republican side . 
  granted , i 'm only looking at their online edition , but still , the info is out there . 
   a general lack of exposure to spoken english because everything is dubbed this is correct , but i disagree with the rest . 
  and it 's only by comparison to other countries without a dubbing culture , not as a factor of education : they 'll be exposed to english media , so their english will be better by default . 
  same thing applies to italians and spaniars . 
  as for actual reasons ... - france is a big country , which makes it less necessary to speak english in a professional capacity . 
  you 'll more likely to have french customers , deal with french suppliers , and so fort . 
  compare with , say , the netherlands : they do have a strong economy , but the chances you 'll deal with germany , belgium , the uk or france in a business capacity are higher , i 'd say . 
  - phonology and language structure . 
  english is much more distant than italian or spanish , which are the natural `` competitors '' in the language learning field . 
  the spelling is a giant clusterfuck , but mostly , it features many phonemes which are totally alien to the french speaker - the `` th '' chief among them . 
  this produces a certain frustration among learners , both in terms of understanding and speaking . 
  - a generally poor level of teaching . 
  this might have changed in recent years , but when i was in school , you 'd see teachers whose last trip to england was during the reign of king georges , trying to force irregular verbs down their pupil 's throat with pedagogy directly inspired by latin classes . 
  very little was used to leverage the * relevance * of english to french kids , such as pop culture or technology . 
  - and , building off of point 1 , a cultural reluctance to learn languages , and english in particular . 
  this is n't true everywhere but i 've certainly encountered it where i 'm from . 
  some people see english as either a ) the language of our millennial nemesis across the channel or b ) the language of those capitalist pigdogs across the pond . 
  are the other towns so different from a'dam when it comes to traffic lights ? 
  because i sure hit at least 20 of them on my commute every morning . 
  what ? 
  the most famous belgian beers are certainly not lagers , and while there are a few crappy lagers like everywhere , the majority are abbey , triples , doubles or bruin . 
  have you ever tried cider from brittany or normandy ? 
  welsh cider is the best in the uk or ireland , but i find that style pretty coarse compared to the french ones . 
  france here . 
  we still have a lot of remnants of the former french noble houses , although they do not bear any official titles anymore . 
  they now exist as wealthy , powerful and well-connected families in the best of cases , or as impoverished upper-class landowners trying to maintain their possessions . 
  i am mildly fascinated by the historical aspects of it , but i do n't think it has any place in a modern society , and that it 's outright scandalous to give them privileges , or special positions of power , because of their birth . 
  growing up in the rural north , i was only vaguely aware that the nearby castle was owned by some nobles . 
  besides those and the few guys who claim the title of king of france , i never had any particular knowledge of living nobility . 
  no , you 're saying than america is more diverse than any eu country . 
  i disagree , and tried to explain you why , along with why you 're getting downvotes and negative comments in the thread .
