  yeah but you can have pretty wild differences between a pinot blanc from nz , from za or from france . 
  the thing is , with wine , you 'll most often recognize a name which is associated with a region ( and possibly protected by an appellation ) , say m\u00e9doc or chianti , but within that region you 'll have a fair amount of variation in quality - so people who like wine will often talk about a specific producer/ch \u00e2teau that they like . 
  however , the flip side is that you 'll need to be either lucky , or searching for a wine produced in large quantities , to find that one in any shop . 
  then , you 'll have grape varieties - chardonnay , syrah and so on.those can be grown most anywhere and are pretty meaningless when discussing wine , yet are the most recognizable names . 
  also , availability is vastly dependent on where you are , even within a given country . 
  my favourite red wine is italian , and yet it 's pretty hard to find outside of its home region , sardinia . 
  and even if i manage to find a shop selling that type of wine ( cannonau ) in , say , rome , chances are they wo n't have the nepente d'oliena , the specific wine i 'm so craving . 
  the road trip culture is a very american thing . 
  i mean , sure , there are many countries in europe and around the world that place cultural value on traveling and visiting places , but * the road * seems to exert a special fascination on the american psyche - or at least , that 's what my civ teachers told me , and the vast number of books and movies where the road/voyage/vastness / the magnitude of the american continent hold a central place seems to testify to that . 
  aside from that , europe has a much more developed rail network than the us , and ryanair allows you to fly everywhere for fuck all . 
  and finally , the perception of distance is really not the same . 
  while a 2 hour drive is nothing to most americans , it can feel daunting to some europeans , and can easily get you across 3 countries . 
  so most people ( that i know ) would n't plan long trips , but just a quick drive to the nearest cool spot for a day trip . 
  i feel sorry for them , both for my eu-minded british friends living abroad who are already despaired , and for the brexit crowd who will come to regret their choice , i wager . 
  the eu will be poorer ( in the non-economic sense ) for their departure , but they have much more to lose . 
  i , on the other hand , will have to suffer less stag parties crowding the streets in my city . 
  which parties are still opposed to the decriminalisation of growers ? 
  i 'd guess op wants to hear from the euroturks , who have been heavily courted by visits and lobbying those past few months . 
   but i think that our reactions are very moderate . 
  [ godpig ] ( https://twitter.com/italiancomments ), 
  no one knows chouchen , seriously . 
  even within france . 
   i think that 's generally overdone . 
  as i understand it he likes the idea of the eu on paper but not the current excecution , so he 's on one side with most people there . 
  the only question is how far excactly he would go and how high his bar is for `` succesful negotiations '' . 
  here 's what [ he 's saying ] ( https://laec.fr/chapitre/4/sortir-des-traites-europeens ) . 
  - he views the eu dreams as dead , and the eu as a financial tool - he wants to scrap all the treaties that infringe on financial sovereignty ( such as debt ceilings ) - he seems eu regulations as undemocratic tyranny - he wants to ignore eu laws that are a `` setback '' from national laws ( whatever that means is open to interpretation ) - push for nationalization/against deregulation of key sectors such as transport he 's got 2 plans . 
  the first one would ideally be open to every eu member and accepted by the eu as a whole . 
  i 'd involve : - severely castrating the ecb and allow more direct operations between national central banks ( sovereign debt buyback being listed ) - stronger regulations on the financial sector with heavy monitoring , tax on financial trades , and banning `` toxic financial products '' - an end to the free movement of goods and capital within the eu as part of `` social protectionism '' , where states could fund/protect key sectors more than what eu allows now - leveling labour and tax codes across the eu to avoid abuses - rework farming subsidies ( a pretty thorny subject in france ) to ensure that every country is self-sufficient ( wat ) if that works , the resulting agreement will be subject to a referendum . 
  if it does n't , there will be plan b - unilateral decisions from the french gov. 
  - end france 's contribution to the eu 's budget ( 22bn ) - rehabilitate the french central bank to control tax rates and other fiscal/financial tools , and start working on an ** alternative currency that would cohabit with the euro ** in collaboration with like-minded countries from plan a. 
  - restoring customs and import taxes on goods and financial trading - foster new bilateral agreements on culture , research , education and such with like minded countries . 
  -- to me , that reads as going against the fundamentals of europe . 
  there 's a lot i like about the guy , but his positions on that topic are a deal-breaker for me . 
  france , it might have been listed on a map we glanced at during a cold war lesson . 
  maybe ? 
  it 's been a few years tho , but all i know comes from random internet sites and games . 
  la joconde , by l\u00e9onard de vinci . 
  come at me , / r/italy, 
  politeness towards but drivers , too . 
  not quite . 
  the historical makeup of qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois is still subject to academic debate ( as far as i 'm aware ) , and [ you can read this confusing paragraph ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7ais_qu%c3%a9b%c3%a9cois#histoire ) for a glimpse of it . 
  the gist of it is that the people who moved there were mostly from the parisian region , and the north-west/west regions of france . 
  those would be the varieties of french that , then and now , are closer to `` standard '' french ( then , the french spoken at court ; now , the `` parisian '' french spoken on tv and such ) . 
  the immigrants mostly came from cities , which tend to normalize speech variations , but there was still a quarter of them coming from the rural areas of the west . 
  those two factors ( city folks from various towns + blending of rural folks from one broad region ) created a speech that was close to paris french , but peppered with regionalisms that were common to the west . 
  of course , both languages evolved on their own , and qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois now developed a ton of features that have nothing to do with 18th century france . 
   still . 
  occitan , breizh , alsatian , catalan , proven\u00e7al , savoyard ... these are languages/dialects/patois those are pretty different concepts , and your list includes varieties which are undoubtedly languages ( breton ) as well as varieties whose status is much less clear ( savoyard ) . 
  probably malta , as someone from northern france . 
  their culture is * very * mediterranean , and reflects their location quite well . 
  and the jesus thing , they 're weird about it . 
  for those wondering , op is up , and willem is the name of the current king , a clever way to render `` vote '' . 
  the belgians actually use `` opfilip '' , as that 's the name of their king . 
  putaclick is the commonly used french rendering for click bait , where the a stands for `` for '' , making it perfectly rolling off the tongue, 
  let 's spice things up a bit : dutch and french . 
  `` pardon , conducteur '' means `` excuse me/sorry , [ train/bus/tram ] driver '' . 
  it 's barely a sentence but given the pair , maybe you 'll excuse me :p, 
  absolutely , brainfart on my part . 
  yeah it 's alghero in italian , and it 's due to it being one of the last strongholds of aragonian presence on the island . 
  edit as per below , me dumb . 
  people here have already raised good points , i 'll just mention some things as someone who has friends who moved from amsterdam to vancouver . 
  - the big thing is that the film industry is nowhere near as big as in van . 
  my friends relocated there with the explicit goal of getting in the industry , and there 's no massive hub in europe that even compares . 
  so you 'll have a harder time finding something here . 
  - the housing market for buyers is terribad in vancouver , but it 's also problematic in a number of euro cities - paris , london and amsterdam among others . 
  if that 's what you 're escaping , you might want to reconsider :d - that being said , you can look into malta . 
  they speak english , it 's pretty much the complete opposite of bc in terms of everything ( the good and the bad ) , with the exception of the weather , which is amazing . 
  they have a semi-solid film industry there - notably game of thrones , but a host of other movies made use of their zillion castles . 
  which is pretty small , despite some revival efforts , and limited to a small area . 
  sardinian is pretty commonly spoken throughout the island too . 
  amusingly enough , it very much depends on the people you frequent . 
  first year at rennes 2 ( that 's the humanities university ) , i was coming out of a class with a classmate and she met a friend outside , they started talking together in breton . 
  not being from the region , i was totally flabbergasted . 
  turns out that going to irish ( another celtic language ) class nets you a higher chance to interact with breton speakers . 
  same if you go to a certain set of bars , or gravitate towards some specific circles . 
  tl ; dr i 've heard a fair amount of breton in rennes , but never once gallo . 
   considering the mentality in southern france i 'd chose brittany a thousand times over the rest of france south-east is crap , south-west is chill though . 
  merci !, 
  how 's it called in corsican ? 
  i had the sardinan one but i would n't mind trying that . 
  no like much , really , and they sort of blend with the cheese anyway - but that cheese is among the strongest i 've ever tried in my life . 
  and i 'm french . 
  not for the faint of heart , worms notwithstanding . 
  i agree with the sentiment here - not only it 's weird to completely change your name , but you 're literally called aladdin - if you can bear the constant jokes , it 'll be memorable and will instantly give you bonus points . 
  that said , what is sometimes done is to adapt the spelling ( or transliteration in your case ) to fit the writing conventions of the country you 're in . 
  for instance , if you have a persian name that contains `` oo '' ( pronounced / u : / ) , you might want to amend that to `` oe '' in dutch or `` u '' in german to clearly indicate locals how to pronounce it . 
  it 's also common for chinese people working with westerners to adopt a `` western '' surname because we ca n't read chinese for shit , and half of their consonants are too hard for us to read correctly ( qing/xing anyone ? ) . 
  so you 'll get liu tao , who goes by `` johnny '' . 
  i do n't think it 's overly relevant for middle-eastern names as they 're much easier to pronounce . 
  that said , i actually usually `` localize '' my name in europe . 
  my first name is very french , but pretty confusing to read if you ca n't read french - however , it has variants in most european languages . 
  so wherever i go , i tend to use the local one if i do n't want to bother with explaining it ( booking a table , opening a tab at the bar ... ), 
  tweakers is seriously amazing . 
  i think people could even use it just for the search function , figure out the model of whatever that they 'd like , and search for that on their local price comparison . 
  although it 's only in dutch i believe ? 
  haha yeah i had a friend with a similar name , szcz also turned into `` z '' . 
  totally . 
  frenchman with a polish surname here , there 's basically the french way to pronounce it ( which i use with french people ) and the polish way , which i use most everywhere else because it 's somehow easier for foreigners . 
  as to the second part of your question ,  so i expect that french people in france pronounce last names with predictable pronunciation ... mostly .
