australia has just agreed to take in 12,000 syrian refugees , along with however many are here at the moment ( around 13,000 not all are syrian though ) i 'm not sure how that would be displayed on the map, 
  yes it was . 
  britain controlled egypt , israel/palestine , and iraq as well as numerous other colonies in the middle east . 
  the french controlled syria and lebanon, 
  wow , thanks for that link . 
  i had no idea . 
  good grief the soviet union losses were incredible , also glad to see it shows yugoslavia , a lot of people forget that they lost so many people through the resistance . 
  i wish they showed a bit more on asia though , it would have been interesting to see a similar thing . 
  us in siberia , we would last about two minutes . 
  well personally i want to help , people and i do n't agree with our policy , but we ca n't just accept everyone . 
  we have to draw a line somewhere , i do n't what that line should be . 
  all i know is our line now is way to harsh . 
  do n't get me wrong i think the government is acting very shifty with all this , i have no idea what the answer is though . 
  not necessarily disputing your point but this was article was from january 2014 , the policy had only been in effect for 2 months . 
  well apparently americans are slowly changing what liberal means here . 
  you can blame that on some aussie talk radio host who was peddling that misinformation hopefully since so people looked it up they found out he was talking rubbish . 
  we do , the template i used just did n't have them : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo#positions_taken_by_foreign_entities i googled why is kosovo . . and it came up with ( unsurprisingly ) not in the u.n. 
  it could just be people wondering what they are famous for , apart from that i have no idea . 
  holy shit that 's awesome . 
  i do n't think they ever aired that particular one though , mainly because i watched a lot of the world cup and saw those mcdonald 's ads for each country a million times , and never saw that one . 
  i was being sarcastic mate , it 's something the bogans like to say . 
  `` fuck off , we 're full '', 
  it neatly shows the difference between the classes i 'd say edit : also shows the difference between backward queenslanders and glorious victorians ^ / s, 
  then can you please tell your fellow citizens to stop moving here , we are full after all , 
  yes that is why we learn that part of history . 
  to wonder how on earth the dutch could be less imaginative than the british when naming things . 
  surely you should be glad someone is n't calling you weak/poor for a change . 
  well people who are ` anglo ' can be called : bogan , skip , convict , povo , goonya , shags , and welch there the ones i 've heard although i only heard welch once so that could be one someone made up . 
  also the obvious pom and whitey but they are n't that bad . 
  edit : couple more are ferals , yobbos , and grot, 
  nah we cover enough about dutch history to know where the netherlands/holland are , and by enough i mean , some explorers who ventured around australia and colonised indonesia, 
  yeah its mainly ignorance of the situation . 
  do n't worry though we have a housing bubble about to burst maybe it will be you guys calling us poor in a couple of years . 
  i think new south wales and queesland do that . 
  never heard in victoria or south australia, 
  actually australia usually does n't . 
  our liberal also means the same as it does in sweden ( which is why the more conservative party in australia is called the liberal party ) . 
  but apparently younger australians are being influenced by the american defintion and are slowly changing what the word means here . 
  i think its because the recession is all the many people in australia have heard about spain for the last 5 years . 
  well that and football of course . 
  yeah i was suprised at that one considering there are many smaller countries in europe . 
  maybe lots of aussies play eu4 and are wondering what happened to lithuania . 
   the cosmodrome 's geographic location at 51 degrees north means that , to a given orbit , rockets will be able to carry almost the same amount of payload as they can when launched from baikonur . 
  other arguments for choosing this location include the ability to use sparsely populated areas and bodies of water for the rocket launch routes ; proximity to major transportation networks such as the baikal -- amur mainline , the chita -- khabarovsk highway ; abundance of electricity production resources in the area ; and the presence of the infrastructure of the former svobodny cosmodrome , on which the new spaceport will be based . 
   putin said that among places offered was an area on the shore of the pacific ocean , near vladivostok , but that experts recommended not to locate it there since the closeness to the ocean can create problems and delays in launches , and as a result the current place was chosen . 
  sorry i meant co-operation between the australian subs and the japanese subs . 
  the logic being if japan and china go to war , australia would be dragged in and be able to operate more effectively with the japanese . 
  nuclear subs also give off constant heat as the reactor needs to be cooled continously leaving the possibility of being detected by thermal imaging, 
  i would n't go that far , we 've moved passed that and are firm allies now . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i do apologise , i just thought it was a bit of an interesting observation , but i can see how it would get tiring . 
  i did n't mean any harm by it, 
  it was just what i thought was an interesting fact . 
  i know . 
  maybe my wording was n't clear but i thought the `` and '' was enough to separate the two countries, 
  indeed . 
  apparently the u.s. was pressuring us to pick japan so we could operate together much more effectively if a war against china broke out . 
  but the french designs were favoured by the defence force as being the better choice . 
  edit : spelling, 
  it shows how quickly things can change that we would even consider germany and japan since we have fought in two world wars against germany , and japan is the only nation in history to directly attack australia . 
  of course that 's not why they were rejected , ( abbott actually favoured japan ) we 're firm allies now , just an interesting thought . 
  doubtful . 
  the only reason australia is part of it is because eurovision is so popular down here . 
  4.3 million people watched last year 's show , which is incredible for australian tv where usually the top show gets around 1.5-2 million viewers . 
  yeah they 're unarmed . 
  you can see they 're just carrying fuel tanks . 
  if they were armed they may have been shot down . 
  yep i could vote in the last uk election , although i did n't because i was just there for a holiday, 
  also considering australian women can serve as combat troops on the front line equal to men in the australian defence force . 
  there the migrant workers from india , pakistan and bangladesh that build everything in the gulf countries . 
  i just thought i 'd put some other non-european countries on here , the figures are from 2013 * uae 83.7 % * saudi arabia 31 % * australia 27.7 % * israel 26.5 % * nz 25.1 % * canada 20.7 % * usa 14.3 % * japan 1.9 % * china 0.1 % source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_immigrant_population, 
   as long as you winning elections you keep your job lol that does n't apply to australia anymore, 
  maybe uni in korea is tougher than elsewhere, 
  this poor french bloke was hitchhiking across australia and ended up with this nutter https://youtu.be/dsvq8q4jrua, 
  france and nz have a bit of a history over the rainbow warrior as well . 
  we already did for the 1908 and 1912 games . 
  australia and nz participated as australiasia, 
   men in particular do well there . 
  they live the 3rd most . 
  explains why rupert murdoch refuses to die, 
  australia is 15th if you were wondering, 
  that 's an interesting view . 
  although i must say i do n't think most aussies would share it , a majority quite like britain and would be happy for a free trade deal . 
  not really it was legal from 1920-1936 then banned up to 1955 where it was made legal again . 
  that 's in russia at least the other soviet republics had different laws on it, 
  to be fair , brexit is a pretty big deal, 
  very very close . 
  looks like it will be a hung parliament , some seats were called by only 26 votes , so there will be a big recount of all the close seats tomorrow . 
  then we should have some sort of idea on which party will form minority government, 
  we have n't even got the results yet . 
  will be a hung parliament someone will have to form minority government . 
  one thing that is even if the libs win turnbull is fucked , be gone in a month i 'd say . 
  so we will have had 5 prime minister 's in 3 years !, 
  maybe the regulations are on a state level ? 
  i 'm in vic , not sure if it 's different elsewhere . 
  you ca n't really compare the drywall in north america to australia regulations here mean they turn out quite different, 
  33 % actually not to mention the ` desert ' is still very good for livestock . 
  australian deserts are not like the sahara , there is plenty of plants and grass out there . 
  i always thought we should have a green passport . 
  not many countries have a green one and green is a national colour,
