  inb4 hanson becomes pm and makes us part of the uk again, 
  brits and french lost more than us or the kiwis did . 
  something many australians and new zealanders do n't know . 
  skin cancer hardly ever kills though . 
  surprisingly new zealand is the country with the highest skin cancer not australia, 
  they would never have captured it . 
  it would have been stalingrad on steriods and with way more soviet troops and fewer germans who were already out of supply , and exhausted . 
  there 's a reason the germans were pushed back 200km in a few weeks in the soviet counter-offensive, 
  australia is 26th . 
  i would think australia 's very high life expectancy ( 4th or 5th iirc ) would also be a factor http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/29-most-obese-countries-in-the-world.html, 
  there 's lots of australians who are descended from italy and greece . 
  that would be my theory . 
  climate probably helps too . 
  were the soviets or brits in it ? 
  wonder what they would be, 
  pretty impressive considering the less than ideal economy they have, 
  well he was n't prime minister at the time . 
  mainly for saying ludicrous yhings like that, 
  what ? 
  the commonwealth did n't support it at all . 
  the australian , canadian , indian and new zealand prime minister 's all came out against brexit . 
  they 're making the best of it now , but there was an overwhelming call to stay . 
  australia : http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/latest-news/turnbull-hopeful-uk-avoids-eu-brexit/news-story/0afdf43fb5c3ea5d778ca4bc756cbee0 canada : https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2016/06/22/trudeau-backs-britain-to-stay-in-eu-ahead-of-brexit-vote.html india : http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2016/05/26/indias-narendra-modi-weighs-in-again-on-brexit-debate/ new zealand : http://i.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/77349461/john-key-on-brexit-uk-remaining-in-european-union-is-in-nzs-best-interests, 
  i think that might be it . 
  surely the dutch will have no choice but to bow down before sultan erdogan after this completely devastating attack . 
  most of australia is grassland . 
  the deserts make up 35 % of the country . 
  animals are n't kept in the tropical part , crops are grown there instead , and tasmania only produces a very small amount of high quality beef . 
  tasmania does lots of dairy farming but what i am saying is beef is still raised out in the outback , just because it 's a desert does n't mean there is literally nothing to eat . 
  stuff grows out there . 
  this is what most of the outback looks like : http://i.imgur.com/pe3cyyq.jpg not much but enough, 
  cows are pretty resilient . 
  beef is produced all over outback australia as well, 
  personally i 'd have like to have seen talinn or the narva and ivangorod fortresses, 
  i think its just serbias support and kosovo is coloured the same because it 's disputed . 
  look a kashmir north of india that 's also blue despite being disputed . 
  that 's the only explanation i can think of . 
  australia also never went into recession in 2008 either . 
  1992 was the last one, 
  well they were both progressive . 
  it was julia who bought in the carbon tax for instance despite massive political cost because it was the right thing to do, 
  they were pretty similar to canada 's liberal party . 
  only large difference was immigration . 
  not sure where that puts them in european politics . 
  i do n't mean asian as in we are all asians , but that our diplomacy and our trade is now overwhelmingly focused on asia . 
  unlike 60 years ago where it was european dominated, 
  australia 's politics are rather divided . 
  you ca n't say australia is super conservative when 3 years ago there was a very progressive government in charge . 
  at the stage we were one of the leaders on combating climate change . 
  now we have gone almost to ths back under conservative ledaership . 
  i agree though aus would never join the eu way to many hoops involved for not much benefit . 
  we could just have a free trade deal, 
  because we do n't want to be ? 
  not to sound rude by i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of australians would be against joining . 
  we 're an asian nation now not a european one . 
  also would europeans support such a move ? 
  seems unlikely, 
  bloody hell , that 's horrific . 
  poor families . 
  well chinese soliders train here every year . 
  is n't the collapse of the ruble due to the sanctions though ? 
  australia is much stricter than canada on trade matters . 
  no idea why he thinks it will be easy , especially when free trade is extremely unpopular in australia . 
  it was really high in the 50s , 80 % of boys were getting it but it went down quite quickly . 
  now it 's below 10 % circumsion was also banned in public hospitals in australia in the early 2000s . 
  australia is blue becuase there 's still quite a few old folks still kicking . 
  edit : more information, 
  no one 's saying europe reaches the japanese coast . 
  it ends at the urals . 
  believe it or not countries can be part of two continents . 
  france russia turkey and egypt are a few examples, 
  huh . 
  i had read somewhere it was upward of 70 % . 
  i also agree with you on offshore detention , i would probably support it , if it was n't such a shambles as it is now . 
  ~ ~ you are aware you are in a small minority of australians who say that . ~ ~ most australians agree with the policy edit : i overestimated the support for the policy , still a majority but not by much . 
  my mistake, 
  can confirm its the same in aus/nz, 
  heard this for germany and the netherlands and australia and new zealand as well . 
  they are a member of the council of europe so no they do n't have it . 
  mozambique switched as well as it borders south africa, 
  pretty sure almost every country on earth has that to some degree, 
  traveling , we like to see the world . 
  which is why it seems you can find australians even in the most remote hostels, 
  most australians just go over for a few years , get a job to travel for a bit and then go back home . 
  a extermely small number would move there for more than 5 years hence why none bother intergrating, 
  and the american people are sick of that . 
  many want to stop interfering with the rest of the world , one of the reasons why he was elected . 
  indeed aus and nz are westminster systems but do not use fptp, 
  i do n't know . 
  when the occasional post about russia happens that is n't political ( pictures of landscapes or something ) i rarely see the kind of hate toward them as what turkey seems to get . 
  a lot of people here seem to separate putin and russians which they do n't do with erdogan and turks . 
  parts of tasmania and victoria in australia are like that, 
  pretty sure this map means britain will leave nato and ally russia, 
  vicky 3 really is starting to become like half-life 3 at this point, 
  except you wo n't advance at all , your planes do n't work your tanks do n't work . 
  so by starting the war in winter all you have done is give them 3 months to prepare and be ready when the thaws come . 
  then you have to fight your way through a prepared enemy in massive mud . 
  to be fair how can you even compare the two ? 
  4 soliders driving around fields for two weeks chasing birds is obviously more important than a genocide ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  you can respect someone you hate,
