  they just shot as anyone else would have done ... 
  its almost as if turkey has released a whole bunch of evidence to collaborate its claims and russia has n't ... its also almost as if the people on the ground were soldiers in an active war zone , and assumed a turkish jet taking out another jet , must have been it engaging a syrian airforce jet the very people they are fighting ... 
  well you see , when artillery is being fired from inside a city , you have two choices . 
  one is to simply take the hits , be weakened , and potentially lose more ground and thus more civilian casualties . 
  the cycle continues until the end . 
  the other option is to return fire . 
  yes , your killing civilians , but your ensuring that a ) the enemy is n't able to endanger even more lives as they advance and b ) proves that the enemy using human shields is not going to stop you attacking . 
  you mean , other than the part where russia annexed part of their territory , started and funded a civil war within its borders , and helped in the murder of 200 + dutch citizens ? 
  technically milosevic was n't convinced of anything because he died before the end of the trial . 
  however he was being tried for the genocide , and for all intents and purposes , he would have been found guilty if not for his death . 
  pretending that it did n't happen , purely on this technicality , is disgusting and an insult to the thousands who died . 
  and its only going to be a very minor inconvenience for those people to pass through border checks ... 
  of course your screwed when one country wants to act independently/against something thats not in europe . 
  for example , if argentina invaded the falklands again , the uk would without doubt declare war . 
  france would probably help our because they have their own far flung holdings and want us on side for if they are taken . 
  but what care does say bulgaria or sweden have for the falklands . 
  would they support their own soldiers dying for something thats outside of europe ? 
  yep , its why i do n't understand this love reddit seems to have with russia in syria . 
  russia is just striking at the targets the west refuses to because of excessive civilian casualties . 
  i too remember the moment when we went from 0 % cross border interactions to 100 % the second schengen was implemented ... 
  and at no point did anyone say that they did . 
  the entire discussion centered around if state surveillance `` doing nothing '', 
  and how did russia know of the two chechen brothers ? 
  oh yes , that 's right , state surveillance ... 
  although of course , you forget the unlisted times that it did help ... 
  it also would have been a lot easier if russia had n't supported assad back when he was bombing civilians . 
  you know , back before isis was a strong presence ... 
  and yet they are . 
  when russia was outed on monday they also announced that the investigation is going on in a lot more countries than just them . 
  it just so happens that russia was such a big name , and such a big scale , that theirs was the first report to be completed and put out . 
  any , you know , actual evidence its them targeting politically motivated countries ? 
  they have an end date . 
  its when they fulfill the requirements and convince the inspectors and the iaff that they have changed . 
  just because your country does n't pay its athletes well , does n't mean it has no money for doping . 
  african and caribbean countries are famous for their corruption and bribes, 
  oh please . 
  different sects do n't even integrate in their own societies across the middle east , forget about them coming to a completley different culture and doing it ... 
  ah yes , leaving the rest of the eu to germany and frances will without a major opposition country . 
  how amazing that would be ... 
  its an entire thread , dedicated to bashing the uk for something that is normal diplomatic protocol . 
  pardon me if i 'm a little annoyed that the subs degraded into this sort of shit show . 
  which one ? 
  britain , doing the normal procedure for diplomats from any country , or st lucia , the one who actually appointed him ... 
  its literally just britain doing what it , and every country , does with every single other diplomat on the planet , yet somehow this managed to turn into an anti-uk circle jerk . 
  the issue , if you have one , lies with st lucia ... 
  the plane was flying from egypt to russia , thus it was planted in egypt ... 
  would you care to explain to me this amazing mental jump you 've made . 
  the uk has said no to allowing them to stay , 16 years ago . 
  for 16 years , the migrants have refused to leave until they get their demands met . 
  yet somehow this is the uk 's fault that they are still there ? 
  which is why after this incident we came to an agreement with the cypriot authorities that the new refugees would be theirs to deal with ... those stuck there for 16 years , have been stuck their of their own decision . 
  they want to enter britain via the military base . 
  britain said no . 
  they took the decision to remain for 16 years and whine about wanting to go to britain still ... 
  well in reality it would be closer to 1.5 million , but went with 1 mill as a lowball . 
  assuming 50-50 split of genders . 
  over-accounting for children as an additional million outside of the genders . 
  tbh you are n't so wrong . 
  it sounds dickish to say , especially since were asking other people to potentially give their lives , but if the people stood their ground and fought back , instead of just running , isis would be having a terrible time even holding the territory they have . 
  4 million syrian refugees . 
  assume 1 million are male ( as its more likely to be the men that fight in that culture ) . 
  now assume that say 50 % fought back . 
  thats a 500,000 strong army . 
  isis only has 250,000 at the higher ends of the estimates and potentially as low as 50,000 ... 
  yes , when there was much more separation between religion and state . 
  erdogan closed that gap , and thus the current situation . 
  sorry but you 'd be an idiot to think their is n't one ... lots of isis leadership just happen to be high ranking baath party or iraq army officials . 
  this shit again . 
  firstly their policy of dealing with the initial crisis was to purposefully not help out the banking sector . 
  yes it was shitty in the short term , but it helped them recover . 
  unfortunately it royally screwed over a number of countries , most notably the uk and the netherlands who had to take the hit from them , as the icelandic government refused to honor its obligations ... secondly , iceland has a population of 330,000 . 
  the city of leicester has a population of 330,000 . 
  what they do really has no economic impact on the rest of the world . 
  now , lets say the uk tried the same thing . 
  well were looking at an economic collapse that would make the 1930 's look like a comedy show ... 
  the majority of people are n't idiots ... 
  i 'm arguing that 10 % of the eu budget is still a huge amount of money , not that this is how it would come back to us ... 
  well lets face it schengen means nothing to us due to the channel , and we already have a prior agreement with ireland in relation to free travel . 
  besides , its hardly like schengen works for most of europe right now , like we 've been saying for years !, 
  eurozone is the same deal . 
  we said it would n't work due to indiscrepancies between economies . 
  got ignored . 
  got justified . 
  well lets put it this way . 
  when the entirety of southern europe was crying out for help , germany/france said no and ignored it . 
  then when it become a problem in hungary/bosnia , germany suddenly went against what the national demands were of 20 other countries and decided to accept anyone and everyone , and managed to screw everyone over . 
  germany did what it wanted for germany , and ignored the eu entirely . 
  eu budget 2015 : 145 billion euro 10 % = 14.5 billion euro 14.5 billion euro = 10.38 billion gbp the uk currently spends 11 billion gbp on university education . 
  or we could pay our 1.2 billion on social housing and 9 billion on waste management for the entire country so its actually quite a large thing when you think about it ... 
  tbh we 'd prefer number 3 as well . 
  it just means that a certain two countries ( france and germany ) will need to get off their high horse and start listening to us , and other countries , instead of forcing their own way against their will for most of us its not that we are anti-eu or anti-federal , its because its so fast , with so little control on our side , and its dominated by just them two . 
  one of the worlds biggest economies , leading member of nato , nuclear weapons , one of the worlds biggest militaries , one of the worlds biggest currencies , one of the worlds biggest cultural influences , one of the worlds biggest soft diplomatic powers , permament un security council seat , one of the worlds most spoken languages , one of the worlds biggest historical links to 20 + countries etc. 
  remind me again how we are n't still one of the worlds superpowers ? 
  yes america dwarfs all , but in the category of countries behind them , we dominate in so many ways, 
  i 'm pointing out that you saying the us abandoned us during the falklands war was false . 
  not trying to argue against your own agenda ... 
  and this is exactly the attitude that is terrible for the eu . 
  since the uk opposes an issue , and has the political power to maintain it stance in the eu , its seen as being a bad thing for the eu going forwards . 
  just because someone opposes something dosent make it bad ... hell , a lot of the smaller countries in the eu come out and agree with us on a lot of issues , its just they havent got such an equal say in things ( lets not pretend that the top club in the eu is n't france , germany and britain ), 
  and yet the author/publisher of the book has come out and said it is most likely a lie ...
