  it was however incredibly close geographically . 
  were talking approximately 700 miles . 
  your still on the same continent , with a similar standard of living . 
  syria is 1,800 miles away from germany . 
  you have to be incredibly determined to get to a specific country if your doing that journey . 
  you also have a much higher standard of living in germany . 
  why , its almost as if distance has a huge part to play . 
  the legit refugees go to the nearest safe countries . 
  in your instance one of the closest was germany . 
  in syria 's case its turkey . 
  these are the ones that will return . 
  those that have traveled further will have no desire to return . 
  he literally just told you how his daily life has changed . 
  its changed to the degree that his girlfriend is now scared of being out at night and is cancelling events , thus affecting him . 
  i imagine the issue of `` my girlfriend might be raped if she goes out celebrating '' is also in there ... 
  good job this was in france then ... 
  no , no , no , no . 
  do n't be silly . 
  its obviously the womens faults for putting themselves in harms way and going out to partake in the celebrations . 
  they should have stayed inside , with full clothing , and only left with a male family member to accompany them !, 
  as a large number of people in the country are not happy with the current relationship and want it talked about . 
  ukip only seem a small force due to the way our voting system works . 
  they got 4 million votes ( 12.6 % overall ) which is bigger than the snp and the lib dems combined . 
  if we had pr they would be the 3rd biggest party . 
  the javelin is a terrible example . 
  its not everywhere , it is just in the hands of countries that are friendly with america and are very unlikely to allow russia/china to get their hands on it . 
  its also still the most up to date american anti-tank missile and they know they would be idiots to allow any hostile nation to have a chance of getting their hands on it that way . 
  until of course you notice you 've given your best weapons technology into a conflict against russia . 
  russia will then learn from that and design counters to your technology and sell it on to other countries like china , north korea or iran . 
  these are all countries america dose n't want to have that technology for obvious reasons . 
  its a lot more complicated than just giving them weapons , and its the primary reason that what they have been given is minor technology that dose n't matter so much , and the veichles that were being used in iraq/afghanistan that are no longer needed . 
  ah yes the perfect way to calm down tensions . 
  lets send nato troops to fight and kill russian troops . 
  ca n't see any way that could go wrong at all ... 
  its a unintended side effect for a bomb to kill civilians when dropped from a bomber . 
  it still happens . 
  it can still constitute a war crime . 
  which is of course disgusting that we would hold one set of countries as a beacon of how to do things , and have others just do whatever the hell they want without criticism . 
  yes they are not signatories . 
  however under article 85 of the geneva convention , targeting a undefended location or the following : `` launching an indiscriminate attack affecting the civilian population or civilian objects in the knowledge that such attack will cause excessive loss of life , injury to civilians or damage to civilian objects '' is a war crime . 
  and since cluster weapons do exactly that , there is your illegality . 
  it does however amount to being a war crime under article 85 `` an indiscriminate attack affecting the civilian population in the knowledge that such an attack will cause an excessive loss of life or injury to civilians . '' '', 
  since they stay around and injure/kill civilians for years after it can easily be linked to this . 
  well lets be fair here . 
  if america/nato 's bombs were falling in market places with no military presence , or if they were striking command centres full of human shields , or if they were using illegal cluster ammunition , the world would be in a uproar and you wouldnt hear the end of it on reddit for weeks . 
  but because its russia , listen to the silence . 
  psssst , what if i told you immigaration dosent come from just the middle east . 
  theres this minor country relatively close to them , that you 've probably never heard of . 
  apparently the locals known it as `` russia '', 
  other than that minor issue where part of our territory was invaded by argentina and then had to be recaptured . 
  your not wrong in what your saying in the slightest , but being prepared dosent stop things from occurring . 
  france has been famous for being `` surrender monkeys '' since 1940 ... 
  but your france ... 
  well no , not really . 
  i , and i imagine hundreds of millions of people across europe , are not willing to give a single inch of ground to an ideology that wants to kill homosexuals , atheists and those that have left islam , and one that wants to run a seperate , islam-centric , justice system alongside the real one . 
  its literally a case of you either change your mindset to suit this one , or your incompatible with western civilization . 
  and yet i 'd take thought policing like that every single time over the common views of most muslims . 
  i mean , unless you would prefer people to be killed for leaving islam ? 
  or how about that minor issue with killing all homosexuals ? 
  oh , and do n't forget that little issue they have with what a womans role is in society , pretty sure that lasts ones going to piss off approxmilatley 50 % of the population, 
  the last country to attack us was also yours ... we got the fuck over it and try to be as civil as can be ... 
  your not wrong . 
  however its hardly israel that is prolonging this bloodshed . 
  they were willing to give up 97 % of all the palestinian demands in exchange for peace , and they were rejected . 
  in addition , the people israel are supposed to negotiate with hamas , who have written in their charter the ultimate goal of `` the obliteration of israel '' , its hardly surprising israel is unwilling to give in to their demands when they use violence to get their way . 
  it would however be defended like any other nato country if it were attacked , so it does no harm to be helpful along the way, 
  china dosent give a flying fuck . 
  china is still sucked up to . 
  ah yes . 
  the internal divisions of the french political parties explains why across europe right wing / previously unelectable parties are growing massively . 
  whats that in the sky ? 
  oh yes , its nato , coming to stop your little genocide ... 
  yeah . 
  screw the fact we actually need their oil to power our economies ... 
  i 'm english so i use the correct english spelling ... 
  the nazis did it . 
  the soviets did it . 
  the allies did it . 
  was it correct ? 
  was it war ? 
  yes . 
  the body was also mutilated by a bullet . 
  it would take nothing short of a computer to figure out the correct location to hit the person with 100 % accuracy when they are falling through the sky . 
  and last i remember , guns did n't come equipped with targeting computers ... 
  oh look , a racist shill ... 
  from the way your describing it , your making it sound like ensuring your soldiers have guns and ammo is combat ready . 
  thats pretty much rule # 1 when it comes to wars , and most , if not all countries do that by default ( heres looking at you north korea ) even if they are , in your words , `` defenseless '' its still more than 200 + countries around the world can do on the drop of a hat , including china , russia , and you guessed it , turkey ... 
  your saying the people on the ground might as well be turkish soldiers . 
  you also implied that because they are `` turkish soldiers '' they must have either known that the jet was russian , or not acted as normal soldiers would in that situation . 
  combat readiness in the local area ? 
  yes combat readiness overall ? 
  france and the uk are covered in combat experience from the last 5 years alone , nevermind the 20-30 your listing from . 
  ontop of that , the uk and france are probably the only countries worldwide , and that are n't america , that have legitimate force projection . 
  so i assume you have some form of evidence to prove the soldiers on the ground were in communication with the air force/command and were informed of the situation unfolding in the air ? 
  yes . 
  when he was on the ground already dead . 
  it would have been impossible to tell that it was a turkish plane engaging a russian plane . 
  its literally the first time its happened in 30 + years . 
  the only logical assumption was a coalition plane fighting a syrian army one . 
  they then fired shots up at him parachuting , they didnt really take the time to think `` oh , lets get the binoculars out , zoom in on his insignia , figure out what country that is '' .
