  the americans offered to let us borrow an aircraft carrier if ours got damaged . 
  thats a huge support . 
  * sigh * you elect the party not the leader . 
  it was the same argument from the other side of the coin when brown got into power , and now its the argument with may in power . 
  do n't worry , you were in the right with straits, 
  hadrian 's wall matches up nicely to the wall as well, 
  if your home is a warzone , you are a refugee and you claim refuge in the first safe country with camps etc. 
  set up . 
  you do n't travel across all of europe and sit in france for months trying to illegally enter the uk . 
  that is an economic migrant . 
  how is it ? 
  they are commiting crimes . 
  what you do with criminals is you arrest them , punish them , then send them back to their original countries as they entered france illegally . 
  its quite simple really . 
  these people are doing something that is against the law ( take your pick from illegally entering france , damaging private property ( the trucks ) , harrasment , assault , theft etc. 
  now then , what we do with criminals , is we arrest them , put them infront of a judge and jury , and after they have served time for a crime , we send them back to their host country ... do n't have a passport/documents ? 
  well then your shit out of luck , as your getting detained until you mysteriously remember what country you are from . 
  france could always do what it was supposed to do in the first place . 
  1 ) find illegal migrant 2 ) deport illegal migrant, 
  they are n't . 
  uk border police are there , in what is essentially a modern day fortress with all the walls and towers etc. 
  its a french problem with the `` immigrants '' camped outside it . 
  which would ultimately mean its a useless idea . 
  eu territory is under nato anyways , the big countries with a meaningful military also have overseas territory and would n't need the eu army . 
  so your stuck with germany , poland and a bunch of south east europe countries , many of whom hate each other anyways . 
  your flair tells me your from the netherlands , and my brain tells me you either live in a windmill , or spend your day in wooden clogs . 
  nothing wrong with that , but you do n't exactly have the moral high ground and on average your not the kindest , most social people the world has ever seen . 
  and yet its still pretty clear what i meant . 
  if it passed you by its as follows : `` stop being a cunt and labeling people based on their country of origin '' . 
  for all you know he is a palestinian muslim , a israeli jew or a god damn japanese mayan with views totally the opposite of what you believe he has ... '', 
  ah , i forgot we were being racist against entire countries . 
  no nation other than the uk has an obligation to defend the falklands , just as none have obligations to defend overseas spanish , french or portugese territory . 
  nato only applies within the confines of the vague north america - europe region . 
  just because the uk is n't part of the eu , dose n't mean the other nations would n't be . 
  if the french alone did n't join up , it would be seen as a useless army . 
  remember when the uk was n't going to join the eec ? 
  when eastern europe was n't going to join the eu ? 
  when south eastern europe was n't going to join the eu ? . 
  the world changes , events speed up and slow down . 
  neither of us know what the world or the eu will be like in 10 years . 
  maybe it will fall apart . 
  maybe ukraine/turkey will join ? 
  maybe israel/russia will join ? 
  maybe france/germany will leave ? 
  maybe greece will cause the euro to collapse ? 
  we both know its not going to happen anyways . 
  you will have an immense struggle convincing the citizens of eastern european countries that their soldiers need to sacrifice their lives to defend far off western european territories . 
  ( falklands or reunion for example ) in the same vein , you would struggle to get western citizens to have their troops defending eastern claims ( crimea for example ) hell , it gets worse when you consider inter-eu problems ( what if spain invaded gibraltar ? 
  would you help the spanish attack , help the british defend , or sit on the sidelines and prove your useless ? ), 
  a ) police not army b ) it is the law . 
  she broke the law . 
  c ) she is `` stripping down '' to a t-shirt and normal trousers . 
  d ) its degrading when western women travel to middle eastern countries and are forced to wear a burkha/nijab , yet they still obey the local laws . 
  just because you have freedom of religion , does not mean the religion has freedom . 
  if i formed a religion that allowed me to break any law i wanted and not be in trouble , you can be guaranteed it would be outlawed . 
  the issue being , one is about not wanting to get burned , the other is a religious statement that is against the cultural values of the country , and is seen as degrading to women , and helps foster that a large number of people in a country are separate and not integrated into society . 
  screw it , off to worship tzneetch i go !, 
  you can . 
  i have before . 
  you know , we have these things we call `` t shirt and shorts '' , and these things we call a `` dress '' . 
  they are exactly like any other human being would wear in western society when its hot , but is n't wanting to strip to the bare minimum . 
  its also their way of letting us know it was 10:30 at night on a wednesday night , where the majority of people in the uk are asleep/not at work . 
  the national front is gaining popularity by the day , that at the very least , is the french people giving a damn . 
  germany is a different nut to crack , purely because its rather terrified of its own history when it comes to radical political figures . 
  the reality is nowadays , that as soon as you hear of an attack , the first thought is instantly `` let me guess , islam again '', 
  yes !, 
  lets stop trading with that huge economy sat just off our border . 
  nothing bad could ever come of that ... 
  wow . 
  i never thought i 'd see someone defend a politician for acting like an utter arse and getting drunk at an official diplomatic meeting , but here we are . 
  i am literally just replying to a comment saying that scotland could do a referendum unilaterally . 
  why the hell are you asking me how they could do it ? 
  it should be bytewave ... 
  i 'm not self righteous at all . 
  hell , i want scotland to have another vote if thats what it wants to do . 
  i 'm pointing out that its rather stupid to do it without agreement with the government as nobody is going to recognize what is essentially a rogue state . 
  its like it catalonia or texas broke away without consent , nobody will recognise them as the bigger country sits right there . 
  oh please . 
  the international community is n't about to recognise , what is essentially a rather small country of 6 million people , and piss off the 60 million one for it ... 
  you can guarantee that if an army started invading/attacking ireland that british forces would start moving to defend ireland the second we heard about it . 
  its like with siblings , were fine harassing/annoying them , but someone random does it , and all hell breaks lose . 
  ah yes , lets indiscriminately punish thousands of people , most of whom had nothing to do with the violence . 
  that 's bound to calm things down ... 
  ah yes , lets tie the tax levels of countries with massively different economic bases and economic problems together , coupled with their vastly different need for these taxes . 
  i 'm sure nothing could ever go wrong with that . . 
  and the countries that joined before a closer union was on the cards . 
  do they not get a say ? 
  nah , just stick a spare army on it and crush them when they spawn . 
  even better with the mountain bonus !, 
  damn . 
  when did the native penguin population of the falklands learn about the diplomatic channels required to present this argument to the un ? 
  well you see , our elected do this thing known as `` asking '' if we could continue our contribution afterwards . 
  at that point its up to your elected officials to decide `` hmmm , do the positive 's of this , outweigh the negatives '' if they do they say `` yes '' if not they say `` no '' . 
  what have we done to deserve it ? 
  other than being a founding member of the organisastion and contributing heavily to it financially for all those years ( 4th highest amount ) ? 
  other than providing the technical knowledge , mechanical engineering ability and being one of the few to provide actual astronauts for missions ? 
  oh , and we would n't be the only `` non-eu '' member that funds the esa and gets benefits . 
  their is this country called `` canada '' that does that already ... 
  lots of treaties like this can easily be rewritten in the event of brexit but britain still wanting to contribute ... 
  nope , you are for sure correct , it is 19 % now , my figures i looked at were not up to date .
