  furthermore , they are n't fleeing any conflict when they arrive in greece , bulgaria , romania , hungary , macedonia , albania , serbia , bosnia . 
  these are all safe countries with no wars . 
  the only reason they move into countries like germany or sweden is for purely economic migrant reasons , not refugee . 
  these `` refugees '' are literally coming from that location . 
  so by your own definition they themselves must be barbaric people . 
  why would we ever want that in europe ? 
  damn i must have missed a lot . 
  since when was their a war waging from turkey right up to croatia , engulfing the 5 other countries between them as well !, 
  someone has n't eaten fish and chips !, 
  i do n't think many pedestrians would be too happy with you taking away their only source of lighting ... 
  if someones coming at you from the right in the uk your either : `` at a roundabout '' `` at a t - junction waiting to merge '' `` driving on the wrong side '' and in all cases they have the right of way, 
  so what ? 
  99.99 % of the time you should never beat anyone . 
  your missing the point . 
  when germany is able to get its way and force this on smaller countries without taking into consideration their view , that is not a union , that is a vassal state . 
  once global warming and africas overpopulation kick in within the next 20 years , you can for sure expect deadly force to become widely accepted . 
  plans are already floating around to sanction those who refuse to take in `` refugees '' , so our opt-out agreement is going to be pretty worthless . 
  if germany/austria had n't started ww1 the ottomans would have endured and prevented this shit fest in the middle east . 
  thus we should blame germany . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me/the eu is dumb '' ... 
  so we should n't be fighting those who have a fetish for beheading civilians ? 
  great idea ... 
  dialogue with argentina ? 
  we tried that before even though they had 0 legal rights regarding the islands . 
  they invaded instead ... 
  well you see we have these things known as `` walls '' as well as these things known as `` gates '' . 
  they do a rather good job at physically preventing people from crossing . 
  in addition we have these things we like to call `` soldiers '' and `` police '' and they do a pretty good job of manning these `` walls '' and preventing people getting over where they should n't . 
  those un camps lie all around syria right now ... perhaps when europe finally grows some balls and prevents migrants rushing in , other countries around syria who are n't pulling their weight will actually start taking care of the refugees instead . 
  do n't forget the entire `` we should n't be bombing isis '' and the `` lets give the falklands to argentina '' issues !, 
  no its not . 
  you man the border with turkey and physically prevent anyone from crossing over , therefore stop people walking in . 
  those that come across on the boats and are successful are picked up and deposited right back in a un camp . 
  its not rocket science . 
  the uk did n't help by accepting every and all migrant . 
  that would be retarded . 
  we took those we considered to be most and risk in addition to providing the biggest monetary aid to them . 
  couple that with the fact were actually fighting isis as well ... 
  european values in 2015 are not the same european values from 1975 or 1935 and wo n't be the same in 2055, 
  redditor for a day and already exposing his inner racist credentials . 
  how cute ... 
  pretty lucky that bus was n't further up the road though as well, 
  nearly every single international agencies who deals with plane crashes like this has said russia has either directly done this , or provided the means to do this to its rebels in ukraine . 
  we have tracking of the buk system entering eastern ukraine , and then leaving it in a hurry . 
  official communication both in military channels , and from the propaganda wing on twitter claiming to have downed a ukranian plane at the exact time mh17 was hit . 
  and yet , because russia denies it , all that evidence means nothing to you ? 
  thats actually really brilliant . 
  wo n't happen because it would fuck up so many things , but i 'd love for it to happen :d, 
  people who enjoy bullfighting revel in the suffering of the animals . 
  tough shit if we revel in their suffering in kind . 
  this is such a french answer its brilliant :d, 
  oh please . 
  told he will be deported . 
  suddenly he commits a major crime and now gets to live in sweden for 20 + years in a nice prison where he is fed and safe from external harm . 
  no new thread in 8 days . 
  no new updates on the thread in 5 days . 
  its not like their have been riots by immigrants in kos , an immigrant stabbing people in sweden to avoid deportation , and constant trouble at the uk/france border at calais ... oh , but the mods still find time to delete comments in there and any threads out here ... 
  ah yes , this is how we solve problems , by ignoring them ... 
  oh please . 
  nobody has ever provided evidence that the us would be interested in extraditing him ( and even if that was the case , they sort of do have a good reason to want to ... ) ontop of this the extradition would need to be approved by the uk and sweden . 
  two countries that are modern western democracies and are likely to take into considerations any problems with an extradition . 
  and then you have eu courts ontop of that he would be able to appeal to . 
  the chinese were blocked from the iss for a very good reason . 
  they had a habit of abusing the cooperation agreements , and instead used it to steal technology for their own systems . 
  all discussion about greece must now be placed in one specific thread , long abandoned by the mods , in which any lengthy or in depth discussion will be swiftly moved on as new topics are posted . 
  posting anywhere else , or complaining about this , will be deleted . 
  is this an acceptable solution for you ? 
  one is still some ... 
  do n't get me wrong , they are n't causing a problem with their financial instability etc. 
  its because of their sizes . 
  the economy of the uk dwarfs both of them ( seriously , london alone has a bigger economy than all of bulgaria ) . 
  its needs from a currency are completely different from that of rom/bul and tying them together limits all countries in what they are able to do to control their vastly different economies . 
  glad to know that germany invaded ukraine and that caused it as well ... 
  just because you think its batshit insane to link your financial security with countries like bulgaria and romania dose n't mean we want to leave the union . 
  its more a case of trying to make them understand how stupid that is and find a better way . 
  just because someone is from a part of the eu does not in any sense of the word make them integrated . 
  people from greece , bulgaria , romania are culturally different to those from britain , france and spain , just as each of the 3 are different to each other . 
  its still a country ... 
  why , its almost as if you 've got to pay back the money you 've borrowed from other people as per the terms you already agreed with them ... 
  people have a right to disagree with your opinion / not to have read it yet . 
  oh please , its hardly like the uk has n't taken hits in this entire crisis , and hardly like we wo n't again . 
  remember that entire bit where iceland decided `` nah , we wo n't pay anyone '' which screwed both us and the netherlands over . 
  until of course , that `` transgression '' turns into something serious like rape ... 
  it just happens in next door syria instead ... 
  they also climb underneath and hold on , cut through canvas sides and stitch it back up etc. 
  its not as simple as sticking a better padlock on it ... 
  as we simply are not america . 
  since its inception , the notion of having independent states with their own budgets etc. 
  has been key to their development , and using fiscal transfers to support weaker states has been a part of that . 
  in europe it has never been that way , coupled with how we 've seen eastern european countries fake their budgets , and the reluctance of the stronger western economies to bail them out , its just a situation that will not happen by 2025 . 
  or it could cost millions of euros . 
  its hardly like the same economic policy that works for germany would work for portugal or would work for greece . 
  well we are n't french so we have a big thing going for us already !, 
  ah yes , i remember all those `` trends '' of worldwide governments from the past ... 
  i 'm talking about the entire problem , not just one element of it . 
  it was easier to use that label for everything instead of specifically sectioning it out and dulling the messsage . 
  indeed . 
  because it is sat right next to an active warzone . 
  now , take your figures from before the warzone happened , and you will find they are very comparable to each other . 
  also worth pointing out turkey has the 18th largest economy by gdp , including higher than sweden , switzerland and belgium ...
