  you mean other than those we already take in anyways ... 
  because we can !, 
  i can think of no reason why we should be denied the cake , provided we bake one in return . 
  british cooking . 
  were fucked . 
  so secure identical trade agreements removing the tarrifs for both parties , and strip security back to stage it is currently at . 
  you do n't need the eu to implement these things , when you already have 2 willing participants . 
  a fair few governments have plans for things like first contact and a zombie apocalypse as well :p, 
  and the uk would still gain it if it left as well ... its hardly like the rest of europe is about to throw a sulk and collectively decide not to trade with the uk at all ... 
  which would be great if the majority of people voted conservative purely for the eu exit . 
  however they did n't people voted for many reasons . 
  in addition , all the polls are showing we do n't want to leave the eu , but that we are also unhappy with it . 
  we 've been wanting reform in the eu for a while now , and have always been ignored . 
  is n't it amazing that before the conservatives got back into power , all the upper leaders of the eu were saying it would never happen . 
  now they are in power though , its all ears to try and keep us in ... you throw that article at me as if i should disagree with it . 
  i do n't . 
  the host countries should pay the benefits of those in other countries who are unemployed , at the rate those in the countries are normally paid . 
  the issue many british citizens have is the number of those from poorer countries travelling over and using the system . 
  ( should also note the irish figures should n't be included on the graph , we have an agreement with them in regards to this stuff that is outside the eu structure ), 
  yes . 
  i didnt realise it was a crime to choose a party that was willing to offer us a choice on something the majority of the country are n't sure they willingly signed up for . 
  the uk is n't sold on being a eu member , pure and simple , we need a national discussion on the benefits , the downsides , and more importantly , how the eu can be improved not just for us , but for others . 
  you tarred an entire nation as being anti-european purely because it was britain , and the way they voted , and simultaneously wrote off their entire opinion on an issue because it is n't the one you subscribe to . 
  subtle racism is best racism ... 
  whilst they were the kingmaker , the lib dems were for sure not the ones in real power between 2010-2015 , and didnt get very many of their real policies through either . 
  they were just a way to get the majority really . 
  and yet the continent with the most democracy , is considered to be the best continent for standard of living , healthcare , education , lack of war etc. 
  nato did not invade afghanistan , did not bomb libya and did not invade iraq . 
  a collection of allied countries that are part of nato did these actions , not nato itself . 
  other examples include britain in the falklands and france in mali . 
  these are countries inside nato acting independently . 
  edit : as / u/nyxisto pointed out , nato did infact invade afghanistan . 
  i forgot the us invoked article 5 because of 9/11, 
  which is a ) still entirely possible inside of nato b ) junker wanted a non-aggressive european army . 
  essentially just a defensive allliance , thus nato . 
  which is what you get with nato really anyways : s, 
  you seem to be under the amazing delusion that canada wouldnt be able to drive across a border ... you also seem to be under the impression that countries do n't commandeer civilian liners to transport their troops . 
  it happened in ww1 it happened in ww2 it happened in the falklands and it will happen in this situation as well ... 
  well you see canada has this thing they call the `` canadian army '' , they would probably use that , in combination with their `` airforce '' and `` navy '' to attack hostile forces ... to clarify , the same britain that had the ability to transport its army to the falklands on commercial liners , would n't have the ability to transfer their army , to the much closer america , on commercial liners ? 
  every other country in europe would also be able to employ this method ... 
  besides , its not like its going to be a sneak attack on america that renders them unable to defend themselves , it would have to be a massive buildup of troops and equipment beforehand , which would have european allies building up their own abilities anyways ... 
  canada is able to pop down and have fun almost instantly . 
  european allies invented these things known as `` ships '' and `` planes '' which can be used to transport a collection of people or cargo anywhere in the world ... 
  actually moravia is part of the czech republic , which was part of czechoslovakia , which was a protectorate of nazi germany , which in turn was a evolution from the weimar republic and the german reich , which due to its effort in ww1 destabilized the ottoman empire , which was keeping those lands relatively peaceful . 
  so in a way , you should be paying for fucking it up in the first place ... 
  all countries have ancient laws that do n't get changed as either a ) they still work or b ) not worth the hassle as its useless . 
  for example , it is illegal to both die in the houses of parliment , and to enter it in a suit of armour, 
  and yet its israel who gave away gaza in an attempt to promote peace . 
  all they got in return was suicide bombings and rocket attacks . 
  america . 
  china . 
  yes . 
  1 ca n't reach us , and the other is right now an ally . 
  does n't mean you should n't be prepared/developing technology . 
  countries opposed to further eu integration have a right to have their voices heard and their views taken into consideration . 
  if their biggest voice of dissent goes , then why would anyone listen to them anymore . 
  why should france/germany give a damn about eurosceptism in the netherlands for example . 
  the netherlands ca n't influence policy in any substantial form , and they ca n't just say `` oh we will leave then '' as they are too closely linked now to go any other way . 
  i 'm responding directly to his hypothetical situation ... 
  and does that not worry you ? 
  lots of countries have problems with integration , some want it , some do n't , the uk just happens to have the loudest voice . 
  if we left , that does not mean the other countries views are any less important , or any less valid and they should be respected . 
  the fact that europe would speed up integration because they lost the biggest opponent is incredibly worrying . 
  our royals act as figureheads only , and are an amazing diplomatic tool . 
  nobody gives a damn about a french diplomat going to meet obama . 
  america went mad when william and kate went over there . 
  our `` lords '' are essentially like the american congress , just its more stupid than that given they are put into place by the political parties , but more intelligent given many are experts in their respective fields and they do hold the commons accountable . 
  its also something we are wanting to reform . 
  compare it to the eu , where exactly 0 european country voters , were asked if they wanted junker as head . 
  ... everyone who has a modicum of common sense knows that the nazi 's = hitler 's germany . 
  saying `` communist 's '' means very little as a wide range of countries were communist, 
  something , something . 
  us something , something . 
  their fault for being too close to us something , something . 
  poland is a bad country . 
  something , something . 
  russia defending herself from imperialist pigs !, 
  there is a very popular web series known as `` stop a douchebag '' that is russian , and tries to fight this problem . 
  maybe if you stop seeing everything as `` the evil west said something bad about russia , therefore its propaganda against us '' , and instead recognize it as a legitimate problem that needs solving , then you might get it solved ... 
  should be pointed out this stat would include norwegians influencing it . 
  italy also had colonies in africa where the language was learned , so you would continue to get screwed over ... 
  uk would have the opt out clause/referndum to stop it happening . 
  its going to completely fuck over france and italy though . 
  ah , i forgot . 
  if we do n't like something , we call it `` non-real '' . 
  germany had the good sense to admit to its wrongs right away and repent , coupled with the fact it was controlled by the allies . 
  russia still has an issue admitting it even occupied parts of eastern europe between 1945-1990 . 
  its also a very good point . 
  why is he holding one country up as the pinnacle of stupidity and evil in the world , whilst ignoring the exact same actions of another country , purely because he happens to like the other one ? 
  were you equally critical when russia bombed hospitals just this week ? 
  the point of a democracy is also to listen to other points of view . 
  it comes to something when we have to go as far as threatening to leave to have people listen to our views ... 
  i know . 
  how dare we disagree with something ... 
  yes a country like that . 
  probably one that has a quite astonishing military force to back it up , maybe one that could take the baltic states within 3-4 days if the most recent war games are anything to go by . 
  i know . 
  i mean , can you imagine if their was some big country near europe that had a history of annexing territory and occupying it for years without end , whilst fighting an ideological war with the west . 
  good job their isnt any country like that is n't it ... 
  yes no land border .
