  i believe that was what he was implying we do ... 
  you mean other than leaving thousands of tons of fish dead but not actually fished ? 
  all i got from that was that the french do n't like our rebate calling it `` the british cheque '' , but then they take the majority of the money anyways ... 
  to fine us 250,000 per day , simply because we 've done it everywhere but northern ireland due to some minor issues is laughable ... 
  originally posted by wobblewagon , i feel it appropriate to post his comment here . 
  who says it 's opt-outs for some ? 
  the whole argument is that other countries should have the same ability to take opt outs . 
  note in the speech the other day the pm mentioned france and the uk in mali , but that other countries should n't feel compelled or obligated or in part accountable . 
  effectively an opt out . 
  he argued that small and medium sized businesses should be somewhat freed from overzealous regulation ; that 's something that spain was calling for and could have done with during the crisis . 
  not just uk companies , for european companies . 
  agriculture : by the same meter it is only mature to acknowledge that european economies are not the same . 
  when half the eu budget goes towards cap , and yet when the uk has some of the largest , most efficient farms , but obviously fewer of them in total number , the cap does n't represent uk farms for the better , but allows continental farms to close the gap . 
  the scottish even forced information using the freedom of information act . 
  in it they found that corporations like nestle and tate & lyle had received billions over the last decade , whilst the average scottish farmer had only received # 9,000 per annum . 
  why are we subsidising huge corporations that already turn massive profits ? 
  from the uk perspective the uk wants to be able to take nothing from cap and , if subsidies are necessary , to be able to tailor them for their own needs , to the most deserving , out of their own pocket . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11216061 http://capreform.eu/return-of-the-butter-mountain/ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn96jz5v7fq&amp;feature=player_embedded http://farmsubsidy.org/gb/ fishing : people are all too fond of reminding the uk that they 're an island on the corner of europe . 
  that also means we have a massive amount of coastline for our size and we have a large sea on one side and a large ocean on the other . 
  when the spanish joined the cfp the size of the european shipping fleet doubled in size . 
  for 30 years since the uk , and conservationists , have argued constantly for meaningful reform . 
  every year 800,000 tonnes of fish are dumped back into british waters ( british under international maritime law ) , dead , because of policy which has turned out to be impossible to reform . 
  completely counter productive to economy and conservation . 
  being an island this hits the uk disproportionately hard . 
  dropping out of the cfp would provide the uk with an extra # 2.5 bn a year before counting the extra costs of bureaucracy attached to managing the cfp ; preserving a dying industry , removing some of the most harmful practices in uk waters , stopping over fishing through the numbers of ships , and providing a huge boon to conservation . 
  that 's not to say that the cfp could n't continue on its own without the uk , but after 30 years , and a decade review last year which delivered nothing meaningful , the uk is being hardest hit , and continues to be so . 
  http://www.wwf.eu/what_we_do/fisheries/publications_fisheries/?203690 http://www.taxpayersalliance.com/cfp.pdf http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1570437/labour-threw-away-uk-fishing-industry.html http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012/02/23/common-fisheries-policy-fish-thrown-back-eu-european-commission_n_1296449.html http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0308597x12000425 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=zpjq62dsvn8# trade : to address the uk 's need for a trade commissioner . 
  the uk economy is unique to europe . 
  just as the economy differs greatly between north and south europe , the uk in turn differs from the north with far more emphasis on finance and services . 
  this means that when an eu trade commissioner goes on an overseas delegation on behalf of the whole eu , the uk 's needs are not indicative . 
  when the eu sent a delegation to india , india specifically had one thing on its bucket list : financial services . 
  the uk had one thing on its bucket list : financial services . 
  the indians and uk were frustrated and manacled to negotiating around textiles and farming for months . 
  are we expected to believe an eu commissioner best represents uk financial services when the uk , along with the czech republic , were the only two states which refused the eu fiscal compact ? 
  the uk does n't need to be part of a large trading bloc , although it can still be part of that bloc and expect those trading through it with europe to meet all the eu requirements , because of what its products are . 
  we do n't need to intimidate china to get a great deal any more than germany needs to intimidate south america to get them to drive german cars . 
  they want high end machinery designed to make cheap low end products - they come to the uk . 
  if they want to extenuate a global footprint in finance , it 's london . 
  they want high end innovation , financial services and banking , top grade pharmaceuticals and chemicals . 
  we do n't need the eu to help sell these . 
  we also should n't need the eu to trade with countries whom we share a head of state with !, 
  it 's not an argument of empire . 
  the commonwealth is built on recognising full sovereignty of others . 
  it 's just that through a fluke of history we find ourselves with a shared language , culture and history outside the eu , as well as having links to the eu , and going through the eu does n't help the uk in these matters e.g. 
  switzerland should not be able to negotiate a free trade agreement with canada faster than the uk . 
  http://www.indiaeveryday.in/finance/fullnews-germany-frustrated-over-stagnation-in-india-eu-free-trade-1023-3248713.htm http://www.ukip.org/content/video-zone/2486-eu-hampers-uk-trade-with-taiwan http://www.theworkfoundation.com/downloadpublication/report/198_198_india_final2.pdf http://www.democracymovementsurrey.co.uk/britainoutsidetheeu.html political integration/sovereignty : then there 's the matter of federalism . 
  in 1975 edward heath said , `` fears that we shall in some way lose sovereignty or independence are , i need hardly say , completely unjustified . '', 
  that is how the uk voted . 
  they never wanted political unity or judicial courts . 
  for almost 40 years now it 's small wonder that the uk has grown increasingly concerned . 
  they 've even been arguing for this debate since 1992 and maastricht . 
  every time they secure opt outs and vetoes , legally and which others agree to , and then are harassed when they choose to exercise them . 
  the uk response to this is now fair : you may have your federalism and the uk will never step in your way again . 
  eu countries should n't however be bullied into either this vision of the eu or nothing . 
  let those that wish to go down that route , do so , but also let those that wish for a more flexible economic vision retain that too . 
  there is no reason why it ca n't happen . 
  also , you should stop forcing countries into a currency as a necessary cost of joining europe . 
  the uk is actually saying it will continue to be a net contributor , will continue contributing in european projects and defence . 
  it is saying it will get out of the way of federalism and deeper political integration for those members that need it . 
  it is also saying that over regulation , commitment to wasteful and detrimental programmes for member states who they do n't represent , is killing competition within the eu , which is why countries in the eu are finding themselves forced to request bailouts . 
  that the eu can have both : further integration and homogeneity for those that need it in the euro , flexibility based around the common market for those that do n't and are n't . 
  the debate currently is n't in or out , nor should it be allowed to be framed as such : it 's reform , until 2015 at least . 
  the debate for in or out is simple , since that 's what you asked for : the uk is already a signatory of the eeaa which guarantees the four freedoms i.e. 
  the common market , signed outside of the eu and maastricht/lisbon . 
  as such all the above arguments for uk and eu reform still apply to the potential uk exit . 
  eea contributions are considerably less than those of the eu , and the uk would only have to agree to regulations relating to the common market . 
  using the icelandic ratio that means approximately only ~ 7 % of them - whilst retaining all the benefits for the uk , control of the agriculture and fishing , and flexibility in trade outside the eu whilst still being a member of the common market . 
  `` a report by the efta secretariat in brussels for the icelandic foreign ministry that was published in may 2005 , only some 6.5 % of eu regulations , directives and decisions had fallen under the eea agreement over the first eleven years of its existence , a total of 2,527 pieces of legislation . 
  of those only 101 required a change to icelandic laws already in place . '', 
  if more uk people knew that , there would n't be need for a debate !, 
  http://www.taxpayersalliance.com/eu/2011/11/european-countries-enjoy-relationship-eu.html http://www.efta.int/~/media/documents/legal-texts/eea/the-eea-agreement/main%20text%20of%20the%20agreement/eeaagreement.pdf, 
  yes they are entirely likely committing war crimes with that `` double tap '' move , which would be what the un is investigating . 
  the legality of actually doing the strikes in the first place is n't being called into question, 
  theres no better way to make us anti-eu then to fine us for something most would think laughable . 
  exactly the point though , it it takes this long to reform something in the eu , then its broken . 
  i could have walked to brussels , written a list of problems , written a list of solutions , and told people to make it happen , and then walk back home . 
  all in the time it apparently takes to say `` so you know , something is n't quite right here '' hell , lets hope the north sea is n't unfishable after we wait another 5 years for people to get off their arses and fix it ... 
  like that cap reform we were promised for giving up 25 % of our rebate , 10 years ago ? 
  when exactly did that reform happen ? 
  oh wait it has n't yet . 
  what about the fishery reform . 
  we 've been harping on about it for ages , yet fuck all has happened !, 
  redditors not from the uk : can you provide facts proving that the uk will be better of staying in the european union ? 
  ah yes , someone who is really influential in british politics ... 
  everybody is naked , it just takes one person to point it out though . 
  sorry , ca n't hear you over the sound of our rebate ... 
  better 10 years late than not at all i suppose ... 
  thing is , this is one of those important issues . 
  we are n't the only country with its gripes with the eu , but were damn well one of the biggest and more than willing to throw our weight around if we have to . 
  perhaps a vote for proportional representation , you know that thing that we were originally wanting ... 
  although of course since they wont lose links to the eu markets ( neither side is going to want to negotiate this away ) , your point is rather redundant ... 
  a choice between the status quo , and a severely diluted voting system that we never said we wanted, 
  are you able to show me where i said that ? 
  i 'm pointing out that these are not refugees anymore , but economic migrants , and need to be treated exactly as we would any other illegal migrant . 
  if that means erecting fences , providing support for southern countries to process/send back , policing the med , then thats what we need to collectively do ... 
  yes they do , as a migrant . 
  migrants go through the correct legal framework for moving to a specific country . 
  refugees are fleeing from a conflict and their are a wide range of camps for them to go , including several from the un in a safe country ( turkey ) . 
  these are all well defended , food and water are supplied , clothing , schooling , medical aid etc. 
  the second they decide to move into europe , they transfer away from being a refugee and instead become a migrant .
