  russia is n't stupid . 
  they are fully aware that any move into europe would get them a full blown war with all of nato , and quite probably the remaining eu countries . 
  edit : seriously , downvotes for saying russia is n't stupid ? 
  tbh pretty much all the `` ex-soviet '' states felt the nazi 's were saving them . 
  hell units from romania and the ukraine fought with them for a while . 
  and ships cost money to operate ... 
  where did i ever say it was 100 ad . 
  until we invent transporters , were still need to get all of our exports and imports into the country via sea or air , and that costs money . 
  that cost is then passed on to the consumer ... 
  why its almost as if one is an island nation , and the other is connected to the entirety of europe and asia by road ... 
  norway cheats and has lots of oil with little population though :p, 
  well lets just remember that a lot of those `` very blue '' countries in the east still have a lot of `` easy '' growth from getting them into the modern world after the ussr . 
  we want to punish them , not commit war crimes ... 
  so since you can not go against the arguments , you seek to nitpick the grammar instead . 
  might i remind you of this travesty you used in your first comment . 
  `` why boats used to tank in the haven . '', 
  i was n't going to pick it out , especially since your not a native speaker , but if you want to be an ass on purpose , then expect it back ... 
  sinking concrete blocks is a legitimate tactic to encourage the growth of a reef , and thus increase the fish in the area.that is why we sink a lot of old ships that ca n't really be stripped down profitably ... 2 . 
  nuclear submarines would make 0 impact on the water in the area . 
  in addition its a naval base , what did you really expect to be using it ? 
  jumping up and down saying `` they do n't have territorial water '' does n't really make it true . 
  it is defined by international law , and not by jumping around . 
  that `` warship '' was already going there . 
  we are conducting training exercises in the area , that have been going on for a good number of years now , at this time , every year . 
  that much was even confirmed by the spanish government ... 
  yeah , your just fearmongering here . 
  india has an enormous issue with its caste system that makes any problems china faces with nationalists look tiny in comparison . 
  when i saw his posts i simply assumed he was trolling . 
  why its almost as if in 1939-1940 russia did n't give a damn and just sent conscripts charging across fragile ice sheets ... 
  legit question . 
  how does having nuclear weapons affect your life on a everyday basis , and how would it be solved by not having them ? 
  ssssh this is reddit . 
  only pro-snowden/anti-obama is a guaranteed way to get karma right now . 
  its not a colony , it is part of britain . 
  lets be blunt here . 
  the majority of europe has major issues with gypsies . 
  they are a law unto themselves and refuse any attempts at integrating into society , be it even the basics of staying in specially designated land . 
  crime rates spike in the area they settle in , with no real way to prosecute owing to the mob mentality . 
  local residents live in fear of what they will do , not even trusting the children to be decent human beings . 
  and lets not mention the devastation to the fields when they eventually move on . 
  government and police in all countries have no idea how to deal with the problems they cause , and well lets face it neither do we . 
  personally i ca n't help but feel europe needs to do something to break the gypsy culture , its a leech on society and effects everybody for the benefit of the very few . 
  obviously i would n't advocate the extreme measures certain other countries tried in the past , but at the very least , i feel that there has to be an effort to force them to settle down in houses , where the children can get a real education and finally break the cycle . 
  why , its almost as if a sizable group would need to be asking for independence before they were given a vote ... 
  besides we both know it would just turn into another `` falklands vote '' where a bigger country tries to claim ownership , we give the island a vote , and 99.7 % of all the people vote to change nothing ... 
  yeah i 'm not too sure your going to find any brit 's that are annoyed at gibraltar for taking a stand against spain 's aggressive fishing policy . 
  silly spain , do n't you remember when little brother argentina threw a paddy about british owned islands near them ? 
  maybe because they are ... just because they oppose israel does not instantly make them saints . 
  on the comment about preventing war , its best not to simply place it solely down to the eu . 
  nato has a ridiculous influence on forcing nations to work together militarily and on preventing war , probably much more influential than anything the eu could have hoped to do . 
  you might also want to read a new article about the economic situation across all of europe , nobody can afford to pay anybody right now ... 
  scotland is just a technicality of how their devolved government works , same with northern ireland . 
  give them a little while and it will just go through without a care in the world . 
  is this part of the evil conservative conspiracy ? 
  it would n't just mean farmers working in the dark though . 
  the entire rush hour and school run would be shifted into darkness , which quite obviously should be done in the daylight . 
  next week you will be here spouting that cameron is literally hitler ... 
  its not just the book itself though , its what the book describes as normal behaviour in the eu . 
  i.e limo 's everywhere , 4 people to deliver a single letter etc. 
  silly spain , your spain not argentina ... 
  its puppies and kittens everywhere . 
  silly europe , if anything this will only make uk train tickets increase by yet another 10 % ... 
  took long enough to fix the problem though did n't it . 
  it really should n't take a mass outcry by the public to force something as essential as overfishing to be stopped . 
  not really . 
  all of them have issues with muslims integrating into society/getting on with each other . 
  you could probably add the likes of indonesia into there as well, 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fe5a71a-bf10-11e2-a9d4-00144feab7de.html#axzz2tb6z2ish http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/story/2013/05/17/business-eu-olive-oil.html http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/eu-ban-reusable-olive-oil-bottles-eateries-19200128, 
  did you get repeatedly dropped on your head as a child ? 
  does n't matter . 
  we could put william , kate , harry and the queen on stage , doing an amazing tribute to freddie mercury , and we would still struggle to get over 20 points . 
  correct , france is n't heading for a triple-dip reccession . 
  its already there ... 
  other than that bit where him , and the other minority leaders were completed excluded from the election debates ... 
  please do n't skip out other statistics to show support for your view . 
  yes your correct that on the 14th january 2013 the tns bmrb poll showed a 48 % support for for the union however it also showed 28 % want independence , the lowest support for that as well ... 
  britain established its first colony there in 1765 - 1770 , and when they left , did so maintaining the islands were still a british colony . 
  argentina did not declare independence from spain until 1816 . 
  so in effect , we `` colonised '' the islands before argentina even existed . 
  if you take a selection of children from poverty , pretty much anywhere else in europe , and give them the test then you will find this is not the result . 
  whilst poverty can = low iq it is never the only factor . 
  get out of here with your logic and reason !, 
  who says we need either poison : s, 
  my god no . 
  we would much sooner jump blindly into bed with europe , than ever become part of the usa . 
  you north east and california we might be fine with , but the rest of you drag it down immensely . 
  why its almost as if when you give people a reason to dislike something , they will gradually start to dislike it ... 
  silly germany . 
  dont make us come over there again -_-, 
  well good luck with that one ... 
  well , shits about to get serious . 
  one side refuses to negotiate unless assad goes , the other refuses when the rebels have equal say . 
  this will get nowhere , as per all the other discussion, 
  neither could be the sole regional power as they were competing with equally strong powers ( france , germany , united kingdom ) . 
  turkey on the other hand only has to worry about israel ( who for obvious reasons wo n't do too well at leading the other countries around them ), 
  i know , how dare they have an opinion different to yours ... 
  do you see hollande singling out the leaders from holland , netherlands , denmark etc. 
  really ? 
  because you know he took over a whole fucking lot of eastern europe . 
  having just come here from / r/runescape i was completely thrown with the mention of that name .
