well thats sort of what happens when you group 28 individual economies together , including 4 of the top 10 in the world ... 
  it also means very little as those economies are n't exactly integrated together anymore than they would be outside the eu . 
  its just a handy container for them all . 
  ah yes . 
  all those thousands of years before the eu existed , where we were begging for something like the eu to come along and save our obviously terrible economy ... oh wait sorry , i forgot that were the 6th biggest economy worldwide . 
  and that the eu 's economy is falling further down the drain on every passing day ... 
  `` if you jump off this bridge , you will die '' vs `` if you jump off this bridge , their is a 50 % chance you will hit the safety net '' add into it a reason to force the choice to happen ( take your picks from genocide , bad economies , war etc. 
  ) , and hey presto . 
  why replace a system that works , with one thats terrible ? 
  it could be argues that the uk conservatives are moving quite quickly into a euro-sceptic role . 
  surely if anything , other countries should be paying attention to what the uk is doing , and trying to emulate it . 
  apparently your the one who had your brain addled as a child . 
  if we just left , the issues would n't go away , they would grow stronger in other countries . 
  eu is much better off if we at least attempt to reform it before deciding if were going to split or not . 
  climate change is being done via the un anyways . 
  isis and russia are via nato and us allies . 
  simply no need for eu in those equations . 
  and it never really recovered from that . 
  now its stuck , already on life support , and being drained of its power . 
  riddle me this . 
  if i were to approach someone in the street . 
  threaten to rape them , tell them i know where they live , and threaten to kill their family . 
  i would be prosecuted . 
  why then , would i be perfectly fine , if i did this online ? 
  people who threaten to rape or be physically violent *, 
  please convince me . 
  and ? 
  they have more than the greens , lib dems , snp and have the same as the conservatives . 
  unless of course telling me that none of those will get many votes in scotland ? 
  the `` ukip wo n't get many votes in scotland '' arguments falls apart when you realise they have a mep up there . 
  well looks like spacex just got a lot of extra funding coming their way . 
  you mean the part where nearly all of them hold elections ( albeit many corrupt ) , or the part where their are less and less dictators now ... 
  should we remind the `` pointless country '' that it was britain that played a major part in stopping you speaking german or russian right now ... 
  yeah , i do n't think i have to explain how difficult it would be to smuggle in nuclear weapons ... 
  ah yes , because its only the americans who have nukes in europe ... 
  both sweden and poland have historically expanded their borders quite a bit through war . 
  sure a lot longer ago than the germans , but still . 
  ah yes the `` brits are racist hypocrites '' circlejerk continues ... 
  yes , because those with opposing views should be ostracized and neglected . 
  that ca n't end badly in any scenario ... 
  of course nato had nothing to do with bringing that `` peace and stability '' ... 
  quite simply its forcing them to take the issue of the eu seriously . 
  the conservatives have already had to promise a referendum to try and keep their voters , and the lib dems jumped into televised debates to try and combat them . 
  if ukip were some crappy 1 % party this would have never happened . 
  so contact your mp where it can be ignored ? 
  voting in the general election ( where it will be done anyways ... ) . 
  voting for the conservatives does not guarentee a referendum yet ( and wo n't have even been promised if ukip had n't began to look strong ), 
  so how would you successfully get across the message ? 
  yes , because europe is famous for its oil production ... 
  sometimes you have to take a hit yourself , to get into a stronger position to strike . 
  why , its almost as if people should have the right to choose what they want for themselves , and not have it forced onto them ... 
  the chart dose n't include nuclear power , which would improve the uk 's percentage by quite a bit . 
  well if force projection is something that you need to be a world power , then we can strip china and russia off that list as well . 
  neither of them are really able to do anything other than in countries right next to them . 
  having nukes is n't necessarily a show of being a world power either . 
  india , pakistan and north korea are far , far from being a major player , and they all have nukes . 
  israel is perhaps the only country that could sit on the list . 
  russia is a big power in the world , doubting that would be silly . 
  however , the world is full of powers just as strong , if not stronger than them . 
  china , uk , france and germany for example in their neighborhood alone . 
  and of course that skips over the only true superpower right now , america . 
  and here we have the classic response that the rebels are simply al-qaeda . 
  i suggest you research the topic and realise their are 3 separate rebel groups , one which does contain these elements , and was not supported by the west , and the others are supported by the west . 
  tbh at the time `` reseting '' relations with russia was a great move . 
  it managed to get them to the table and to start destroying stockpiles of nukes , something we can all agree is a good thing . 
  they have no choice in the matter , they are told what their pay would be ... for an example of your circle-jerking look at your incredibly biased title . 
  instead of `` 11 % payrise for uk mps '' or `` uk mp 's disagree with payrise '' you go for the tory slogan of `` all in this together '' , in a quite blatant attempt to slander the party and insinuate that they feel they are above the voters ... 
  ... did you not get the point of my message . 
  they have all said they do n't want it , its nothing to do with them from that point onwards . 
  stop trying to turn this into a anti-tory circle-jerk ... 
  because that would be incredibly stupid . 
  mp pay is so high as it needs to attract good candidates , and no good candidate is going to go for a 20k job , when they could get 70k + at other companies . 
  `` all three party leaders disagreed with the move when it was first proposed earlier this year '' so just how is this something we can blame cameron for ? 
  do you always fail to see the consequences of actions ? 
  try going into a asian culture as a white person . 
  same with indian . 
  same with african . 
  its closed up as fuck with very little attempt from the inside to change it . 
  now flip it around and see the situation is different , in that white people are more than willing to engage . 
  well did n't expect london to be the much an anamoly in the `` english '' test . 
  evidently you have n't met the common pigeon . 
  yes there were . 
  that was also 2 years ago , and heavily biased as reddit turned `` anti-intervention '' . 
  i seriously suggest you research the current situation before making wild claims you read that long ago . 
  skipping over the fact you provided 0 evidence for this , that 's sort of typical for any country that 's just gone war , be it libya , france or even the usa . 
  now unless your going to claim the usa is a `` fascist sharia state '' , i suggest you get evidence . 
  with such a bold claim i 'm sure you have evidence to back yourself up . 
  of course your probably going to need to explain those women in parliament for the first time , as well as gaddafi bringing sharia to libya in the first place ... 
  i 'm rather hoping it will be a targeting of assad 's military resources to force him to the negotiating table , as well as a ultimatum to the rebels to distance themselves even further from the al-nasra elements that they fight alongside , with targeting of them if necessary . 
  nobody is saying the uae is perfect . 
  however they are n't exactly raping people on purpose to make a political point . 
  for a rather abstract argument , imagine john boehner raping malia obama until barack repelled obamacare . 
  thats how fucked up the regime was ... 
  pssst , using rape as a political tool is not a peaceful thing to do ... http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/1940050.stm, 
  in contrast look at libya . 
  i ca n't be the only one here who , whilst conflicted about striking syria , is still glad its happening . 
  we have the ability to stop a civil war going on for more than 2 years , something we should have done months ago . 
  yes our western agenda will be forced on the country , but we will save countless lives by doing so . 
  in addition by getting involved , we improve our ability to control the jihadist elements in the rebel forces , being able to strike at them if needed , or force the rebels to expel them . 
  well what else were we really going to dock at a royal navy base ?
