  all those questions are double-edged as well as the 3 which were voted on . 
  by the way , there 's no upper and lower house in bulgaria . 
  there 's a single parliament with 240 members . 
  what has `` running out in front of a car '' and `` getting pushed in front of a bus '' even have in common ? 
  do n't change the scenario in the middle of the argument . 
   running out like that with the intention of causing a car to crash would be deliberate willful reckless endangerment of other peoples lives . 
  yes , and in today 's world nobody does it because they risk getting hit . 
  if you 're 100 % sure the ai car will swerve then the risk is getting much much smaller . 
  and i 'm sure that the dead passenger would n't care if the pedestrian gets a life sentence for causing a murder . 
  filthy catholics and treacherous greece of course . 
  spoiling the fun in the orthodox world . 
  i doubt we ever did . 
   yeah , there 's no denying communist architecture was horrible . 
  well , [ it 's not all bad ] ( http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/00/55/02/40_big.jpg ) , 
   but now it 's in private hands and can be exploited for profit . 
  good that there 's no chance that a state monopoly can be exploited for profit . 
  so pretty much the same way it 's enforced inside a country ( fines and jailtime ) . 
  software does n't get free pass . 
  it has some support period in it and it 's definitely not forever , even for security issues ( i.e. 
  when was the last security update for windows 95/98 ? ) . 
  same goes for car companies . 
  if you suddenly find a flaw in a 20 year old bmw model , i doubt bmw would even try to recall all the vehicles . 
  now , how long the period should be , and who should provide the fix ( 3rd party or the creator of the product ) is question open for debate . 
  yet none of them wants to enter the history books as the pm that plunged uk in one of it 's worst recessions , possibly leading to the division of the kingdom ( if scotland leaves ) and losing what 's left of its global presence . 
  on a bad tv our flag looks like yours . 
  this should be good enough . 
   we only had to pay when we had a budget surplus . 
  guess then how many of the next 100 years will be with a surplus . 
  might work here as well , depending on the audience . 
  in addition , the pattern on the contact surface is different . 
  for instance [ this ] ( http://www.michelin.bg/content/img/tyres/2.1/michelin_alpin_5_og.jpg ) are my current winter tyres and [ this ] ( http://www.fulda.com/fulda_home_en/images/ecocontrol-hp-3-4_tcm2005-112245.png ) are my current summer . 
  note the fine channels in the winter tyre , i 'm pretty sure all winter tyres have these although i 'm not sure what purpose they serve . 
  also , there are some tyres that are rated ` all-season ' which are somewhere in between those two . 
  the fact that one of these two will be the president is the worst part . 
  hell , even their biggest in-party contenders were n't much better . 
  for a country that tries to be the flagship of freedom and democracy it 's really sad it ca n't produce a better option . 
  yes , i noticed that but assumed the ratio difference might be the same . 
  could be mistaken , though . 
  soon to be communist world in 1938 : roughly 50 % the gdp of western europe . 
  what was communist world in 2016 : roughly 18 % the gdp of western europe . 
  thanks , commies . 
  so 15 % of europeans 25-34 do n't have high school education ? 
  this ca n't possibly be true . 
  why do n't we have canada as well then ? 
  the queen is still their head of state . 
  that is n't fair . 
  maybe a leftover from [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_uprising ) , when we were still considered to be the same folk . 
  not really . 
  50 % +1 need to vote on a government , it can be aproved with 50 % +1 of the voting members . 
  so in theory , 121 people need to vote , 61 need to vote for the cabinet . 
  that 's how 2013 's bsp+dps cabinet came to power . 
  the split was 120/120 ( gerb+a taka/bsp + dps ) and everyone expected there to be new elections . 
  then in one of the votes for bsp 's suggested government , the leader of ataka registered as ` voting ' . 
  that gave the needed quorum of 121 ( all of bsp and dps mps registered as well ) and bsp 's cabinet got into power with 120:1 vote . 
  siderov ( ataka 's leader ) is known as `` the golden finger '' since then . 
  edit : of course , to pass any law you still need a quorum of 121 members and it 's the ruling party/coalition 's problem to get this assembled . 
  so a government elected in the above manner is highly ineffective , but still technically possible . 
  the president just followed the code . 
  he has to give mandate to the 1st party , then to the 2nd ( gerb and bsp in that case ) . 
  the parliament approved bsp 's cabinet . 
  yeah , like they 'll matter if there 's no one to judge you . 
  that 's the great thing about capitalism . 
  there are two options when someone aquires an asset , say a factory : 1 ) he knows how to run it properly . 
  the factory makes profit , keeps its employers and everyone is happy ( it 's all just `` like before '' ) . 
  2 ) an incompetent twat with relations gets control of the factory . 
  he has no clue what to do with it , runs it into the ground in 5 or so years then sells it to someone who knows how to operate it . 
  in 10 years there 'll be minimal to no difference with case 1 . 
  rich class exists before and after the communism either way , it 's just that in a capitalist economy you have an additional ticket in , at least in theory . 
  then again , it 's always better to sob inside a mercedes than outside in the rain . 
  you can rephrase this question with greece and cyprus and bulgaria and macedonia ( or really macedonia and any neighbouring state , depending on which nationalist you ask ) . 
  i guess that 's just the way things roll in the balkans . 
   encryption only assures you that the messages you sent is the message being received and that nobody read it while in transit . 
  and that if bob receives a message from allice , that it was really from allice , not from charlie claiming to be allice . 
  ( the impersonating part )  you literally have to trust that the receiver wo n't store it and divulge it to third parties . 
   it stops being a problem of encryption then . 
  if allice the jihadist and bob the jihadist trust each other , but bob is also working for the cia , then the cia does n't need to break the encryption , does it ? 
   how else would you be able to read all your emails from multiple devices and from a browser if they di n't store them and were not able to decrypt them ? 
  because mails are generally sent in plain text and if there is any encryption it 's between your mail client and your server ( i.e. 
  thunderbird on your pc and yahoo 's mail server ) . 
  very few people go through the hassle to encrypt the content of their messages as they usually believe the mail server is trust-worthy . 
  [ if you 're interested in getting more info , that could shed some light . 
  ] ( http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/51552/how-insecure-is-pop-imap-smtp )  the fact is nobody knows what happens with the message once it 's sent . 
  you 're right about that , and encryption assumes that all wrong kind of things will happen to the message . 
  it should protect against tampering , impersonating , unauthorised reading and the current algorithms do a good job at this . 
  if encryption is done properly all the provider has is a copy of the encrypted message and only the devices of the end users have the keys to decrypt the message . 
   encryption ca n't be broken , but the message can be saved for later retrieval . 
   what ? 
  you 're talking complete nonsense . 
  who is supposed to save the message , the offending parties ? 
  macedonia closer to vietnam than to bulgaria lol . 
  lithuania closer to china than latvia and estonia . 
  montenegro on the same distance to serbia as with lebanon and bahrain . 
  and kosovo closer to nigeria than to serbia . 
  are you really suggesting that nations half a globe away can be closer culturally than neighbouring nations ? 
  those metrics have nothing to do with ` cultural closeness ' . 
  why i think eastern europe is closer to the west than the far east ? 
  first of all , for the last 2 millenia we 've shared the same religion . 
  and like it or not , for the majority of our history , religion was the driving force in culture . 
  i do n't see anyone complaining about greeks being culturally incompatible with the west , then guess what , we 've been on the same peninsula with them for about 15 centuries now , and half of those we were even in the same country . 
  do n't you think that just maybe some of those western values might have sipped to our barbaric tribes ?
