  also , we do n't tend to do shit like [ this ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/india-sees-huge-spike-honour-killings-161207153333597.html ) or [ this ] ( https://thewire.in/39127/the-resistance-against-female-genital-mutilation-is-growing/ ) . 
   \u00a8 immigrants from countries that dont share our values shouldnt be welcomed \u00a8 please , explain to me how eastern europe is further away from your values than india and pakistan and all the remaining ex-british colonies in the far east . 
  12l at 100 % alcohol . 
  30l at 40 % ~ 80g/day . 
  yeah , it looks kind of low . 
   most likely this will only turn the civilian population against kiev , cement their dependancy and therefore loyalty to russia yep , that 's a likely outcome . 
   and give russia an excuse to stop the flow of gas of kiev except they ca n't do it so easily as they 'll screw up half of europe 's gas supply and this will piss everyone off . 
  and if they have the civilian support in crimea anyways , stopping the gas will be just additional problems without much gain . 
  but no belarus ^ ^ or ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ just ^ ^ blind . 
  having around 25 % taxation here compared to about 40 % in germany also helps alot . 
  most of the non-essential things are cheaper here as well . 
  going out to a restaurant ? 
  theatre ? 
  sports event ? 
  concert ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd pay considerably less for such things in a group 1 country than in a group 3 . 
  yeah , we 're the only one with rise above 100 % . 
  bulgaria stronk !, 
   i expect the west to provide aid to turkey if the stability of the region is in stake . 
  i see your reasoning , but if this happens you 'll loose bulgaria for sure . 
  populism here will become unstopable and we 'll transform into a russian puppet state most likely . 
  i mean , in 5 years , the west helped `` the lazy greeks '' and `` the *** turks '' ( turkey is the default `` enemy '' in here due to the 500 year otoman rule ) who 're not even in europe , but left us as the poorest state in eu . 
  combine this with the recent talks of south stream passing through bulgaria , that was blocked by `` brussles bureaucracy '' and belene nuclear plant , that we 're forced to pay equipment we wo n't use ( mainly due to our political leadership 's incompetence , but be sure somehow brussels or washington will get the blame for this ) . 
  oh , and as a further bonus , turkey is muslim , so this will further be used to fuel the `` this is destroying christian europe '' narrative . 
  i ca n't see how directly stabilizing turkey will translate to stabilizing the region , as things over here are pretty shaky even as of now . 
  yes . 
  first this year . 
  it snows in bulgaria every winter . 
  all the non-ea9 countries , except croatia , are below the average for ea19 . 
  fwiw they 're below the average for eu28 as well . 
  in this small sample , however , uk + poland consist about 60 % of the population , so the result for non-ea9 will be heavily dependant on the results of those two countries . 
  the age of the carpark factors in heavy as well . 
  a 80 kmh/crash in a 15 year old car and the same crash in a 5 year old car can have different outcomes . 
  i was surprised that 34 % of us study german . 
  then i remembered i studied it too as a 2nd foreign language . 
  too bad there was n't space in my head . 
  frankly , if all those are freshened up and painted in warmer colors , the whole picture will look much much better . 
  and the most important thing-a single color scheme per building . 
  and close schemes for neighboring buildings . 
  and the same insulation thickness on every floor . 
   see outside through the `` wall '' . 
  see is pretty good , you can fill this with foam . 
  i 've seen places where you can stick your hand up to the shoulder through the gap between the panels . 
  [ palace of the parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_the_parliament ) . 
  you 're possibly wrong . 
  if the presidential elections are anything to judge , abv will possibly not make it over the 4 % barrier , the nationalists will have double the result and the reformist block or what 's left of it will be on the edge of entering the parliament . 
  barekov 's party is pretty much done , so they 're out of the game as well . 
  dps will get their regular 10 % of votes . 
  bsp will possibly gain some votes at the expense of gerb , unless a new player enters the field ( slavi trifonov is being touted as the new player on the scene ) . 
  if nothing else , this will reduce the parties from 8 to 4-5 in the next parliament . 
  i 'm on the other side of the political spectrum to you , so we 'll probably not agree on many things but here i go  - everyone else just lost . 
  i can agree he was possibly the better candidate in the 2nd tour , but gerb 's nomination was suicidal to begin with . 
  given only bsp and gerb have enough electoral power to nominate a presidential candidate , this was more a suicide on gerb 's side than a win on bsp . 
  the parliamentary elections will prove if i am right on this one . 
  - fact is the only debate he had before the 1st tour was against tsatcheva and even there they seemed to agree more than disagree with eachother . 
  neither of those candidates seemed brave enough to try and hold their ground against the remainder that ran in ( namely radev vs kalfin for the socialist electorate and radeva vs traykov for the liberals ) . 
  - as i said , we have different political vies on this one , so i 'd just leave this one . 
  bsp , however , is the only reasonable choice for a socialist in here . 
  - high military personnel are too dangerous to be political leaders . 
  most dictatorships have a general leading them . 
  i have nothing against radev personally , it 's just history and statistics are not on his side on this issue . 
  that said , many of the candidates had some sort of military man as their vp ( e.g. 
  tsatcheva had a vice-admiral ) . 
  - me personally , nothing . 
  radev had a good call on this , that all parties in the parliament are responsible for this , including gerb and bsp . 
  looking at romania for example on how to deal with this is good idea . 
  however , given the elite of bsp is standing behind him and that most if not all of them will lose from such a move , i have doubts he 'll do any real steps in this direction . 
  i hope he proves me wrong though . 
  - russia is a de facto monopolist in the energy sector . 
  it will be cheaper for us in the short term to cooperate with them , but in the long term we should try and find additional energy sources . 
  i do n't care if it 's middle east oil , azerbaijani gas , local solar or wind or whatever . 
  every time bulgaria misbehaves russia threatens to stop the gas flow towards us and this gives them serious negotiating power , especially if it 's during the winter months . 
  i want to lower their influence as this will give more independence to our future governments . 
  gas interconnectors with romania ( opened last week ) and greece are a good step in this direction , but far from enough . 
  given that the gas in those pipes comes from russia in the end , all this does is give us more negotiating power , as we can stand as one bigger entity than a few separate countries , but we 're still lacking the option to shut russia out altogether and they know it . 
  he avoided all debate before 1st round . 
  he 's a bsp nominee and what 's worse about this is they 're trying to push it like `` independant nominee backed by bsp '' 3 . 
  a high-ranking military officer has no place in politics . 
  his campaign was funded in shady way ( elderly people donating 3 minimal pensions and not remembering it ?! ) . 
  he has some pro-russia positions , especially in the energy sector ( see belene , south stream ) , which i 'm against . 
  at least he has some positions i guess . 
  the words he speaks sound ok , but his background makes me doubt he 'll do any of the things he said or that he 'll do them to the best of the people . 
  and the worse thing is that tsacheva was n't any better . 
  brexit was a shitshow , us elections were a shitshow . 
  at least we 're not lagging 20 years behind now , we 've caught up to the west !, 
   there are a number of private health insurance funds in bulgaria . 
  no one keeps you from paying into them . 
  there are , but paying to them does n't free me from paying the state for health insurance as well . 
  i do n't want to pay twice for the same thing . 
   it can potentially be distributed , however , considering that your pension is related to your salary , obviously not all of it is . 
  it is 100 % and it 's not enough . 
  this fund is regularly topped up with other governmental money because the insurances income alone is n't enough to cover the expenses . 
  rough translation : the incomes and transfer for doo ( state public insurance ) for the year ammount to 10,046 bln bgn , 4.69 bln will be collected from taxes , 12 mln from non-tax source . 
  the remaining 5.65 bln will be transfer from the state budget . 
  now , this of course includes all type of welfare ( e.g. 
  support for disabled people , children benefits , support for new mothers , support for people temporarily out of job , etc ) , not only pensions ( although they 're close to 90 % of the expenses ) , but then again so are those 14 % supposed to cover . 
  and they go only halfway . 
   well , social security mostly goes toward your future pension . 
  there is n't much redistribution going on there . 
   [ this is plain wrong ] ( http://www.nap.bg/page?id=562 ) .
