sadly , however , not all people are made equal . 
  hehe , upgraded ... 
  the russians celebrate christmas in january , we do on 25th of december . 
  however , our easter does n't match the catholic ( it was 1 week after the german this year ) . 
  day of holy mary is pretty much just another saint 's day in here , but apparently it 's important for the greeks . 
  all three countries are orthodox christian , i guess the calendar is up to each 's country church . 
  i think you might be speaking in [ their language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire#/media/file:british_empire_1921.png ) . 
  yes . 
  the bicycle lanes ( if present at all ) are with about the width in `` reality '' 2nd picture and most of them are placed on the sidewalk . 
  if it was n't for the high curb this would be a typical biking lane . 
  i like [ trains ] ( https://youtu.be/hhkkjfcbxcw ) !, 
   also something something balkan , bulgaria and serbia . 
  balkans are n't in europe according to reddit . 
  cargo transport should be cheaper . 
   it appears that eu officials had been pushing for capital controls since april . 
  [ see 7 ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/7/1/8871509/greece-charts ) looks like the bank run effectively started with syriza coming to power . 
  can i join in the club ? 
  a human is smart , but people are stupid . 
  that 's the general problem with democracy . 
  this . 
  this needs to be much , much higher in any thread about the greek crisis . 
  come 300km north and see how this worked out for us . 
   the problem - you ca n't handcuff someone just because you are stronger . 
   you actually [ can ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizen%27s_arrest ) if you think they 've committed a crime ( yes , it exists in bulgaria as well ) , but you 're supposed to call the cops straight away and let them handle the situation . 
  which , judging by the video description , was never part of the plan of those guys . 
   walking unchecked through bulgaria and romania is not a possibility , again , due to there being danube . 
  we have around a 100km land border with romania as well , and it 's not even a mountain terrain . 
  also , if migrants cross the mediterranean from turkey to greece , i doubt a river will be that much of a problem . 
  bulgaria was liberated on this date . 
  independence from the ottoman empire was declared on 22.09.1908 . 
  if the turnout is at least the same as in the last parliamentary elections then the referendum is binding . 
  if the turnout is lower , but above 20 % and at least 50 % +1 voted ` yes ' , then the parliament must discuss the question and come out with a decision . 
  i think they 're obliged to come with a decision within 3-6 months , but i 'm not sure of the numbers . 
  ( that 's the case the last referendum is in ) . 
  if the turnout is less than 20 % , then it 's like nothing happened . 
  12-18 months maybe not . 
  however , 60-72 maybe yes . 
  to clarify things a bit about how the system is financed in here : additional to all the income taxes , pension fund taxes and so on , in bulgaria you have to pay a percent of your income towards the `` national health insurance fund '' which is state-owned , under the control of ministry of health . 
  everywhere the payment is stated to be `` insurance '' but in practise it 's just a tax . 
  the treasury is supposed to be able to aggregate a pool of money big enough to cover everyone 's health expenses . 
  however , since it 's conception in 1999 it has never been able to cover it 's bills , and injections from the state budget are regular . 
   there should also be a national regulator for drug prices . 
  which is the case here . 
  this really is a debatable point . 
  i think that the monopolistic position of the nhif is the main problem . 
  if there is more than one insurer you can chose the one that does his job best . 
  and it 's the insurer 's problem to not get overpriced deals with hospitals , pharmaceutical companies and so on . 
  whereas in the case we have here , the nhif does n't care because it knows it 'll be bailed out by the state budget in the end . 
  i like how the line for ukraine 's average is drawn one rectangle higher than it should be . 
  it 's believed gypsies generally vote dps as well . 
  although i 'm pretty sure that a lot of ethnic bulgarians that have direct business interests connected to the party also vote for them . 
  plus you pretty much do n't need conventional army . 
  you need fleet and airforce and you 're good . 
  the rest of the world is stuck on the same landmass more or less . 
  it 's not fptp . 
  it 's what the presidential elections are . 
  fptp would 've meant radev is president now . 
  anyway , this does n't make the suggestion much better . 
  bsp -  rumen radev -  ex comander in chief of the airforce ( resigned 2 months or so before the elections ) . 
  party is the successor of the comunist party that ruled from 1945-1989 . 
  2nd largest party in bulgaria . 
  left politicts , strong pro-russia agenda . 
  generally associated as the party of the elderly . 
  gerb -  tsetska tsacheva -  the current ruling party , pretends to be center-right . 
  talks alot about justice and stability , but blocked the judical reform they agreed to , in order to make a big enough coalition after the elections , just a year ago . 
  those are the two candidates that made it to the 2nd tour . 
  the remaining notable candidates , in order of their results : up ( united patriots ) -  krasimir karakachanov - union of the nationalistic parties in bulgaria . 
  anti-immigration , anti-turkey , pro-eu and pro-russia ( if that 's possible ) . 
  our version of ukip , except they do n't want to leave the eu ( as it dumps in a lot of money into programmes ) . 
  independent -  valentin mareshki -  businessman . 
  owns one of the largest pharmacy chains in the country , operating on lower prices than average ( or so he claims ) . 
  entered the fuels business over a year ago by opening a gas station in varna , where the price of fuel is ~ 0.20 lv/l ( about 0.10 euro ) lower than anywhere else . 
  gas station is still operational and he 's expanding the chain , plus now all other vendors in the city fell down to his prices . 
  looks and feels like the stereotypical underground boss of the 90s , but nothing is confirmed officially . 
  dps -  plamen oresharski - remember the mass protests of 2013 ? 
  that 's the dude that was prime minister then . 
  backed by the biggest ethnic-centred party . 
  public secret is this was their vote-counting for the upcoming parliamentary elections . 
  exit polls show strong support from voters from turkey as well as turkish and roma minorities inside the country . 
  rb -  traicho traikov - minister of economics in the period 2009-2012 . 
  first official who talked about cartel in fuels , got sacked from his post for this . 
  coalition is right sided , liberal party . 
  strong pro-eu and pro-nato , strong anti-russia sentiments . 
  the 2nd by size partner in the current parliament coalition , who were pushing for judicary reform . 
  at the moment in state of collapse due to clashing ideas between the member parties ( one of them went into opposition after the judicary reform failed , the other two remained and kept their ministers ) . 
  abv -  ivaylo kalfin -  minister of foreign affairs 2005-2009 and minister of labor and social policy 2014-2016 . 
  abv is a split-up fraction of bsp . 
  pretty much everything else is the same , the leader is georgi parvanov ( president 2002-2012 ) , strong pro-russia sentiments . 
  in my opinion this was the better prepared socialist candidate ( the other being mr. radev ) but he did n't get enough support . 
  he got under 4 % , which is the barrier for a party to enter the parliament . 
  i 'm including him in the list because his party is currently in the parliament and in the ruling coalition . 
  the remaining candidates were non-factors , all getting under 4 % . 
  total list was 21 couples . 
  1 - reducing the parliament from 240 to 120 seats -  deemed not in the scope of regular parliament and as this is the body that authorises the referendum it ca n't ask questions above it 's power . 
  2 - support for e-voting -  removed because a similar question was asked less than a year ago . 
  the results were positive but the activity was not enough to be binding . 
  thus the parliament just went over the issue and ignored it ( well they ` debated ' on it as required by law , but took no further action ) . 
  3 -  electing the regional police chief . 
  at the moment he 's appointed by the minister of interior . 
  electing those officials will put them out of the power of the minister and as such will drastically change the structure of the executive branch .
