la chouffe or hertog jan. 
  but what do i know , i only have the language in common with half of the master beer brewers to the south of me . 
  all hail your new ov-chipkaart overlords !, 
  and that is the difference  in the netherlands , if you fail one too many times , you 'll be declared a fool for trying again . 
  in the north america , you 'll be declared a fool for giving up . 
  then you are still celebrating that you succeeded later , right ? 
  the road there does not really matter , only that you succeeded . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i respect that people dare to go all in and get back up after they fail . 
  that in itself is a noteworthy achievement . 
  i just think that after failing a number of times , you really have to ask yourself if you are the right person for the job . 
  apparently , you did n't learn from the previous failures . 
   i guess there are n't the european ceos and businessman who brag about how many times they 've failed then ? 
  i would n't know , but in dutch culture bragging about failing is seen as weak or a lack of forethought in the case of business ( btw , bragging in general is frowned upon in dutch culture , if not actively condemned . 
  bragging shows that you feel that you are better than your fellow man , which is absolutely unacceptable ) . 
  to me , this makes sense . 
  you can ( and should ) learn from failure , but why celebrate that you failed ? 
  you do n't celebrate your failed tests either , do you ? 
  you are supposed to learn from failure and the next time , you make damn sure you do n't screw up again ( or at least , not in the same way ) . 
  then , we can celebrate . 
  we have good ties with them , but they insist on calling themselves flemish :p but , no , there is n't a real relationship between ethnic dutch and the dutch state . 
  we even force anyone who wants to take on another citizenship to renounce their dutch one . 
  and you have to go through the same procedure as anyone else if you do n't have at least one dutch parent . 
  the notable exception is suriname . 
  you can get the dutch nationality back easily if you are a former dutchman and got the suriname nationality after suriname became independent . 
  we do still keep good diplomatic relations with various former colonies and countries with sizable dutch minorities , but those dutch minorities are generally quick to assimilate into the new country . 
  in the us , you have the vanderbilt and roosevelt families as examples of that . 
  the others have created their own identity , like the afrikaners . 
  that is just the dutch birthday wish translated directly into english . 
  and belgium was spared for some reason ... 
  so is our way of voting for the senate ( 1e kamer ) ... 
  if i remember correctly , most of the flowers are sold fresh on one of the seven flower auctions in the netherlands . 
  flowers are big business in those parts of the country !, 
  see : - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flower_bulb_cultivation_in_the_netherlands - http://www.theflowerexpert.com/content/flowerbusiness/floralindustry/dutch-flower-industry, 
  this is the noordoost polder in flevoland . 
  the fields are pretty because of the tulips and other flowers . 
  i 'm not completely up to speed on the situation in turkey other than that erdogan went overboard ( or completely mad , depending on your viewpoint ) after the coup . 
  to be honest , i would n't want to live there , but not only because of erdogan . 
  i 'm also not well acquainted with turkish dutchmen , so i 'm basing most of my argument on the news i get . 
  that being said , let us continue with the example of turkey . 
   i think people must have their `` skin in the game '' if they want to vote . 
  outside voters is not affected - or very very little - by the consequences of a terrible government . 
  the trouble is that they still have the nationality and can be affected just as much as people still in turkey . 
  for example , what if the government makes the military service applicable to all turks and non-negotiable ? 
  this would hit the away-turks more than even the home-turks because they have to travel to turkey to get it over with . 
  i 'd say that the impact can be gigantic , even if the day to day problems are taken care of by a different country . 
  of course your statement holds ground in other cases . 
  we do n't let people who moved away to another city participate in city elections . 
  but in the case of a country , you do n't get a say in another country just by moving there . 
  i think this is also an important thing to keep in mind . 
  you 'll be an outsider if you move away , no matter what you do . 
   in turkey 's example , most of the turks abroad are easy target for manipulators and demagogs . 
  they believe in everything these fuckers say & broadcast and are not bothered by what is going on here . 
  hell , most of them think - or they repeat like parrots - that turkey is doing much better than europe . 
  does this hold for all turks ( or others who moved away from home ) ? 
  it should be harder to shape your message for the people living abroad because there is no way to control all the media when you do n't control the state . 
  but for some reason , i get the impression that turks do tend to keep to their own . 
  i can explain a bit of that due to the behaviour of the nl government regarding them ( they assumed they would be guest workers and not permanent migrants ) . 
  this has left its traces . 
  but they do keep to the trukish media . 
  do you maybe have an explanation why ? 
  anyway , i think that many of the people who live abroad idolise the motherland . 
  especially if they have never been there . 
  maybe to feel more at home ? 
  i do not know . 
  and these people might not be the best people to vote , but i do wonder why they are so easy to manipulate and why they watch the state media . 
  they should be the ones better informed than most due to the many perspectives they can get . 
  -- please excuse my rambling . 
  i 'm getting tired ( never reddit while tired kids ! ), 
  thanks man !, 
  that makes it a lot easier to understand :-), 
  so , what are these numbers ? 
  percentages ? 
  millions ? 
  please provide units or something :-), 
  i 'm not quite sure about that . 
  for example , my uncle and aunt live in germany , but are dutch . 
  should they not have a say in dutch politics just because they happen to live across the border ? 
  even though they still have close ties with the country ? 
  the problem is , someone living abroad might still have strong ties to the country and cares for its well being . 
  some might even spend most of their time in their country of origin , even if they live across the border . 
  they also might have a vested interest in the country . 
  another problem is that many ( most ? ), 
  countries do not allow you to vote in the national elections of the country you choose to live until you obtain citizenship . 
  so , living abroad already makes you an outsider of sorts , even in the community you settled . 
  you can gain citizenship to become part of the `` voters club '' , but that ai n't easy . 
  anyway , i think that what i want to say is that it makes no sense to ban people from voting due to location . 
  these people can still be invested in the country and they 'll stop voting in the elections once they no longer feel connected ( usually the second generation , as i suspect u/ashinatr is ) . 
  also , for some reason , people can have a double passport when they are turkish and dutch , so you ca n't renounce your turkish nationality . 
  this claiming of your citizens alone should allow them to vote in the elections as well since the government does not want to let them go in the first place . 
  do n't forget brabant !, 
   as their food safety department have quite clearly shown they are n't to be trusted i was referring to this . 
  could have made that more clear indeed . 
  your point being ? 
  even if the vvd does n't want to investigate , the parliament still can . 
  i expect some kamervragen from the opposition at least . 
  for now at least . 
  i think the nvwa will not get through this unscathed . 
  yup . 
  pretty sure that was a different discussion , which was about how to treat eggs after they were collected ( cleaning etc ) .
