i think this is correct . 
  as others have noted , the main irish diaspora to the us happened during a very traumatic time in ireland 's history ( the famine , obviously ) . 
  add to that the fact that if you were a poor irish immigrant to the us , crossing the atlantic likely meant that you would never see home or your loved ones again . 
  it was n't like today ; immigration was permanent and in a society where literacy was n't especially widespread , you would likely never hear from your family either . 
  the upshot being , of course , that many irish immigrants to the us looked back at their homeland in very melancholy terms . 
  i think this was passed down the generations . 
  right , except for all those pesky students lying dead in tienanmen square , and all those dissidents currently locked up and enduring inhuman conditions of captivity . 
  except for all those people dying in massive factories and in massive earthquakes that are deadly because all the schools were built by corrupt firms that cut corners wherever possible . 
  except for the vanishing tibetan culture and the persecuted uighurs . 
  and nevermind china 's aggressive expansionist policies . 
  china is doing alright , but it will never achieve widespread enfranchisement of its people , together with true economic dynamism , unless it finally turns away from authoritarianism and embraces legitimate democracy . 
  not only that , without the irish jews , we would not have had leopold bloom , which , depending on how one feels about joyce , would have been a great loss to irish letters . 
  i think it 's a fair point . 
  have an upvote . 
  lol , that 's totally untrue . 
  there are a few norse loanwords in english , but mostly the norse influence is limited to place-names . 
  what english and the scandinavian languages have most in common is that they are both germanic ; western and northern respectively . 
  not at all . 
  it is a western germanic language , like frisian , scotts or dutch , and while it is related to german , it is not descended from it . 
  english is german 's cousin , not its offspring . 
  you are correct , however , that it is heavily bastardized by non-germanic influences . 
  the celtic bits mostly live on only in place-names , unless you buy mcwhorter 's theory about `` unecessary do '' in english . 
  i find his arguments pretty convincing , but i have no formal training in linguistics and am credibly informed that they are by no means universally accepted by his peers . 
  structurally however , english is still 100 % western germanic . 
  not so . 
  french is not derived from frankish , which was germanic . 
  french is just a bastardized latin with a few frankish loanwords , but actually , gaulish , a celtic language , had a much bigger influence on french . 
  but that does n't mean that french is either part germanic or part celtic ; linguistically it is romance and nothing else . 
  linguistically it 's just germanic with a lot of french loanwords . 
  foe english with minimized french influence , see jrr tolkien 's work . 
  he was quite deliberate about it . 
  nope . 
  the answer is sanskrit . 
  the answer is always sanskrit . 
  pence is vastly preferable to trump , not because he favors reasonable policy , but because he appears to be a rational actor who understands the basic concepts of leadership and who is competent at a base level . 
  furthermore , as was the case with the ford administration following nixon 's resignation , pence will basically be a lame-duck , a placeholder until the democrats take over the presidency again . 
  as for your contention that trump 's supporters will make trouble , you are correct , but not all of them , and given the inevitable defectors and the fact that trump never won the popular vote in the first place , they will be no more than a vocal and obnoxious minority . 
  ultimately , if the nation can survive trump , we will be fine . 
  as a non-american you may not realize that the us has been through worse . 
  we are resilient , the free flow of information can not be stopped , we are a hugely varied nation and i think you are wrong to imagine that we will ever permanently abandon the ideas that form a single people out of many . 
  of course , i may well be wrong . 
  we will see . 
  i do n't put too much stock in anyone 's predictions of the future these days . 
  i suspect that the opposite is true , that he will be impeached and will do generational damage to the gop brand along the lines of nixon , but without a reagan to save their asses . 
  i , for one , have never laughed at anything , ever , in my entire life . 
  keep believing that . 
  you won a battle , but you will lose the war . 
  conservatives always lose in the end ; it 's one of history 's repeating patterns . 
  nice appeal to incredulity . 
  your guy has historically low approval ratings ; we will see what happens . 
  i 've never heard of anything like that , but i do know that the titles of books get changed all the time for the european and north american markets . 
  it can be hugely irritating because it causes unnecessary confusion . 
   the only thing that got officially simplified in american english is short spelling of some diftongs and making s -  z shifts official ( colour -  color , haematology -  hematology , analyse -  analyze ) . 
  this is actually a myth . 
  in fact , the american spellings are the original/older spellings in most cases . 
  the more complicated british spellings came into use in the first half of the 19th century as part of a probably misguided attempt to `` dress up '' english so that it more nearly resembled then-current notions of the languages of classical antiquity . 
  the movement never gained currency in the us and so , when american english spellings were standardized , they stuck with the older , simpler forms . 
   so in order to get a good deal it 's a good idea to `` flatter '' your negotiating partner in this case it 's just seen as a sign of weakness , which of course is what the iranian government expects of women , so by trying to be `` diplomatic , '' they are worsening both sweden 's position , as well as that of iranian women in general . 
  diplomacy is complicated . 
   if you visit another country , you should respect their culture while you are there . 
  either that , or accept when the locals tell you to fuck off or when you run into legal problems . 
  except , none of this applies to diplomats or other official representatives of foreign governments , which is what we are talking about in this instance . 
  where official representatives of a foreign government are concerned , the considerations are widely recognized as being different from those affecting random people on reddit . 
  does this really even need saying ? 
  man , same deal over here in the us . 
  where the fuck were you when it actually counted ? 
  too many people got their panties in a twist when it came to voting , and now we 've got an orange freak in office , a man who is more fundamentally unsuited to lead the free-world than any we 've ever seen before . 
  it would be more accurate to say that it is n't your dialect . 
  the distinction between dialect and language is n't strictly defined and often , in practice , is determined on political grounds . 
  that said , a general rule-of-thumb is that if we are mutually intelligible to one another , we are speaking different dialects of the same language , whereas if i ca n't understand a single fucking word that you are saying , than we are speaking different languages . 
  in the case of hiberno-english , with the possible exception of people from derry , i can easily understand it as an american from the west coast of north america , unless youse do n't want me to understand it , in which case the problem is more one of cadence , pitch and turn of phrase than it is one of pronunciation . 
  ( and here i am at a disadvantage since west coast american english is well-known worldwide through hollywood and the entertainment capital that is los angeles . 
  you will have been exposed to my accent thousands of times over many years , while i may or may not have * ever * heard yours . ), 
  true , but technically `` hiberno-english '' is a dialect of the broader umbrella , `` english , '' so it 's not incorrect to say that pretty much all irish people are native-english speakers . 
  well that 's a different question from `` who decides who 's a native-speaker , '' which has a specific technical definition in linguistics . 
  as far as i can tell , in pop-culture the word `` native '' gets used in several different ways . 
  use the one you like best i guess . 
  be cool . 
  u/collectiveindividual is using a different , politicized set of definitions . 
  you ca n't have a reasonable discussion on the subject until you agree on basic definitions . 
  linguistically , the question of `` who is a native ? '', 
  is irrelevant . 
  you could be of any ethnicity on earth and if you learned to speak fluent irish at the age of 2-5 years-old , you 'd be a `` native-speaker , '' end of story . 
  sure , inasmuch as they are `` natives '' and are `` speakers '' of the indigenous language , but not in the technical sense of `` native-speakers '' which in linguistics has a very specific meaning . 
  it 's not . 
  the ease of learning a language depends on what other language ( s ) you speak . 
  so if you speak dutch , german or english will be relatively easy for you , while quechua or mandarin will be difficult . 
  ubiquity does make a difference too , but it 's nowhere near as important . 
  come on over to r/linguistics if you are interested in learning more . 
  a person who has spoken the language in question since earliest childhood rather than having learned it as a child or adult . 
   the easiest language to learn , regardless of the actual complexity or non-complexity of its grammar , spelling etc. 
  languages are easier or more difficult to learn based on how similar they are to a language that the learner already speaks . 
  so , for you , as a french-speaker , spanish is going to be much easier to learn than , say , mandarin , while a korean speaker will find mandarin much easier . 
  complexity can play a role , but it 's generally far less important in language acquisition than most people realize . 
  as you say , ubiquity does play a role as well , but again , it 's not as much of a factor as many people imagine . 
  in any case , if you are getting sued , it 's a matter of civil law , which in any functioning legal system is completely distinct from criminal law . 
  slander and libel therefore are n't illegal , but they are actionable if the plaintiff can `` show '' a checklist of findings that varies according to country . 
  ( it is much more difficult in the us , for example , than it is in the uk . ), 
  in an `` absolute '' system , slander and libel are matters of civil rather than criminal law , so again , not illegal , just actionable by other private parties seeking damages , which is totally different . 
  pretty much any city in the world that 's much younger than about 3-400 years old will be on some kind of a grid .
