we just do n't know should we close the borders from outside or from inside . 
  this people do n't want to stay here , and for that matter - neither would 60 % of serbians . 
  interesting , i could understood completely ( after very slow reading ) , but it was too surreal to believe it  i would never guess polish is so similar to serbian , albeit very difficult spelling . 
  i posted this one before getting to your post . 
  that 's one of my favorite 's . 
  american , russian and serbian are discussing who has the best technology . 
  russian : we can make new tank factory in a month . 
  american : we can make an airplane factory in a week . 
  serbian : we start building brewery at 6 , and we are all drunk by 6:30 . 
  i would say that berin is cultural capital of europe . 
  no question about that , i 'm afraid of ours as much as of yours hotheads . 
  it 's not our fault they let him out of hague prison . 
  it was sad day for a lot of people in serbia , croatia and bosnia . 
  looks very nice , i will definitely try it out . 
  true , ui is not intuitive and they are changing it all the time , so even getting used to it is not as useful as one would expect . 
  no , it 's free and opensource , both application and data : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.osmand&amp;hl=en limit is that you can have only 10 map downloads with free version ( which is easy to extend , just uninstall app , leave maps , install it again and you get 10 more downloads . 
  and it is fully offline with downloaded maps , you also get to chose small maps with roads only or fully detailed maps with all features . 
  http://osmand.net is using http://www.openstreetmap.org data and i have been satisfied with it for last 5 years . 
  give it a try , my experience with it is great for europe ( do n't know about other parts of the world ) . 
  does it really matter ? 
  they are repressing citizens and that 's the main issue . 
  police is recording us , the only fair thing to do is recording them and saying and showing your opinion . 
  that 's what october is used for . 
  yeah , he will probable be promoted in few weeks . 
  that is nice write up about roma and gypsies in serbia ( and balkan too ) . 
  you can also take a look at this documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hkusag4nh8 ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0494831/ ) about roma village in macedonia called shutka . 
  you can get interesting overview about their way of life . 
  it 's interesting that you made connection between greece and africa , since they are in the same position . 
  just ask yourself why is that . 
  it is not easy to accept that your well being is hurting other people . 
  they are just trying to defend themselves ( from themselves , they are catholics after all ) . 
  for more info look at : https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2v4qfz/til_in_studies_where_random_monopoly_players_were/ and : http://planetsave.com/2013/12/23/a-rigged-game-of-monopoly-reveals-how-feeling-wealthy-changes-our-behavior-ted-video/, 
   do remember that it 's only idiots on the internet though true , but just imagine those same idiots without internet ? 
  they are getting fed different information that you are . 
  their media and politicians are talking trash about greece to get themselves out of trouble . 
  and `` sheeple '' believe them . 
  i guess that we are much more resistant to that kind of propaganda that our north and western neighbours . 
  anyone with few minutes of real freedom will understand what is happening and that 360b euros were not given to greek people ( or you would have 300.000 euros each and you would n't give a f * ck about all this ) . 
  i feel sorry for them , hate is the worst thing that can happen to anyone . 
  obviously you have never been to greece . 
  greek people did n't and do n't need your money . 
  they have nice climate , no harsh winters , they can grow their food and make any alcohol they need , and they will be happy with their friends and families . 
  what else you do n't know is that you are more scared then them . 
  they do n't need as much clothes as you , they do n't need as much heating and electricity . 
  and no need for as much of oil as you . 
  you did n't gave that money to them , your government took it away from you . 
  wake up and choose something a bit better . 
  it 's funny how west europe is more worries than greek people are  you are fu ** ed , not them . 
  enjoy your austerity or what ever it comes to :d, 
  you imagine that no-voters have any money in the banks ? 
  i like how you are thinking !, 
  but still , lamborghini costs more than we could spend on oil ( we need to enjoy your richness and not only drive around ) . 
  with tesla we can just buy some chinese solar panels and escape all of them . 
  we will take natural gas from russia ( to make electricity ) and that will make them bleed . 
  you are lucky not to know , but new dollar bills are a bit blu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_one_hundred-dollar_bill#/media/file:new100front.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_one_hundred-dollar_bill, 
  me too  thou i would prefer tesla model s and some small yacht , so you do n't give that money back to those haters in eu . 
  i 'm glad you feel like that . 
  there are people trying to make connection between our people better and i think it is moving forward . 
  artists were first ones , than free software people , than some people working for international organizations . 
  i do n't really understand what problem really is , except that our government need someone to hate . 
  also , i do n't have much information how do you live , but i know that albanian reaction is for respect . 
  we did n't have that reaction on this occasion : http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/wire?id=4514376 . 
  so i admire you and hope that politics and media will stop making us enemies . 
  i think we just need to turn of tv and radio to get there . 
  and it is true , belgrade has great food and never sleeps . 
  i had to travel a lot to understand how rare that is . 
  i really do n't understand what this question `` is it because of the bourgeoisie that stops the international proletariat from reaching the end of history ? '', 
  means . 
  but it is because big part of africa is in big dept to western countries that gave them loans to build infrastructure for western companies . 
  do you think that people need expensive roads if they do n't have a car ? 
  or if they need power plants if they can not afford to even pay for electricity ? 
  we can agree that that would definitely be useful for them , but they also do n't have companies to build them , or personal to maintain them - so all of the loans they got from west ( or their colonisers ) went back to them . 
  and they are now in shit hole , understandably . 
  do you have any idea where diamonds are from ? 
  where bananas are coming from ? 
  where rare metals for your electronics are coming from ? 
  where cocoa and coffee is coming from ? 
  where significant part of oil is coming from ? 
  do n't believe me , just research it a bit , and do n't be lazy and make me to find links for you . 
  and after you find sources , ask yourself this : why all of this so cheep ? 
  why is banana coming from south america so much cheaper than apple coming from germany ? 
  why is chocolate so cheep if you do n't grow cocoa localy ? 
  why is oil always coming from some poor country and is cheaper than beer ? 
  why is your electronics produced in china ? 
  let me help you it is not only cheep labour . 
  but research it a bit and draw your own conclusions . 
  this might be some strange conspiracy theory . 
  let them calm down and forget they have lost theirs pocket change and right after that i 'm coming over to try it out , 
  one option does not exclude the other . 
  of course it was planned . 
  is anyone that naive to think he/they decided that in few hours ? 
  they must have some idea and backup plan . 
  why is that a problem ? 
   and all governments have their own ~ ~ country 's best ~ ~ interests at heart . 
  that 's kind of the job description ftfy why would be in any coutry best interest to lend 360b to someone with 10m people?that 's 300k euros per capita , i would say that would be a lot of money even in western europe . 
  do you think that every person in greece managed to spend 300.000 euros ? 
  i 'm really sorry for the people that are angry on greece and people in greece . 
  looks like they learned nothing from 2008 crisis and they still believe what major media companies and politicians are telling them ... 
  they , probable , also do n't understand why africa is in such bad shape and thing that people there are lazy and stupid ... such a shame . 
  they just do n't get it that people did n't get anything , otherwise every person in greece would now have 300.000 euros in their pocket .
