  and even the money you got found it 's way outside of greece . 
  i just imagine they are brainwashed , since i can not find other explanation . 
  i always expect discussion on why that happened and how to prevent it in future , but that kind of discussion is very rare . 
  greece obviously need to find it 's own way out of this situation and i believe it is possible if you manage to win against corruption , which is not an easy fight . 
  i believe that our would be similar , the only problem is that i can not find median income in serbia as they only publish average income which is unrealistic ( tho very low , around 330eur ) . 
  especially considering that anywhere south of belgrade people feel very lucky if they get 350 eur . 
  a lot of my friends visited albania in last 5 years , some for conferences , some for vacation and all of them are telling how great it was over there . 
  you are right , crime is happening everywhere and response to it is what is important . 
  and people of albania have my biggest respect for their response . 
  it was overwhelming . 
  i hope everyone will understand this . 
  i am , but not just to see how it plays out , thou that would be more interesting situation . 
  i really believe they would be better if they refuse further loans . 
  there is another factor - other countries can easily get into similar situation and it is obvious that current `` solutions '' are making it worse and we ( as people of this world ) should try something else and support those who try it first , especially if they try and fail - we should all be there and help in that situation . 
  i have a lot for respect for even discussing other options . 
  good luck to greece and greek people !, 
  i see the title only as theme for discussion in comments . 
  most of the time i get irritated reading article , be it rt , guardian or bbc , since most of the articles are one-sided without links to original or other sources or any kind of proof and full of fluff . 
  so , i 'm in comments for discussion where i will be able to hear different sides and than i can go on and do my own research on the net . 
  maybe , but i 'm working with norwegians every day and they just think they have to do everything eu does . 
  that might not be true . 
  right , at the end - we are all in the same boat ( as our local saying goes ) . 
  i know that i would prefer to help spain or portugal economy than germany or uk , and i know most of my friends would do the same . 
  people around mediteran are much more similar than borders are telling us . 
  there is only love serbians have for turkey . 
  we are afraid of islam , but we would prefer to be friends with turkish people , we have so much in common . 
  problem is we do n't know what emotions people of turkey are having towards serbians , everyone that visited turkey are so happy and like it more than anywhere else . 
  hopefully , we will find a way to share that experience . 
  culturally before of everything else . 
  we do n't know how to hold down our emotions , love or hate we do n't hold it down while all countries up north are showing emotions in much more subtle way , we are confused by it . 
  we much better understand south nations , like spain and italy . 
  so even if economically life in uk and germany is better , emotionally is really hard . 
  all true , eu is no solution for solution for all the problems we have , and joining might create more issues than we can handle , also it might solve them ... it is hard decision . 
  true , but their laws are same as in eu and strongly influenced by eu . 
  they are first searching for someone in norway , than eu and after that other countries . 
  true , but it 's not our problem uk invaded almost the whole world and made english language total necessity for survival . 
  salaries also have to something with colonialism , right ? 
  like changing the name of their nation ? 
  how would people of england feel about forbidding them use of `` england '' ? 
  there are pros and cons , but people on that territory are called macedonias for a long time . 
  they do n't have any other name for them selfs . 
  my feeing is that politicians in eu want serbia to join more than serbs do . 
  we have a lot of outside pressure to join eu that we started not liking it , especially after we saw what happened to greece 2 years ago . 
  it 's scary and serbian people see it more as occupation than willing joining to some entity we do n't really understand . 
  even is serbia enters eu in 5 to 10 years ( i can not imagine it will be shorter that that ) , there must be some options for sovereign nation to stop migration they do n't want ? 
  at least i 'm expecting there are some solutions , no one really want to go somewhere they are not wanted . 
  and we do n't really want to join eu , right ? 
  that 's at least sentiment in my social circles , and those people are liberal and progressive , and are afraid of economical and political issues that go with joining eu . 
  seams like norway is on the top of the list for last few years . 
  uk is definitely last anyone is thinking about . 
  serbs are so different than people in uk nobody really likes it there . 
  ireland is totally different story thou . 
  you need to do some investigating , not saying there were not wrongdoings and war crimes committed by some serbs , and luckily most of them are in prison in hague . 
  even with that all wars were fought only on territories serbs were living on . 
  and most of serbs were against all of those wars , and still are . 
  just look at how they returned seselj back to serbia , no one is happy about that , we see it as eu wish to destabilise serbia . 
  so it 's not one way street . 
  you would be amazed by how much we like each other . 
  after all , we were 500 years under their rule , big part of serbian genetic material comes from turkey . 
  and a lot of scary stories . 
  since it 's not easy ( yet ! ), 
  to come to uk , it would be nice if you would give us your thoughts . 
  no one wants to go somewhere they are not wanted . 
  but we do have it and will use it in case of real need , and we would need big support from the rest of europe to use it . 
  we are not even close to that kind of situation . 
  in addition to that , it 's really not fair to count gypsies as part of some country , they are entity for themselfs and are not integrated anywhere . 
  they are not bulgarian , romanian or serbians , they are gypsies and have their own problems and freedoms . 
  no one really knows how to handle them , they mostly want different kind of freedom that all our countries are offering and i have uttermost respect for their needs . 
  similar with serbia , we will not be in eu anytime soon and we do n't even really want to be part of eu , that could be economically catastrophic for us . 
  we are just going for it since we are surrounded and do n't really have any choice . 
  beside that , uk is the last country anyone in serbia wants to move to . 
  norway and germany are on top of the list , any everyone who really wants to move , has done it or is in the process of moving . 
  and serbia is small , so it 's not really any problem , especially not for uk . 
  people in spain and portugal are most similar to us , and anyone who had chance to visit spain like spain and spaniards more than any other country/people in eu . 
  yeah , jobs are sparse , but it industry has a lot of openings , i 'm even thinking of moving my small business there . 
  so ... someone comes to your neighbourhood and threatens your family and you will not fight them ? 
  i can not believe that , i 'm more inclined to believe that you can not imagine what really means when war comes to your door . 
  there is no choice in that situation . 
  you really think those soldiers had a choice not to be soldiers ? 
  if someone would made invasion on us soil would you be civilian or soldier while defending your family ( assuming you are not soldier right now ) ? 
  i do trust you , they have turned love towards the nation against the nation . 
  it 's scary how our political situation looks too much like us elections . 
  you got that right , all others are eu puppets , but this dveri are scary . 
  they are like donald trump of serbia . 
  on the other hand , it might be good to have them in parliament with 5 % , at least they might be opposition to ruling party and it 's better to know what they are saying so we can be prepared to defend against it . 
  thou , it 's double edged sword . 
  it 's hard to write any rundown . 
  this are first elections since 2000 . that we do n't have exact numbers of votes by 22h , all media were and are in total control of ruling party and most people in serbia could not even hear about other parties in election . 
  also all opposition parties are talking about a lot of manipulation and wrong doings in election places . 
  this has not happened since 2000 . 
  question for this elections is not about eu and if we are for or against it , but we do know that we are not ready for getting in , question is if we can get some media freedoms back . 
  serbian progressive party + socialist party of serbia are ruling block , those are the same people that were making wars during 90 's and were against eu until 2012 . 
  everyone else were pro-eu before and are now pro-eu . 
  so we do n't have much opposition for going towards to eu ( maybe some 10-15 % of some small parties ) and eu is supporting them , and by doing that they are destroying even that small part of democracy that we had before 2012 , and that is the main reason support for entering eu is going down . 
  right now eu is helping those people destroy serbia . 
  most of this ads are not for soviet market , all names you cam see are latin alphabet , not cyrillic . 
  i will just add that no one before was ever fired in serbia for making sexist remark , let alone some defence minister . 
  it 's also strange that people in current government are not know as someone who respect ( or even understands ) human rights . 
  they were directly involved in all wars and events that happend during 90 's . 
  my guess is the eu is pressuring a them a lot , which is good , but also supporting all this right wing governments across europe , which i do n't really like .
