... what 's your point ? 
  they have wanted a warm water port for centuries . 
  whether or not there are other options is irrelevant ( and obviously they have been using other options ) . 
  i 'm not sure how your statement invalidates centuries of history , no matter how inconvenient . 
  russia has been driven for centuries by a quest for a warm water port . 
  not everything is about having land to farm . 
  there 's a difference between quality and quantity . 
  the ussr ? 
  technically sodomy also means oral sex , too . 
  were this to happen , i think you 'd see a resurgence of american patriotism , with a corresponding surge by those voting for the right . 
   prior to wwii but in the last 100 years that is not japan , nazis , russia so , like , a thirty year timespan , much of which was covered by wwi ? 
  why not just say that ? 
  and while that 's still a very important purpose for education ( and arguably the government 's vested interest in it ) , i hold it secondary to the true value , which is individualistic in nature . 
  what ? 
  your definition does n't , at all , explain the state 's interest in maximizing productivity . 
  it simply says that capitalism is `` a mode of production . '', 
  so what ? 
  two fold : 1 . ), 
  self fulfillment . 
  education is , at the end of the day , the only thing that can never be taken away from you . 
  at the end of the day all should strive for self betterment , and education is the primary way to do that . 
  an educated populace is an intelligent populace . 
  society does have a vested interest in an educated populace , but because such a population is more likely to govern well , rather than for the productivity gains . 
  care to explain why state mandates for productivity sounds capitalist ? 
  education 's only purpose is productivity for the good of society ? 
  wonderful . 
  sounds just a bit collectivist to me . 
  i mean ... no . 
  education is always valuable for its own sake . 
  if you default to this belief its only purpose is productivity , whelp , enjoy your communism . 
  the us currently has over 60,000 military personnel permanently stationed in europe , and is upping its direct expenditure in europe to over 3 billion euro . 
  that 's more than all but ten eu nations ' entire military expenditures , and that 's not counting the passive benefits of a world hegemony , naval patrols ( how many carrier battle groups can europe deploy ? 
  ) , and so on . 
  it 's cheaper to leave the military to the us . 
  i mean , that 's fine . 
  europe has some things that are better , sure . 
  but calling the us a `` nightmare '' is childish pandering . 
  if you want a nightmare , go check out syria or somalia . 
  how many formerly allied democracies have we given the axe to ? 
  yes , yes , it 's a literal nightmare here . 
  do n't know how we manage . 
  ... how can the court designed to uphold the constitution strike down a part of it ? 
  amendments are just as valid as original text . 
  a lot more than just texas has gun culture here . 
  as if germany and the uk do n't also do that . 
  you mean the same spying that germany and the uk were found doing ? 
  which is literally moronic . 
  some of us are curious and like to see an alternative perspective . 
  bizarre conspiracy , right ? 
  numbers time again !, 
  america 's percentage of the economy dedicated to manufacturing in 1907 ? 
  these are really tough numbers to find , but seems to be somewhere around 40 % -50 % . 
  germany 's percentage of the economy dedicated to manufacturing today ? 
  [ 29 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_germany ) . 
  of course , obviously not directly comparable , but not orders of magnitude off , either ( remember , germany 's actually by far the largest export economy in europe ) . 
  would you , instead , like to look at america 's numbers today ? 
  latest census data i could find [ was for 2012 ] ( http://www.census.gov/population/foreign/files/cps2012/2012t1.pdf ) . 
  highlights : in 2012 we had ~ 309 million people , and 40 million naturalized citizens or non-citizen residents . 
  that 's a mind-boggling 13 % immigrants . 
  how in the world could a modern , non-manufacturing economy support such a large number , i wonder ? 
   it is if done in sufficient quantities . 
  smaller nations with more specialised economies can not take on huge numbers of mostly uneducated migrants each generation , and expect it to be anything but a disaster in the long run . 
  this is an interesting statement . 
  let 's look at some numbers , shall we ? 
  [ united states population in 1907 : 87 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_population_in_1907 ) [ immigrants admitted to the us in 1907 : 1.3 million ] ( http://www.history.com/topics/u-s-immigration-before-1965 ) that 's a full 1.5 % of the population were immigrants . 
  [ germany 's population today : 81 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany ) [ migrants expected this year : 1.5 million ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11911291/germany-expects-up-to-1.5-million-migrants-in-2015.html ) that 's 1.9 % of the population . 
  you know , while the numbers are n't exact , they 're actually shockingly close . 
  and you 're really claiming germany ca n't absorb this many ? 
  the us absorbed massive amounts of migrants for a couple centuries ( and we still are , for that matter ) . 
  i 'm sure in this modern day germany can figure out how to deal with the problem the us dealt with a century ago . 
  that 's fine . 
  however , our rich history of immigration is arguably one of our greatest strengths . 
  not every country wants to be that type of melting pot , great , but you can hardly claim importing a foreign workforce every generation is a `` recipe for disaster . '', 
  i dunno , it seems to have worked out well enough for the us . 
   ive been to switzerland and the south so by briefly visiting two places , you 're able to completely describe their entire populations ? 
  man , you 're good at this stuff . 
  i live in the american south . 
  i ca n't believe anybody would bat an eye if a baptist group down here rented a waterpark for a day , and instituted a `` one piece-only '' swimsuit rule , mandating a certain level of modesty from those that attended . 
  how is that any different ? 
  and the beautiful thing about free societies : it 's not your place to judge that . 
  you do you , and they 'll do them . 
  if it 's fine to enforce one dress code , it 's fine to enforce another , even if you do n't personally believe in the motivating factor . 
  that 's the joke . 
  gun `` haters '' very often use grossly incorrect terminology when talking about firearms . 
  what factual mistake do `` gun nuts '' need to educate themselves on ? 
  he 's calling them `` high-cap '' instead of `` standard capacity . '', 
  that 's generally the sign of someone with an agenda . 
  `` mass shooting '' is a worthless term , because it all depends how you define it . 
  those peddling the narrative of how many mass shootings we have simply lowered the required number of people shot , and made it so they only had to be injured , not killed . 
  thus , it looks like we suddenly have tons of mass shootings when , in reality , it 's no more than usual . 
  have ... have you ever considered visiting wisconsin , usa ? 
  because that sounds exactly like those of us in the upper midwest . 
  who decides what is a lie and what is n't ? 
  i 'm not saying the eu as a whole is homogeneous ; i 'm saying that individual member countries tend to be much more homogeneous . 
  and that 's starting to change with the immigration upticks , but you 're only just now getting the friction of trying to integrate large numbers , friction the us has been dealing with since its inception . 
   i do n't think that would fly so easily in the us . 
  really ? 
  we do n't even have an official language . 
  especially in the southern states , there are growing numbers of immigrants that only , or at least primarily , speak spanish , and more and more public services cater to those that do n't speak english . 
  almost every time you call a customer service line for a private company , you 'll hear an automated , `` para espanol , oprima dos '' before continuing with the english dialog .
