  the trivia point about the mozambique flag and the use of swan lake as the music make it . 
  why do n't the ukrainians court a bailout from the eu instead as part of the terms of gaining membership ? 
  what political barriers are there preventing them from looking west ? 
  that depends entirely on how much better the situation gets in greece . 
  they need to incentivize the professional working class to return , which means turning greece around and becoming competitive with these top flight economies again . 
  my mother used to go absolutely mental when my brother and i were kids to maintain the illusion . 
  she 'd have the dog chew on carrots and claim it was reindeer and tread soot into the carpet by the fireplace with an old boot she kept in the shed . 
  given the age of the romanian girl i was talking to about it , she must have been talking about it with reference to how corrupt the government is in general over time . 
  my memory of the conversation with her is fairly hazy , given we were all pretty drunk at the time . 
  he 's reasonably young looking for a man in his sort of position . 
  adviser to european economic policy ? 
  is n't that a job that generally goes to old , unscrupulous bankers ? 
  i can only imagine . 
  my friend 's fuck buddy painted a fairly bad picture of romania . 
  electricity black outs were apparently really common , there were frequent shortages of goods and political corruption was on a completely ridiculous scale . 
  she wound up taking a 5 odd day trip in a sweltering , packed out minivan to reach the uk , and she has n't looked back since . 
  most first hand accounts from soldiers present in the immediate aftermath of the war are fascinating . 
  the one that stood out to me the most was a harrowing first hand account from an american gi whose unit stumbled across a group of vengeful russian soldiers raping a load of civilian german women . 
  when they tried intervening , the russians allegedly fired warning shots and threatened to kill them if they interfered . 
  after a tense face off , the russian co arrived and the americans voiced their grievances with him . 
  the russian officer then approached the women and signaled for them to point out the soldiers that raped them . 
  he then had them shot one after another right there on the spot . 
  the issue being that getting a clear consensus from the european parliament on matters concerning potential sovereignty issues is virtually impossible . 
  no one is prepared to cede extra powers to brussels under any circumstances . 
  before serious political discourse on an in-out referendum in the uk was a thing , the eu was used as a scapegoat pretty much constantly as a media smokescreen by right wing rags . 
  as a result , public opinion on ceding any additional powers to a centralized eu body is insanely unpopular . 
  any chance you have a link on a few examples of said writing ? 
  you 've piqued my interest . 
  we really do have some serious issues to iron out as a collective . 
  obviously , we ca n't blame the whole eu for greece 's manic borrowing ( all member states are guilty of some level of unsustainable borrowing or another ) , but we have to act and place sanctions on the problematic members before the situation becomes more untenable than it already is . 
  even if we have to get really heavy handed , it 's irresponsible of our meps to just wash their hands of the responsibility for greece because they 're looking out for their political careers . 
  i wish someone would strip theresa may of her nationality . 
  i 've been repeatedly telling you that inflation on it 's own can not account for anything without figures for wage growth . 
  i 've literally been saying that over and over again for the duration of our discussion . 
  you 're missing the wage growth figures for comparison with inflation . 
  also , bear in mind that correlation = / = causation . 
  one info point which you may also be interpreting wrong does n't really amount to anything . 
  no idea . 
  i 'm hardly much of a problem solver myself . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 've already answered your question like 3 times already with my explanation of the relation of wage growth to inflation . 
  you 've repeated the same question with minor adjustments to the goalposts 3 times in a row , making the subject question increasingly vague each time . 
  you 've gone from asking for a crude choice between unemployment and inflation , to which i explained that it is n't that simple and other factors apply , to you defending your argument on the flawed assessment that the average current inflation rate across the entire ez meant inflation was irrelevant , to which i further explained that the real term wages flat line was due to cumulative inflation . 
  after this , in spite of the explanation that a crude and poorly defined choice between inflation and unemployment was wrong you then for some reason insisted that i choose between whether the * current * inflation at this point in time or unemployment was responsible for the current economic crisis , despite carefully explaining to you that both options are wrong and it 's in fact a matter of sinking real term wages that lies at the heart of the issue . 
  the fact of the matter is , the biggest issue is neither of the two you have presented . 
  it is in fact wages that need the most attention . 
  at the end of the day though i 'm not conflating inflation with quality of life , i 'm using real term wages as the indicator of that and only use inflation to demonstrate why those real term wages have gradually shrunk in relation to it . 
  i 'm in agreement with you , the solution is a rise in wages relative to the rate of inflation over the space of several years . 
  however , i do n't agree that getting more workers into the work force is an effective way of achieving that . 
  you sound like a knowledgeable guy . 
  what sort of odds do you think there would be to signing up for a union again in terms of public opinion ? 
  what would the general pros and cons be for all parties involved ? 
  what 's public opinion on the issue really like ? 
  belfast 's been getting some flak lately from nationalists flipping their shit , does that sentiment generally apply to the public or is it just a crazy minority the mainstream population generally roll their eyes at ? 
  that 's why you do n't conclude it as a fact . 
  all you can note are possibilities . 
  you do n't make foregone conclusions on anything . 
  while i also appreciate the long standing connection between britain and france , i do n't really like the idea of a political union between the two states for a bunch of reasons . 
  primarily , both countries have distinct languages and cultures . 
  sure , we 've bounced ideas off each other and our languages are accented with loan words from each other , but were still very distinct . 
  bridging that cultural divide would be the key issue standing in the way of a union . 
  we 've raised each other up through direct competition and built up a storied history of conflict with each other . 
  both states would n't be what they are today if the other did n't exist . 
  if britain and france were n't pushing each other constantly through out history i highly doubt either of them would have come as far as they have . 
  did the anglo-american interest groups even consider the possibility that germany would rise phoenix like from the ashes of the second world war to economically lead in europe ? 
  my friend 's romanian fuck buddy sat me down to talk me through the situation in romania compared to here in britain and it just seemed staggering how bad things are out there . 
  i do n't even understand why romania was allowed into the eu given the apparent level of corruption from the state . 
  it makes burlusconi 's crazed hegemony in italy look mild in comparison . 
  ooh , shiny !, 
  of course not . 
  nonetheless it 's still important to consider this when reflecting on the data . 
  okay , so maybe there was a disproportionate amount of stabbing being doled out here , a little more strangling there ... what matters is that we 've been engaging in cultural exchange for all the time that we 've been at it , which translates into like 600 years of it when you trace back anglo-irish relations . 
  that 's a rather twisted way of interpreting the issue . 
  you 're cutting out the essential relationship of year on year inflation deficits on wage growth . 
  they 're critical to each other and * drive * demand for labour . 
  let 's assume you try to maximize total number of workers at the expense of wages . 
  what good will it do for the people now working that their wages have been slashed to make space for them in the work force ? 
  how will that give them any semblance of social mobility or improve their quality of life , let alone account for the knock on effect their decreased spending power has on the larger economy ? 
  you 'll be producing more goods and services , but the value of these will be greatly reduced as a result of making room for the unemployed . 
  you 're constraining the question so that it can only be one loaded answer or another . 
  what i 've been saying from the start is that the key issue at the center of the euro zone 's economic crisis is the cumulative effect of inflation against real term wages . 
  not unemployment . 
  not the current figure of what inflation is right this second . 
  what i am saying is that the issue at the heart of it all is how much money people have in their pocket right now vs how much things currently cost . 
  not what they 're projected to cost in the future ( although this does factor into the problem ) , or how many people are n't earning wages ( which certainly exacerbates the issue as well ) . 
  eh , we 've been stabbing , strangling and starving each other for some 600 years . 
  somewhere down the line we wound up fairly similar . 
  we 've got a lot of cultural common ground from all the years we were integrated together into one union . 
  before that we were already fairly similar from engaging in all that cultural exchange at sword/gunpoint for like 700 years anyway . 
  if we had n't treated you guys like second class citizens back with that incident with the potatoes then we might still have been one big old country still . 
  as you 've mentioned , were pretty much still just 2 steps shy of a full blown union anyway . 
  i mean , holy crap we can vote in each others ' elections for christ 's sake !, 
  that 's about as integrated as you can get between two countries without them being the same state . 
  i think all the common history is pretty much one of the most convincing reasons for political union in the first place personally . 
  if there was n't so much bad blood built up from years of repression and so on we 'd probably have kept them on board rather than split them off after that nasty episode with the potatoes . 
  it 's also important to note that the average person on the street does n't think about it in terms of wage growth against inflation . 
  when they notice things seem a bit more expensive , they just chalk it up to inflation rather than the fact their wages have n't grown . 
  the data given lists it simply as `` inflation/price increases '' as well , so many of those people probably do n't even understand things like inflation and just note that things seem more expensive . 
  i 'm sorry if this is confusing you , i 'm trying to explain that i 'm more concerned with real term wages than inflation on it 's own , but you ca n't really discuss wages and spending power without talking about how inflation factors into it in a long term view . 
  recent figures of current rate of inflation do n't give you an accurate picture of how things are on their own .
