  we cant tolerate this sort of subversion right on our doorstep , particularly in an area we 've been interested in extending our sphere of influence in for some time . 
  if we do n't push back in some form or another then were no better than the ukrainian parliament that moved to appease russian demands over gas prices . 
  when it comes to friction between great powers , all the cards * must * be on the table , given what 's potentially at stake . 
  that it 's possibly the most recognizable national anthem of all ( yes , that is god save the queen btw ) . 
  that said , we have a lot of proposed alternatives as you say , my favourite of which is [ i vow to thee , my country ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh8iljlbnny ) . 
  that 's true . 
  what is the political state of the russian military these days ? 
  would they be likely to usurp putin 's government if war with the west became likely ? 
  just how corrupt are the russian military anyway ? 
  sadly for the russian proletariat , putin is backed by a modern military with firepower several times the magnitude of anything they can muster up , regardless of how organized they become . 
  violent revolution in a developed country like russia is a pipe dream . 
  pretty sure the facade of democracy in russia is thin enough these days that he can just ignore the public now . 
  we 'd be lucky . 
  that paper 's more or less untouchable at this stage of the game . 
  that said , it 's still a big problem . 
  france has the right idea about power infrastructure . 
  if it was n't for the toxic press surrounding nuclear power we 'd be able to cut energy sector related fatalities by a very large margin . 
  coal power may not kill people as spectacularly as a nuclear meltdown may , but it 's every bit as miserable for the victims who slowly choke to death on black lung and incurable cancers . 
  the figures for sheer amount of deaths per year trumps those of the nuclear energy sector by several orders of magnitude . 
  it 's simply inhumane to continue depending on coal . 
  on what grounds should we reject people at the border though ? 
  simply for being muslim ? 
  it 's highly unlikely an extremist is going to broadcast his intentions to bomb a place on his visa application . 
  trying to compromise with extremists is n't what i 'm talking about . 
  people who are already committed to radical islam are very unlikely to be swayed . 
  however , their children is another matter entirely . 
  in my country , there are growing numbers of the indian and pakistani community rejecting the traditional way of life their parents want them to follow . 
  they 're saying no to arranged marriages , turning their back on the beliefs of their parents and embracing a western way of life instead . 
  that is what we should be aiming for . 
  by making people from a non radicalized muslim background feel welcome in our communities we can dissuade them from militancy . 
  if we show them the grass is greener and that they * are * welcome then we can slowly starve groups like al qaeda of their source of recruitment . 
  what we should be saying no to is n't muslims , but muslim only schools and other subversive organizations where malignant figures can spread a message of hate unchallenged behind closed doors . 
  we need to insist on secular schooling for everyone . 
  religious studies can play a role in school , but it has to be a fair one . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it 's a celebration of a way of life that flies in the face of the moral and cultural beliefs of western civilization , and is completely incompatible with our modern world where we prize freedom of expression and religious tolerance for all people . 
  those in the western european muslim community supporting the radicals fighting to impose a theocracy on the people of syria are essentially spitting on the values of their host nations . 
  it 's positively galling to know that this is happening . 
  with that said however i would recommend against marginalizing the muslim community . 
  disenfranchising them will only drive more of them to extremism . 
  we need to try and build an in road to coexistence so as to dissuade more people from adopting radical beliefs . 
  this is much easier said than done , but fomenting hate and dividing us from them via fear-mongering is definitely a mistake . 
  we * must * find a way to meet the muslim community half way without resorting to some sort of crackdown that will inevitably escalate radicalization . 
  it would require careful legislation , but i do n't think an independent body capable of working apolitically is inherently impossible . 
  i believe with the right approach and the right leadership such an organization is possible . 
  everything is prone to eventual corruption and subversion , i know . 
  but this can be resisted with the right approach when writing it 's charter and in fostering the organization 's culture . 
  then how about this ; we do n't need an informed society , but rather a pr culture that fosters an informed society . 
  strict management of mass media and an insistence on nothing but clear facts from news sources with zero political slant . 
  tl ; dr outlaw political bias in news media outright . 
  allow nothing but a neutral dialogue that must pass through an independent regulatory body before getting the green light to be released to the public . 
  it would have to come down to sanctions or a full blown embargo at the very most . 
  you have to understand that to just let russia have it 's way and brazenly invade a neighbouring country the eu is actually courting to join their bloc without any reaction at all would have far reaching consequences beyond our relationship with russia and ukraine . 
  confidence in european governments would crumble and a massive amount of diplomatic influence would be lost globally as a result as protection agreements all become inundated by the precedent set by a ukrainian invasion . 
  agreements with other countries will be much harder to come by if we let the russians have their way . 
  that would be nice , but sadly that 's not how global politics works . 
  one of the only reasons nk has lasted as long as it has is precisely because it 's small . 
  if russia was to try and live in complete economic isolation from the international community it would come under a lot more fire from authority figures for a lot of different reasons . 
  firstly , russia would have a much harder timing executing the absolute authorative control the north korean government does , given the sheer size of the territory russia presides over . 
  secondly , the veil slipped over the eyes of the people of north korea in the mid 20th century , well before the information age . 
  trying to control the masses in russia who have been readily exposed to outside information since at least the end of the cold war some 20 years ago will be much more difficult . 
  thirdly , with my second point in mind do you really think people with the slightest idea of what 's going on ( there would be quite a few at this point ) would wish to stay in russia ? 
  there would be an unprecedented brain drain which the russian government would be poorly equipped to control . 
  there 's a lot more that would be holding them back from becoming a hermit state , but i dont want this wall of text to drag on forever . 
  long story short , you should n't believe russia would go to such extreme lengths . 
  they 're clamoring for a seat at the dinner table with us , they 're just trying to sneak a larger slice of the pie than they 're entitled to . 
  if they want to muscle in on russia 's action then they should try cutting us a deal . 
  market forces are irresistible . 
  if they want us to boycott russia 's energy exports they 'll need to offer a better price than them . 
  makes you feel sorry for the common russian really . 
  it 's a shame a nation recognized worldwide for it 's contributions to the arts and sciences is being overshadowed by the overly authoritarian governments that have ruled there for centuries . 
  is it just me or do all great russians get on the wrong side of the state ? 
  as someone who advocates a federal european super state , i 'd be happy to see any further kind of integration between the member states of the eu , especially such an important apparatus of the state as energy management . 
  if the move was a success and helped us to establish energy independence from russia while keeping prices stable it would be grounds to pursue further political union in the future . 
  we ca n't depend on the us to always look out for our best interests and it 's been made clear that russia is still a hostile state in direct competition with us that we will need to confront in the future . 
  in my opinion , the best way we can deal with these problems is to pool our resources and stand united as one state in federal union . 
  collectively we are the largest consumer market in the world . 
  if we harnessed our market power and world class institutions we could stand on even footing with both russia and the us in all future negotiations . 
  the eu is n't a political midget and it 's about time we realized our potential and make that known to the world . 
  i personally doubt that would be the case . 
  if it was really just a bunch of hired street trash then the secret would already be out . 
  if these men * are * rabble rousers being sent over by russia ( something that seems like a likely possibility at this stage ) then they 're people the russian state can trust to keep their mouth shut . 
  it does n't take a political analyst to tell you that if any of these men came forward and admitted they were just stirring up trouble to justify the russian annexation of crimea it would result in a political fallout of enormous proportions . 
  hey , hitler had his olympics . 
  now putin has his . 
  china : `` fuck you guys !, 
  china relevant !, 
  china important ! '', 
  b-but the beatles are english ... 
  [ ladies and gentlemen , the winner is ... ] ( http://i.minus.com/inm4u1x4f5xgg.gif ), 
  so what about combustion engines ? 
  could n't they theoretically be a no go for devout jews ? 
  they should try incorporating more cultural exchange into the curriculum . 
  if you can get kids fascinated with the country itself then it encourages them to learn . 
  whose idea was this anyway ? 
  who gets all that reclaimed land ? 
  if the actual idea was economically cripple the netherlands , i have a small inkling that it was a british idea . 
  while all the advances you 've mentioned are coming , you 're overlooking matters of logistics and economics . 
  a couple of automated sectors does not equate a post labour state . 
  despite being heavily automated already , farming still requires a great deal of human labour and oversight .
