i cant understand how the russians could so poorly mishandle their intelligence and subsequent cover up attempts . 
  surely they understand that when they post things on the internet they 're up for good , even if they delete the post afterwards ? 
  why are they even allowing military figures to report things like a shot down plane when the whole point of the military creep in crimea was to maintain plausible deniability of russian state involvement with the rebels ? 
  surely you 'd at least keep it all under wraps until you had a better grasp on the situation and were sure the information was safe to release to the public . 
  even in the case of the wikipedia editing , they should realize that every edit is logged so mods can keep track of activity to ensure the information is sourced properly . 
  this is basic information that anyone with a head on their shoulders in the 21st century understands . 
  why is the state apparatus of a former superpower apparently unable to understand this ? 
  in the first place , why are they even firing on aircraft they can not positively identify as a military target ? 
  even the grunts in modern front line infantry know not to open fire until they 've confirmed the people they 're shooting at are enemies . 
  this sort of rigor is doubly so for people manning things like aa weapons , which are normally equipped to identify their targets these days as it is . 
  it simply boggles my mind that a government like russia 's could be this bumbling . 
  it 's like they do n't even care about covering their tracks or educating themselves about electronic intelligence . 
  it beggars belief . 
  the first world is one big international community who 're all joined at the hip these days . 
  given article 9 of their constitution japan 's national security more or less depends on the us navy these days . 
  if the us and their western allies are sanctioning someone , you 'd better believe japan are going to get on board too . 
  i do n't know if it 's just me , but i 'm a bit wary of giving the government the ability to systematically arrest people for publicly supporting movements so long as they can label them violent . 
  all it would take is one ugly protest and they could bring the police down on virtually any dissenters , regardless of their legitimacy or whether they address an actual issue in society . 
  censure against violent fundamentalism is great and i believe invasive groups of fundamentalists should be resisted to the fullest . 
  however , giving the government powers to actively suppress people sets a very troubling precedent . 
  and that 's irrelevant to the people of the united kingdom of the 21st century . 
  the overwhelming majority of people in all regions speak english these days . 
  obscure regional languages like gaelic or cornish simply do n't matter to people except those with an invested interest , who are n't subjected the treatment their ancestors were 3 or so generations back . 
  what may have been frowned upon in the past is just a footnote of history today i 'm afraid . 
  people have moved on . 
  the edl link never even crossed my mind . 
  i chose the jack simply because it represents my national identity . 
  i was born into a united kingdom that has become culturally and politically bound for over 300 years . 
  to me there is no significant cultural difference between the english and the scots that is n't superficial to the average englishman or scot . 
  we speak the same language , we have the same national quirks and proclivities , and we all grew up in what is essentially the same nation . 
  if after all this time i cant consider scottish people my countrymen , then how could i possibly say the same of the welsh or the northern irish ? 
  if a second center of commerce was established outside of london it would be difficult to figure where it should be . 
  from personal experience visiting up north they 're definitely in need of some kind of stimulus , particularly in wolverhampton . 
  that said , it 's well known that wales is the poorest part of the country , so it 's probably even worse there than what i saw in north england . 
  long story short , you 're happy for the uk to revolve even more around the city of london ? 
  that 's exactly where all this market money is going to go . 
  i understand they believe a fully independent government would mean better governance , but that 's not what i asked . 
  i asked what they stand to gain in * real terms * . 
  so is the us debt ok/good because the money is still retained in the us economy whereas the greek situation is bad because it 's hemorrhaging money out of it 's system ? 
  if the money in the us economy is just swirling around between various government departments then does it actually benefit anyone outside of the public sector ? 
  so what are the odds of the split actually happening now ? 
  what do the scots stand to gain in real terms ? 
  depends on how they intend to conduct this rapid response force really . 
  if it 's used as it 's said and deploys to reinforce areas as a kind of ground holding vanguard to make time for weapons deployment in the region then it should be at least fairly useful to the poles and their immediate neighbours . 
  of course , it 's important to recognize what this allocation of manpower is ; a bandaid measure intended simply to buy time in the unlikely event of war in europe . 
  this 3500 man task force is n't going to single handedly defeat russia if it oversteps it 's bounds . 
  it 's there to shore up frontline defense while the politicians twiddle their thumbs and argue over whether or not to dedicate a more substantial military investment to the area . 
  sadly i 'm not knowledgeable enough to comment on the actual composition of the country and the nature of it 's institutions , but i do know that you hardly had much fun for the past few hundred years . 
  if it was n't an authoritative , one party communist system it was centuries of tsardom and the tatar yolk even before that . 
  the proletariat had a hard time getting by either way . 
  my heart goes out to the russian people . 
  you guys just have no luck when it comes to governments and leaders . 
  something that does bother me though is this ; if it did come to direct confrontation with russia over ukraine and a war happened , would the nukes fly ? 
  surely russia would be rocked more from the destruction of the economic infrastructure in the west than by risking conventional war . 
  it 's sort of like how certain infrastructure was overlooked in the past even in times of total war . 
  even then when whole economies were geared towards the war effort there was still a level of restraint when it came to fighting over territory that people actually cared about . 
  in the closing days of the second world war , the german factories and research institutes were spared shelling because they offered a greater benefit to the winners of the war still standing . 
  it is n't so much of a leap to say that point still stands today for both european and russian big business . 
  so with all this in consideration , would the nukes fly ? 
  would russia , france or britain really be willing to risk losing everything , including everything that existed beyond their own countries , just so they do n't `` lose '' the war ? 
  would they be unwilling to negotiate a compromise as was the way of settling conflicts in the period before the two world wars changed the way we handled our defeated enemies in the 20th century ? 
  it 's a shame how accurate this cynical answer likely is . 
  western governments are n't prepared to risk a war with russia right on their doorstep , particularly when that means the russians would be turning off the gas . 
  rapid reaction to military action along the border . 
  still fairly unlikely . 
  last i checked polling suggests everyone 's in favour of staying . 
  the only people seriously in favour of leaving are ukip/ex edl skin heads up in the north . 
  it is an army bred for a single purpose to defend the ( western ) world from russia . 
  is it just me or do those whiskey swilling leprechauns in ireland need to pull their act together and join nato already ? 
  ca n't have a jolly old war in europe without the british , can we old chap ? 
  my body is ready . 
  pretty much sums it up . 
  they 're one of the largest growing minority communities in the uk and make an easy scapegoat for right wing papers to point their finger at and blame for the country 's unemployment problem . 
  this right wing media slant has been fueling the fire of anti foreigner sentiment and has been instrumental in the rise of ukip in this country . 
  well , technically the uk and ireland have opted out of schengen and have their own agreements with the rest of the eurozone which makes them accessible for the rest of europe . 
  that said , i 'd personally advocate coming here . 
  my friend 's girlfriend is romanian and she said the difference in quality of life was like night and day . 
  there 's a bit of an anti foreigner thing going on with a lot of the paper media here ( they especially hate the poles ) , but the reality is if you 're prepared to integrate , speak the indigenous language and not cause any trouble then you 're more than welcome here . 
  a friend of mine was shaken down by german police while he was back packing across europe . 
  they took his tent , his and his girlfriend 's packs and their wallets including their id , refused to name themselves when asked , and then left them stranded by the roadside with no idea where they were . 
  it 's a throw between them and lithuanian girls . 
  both have a disproportionate amount of staggeringly beautiful women . 
  luck of the draw i 'm afraid , my good man . 
  do n't hate the players , hate the game . 
  think they 'd be happier with some nice modern fighters and awacs personally . 
  air superiority wins wars . 
  plausible deniability is a bitch some times . 
  you send a bunch of your countrymen out to get their hands dirty for the national interest , then you throw them under the bus at the first sign of your plan getting outed to the media . 
  it 's disgusting in my opinion . 
  everyone knows what 's really happening , but so long as there 's no concrete evidence and the cover story holds they can just keep wringing their hands and lying through their teeth with no consequences for their actions . 
  of course , it has to be the bloody french that cant speak a lick of english . 
  they 're resisting us right to the bitter end , the wine swilling bastards !, 
  you 'll have to forgive me if i 'm mistaken , but has n't the current conflict in ukraine come about as a result of the ukraine -- european union association agreement ? 
  we sought to establish closer ties with ukraine and shut out the russians from what was originally their sphere of influence . 
  this prompted the russians to pressure the president of ukraine at the time , yanukovych , into signing a treaty with russia instead . 
  this instigated the riots in kiev which spiraled out of control , eventually resulting in the russian occupation of crimea and the current situation of civil war in ukraine . 
  with this knowledge in mind , how is ukraine 's current predicament anyone 's responsibility but the eu 's and russia 's ? 
  america had no obvious hand to play in the treaty we 'd approached the ukrainians with . 
  it was a power struggle between the eu and russia over influence over ukraine 's economy from the start . 
  normally i 'd agree , but this is as close to an eu problem as we can get and if we can address the issue by banding together with the americans to launch a concerted push against the russian government then fine .
