  thus in a dispensary an intellectual will have to wait until all the workers have been treated . 
  being an intellectual in the ussr seemed tough . 
  jesus that crash in the 90s . 
  sounds terrible . 
  how were the quality of the doctors themselves ? 
  were they trained to a decent standard and simply lacking in resources/morals or were a lot of them quacks ? 
  just want to shamelessly piggyback on op 's thread to ask how health care was in the soviet union ? 
  here in the uk we have a national health service and by and large i think it 's a good system . 
  any former patients/nurses/doctors in soviet hospitals mind telling me about their experiences ? 
  all animals are equal , but some are more equal than others . 
  european federalists report in . 
   mostly it 's the opposite . 
  the risk of being caught is low another thing that makes a case for a greater slice of the national budget . 
  in terms of enforcement an active police presence on the high streets and fast , appropriate response to crime is critical and currently lacking , something that can only be tackled with greater numbers of officers active in the community . 
  sorry , i should have been clearer . 
  i 'm talking regardability in terms of how they translate into sales numbers , of which from what i can tell from 2015 stats bmw was the # 1 premium seller , with numbers that put it in the same scale of sales as brands targeted directly at people with a lower budget . 
  it achieves this because despite being a premium brand a number of its models are still highly affordable for middle class people , outstripping many brands leaned more towards production of family cars . 
   what we want to do is to stop children being raped . 
  of course , i agree 100 % . 
  the reason i take my stance is because i feel that severe punishment and high profile cases would deter rapes while also giving genuine justice to victims . 
  you need to balance these two requirements against each other , but currently action on both fronts is lacking due to a variety of factors , including relative overcrowding in prisons and a lack of justice department funding across a range of european countries . 
  in the case of germany [ occupancy levels are currently within a somewhat safe range of 87.6 % ] ( http://www.prisonstudies.org/country/germany ) , but its important to bear in mind that the remaining 12.4 % only accounts for 9110 prisoners total , of which many of these are n't suitable for prisoners of serious crimes . 
  what this means for courts is that in some situations sentences for crimes may be reduced to keep prisons from overcrowding , which is a perversion of justice . 
  coming from the uk , i 'm all too familiar with this outcome , with our occupancy where i live in england [ currently standing at 112.7 % . 
  ] ( http://www.prisonstudies.org/country/united-kingdom-england-wales ) suspended sentences for serious crimes are common , and people failed by the justice system are left by the wayside . 
  the only true solution is to inflate the budgets of ailing justice departments so that they have the means to manage their criminal population in a way that is fair for victims . 
  punishment 100 % has a place in the court room and it definitely makes most would be criminals think twice . 
  hardcore criminals however are likely to break the law regardless of what punishment is in place , so it makes sense to simply keep unrepentant repeat offenders locked away on long term sentences . 
  this does n't mean you do n't offer them a path for reform , simply that you treat their crimes with the seriousness that it deserves . 
   at what point is consent even a question ? 
  its a 10 year old kid ? 
  what the ever loving fuck has the world come to that he got off with 7 years and e5 ,000 compensation ? 
  what an insult to his victim , e5 ,000 for a lifetime of counselling , likely drug/alcohol issues , and the serious pressure this will put on the child 's ability to trust anyone for the rest of his life . 
  i agree with this , and think longer term punishments for raping children should definitely be in place ( minimum sentence 10-15 years with minimum 10 years of no parole is what i 'm personally leaning towards in cases of young children being raped ) , but we need to ask the question how are we going to bump up the justice budget to accommodate this ? 
  this has to happen , but without funding all the outrage and venting on the internet is just white noise . 
  lets be completely honest here . 
  brands like honda , mitsubishi and toyota are much more highly regarded among consumers than daewoo and hyundai are . 
  they stand on equal footing with home grown products like bmw and volkswagen at the very least , and will definitely give them a hard time in the market if given greater freedom to distribute in the eu . 
  [ toyota 's sales figures in million units for 2015 ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/271608/global-vehicle-sales-of-automobile-manufacturers/ ) just edge out volkswagen group 's on the global market as is . 
  greater freedom to operate will only result in a larger share of the market , which will inevitably come from other outlets in the region . 
  tried that in ukraine and there was a nasty riot over it when russia got upset about it and turned off the gas taps . 
  then crimea happened . 
  its things like this that make me feel that brexit is truly a travesty . 
  with tpp dead in the water , it opens the door for the only alternative to the american market to fill the void in asia . 
  we 've essentially cut ourselves out of this opportunity . 
  it 'll be 120 % because the statistic will be fixed and the russian think tanks responsible for it wont bother to make it look believable because they know no one will care . 
  first thing that sprung to mind is the practice of `` erasing '' people during the stalin era in the soviet union . 
  they would doctor all photos which contained politically inconvenient people side by side with the party leadership . 
  this sets a rather scary precedent . 
  truly , you are the dorne of europe . 
  spain , sweden , poland and ireland . 
  you guys are alright . 
  it would be scarier as a 5 nights at freddie 's style animatronic . 
   perfect darkness  lightning bolts cracking at 0.5 sec . 
  intervals should have cracked on some sandstorm and danced your tits off . 
  land of lightning !, 
  1756 marked the beginning of a tumultuous but ultimately profitable period for britain with the beginning of the 7 years war . 
  a world war in its own right , every great european power was involved , divided into two opposing sides ; prussia and hanover sided with the british , while spain , austria , russia and sweden sided with france . 
  in india , british and french colonial forces faced off along with indigenous allies to determine the future rulers of bengal . 
  similar colonial conflicts broke out across america and the caribbean between the british and other colonial powers . 
  the stakes were massive ; the winner of this war would establish themselves as the first world power with overwhelming dominance over the world 's oceans with their sea power . 
  france would have their indian ambitions crushed and lose much of french canada . 
  spain would lose florida to britain but gain louisiana from their french allies . 
  in a nutshell , the 7 years war would have monumental consequences for europe , and therefore the world . 
  before the conflict the world was far more multipolar , with france and spain 's empires keeping british power in check . 
  by its end britain held the entirety of the eastern coast of the americas , maintained lucrative sugar plantations in the caribbean and stamped out all serious competition in india , setting the stage for its later subjugation and complete monopoly of their spice and textiles . 
  is brandenburg taken ? 
  thinking this game could use some prussiacation . 
   low income people find it particularly difficult to move and adapt . 
  particularly when purchasing power is low and house prices are outrageous . 
  that would honestly be the last straw if it happens . 
  i can barely tolerate 7/8 months of miserable grey skies and the rain and the coldness as is . 
  if it was a permanent deal i 'd just emigrate somewhere . 
  directly responsible for the mining operation at the cerro rico , a mountain in bolivia that was fabled for its vast reserves of silver . 
  though largely depleted today , people still mine there for silver , as well as tin . 
  it 's known as `` the mountain that eats men '' due to the horrific number of people that have died as a result of working the mines , with as many as 8 million people having died there since the 16th century . 
  population per capita is insufficent . 
  only once we 've reached avogadro 's number in population per capita will we have peaked . 
   at what pointwas ` western europe ' rather than ` that bit of france ' in danger ? 
  does spain not count as western europe ? 
  iberia was recovered years later in [ the reconquista . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reconquista ) ca n't fault a man for only being able to do so much . 
  tajani hits the nail on the head with this one ; africa requires massive investment to dissuade immigration and redress the economic imbalance that has led to repeated outbreaks of violence and chaos on the world 's largest continent . 
  though a painful hit to the wallet , everyone would stand to benefit from this kind of arrangement . 
  despite appearances , we live in an increasingly stable world order ; most of asia , europe and the americas are peaceful and developing their economies in a positive direction . 
  the only regions where human suffering still hits fever pitch are africa and the middle east . 
  setting aside the middle east for a second , the problems of african countries are extremely complex . 
  many of the governments are supremely corrupt and enforce a system that makes social mobility impossible . 
  africa is massive . 
  it possesses the natural resources to flourish if only governments could overcome mismanagement and loosen their grip on the market as far as small-medium businesses were concerned . 
   they will have no more root , culturally lost , a perfect product for the modern society tell that to the muslim immigrants . 
  they 've set down new roots quite nicely in birmingham and london . 
  can anyone from italy please post their recipe for the best casual pasta dish they know ? 
  many thanks !, 
  - a hungry student, 
  pretty sure they 've never taken a pro league . 
  from my current understanding ( not as into league as dota ) it 's a chinese dominated scene . 
  edit : got a whole bunch of stuff mixed up . 
  was thinking of the chinese pro league for some reason lol . 
  still standby my position on them not being overall e-sport champs .
