  as nationally important as the founding of the nhs was in 1948 , i feel the impact of britain 's poor handling of the suez situation was the first real crack in our legitimacy as a world super power , an event of extreme international importance . 
  what about first blood ? 
  that film was about rambo fighting the injustice of american police and lashing out for the public ostracizing vietnam vets and calling em baby killers and things . 
  i always love a happy ending . 
  so basically were like a jaded pimp and china 's a high class hooker with stockholm syndrome ? 
  well , you did did n't you ? 
  at least you own your mistakes unlike a certain war time ally ... 
  well , we certainly went masquerading around the world pretending to grant people their wishes in return for oil and clay back in our adventurous days . 
  as a briton it 's nice to see that after all these years our international reputation still precedes us . 
  did the left wing demonstrators mobilize with the intention of commiting violence though or is it the work of a minority group within the demonstrators that doe n't represent the majority taking advantage of the situation ? 
  football is definitely not wales ' game . 
  i think slovakia and russia are probably odds on to place better than them , with england topping the group . 
   group b easy mode for england . 
  this reminds me a little of the controversy surrounding green lane mosque in birmingham . 
  the imams regularly preaching there were caught on tape instigating divisive teachings to their congregation , imploring them to exist as a `` state within a state '' , that apostates and gay people should be murdered , as well as preaching that women are born deficient and inferior to men . 
  shocking incidents like gang rape and violence are something society has to live with if it 's to preserve its egalitarian values . 
  people commonly believe that the way we should be tackling these crimes is to remove a perceived trouble minority , or simply restrict the rights of the public wholesale . 
  no one discusses the possiblity of deterring crime by trying to improve the impact of the police and the judicial system in catching and punishing these kinds of criminals . 
  so long as the children of culturally adverserial minorities are made to know they 're a part of the home culture during their school years most will defect from their traditional culture . 
  the ones that need to be addressed are the adults with a fully formed cultural identity that commit these kinds of crimes . 
  if police had more man power with which to pursue these kinds of crimes and the courts were made to dole out harsher sentences then these high profile rape gang cases will decrease . 
  this would create positive feedback effect , as the greater results of the police and courts would encourage victims of these kinds of crimes to come forward to help uncover criminals that might have otherwise gone unpunished , while those previously inclined to groom vulnerable girls in this way would be deterred from putting themselves at risk of severe long term imprisonment . 
  long story short , by empowering the police and court system we can foster trust from the community , which will increase reporting rates and allow for these sorts of crimes to be solved more effectively . 
  doing so will have the added effect of reducing the amount of people perpetrating similar crimes in the future . 
  blame the tories ; the original saturday morning cartoon villains circa 1678 . 
  it took over 1000 years to shake off the yoke of organized state religion in europe , and there was a lot of terrible conflicts and genocides in the process . 
  after the reformation happened and protestantism beame a thing , europe was set ablaze with conflict as the catholics tried to reinstate their influence over the tear aways . 
  is it just me or is history repeating itself again ? 
  mussolini was the forerunner of fascism , paving the way for germany 's fascist dictatorship . 
  burlusconi has paved the way for this style of outsider rabble rousing politics in the modern age , before being emulated on a grander scale by trump in america . 
  the world needs the true left more than ever . 
  with major western countries swinging further and further right , we need a political movement capable of protecting the interests of ordinary working men and women . 
  reminds me of that brief period where anarchism worked in spain before it was all torn up by franco . 
  george orwell spoke positively of the way they organized society . 
   why is britain leaving the eu because there are more jingoist old racists than young people at the moment . 
  we need them fighting our corner too because of the geopolitical significance of the country . 
  it 's an essential site for us bases in the area . 
   no they wo n't . 
  even if they ca n't find a job , they 'll live off welfare . 
  it 's true that they 'll have a more comfortable life compared to before . 
  they 'll have basic material goods and the means to survive in relative comfort , but not the means to live a dignified life . 
  as someone who has gone through a long period of joblessness i can personally attest to the effect this has on your mental health . 
  depression , numbness , suicidal ideation , plans , and eventually an attempt of some kind to kill yourself . 
  granted , i was alone . 
  how a family would cope in this sort of situation i ca n't say . 
  your grandparents ? 
   implying poor villagers had any cinnamon to spare for an expensive joke at the expense of their spinsters, 
  while i agree that this can be used as an underhanded tactic to derail a casual , informal discussion , i believe some measure of proof is required for claims in a genuine debate where the point is to hash out the truth and in most cases to establish an ideal stance that we can all agree on for the issue under debate . 
  in informal discussions its courteous to give people benefit of the doubt , but we should definitely hold claims to a higher standard in debates on serious issues . 
  if people accepted anything someone said with benefit of the doubt in this way concerning important matters then it becomes easy for people to spread misinformation . 
  if you know something that you feel absolutely has to be shared and will add value to a debate but feel that it 's controversial information that will be questioned , try to secure a source of some kind first . 
  of course , that does n't mean you should n't speak out if you cant find one , just be sure to disclaim that you do n't have a source on hand . 
  this is the fairest way to approach this issue i find . 
  if someone 's a dick about the lack of a source despite you being honest and upfront and try to discredit a potential point of information without a real cause to do so , then they 're firmly in the wrong and should be called out for it . 
  just as lack of a source does n't confirm information , attempts to discredit a particular information without anything backing it up is just hypocrisy . 
  edit : accidentally some words, 
  is there a problem with asking for sources ? 
  fairly sure a great deal of them see themselves as a race apart from kaffirs and kufaar . 
  i do . 
  it 's a step in the wrong direction and will only further agitate extremists . 
  the community school i attended in the south of england only offered french and german as compulsory classes and you only did one or the other , seemingly at random . 
  then from year 9 when you choose your extras spanish was an option . 
  looks like russia are making plays again . 
  just when you think they 're crippled and safely contained they somehow pull out another whammy . 
  interesting how much putin 's administration have been asserting themselves in the middle east in recent years ... 
  supporting assad 's regime on the one hand while courting erdogan 's turkey on the other . 
  the benefit of flipping turkey is pretty simple and clear cut , but propping up assad 's failing autocracy probably has a bit more nuance to it beyond doing it simply for the sake of undermining the western proxy of the free syrian army/kurdish ypg/ypj, 
  the only other major countries with the poor judgement to follow america into that clusterfuck were poland and australia . 
  for the record , australia is n't even a member of the alliance , but a close partner . 
  nato is comprised of 28 member states . 
  america may be the muscle behind the organization , but when only 2 other members and a partner follow you to the most pivotal conflict of the 21st century so far , it 's a bit underwhelming to say the least . 
  the war in iraq was bilateral with the uk . 
  not many other major nato allies joined in the conflict . 
  i think even if you told them the facts they 'd still be against it because they simply do n't understand what it means . 
  it 's the classic `` muh chernobyl + fukushima '' mentality . 
  * rustling of tinfoil intensifies *, 
  it 's funny , because losing aid might actually be a help to a number of african countries whose markets have been ravaged by injections of free goods . 
  [ poverty inc. ] ( https://vimeo.com/ondemand/povertyinc ) was a good take on this problem . 
  because venice siding with the muslim infidels really counts, 
  recruiting a pious and true christian for milan next session . 
  for too long has italy stood idly by while the rest of europe has bled . 
  london 's burning . 
  lads is the england player coming back or do you need a new perfidious islander for the next session ? 
  i do n't even need to understand greek to know what this is . 
  l i n g u a f r a n c a, 
  just what languages cant this man speak ? 
  something something armenian genocide . 
  pedro ii , emperor of brazil was originally portuguese royalty and came to epitomize to me what it meant to run a colonial empire benevolently . 
  he relinquished his claim to portugal 's throne so as to style himself as a true brazillian monarch , protected native inhabitants civil rights , freedom of speech and gave them an equal stake in the national interest , in stark contrast to other colonial states that would simply exploit the native population to enrich home territories . 
  he was famed as a patron of the arts , sciences and philosophy , abolished slavery and fostered a parliamentary monarchy with representation for the people . 
  after 58 years of rule , he was eventually deposed in a deeply unpopular coup only supported by a select group of military officers . 
  however , he refused to support any movement to have him restored to power , having always resented his responsibility as emperor . 
  he spent the remaining two years of his life in destitute exile in europe . 
   the uk just voted out of an increasingly federalizing block with people like schulz determined to make europe a ` power ' in the world . 
  just want to say , this was mostly down to a desire for power over immigration controls and a belief that brussels was violating us because it insisted we complied with european law . 
  the older voting brackets that usually determine votes in this country believed that the eu exerted too much negative influence over the law due to the narratives that have been peddled by tabloids in this country for decades , particularly human rights laws that prevented undesirables from being deported to countries where they ran the risk of being killed/oppressed . 
  this , coupled with the ( probably misplaced ) idea that the consequences of brexit will be relatively minor is what resulted in the referendum result . 
  in no way does it reflect on the country 's desire to be an international power ( typically younger generations are apathetic , while a subset of the older generations retain a nostalgic view of the empire ) . 
  i think scotland would definitely stand to benefit from this kind of arrangement , provided it did cause a wave of migrants from the south . 
  access to the eurozone is one thing , but then there 's the transfer of wealth and skilled labour from england .
