  inflation does n't cause problems overnight ; the current issue with inflation versus wage rises has been in the making for years now as year after year of inflation outpacing wage growth has resulted in a disparity between cost of goods and spending power . 
  as spending power decreases , the middle class spend less . 
  this squeezes the bottom line of businesses who have been raising prices in line with inflation , who then take austerity measures to ensure they maximize their profit margins as much as possible ; by trimming off the fat with efficiency savings , slashing wages and/or axing the work force . 
  unemployment is the end product of this and exacerbates the issue with a burden on the state in benefits and a drop in overall productivity , but it is ultimately a symptom of this problem of inflation vs wage growth . 
  i 'm not saying the key problem is inflation , but i do disagree that the cause of flat lining real term wages is unemployment . 
  while you argue that the overall ez inflation is 0.8 % it 's important to note this is an average and all the member states individual rates of inflation vary drastically , so that figure is a bit misleading . 
  for example , between 2008 and 2013 the uk rate of inflation has fluctuated wildly between 1.1 % at it 's lowest and up to 5 % at it 's highest over the span of the half decade . 
  the individual rate itself on a month , quarter or a year is also misleading however . 
  for a more accurate idea of the burden on the public 's ability to spend you should take the cumulative effect of inflation over the years and compare it against it 's respective rise in wages , which i will not comment on here as i ca n't find any data off hand . 
  unemployment is bad for multiple reasons , social and economic , and it certainly plays a role in the less than ideal situation of the european economy at large , but it is n't as crucial as the relationship between wages and inflation , which determine the middle classes ' spending power . 
  it does make you pause for a second to think of the long term consequences this brain drain will have in italy and greece . 
  without a steady influx of professional workers there will be terrible shortages and reduced quality of service for all affected sectors . 
  for a lot of research institutes and professional academic communities the damage could be practically irreparable , as the lost generation of researchers ensures the transmission of critical specialist knowledge does not occur , meaning a big loss in complex research like physics and mathematics . 
  it is n't unemployment as much as it is wages are n't rising * in line * with inflation , instead generally getting squeezed down to unacceptable levels across most sectors . 
  we live in a time where economic forces are squeezing the standard of living for the middle class by maintaining the rate of inflation while lowering the rate of pay . 
  the lower classes of rank and file workers with no leverage to bargain for the value of their labour are pretty much being bludgeoned back into poverty as a result . 
  the middle class can just about manage , but most are seeing a drop in their standard of living and are n't able to splurge the way they did pre 2008 . 
  the overall effect this has on the economy is negative , with less liquidity as consumption falls and businesses see less money across the board . 
  it does n't matter if a banking union can be achieved on paper . 
  what really matters is if it 's an * effective * banking union . 
  while it was important for the sake of some eastern european nations ( a perspective that is rarely trodden on by western audiences ) the first world war was indeed an absolute disaster for virtually all the major european powers and served next to no purpose for those nations ( france , uk , germany et al ) . 
  instead , all those nations got was millions of dead countrymen , many of whom died senseless , illogical deaths for no purpose other than progressing the careers of a few officers . 
  it was one of the biggest if not * the * single biggest mistake the european governments have ever made . 
  the collective posturing on the part of the us and the eu was more a matter of mutual interests overlapping than the eu being hounded into action by america . 
  as has recently been stated , the eu is no political midget . 
  it picks it 's own fights in it 's own damn backyard . 
  i 'm ashamed to be a citizen of this country 's government . 
  the same could be said of just about any developed western country these days . 
  i 'm reasonably sure there 's no ice water anywhere on the moon . 
  they 'll have better luck with asteroids in leo . 
  what resources are even there to be taken from the moon anyway ? 
  is n't it all one great big world heritage site ? 
  the soviet union is gone , but russia 's hardly a faithful partner of the eu . 
  while i agree greater political cooperation between the eu and russia would be grand , it 's important we realize that we 're still competing with russia for influence in eastern europe , as noticeably shown in the fuss in ukraine recently about trade agreements . 
  militarily , russia probably is n't our enemy at this point in time . 
  economically however , we 're still fighting tooth and nail for influence on the international stage . 
  the eu is politically divided due to the culture clash of all it 's member states . 
  when you try to get a group of countries that all have separate languages and distinct national identities and traditions like the french , germans and british do then you can not hope to form a federal state from the member nations of the union . 
  i mean , countries like canada have a hard enough time keeping quebec on board due to the cultural gulf between the franco canadians and the anglo canadians . 
  the only way the eu would ever be able to engage in hostile negotiations american style would be through complete economic and political union . 
  there are advocates for this , but the majority of european politicians are frightened about how it will affect their authority at home . 
  no one wants to hand over powers . 
  we get our knickers in enough of a twist with forking over jurisdiction to brussels as it is . 
  that just means they are n't suited to being politicians . 
  were guilty of it too . 
  it 's part of the dynamics of how international politics works . 
  without a serious risk of backlash , any of us are prone to breaking ranks for selfish gains on the world stage . 
  it 's precisely this facet of international politics that prevents closer integration of member states in europe . 
  there will never be anything like proper political or economic union in the eu so long as the governments of the member states continue to jostle for power over each other . 
  if relations with iran could be improved and they agreed to it , a pipeline across iran into turkey could serve as a viable alternative to the current russian dominated situation . 
  in all fairness , it 's sort of an open secret that no one really respects international law whatsoever . 
  actions in the middle east such as the iraq war fly right in the face of international law , but of course that 's all been swept under the carpet . 
  when push comes to shove , nation states do n't care about international agreements and rules . 
  they 'll just exploit them when it 's convenient to do so , as it is to cite international law as a reason to stay out of russia 's dirty business in georgia . 
  who does canada sling all that oil sands petrol anyway ? 
  i 'm reasonably sure undersea oil pipelines are a thing . 
  a friend of mine has a romanian fuck buddy that came to the uk in a bus heaving to the max with other sweaty immigrants . 
  if what she tells me is anything to go by , then romania is in a very corrupt and backwards state these days . 
  depends on the state of development ukraine is in . 
  if there is a sizable and influential middle class then they may instead advocate the short term fix . 
  as far as i know ukraine is an important wholesaler nation for grocery items like cabbages and potatoes . 
  aside from that , i have no idea what important sectors the ukrainians have a hand in in the export market . 
  well that 's fine is n't it ? 
  if you want to move somewhere you have to be prepared to integrate . 
  but what about muh [ highest rate of violent assault in the oecd countries per capita ? 
  ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf ), 
  i 'm rolling my eyes in contempt right this moment !, 
  wow no matter the period the british are constantly fucking everyone over are n't they ? 
  it 's no wonder you all hate us . 
  this would explain why the attack was smaller in scale and poorly organized relative to the paris attack . 
  they may have simply attempted to salvage their plans on limited equipment so as to get the job done before police got anything out of the terrorist they caught . 
  it 's basically shackling your right to property to the government if you physically dont own cash . 
   stalin  bins communist ideas like permanent revolution  russia subsequently brands him the one true communist, 
  yeah i remember sex education in secondary school when i was around 13-14 during pse lessons . 
  the emphasis was on teaching us about puberty ( you grow hair in funny places , basically ) , the reproductive cycle and safe sex . 
  the teacher got out a bunch of plastic dicks to practice putting condoms on , which obviously got a few laughs and japes out of the class , but it was a fairly fool proof way to explain it to even the dumbest kids in class so they dont fuck it up . 
  it just demonstrates the difference in social mentality a lot of these people have compared to us . 
  the values of their society and ours are incompatible with each other . 
  when well-intentioned us soldiers are intentionally barred from intervening in systemic abuses from the local authorities like this , it 's no wonder the west has hardly been winning hearts and minds in afghanistan . 
  us marine major bill steuber had to deal with this sort of problem frequently when he lead the police advisory team that was supposed to be preparing the afghan security forces for when america pulled out of the region . 
  his story , and that of a great deal of the soldiers that served in afghanistan , is documented in [ this is what winning looks like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja5q75hf6qi ) . 
  the fact people read a parent having a bath with their child as a sexual situation suggests they need to see a shrink . 
  when i was a child i bathed with both my mum and my dad . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with this , and it 's a perfectly natural , normal activity for young families . 
  seriously though , the current generation of young adults are fucked because of the deregulation that occurred under her premiership . 
  this picture is a gross misrepresentation of finnish people . 
  there is n't a sauna in sight . 
  * the battle of the somme - [ british forces make a misguided offensive against german trenches starting from july 1st , 1916 . 
  in the first day alone 60,000 british soldiers are cut down under a hail of german machine gun fire . 
  by the battle 's end on november 18th , a combined total of over a million men had died on both sides . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/11/05/article-2057918-04db3dc30000044d-332_634x493.jpg ) * the blitz - [ between 7 september 1940 and 21 may 1941 there were large scale aerial raids on 16 british cities . 
  in london alone between 40,000-43 ,000 people were killed by german strategic bombing . 
  ] ( http://static.bbc.co.uk/history/img/ic/640/images/resources/events/the_blitz.jpg ) * the suez crisis - [ a coalition of british , french and israeli armed forces invade egypt following the sudden and unexpected nationalization of the suez canal . 
  despite achieving their military objectives , the british and french are soon forced to withdraw by political intervention from the united states and the soviet union , marking the end of britain 's role as a superpower . 
  ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/560c19230a144932853d5c2e5f35ec86/students-from-manchester-university-demonstrate-against-british-policy-b4t1wg.jpg ) * margaret thatcher enters 10 downing street , 1979 - [ margaret thatcher becomes the first female prime minister in the history of the united kingdom . 
  her 11 year long premiership is characterised by her conflict with workers unions , the falklands war and wide sweeping economic deregulation . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02530/thatcher1__1979-do_2530147k.jpg ) * britain hands over soveignity of hong kong to china - [ soveignity of hong kong is handed over to china after 155 years of british rule . 
  known as `` the hand over '' internationally and as `` the return '' in china , this event is widely considered to signify the end of the british empire . 
  ] ( http://www.yearbook.gov.hk/2007/hkx10/images/1997a.jpg ), 
  i agree with the majority of the events you chose , but the omission of the suez oil crisis was pretty killer .
