  as a result of this the colonial legacy of the uk is widespread , having been greatly responsible for european colonization throughout the world . 
  * the uk was the cradle of the [ industrial revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial_revolution ) , a period of vast societal change characterized by mechanization , scientific advancement , rapid economic development and increased productivity that transformed countries from agrarian societies into industrialized societies . 
  * the uk has one of the richest scientific and academic traditions in the world . 
  it boasts such achievements as newtonian physics ( [ isaac newton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isaac_newton ) ) , the invention of the electric dynamo and the subsequent founding of the field of electrical engineering ( [ michael faraday ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_faraday ) ) , the development of steam power ( [ thomas savery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_savery ) , [ james watt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_watt ) ) , and numerous medical advances including the discovery of penicillin ( [ alexander fleming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_fleming ) ) and the implentation of vaccinations ( [ edward jenner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_jenner ) ) . 
  as a nation , the uk has also discovered [ the most elements of any single nation ] ( http://public.media.smithsonianmag.com/legacy_blog/06_21_2013_periodic-table.jpg ) , and also possesses [ the oldest university in the english speaking world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_oxford ) . 
   coutries were always fighting . 
  why would people have changed so suddenly ? 
  world war ii was the shock europe needed . 
  the effect of that war was transformative , and western europe has been at peace ever since . 
  we 'd all learnt our lesson when we had to piece our nations back together out of the rubble of that disaster . 
  the problem is that we 've started to forget that lesson . 
  if the eu deferalized , it could be reunited and then some . 
  let 's face it , peel away the language difference , cuisine etc and the core beliefs of both nations are still distinctly the same . 
   for pizzas , i recommend seafood . 
  it 's a good thing this man does n't hold absolute power in iceland , or he would have a revolution on his hands . 
  no , but i remember [ this spanish one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-xo72s5eby ) . 
  that it is a democracy built from the ground up by people that broke free of the yoke of the habsburgs ' holy roman empire when a group of cantons came together to form the old swiss confederacy . 
  this was a gradual process , which eventually reached it 's resolution at the end of the burgundy wars in the late 15th century , where the swiss established themselves as a de facto autonomous state that was exempted from imperial decree . 
  it was after this success that their famous long standing foreign policy as a neutral state was first adopted , a policy which stands to this day . 
  so drop bears existed in romania , not australia . 
  how horrifying . 
  probably feel more british than european as a whole , but that 's change gradually over time . 
  i suppose if we were talking about values then i do feel more european than british , as common british values are mostly the same as the rest of europe . 
  at what point does it become appropriate for a candidate to be disqualified due to foreign interference ? 
  alright . 
  just had a thought that if i was the russian government , i would n't want to meddle well ahead of time because you 'd want to keep a low profile until the election run up begins , other wise you might drop the ball and build up anti russian sentiment if you get exposed too early . 
  just a thought though . 
  no indication that this is actually the case at all . 
  when 's germany 's election again ? 
  still does n't justify it . 
  it does n't morally exonerate us for playing that game . 
  honestly , i think a full blown ban would be naive , but more controls are absolutely essential . 
  throwing honest people with an earnest desire to come here and integrate with our society under the bus would be deplorable , but we need to balance that with a need to safeguard against people that do come here with malicious intentions . 
  a lot of malicious muslim immigrants with nothing but disdain for our way of life exist , there 's no denying it at this point . 
  all that matters now is how we target them without penalizing good people that are compatiable with our values . 
  say what you like about russia 's politics , but their science sector is spot on . 
  there was that nasty , unscientific business during the stalin years that put them on the backfoot for a while , but since then they 've been putting out sterling work . 
  got to take the good news where ever you can . 
  how did you guys organize ? 
  i 'm hoping we can learn from your country 's example so we can apply similar pressure whenever the government over steps itself . 
  one thing i want to know is how the romanians organized . 
  getting tens of thousands of people to show up in full force and keep the protest peaceful is something we can all learn from . 
  a victory for the people !, 
  this is what it 's all about !, 
  i feel like you 're grossly underestimating what you 're getting for guarding the tent , while forgetting that you have an ( admittedly smaller and less flashy ) tent of your own . 
  in the first place , europe and turkey are at odds ideologically at the moment . 
  turkey would need to bridge the gap substantially for it to even be considered for membership . 
  considering the free movement of goods and services is already one big part of the eu deal , you 'd be getting one of the most beneficial parts of the deal without a lot of the flack ( contributing to the eu budget , compliance with eu law etc ) , so what is there not to like ? 
  turkey would reap the economic benefits without having to meet europe halfway and comply with eu law , not to mention the money that would need to go to brussels . 
  there would be no need for extensive cultural and legal change . 
  the more i think about it , the more this sounds like a great deal for turkey . 
  it would be a case of getting more than britain was even able to extract with all it 's exceptions back when it was still half-heartedly committed to the eu project . 
  this is a problem in the west full stop . 
  everyone 's so wrapped up in their day to day lives that its made them politically passive . 
  there was a time when people mobbed the streets when there was good cause to be angry at the government . 
  hell , as early as 80 years ago people were prepared to [ go out en masse into the streets and fight ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_stockton ) people from other parties . 
  biggest cultural discovery is the fact that the western perspective was derived from greek philosophy . 
  traditions from orphics and plato 's theory of forms set the stage for christianity , which ripped a great deal of it 's doctrine from neoplatonism when guys like augustine of hippo applied it to faith . 
  even when rome fell , it was still for a short time largely a single entity when the carolingian empire rose under charlemagne . 
  it was the subsequent long term division of his empire when things began to differentiate into what they are today . 
  the takeaway from all of this is that despite all the differences that have built up to the modern day , the foundation of our western nations are fundamentally the same , we all share the same origin . 
  despite all the disparate languages , the cultural practices and what have you , we are all one . 
  depends just how favourable the trade deal is tbh . 
  if it 's still enough to noticeably improve quality of life for turks then i think it 's win-win . 
   fortunatly change in the form of schulz is rather constructive in contrast to destructive right wing populism . 
  how much of this is down to a rejection of far right values on the basis of their modern history ? 
  i would n't write off the influence of this as insignificant . 
   i am very surprised at how many people are unlikely to accept a democratic , secular and rich turkey the thing is europe likes its buffer . 
  if they incorporated turkey they would need to handle that border and help mop up domestic issues , which could be a burden on the eu budget . 
  i feel like the best deal for europe would be to simply integrate turkey into their sphere of influence through a nice trade deal to help ease turkey 's economy . 
  in return for dependency on cheap access to european goods and services turkey can keep the rest of the middle east at arms length for us and expel any undesirables trying to immigrate so we do n't have to . 
  if europe was to do something like this , we would be one step closer to a personal dream of mine ; a stable , bilateral world order . 
  u.s. president woodrow wilson once remarked that `` only a peace between equals can last '' . 
  i believe that this is absolutely the case on the world stage . 
  since the fall of the soviet union , america has stood as the only world superpower . 
  the world as it stands today is a unilateral world order revolving around the united states , who dwarf all other nations in economic and military means . 
  at first , this system seemed to work , as the u.s. set about trying to keep it 's world system in balance . 
  however , in time it quickly became clear that america standing alone at the top of the world completely unrivalled is an unstable system , as they have an uneven influence relative to everyone else , and will always prioritize their national interest above all else . 
  attempts by the u.s. to balance power in the middle east and east asia have ended up with mixed results ; in the middle east chaos is the order of the day , with chronic , violent civil war in syria , butchery in yemen , political purges in turkey , continuous bloodshed and suffering in afghanistan , bombings in iraq and the rise of isis with not a silver lining in sight . 
  in asia a tenuous and paranoid peace has been established , with china and japan saber rattling over the south china sea , the disgruntled indonesian government pivoting towards china and north and south korea eternally trapped at gunpoint with each other . 
  in the west , america has made it clear it does n't care about human rights in europe or at home ; covertly gathering an enormous amount of data and undermining citizen 's privacy . 
  the fact this system is enforced on other western countries further demonstrates how america 's self interest forces negative consequences on the rest of the world . 
  this need not be the case if there was a second power able to stand on equal footing with america , with whom direct military confrontation would be a zero sum game . 
  there is absolutely no state in the world that could fulfill this role other than the european union with which positive results could be achieved . 
  america and europe are locked in economic symbiosis ; both are the largest mature markets in the world , with very deep and entangling trade ties . 
  to turn away from each other to engage in the great power struggle that ensued in the cold war would be unthinkable for both parties , at the same time proxy wars are also out of the question , as directly harming a major trade partner is self destructive as well . 
  nonetheless they would inevitably still compete on a different front altogether ; soft power . 
  with two competing powers jostling for influence in the developing world , the developing economies will have much to gain . 
  neither of the superpowers would reasonably ever fight over a potential partner to integrate them into their system , as they all share the same economic framework as it is and harming each other will only cause long term harm to both parties . 
  instead they would need to negotiate with potential partners and try to offer a better deal than their rival . 
  of course , this is n't to say that disruption of potential trade partners from either party would not occur , but at the very least there is then an alternative to turn to , as opposed to the current order where there is no one to protect you from america should they try to strong arm you . 
  a cheeky cloak and dagger land grab is one thing , but brazenly shelling a city ? 
  how are they going to justify this ? 
   they likely have better production capabilities per dollar as well germany efficiency, 
  in 122ad , emperor hadrian came to britannia to oversee the construction of a wall along the northern periphery of roman britain . 
  after 6 years of construction , the completed wall was 73 miles long , reaching from the north sea in the east to the irish sea in the west . 
  comprised entirely of stone , the wall featured dual-turreted milecastles and forts for every 5 roman miles . 
  the milecastles featured permanent static garrisons , while the forts were staffed with infantry and cavalry meant to intercept and attack any invading britons that might threaten the integrity of the border from the north . 
  this was hadrian 's wall , one of the greatest known achievements of roman military engineering . 
  today , hadrian 's wall has suffered greatly from the march of time .
