  how can the government justify a non working class while people still have to break their backs in sectors like food production , care and drug testing ? 
  i also find the idea of automated doctors a potential disaster . 
  it takes all responsibility out of the carers hands and makes the patient legally vulnerable in the event something goes wrong , not to mention the fact machines can be tampered with . 
  meanwhile i 'm also very uncomfortable with having machines fill the void of lawyers and judges given that their subject matter deals in interpreting right from wrong . 
  computers are aids to help us manage our work better . 
  there are moral questions to be asked about ceding control of the legal system to them . 
  if you want to have a better idea of what will happen when self driving cars , self serve shops and cleaning services better than crappy little roombas take off and achieve public acceptance , it 'll simply result in a crisis . 
  governments do n't subsidize their jobless adequately or correctly as it is . 
  faced with a crisis of that proportion they 're likely to double down and just cut them loose , or else restrict these new industries to make room for the workers . 
  backwards policies like the workfare program in the uk will creep in , and before you know it you 're one of the working poor . 
  everything you 've mentioned will take a bare minimum of around 100 years to come that far . 
  automation is n't nearly at the stage where simple labourers can be replaced with machines , let alone be implemented to do so in a profitable way . 
  it 's also completely unclear whether specialized workers like doctors and engineers will be made obsolete within that time span , let alone people in esoteric fields where new developments are rare . 
  i was under the impression the akp is a centre right party of conservatives that abandoned it 's islamic mission years ago . 
  from what i 've found from a quick google search the g\u00fclen movement is a trans national islamic religious movement . 
  right now , i 'm just being a bit of a cynical dick in my judgement of them for letting the porn filter through parliament . 
  if there 's a pledge on their manifesto to repeal it then i 'll heavily debate voting with the mind of another coalition ( preferably with labour ) . 
  so guys , does this make ukraine a bit of a ticking time bomb or is this mostly media hype ? 
  we have more pressing concerns from the ultra nationalists out in greece trying to carve out a fascist state , but what about ukraine ? 
  is it secure enough for the international community to just leave well alone or does this risk spilling out into our backyard if it all goes tits up ? 
  there is no way you are anything but a massive troll . 
  it 's complete and utter bullshit too . 
  i do n't actually understand how there was such overwhelming support for fptp . 
  it staggers my mind just thinking about it . 
  i 'd be up for it if they had actually achieved the critical goals of reforming the electoral process . 
  i can hack the u-turn on tuition fees because the terms of repayment are still super favourable for students , but the loss of electoral reform was a disastrous turn for the party . 
  given that public opinion of the lib dems has faded while they took the brunt of the bullshit for most of the unpopular tory policies , it 's highly unlikely they will stand to gain anything next year . 
  if they shake up the party leadership and cast out clegg they may stand a chance of swaying public opinion and preserving their seats , but i find the prospect of any noticeable gains highly unlikely without a public sacrifice . 
  the thing is , a vote for labour is practically no different anyway . 
  vote for either and the big two and you 're essentially voting for the same substance in different packaging . 
  a vote for either is a vote for the status quo . 
  you can not seriously turn to me and say that the labour is still a left leaning party or that the lib dems are a viable alternative after the past 4 years . 
  at the very least , i want one of the upstart parties to have more of a presence in the next parliament , so i 'll be voting for them with the hopes of a few seats gained , not a full blown majority . 
  the way political boundaries are gerrymandered at the moment something like that is impossible anyway . 
  the big two will meanwhile be selling the possibility of another hung parliament to the public as impossible , urging them not to waste their votes on any of the smaller parties and just pick their poison like always . 
  a great deal of swing voters who supported the libs last election will definitely swing right on back to their former choice now that the lib dems have proven themselves to be by and large a spineless lot . 
  a few so so characters here and there , but if the party wants to stand any chance of restoring faith and preserving some of their seats they 'll need a party shake up before the vote . 
  currently , i 'm thinking i 'll pitch my tent with the greens this time around . 
  as a left leaning liberal sort of guy they seem to be the only viable party with any actual liberal policy left in them . 
  as a secular person i may be biased , but i really hope the akp can cement their hold over the turkish state so turkey can form a tighter bond with europe rather than join the string of islamic states out east . 
  if former precedents prove anything , it 's that states based of fundamentalist religious values tend to erode civil rights and promote authoritarian principles . 
  i personally believe turkey should integrate more with her western neighbours . 
  a great deal of turkish immigrants are already working their way into germany as it is . 
  it 's clear there is a great deal of public support for such a thing . 
  the way i see it , the general election wo n't be terribly important given the similar policies of the 2 actual contenders . 
  it 's only an opportunity for the smaller parties to try and weasel a seat or two from labour and the tories . 
  nks a classic catch 22 situation . 
  go in , millions die and there 's a long standing international crisis with the refugees . 
  leave them , and the state interns them in brutal concentration camps if they so much as blink wrong and then work them to death . 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  i do n't think jayrate explicitly meant that all other languages would be supplanted by english , but rather that it 's acceptance as european lingua franca will be complete within a few generations and become the dominant language in the political and financial community in europe . 
  i strongly disagree with your assertion that immigrant born people will never hold high office in european countries . 
  on what basis are you really arguing that an immigrant can not be elected ? 
  that no one will support them or that there is no legal framework with which to allow them to stand in the first place ? 
  in pretty much all countries there are limitations in place to prevent first generation immigrants from becoming their new country 's premier politicians like prime ministers or presidents . 
  this limitation is present no both sides of the atlantic and beyond . 
  second gens generally stand just as much chance of making the cut as a full blooded native , assuming they have the resources and the influence to do so . 
  if gold was abundant enough to account for all the ious the us government has handed out so far then it could work i suppose . 
  this would of course require that a solid gold meteorite the size of like atlanta crashed here some day . 
  maybe , although the public have such a short attention span they 'll probably forget that the ruling party saying they were the ones pushing for integration all along were in fact the guys that called for withdrawal in the first place . 
  internal politics over here are still an apathetic mess . 
  it 's funny when you think that fiscal stability depends on something as flimsy and arbitrary as confidence in a currency . 
  hell , i did n't even realize australia was a federal state . 
  so it 's the catch all clause for justifying federal action that supercedes state law everywhere for everyone ? 
  i know you probably hear this a lot about other legal issues in the us , but someone really should try to fix that law ... 
  i do n't know her sufficiently to refer to her on familiar terms and i ca n't remember her name , so i address her by association instead . 
  kind of went on a tangent and missed the point i was actually trying to make while bemoaning how british politicians spoil everything . 
  what i mean is i 'd approve of the uk signing up if it meant further integration all round , and i say `` we '' because i consider us all european , first and foremost . 
  however , i find it very unlikely we 'll ever get on board without serious changes in our situation . 
  it would certainly be for the best in the event of a united , federal europe and there 's no doubt that in the event of a drastic upheaval like that the conditions of our relationship with the continent will be re negotiated . 
  we ca n't expect to keep getting things our way all the time . 
  we boast very favourable conditions in addition to our membership . 
  we 're not tied to the euro , yet we enjoy all the trade privileges other member states do . 
  whenever a situation requiring cooperation between the various member states of the eu arises we throw our toys out of the pram and refuse to play our part , often being obstructive instead . 
  at the end of the day , the uk government treats the eu like a political tool to be used and exploited rather than a sincere partner on the world stage . 
  it only reserves that right for the united states of america . 
  this refusal to play ball with the rest of europe has alienated us from the central community in the eu , a place where we should rightfully play an active role . 
  we 're one of the largest economies present in the economic zone , we should be at the center of it 's operations with germany and france !, 
  if it 's not rude to ask , may i ask why you feel this way about federalization ? 
  increasingly i 'm starting to believe that it 's in best interest of everyone in the ez to push for full political and economic union , including the ability to project military power . 
  it 's the best way we 'll be able to push back from political aggression from the us or russia if we stand united and put the full weight of europe behind international negotiations . 
  as a collective , we have the largest and most lucrative mature market for consumer goods in the world . 
  if we actually got our crap together long enough to agree on anything we 'd be able to dictate to the us more effectively with regards to surveillance and espionage concerns . 
  for a long time i believed in the pax americana and felt that a world with one superpower was stable and progressive overall . 
  however , recently i 've come to understand that leave one power with a clear hegemony long enough and it will begin to exploit it 's neighbors in any way it can . 
  we need a new superpower able to bargain with the us on equal footing . 
  europe has the economic muscle to do so and progressive values centered around the protection of human rights and dignity . 
  we 're the only truly viable candidate to fulfill this role . 
  china and russia would be the alternatives , and a future dictated by authoritarian states like the russians or the chinese simply does n't bear thinking about . 
  make no mistake , the best option for a new bilateral world order is europe . 
  if you do n't mind my asking , why are n't you keen on the idea of a federal european super state ? 
  firstly , why not do both ? 
  secondly , spain and portugal have deep and long standing ties with their former colonial states in latin america , while france has a legacy state in algeria and other former african assets . 
  the idea that britain is the only state that can lay claim to the legacy of it 's empire and the various child states it bore out of it 's bosom is false . 
  were the biggest example of it , with developed nations like australia , canada and new zealand all owing their origins to british colonialism , but were certainly not alone . 
  it also accounts for unique demographics within the us that are categorized as unique cultural sub-identities for americans , like cajun culture in louisiana . 
  i might be misinterpreting this , but does this mean the us federal government has stripped individual states of their commercial autonomy in order to create centralized economic infrastructure that 's more efficient than simply allowing states to act on their own ? 
  what 's the current political composition of the us then ? 
  i was under the impression there was still a strong divide between state autonomy and federal obligation . 
  that really is just about the best summary of the weapon i 've ever heard .
