  after the fall of the western roman empire , the wall fell into disuse and was mostly abandoned . 
  as the ages wore on , more and more of this construction was dismantled so that the stone may be repurposed for other uses . 
  despite this , [ large sections ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/hadrian%27s_wall_at_greenhead_lough.jpg ) of the largest known roman artefact still survive to this day , a testament to it 's solid construction and sheer scale . 
   she said in the press conference this afternoon that the uk has no intention of removing trade sanctions against russia let 's face it though , talk is cheap . 
  politicians regularly u-turn at the drop of a hat . 
  if may actually shows some spine here then i 'll have no choice to grant her some small bit of respect . 
  what about racism from the edl , which is composed pretty much solely of white , english people ? 
  on what grounds was its application rejected ? 
  refusal to comply with eu law or something else ? 
   diem members ca n't really seem to agree on anything , whether brexit was good or bad , whether we need to change or dismantle the eu , whether we need direct or representative democracy , the list goes on . 
  considering how fundamental a lot of those questions are , it sounds like diem25 has lost all meaning in a manner similar to the occupy movement . 
  this is sad , when myself and a few friends signed up to the uk branch just prior to the brexit referendum it seemed like they would have some sort of plan in mind for how to democratize the eu . 
  what caused all the divisions ? 
  i was under the impression the movement leadership had already committed to a plan to improve the situation by 2025 ? 
  as a quick opinion check , lets say 5 or 10 years down the line there was a mandate in the uk for rejoining the eu and they reapplied for membership . 
  how would you europeans still inside view this ? 
  should it be allowed ? 
  if so should there be conditions ? 
  should the uk be allowed to keep pound sterling should they wish to at that point ? 
  diem25 seemed to have some interesting ideas for reforming the european union . 
  not sure how many people are going to take varoufakis ' org seriously though . 
   russia wanting to join the eu even if there was public support for russia joining the eu , putin 's government would never allow it . 
  any attempt to comply with european law would inevitably mean that his grip on power would unravel and he 'd likely wind up killed by the mobster elements that helped him gain power . 
  remember ; the presidency of russia is a gilded cage . 
  putin is only safe so long as he holds all the power and will never leave until he can find a trustworthy successor that wo n't throw him under the bus . 
  his predecessor boris yeltsin depended on him for protection . 
  when putin tried the same with medvedev he quickly realized he could n't depend on him the same way and pulled the plug . 
  that once a month the slovenian and slovakian postal services get together to exchange all the mail that has been mistakenly sent to the wrong country . 
  well how about that , good news for once . 
  after i heard the wall was actually happening i was starting to get afraid that the us would actually pull the plug on nato too . 
  glad that they at least got a sane defense secretary . 
  that 's so sad , more so because it makes a lot of sense . 
  people with that level of wealth and power would undoubtedly have the means to do this , and pushed to the brink would easily be prepared to kill in order to survive . 
  hell , they 're willing to kill to make a profit . 
  italy needs a break . 
  poland with the mad growth . 
  whats their secret ? 
  honestly , it 's stories like these that make me half wish the death penalty was still a thing . 
  would solve the issue of the super powerful manipulating their way out of prison . 
  any idea on the average age of the people polled in the uk ? 
  this entire thread reads like a polandball strip . 
   greeks can have their history back though . 
  wait seriously ? 
  you 'd throw away a rich heritage like that ? 
  they should put this on their tourism brochures . 
  an endorsement from the president of russia has to be worth its salt . 
  [ * remove kebab sounds in the distance * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ), 
  pretty sure napoleon hoovered up a lot of brains in his time . 
  granted , they did n't really have many alternatives , considering how much of continental europe he conquered . 
  that at the end of every chapter of their national history , it reads `` and then it got worse '' . 
  time for the generation game i guess . 
  give it 10-20 years and a large proportion of the brexiteer voting bracket will be dead . 
  then we come crawling back and pucker our buttholes for daddy merkel . 
  * plays violin while hms economy sinks *, 
  sorry , got totally wrapped up in a western-centric view of defense . 
  i was always thought the crimea job was a cloak and dagger job ? 
  for that matter , is n't the black sea under the complete control of turkey ? 
  was turkey complicit in the annexation of crimea ? 
  glad to see a voice of reason here . 
  the # 1 priority of all european militaries is to secure the eastern european periphery from russian aggression . 
  pretty much any of the former soviet satellites would be more than willing to station all those personnel and equipment . 
  hell , poland would be over the moon with just about anything we station there . 
  nonetheless , there are important functions for european navies . 
  forget the atlantic for a moment and consider the importance of the baltic and the mediterranean . 
  in the event of renewed russian aggression against europe the baltic sea would be our primary naval concern . 
  a substantial presence in the baltic can keep russian ships and subs from the leningrad naval base blockaded , leaving only kaliningrad oblast , an isolated naval outlet , as their sole means of projecting sea power year round , as it is their sole ice free port in the baltic . 
  if russia ever hoped to project sea power by alternate means it would be forced to invade estonia , finland or latvia and seize their ports . 
  provided the finns can hold the line ( they 've never failed thus far ) then european militaries can be counted on to keep estonia and latvia out of their hands . 
  while russia is definitely the top security concern of europe , it 's equally important it does n't neglect the integrity of sea trade . 
  the mediterranean is an essential shipping lane ; goods from asia [ flow through the suez ] ( https://www.shipmap.org/ ) and are uncomfortably close to the middle east . 
  we need to keep that lane open or all goods are forced to take the longer , more dangerous route around africa . 
  the successful disruption of european shipping could batter the economy , so this is an issue that needs serious attention . 
  aside from this , fleet patrols above the arctic circle may be necessary , as less and less sea ice is making it much more navigable than in the past . 
  russia possesses many major ports connected to the arctic ocean which will only become more strategically important as the thaw progresses . 
  edit : it 's also worth noting that due to kaliningrad oblast 's isolation from russia and being surrounded on all it 's borders by poland and lithuania that seizing this port via poland would be very achievable in the early phases of a conflict , essentially hamstringing any efforts by russia to project sea power in the baltic via any means other than leningrad naval base . 
   not posting hell march [ fixed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=096hnkdw5tc ), 
  i feel like a unified european military is a natural step towards a european superstate . 
  in fact , i 'd welcome it . 
  the whole point of the eu is to stand together as a united bloc so we do n't get pushed around . 
  if that means a federal government which runs in parallel to national governments then so be it . 
  are there any fees involved with currency exchange ? 
  have n't really got much money on hand so i have to make sure it would be worth it . 
  considering the trend the pounds been on since the referendum i would n't be surprised if the pound fell off a cliff after article 51 is triggered , provided there 's no single market access, 
   tfw the pound will be weaker than the dollar by the end of the year can some just put me out of my misery now ? 
  can the world just end ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the poles will be tripping over themselves to get to the polling booth . 
  being poland is tough . 
  man , after reading this it just makes me want to move to the netherlands . 
  the fragmenting of the eu bloc has already begun in the uk . 
  it 's up to the continental countries to keep the eu together . 
  even now this would be best for not only the countries in the eu itself , but also the uk now that it 's leaving . 
  if the countries of europe can not come together to act as a strong , single bloc then they will be capitulated and the world will be far worse off for it . 
  can someone give me a quick run down of his policies ? 
  at first glance he sounds like the sanest choice for the french , but then there 's something of tony blair about this guy , which is a bit disconcerting . 
  i swear we 're headed down the red alert timeline at this rate . 
  do they get to have neat wrestling entrances with music and stuff ? 
  nothing says pay-per-view like a bit of showmanship . 
   in this interview the commissar emphasized the fact that medical aid was given without payment to all workers and peasants , who form the bulk of the population . 
  for the rest the desire is to serve all gratuitously , but hitherto they were not included in the general service , the first call being for the workers .
