  thank you for a good and reasonable comment . 
  yes , you should come visit sometime . 
   that is a very specific thing which i have n't actually said , because i am not in the business of making assumptions . 
  if you are referring to my reference to no-go areas earlier , i recommend you google it . 
  i am not the one who investigated , documented and reported them in the media . 
  check your own history , it was one of your comments that got deleted . 
  here is a citation from it :  that 's because sweden was a great country where people could go about their business without fearing for themselves . 
  i do agree , we have problems in sweden , but not as extensive as you and others make them out to be . 
  but no , the refuge and immigrant crisis here in sweden has had absolutely no implications on me or any of my friends . 
  so i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  absolutely , this is a discussion board , not made to throw insults at nationalities . 
  i would love to discuss all of swedens problems with you , if you laid out your reasoning with more ground and in a sensible manner ( i.e. 
  not throwing insults and calling names ) . 
   if you are so thin skinned that you find a few mere words to be a `` disgusting attitude '' , then that 's your problem , not mine . 
  i was just raised with manners , compared to you ( ? ) . 
  and as i said earlier , i would love to discuss our problems , but not with someone who prefers namecalling over reasonable discussion . 
  we fear for our lives here in sweden ? 
  i did n't know that , i guess you learn something new every day !, 
  what is your problem with sweden specifically ? 
  i 've seen several of your comments ( including the now deleted comment thread were you called sweden `` swedistan '' ) that include lots of general spewing of hate on sweden as a country and swedish people . 
  what is it you want to accomplish with this ? 
  and i see that your comments are getting deleted everywhere cause of your disgusting attitude . 
  and also the estern parts of turkey , cause of the neighbouring countries , right ? 
  to be fair , as a swede i can * talk * to norweigans and danish people in swedish . 
  but i did only check the `` 1 '' ( english ) box in how many other languages i can speak except swedish . 
  if i would 've cheated , i would 've checked the box with `` 3 '' . 
  in short , * [ finlands sak \u00e4r v\u00e5r ] ( http://worldwarera.se/images/finlandssak%c3%a4rv%c3%a5r1940.jpg ) * . 
   far right party sn\u00e4lla . 
  are you a swede ? 
  cause i do n't think you 've seen the latest swedish news the last year . 
  i think you 're hyperboling this to the extreme . 
  there have been a plethora of articles regarding the issue with our immigration , and now two of the biggest parties ( the moderates and the swedish democrats ) in sweden wants to cooperate and find a solution to this mess . 
  all the while our current government ( the social democrats ) keeps looking the other way , to a certain extent . 
  i would say that you are wrong . 
  mixed it up , did n't read properly !, 
  ahaaa , got confused . 
  does not really seem right that sweden is at the bottom . 
  we have almost 140.000 subscribers on / r/sweden ( i know that perhaps 20.000 or more of those are not from sweden ) . 
  or perhaps it 's * only * in december ? 
  i fully agree . 
  the children of finnish immigrants is not counted in that statistic though . 
  so there are still more finnish speaking than arabic . 
  not by a big margin though . 
  i am a skeptic to everything . 
  and the user being only 5 hours old at the time when i wrote the comment made me even more suspicious . 
   do n't know who would pay for spreading that kind of `` misinformation '' so i have hard time seeing what astroturfing has to do with it . 
  s\u00c4po ( swedish security police ) has confirmed that there have been a lot of false information going around the internet lately about sweden . 
  to try and change the view of sweden for the worse . 
  and because i had never heard about this information that the original comment where speaking of , i was skeptic to its truth . 
  i feel like things that you mention in your post needs some kind of backing up . 
  this about swedish diplomats not being welcome in the nordics is something i have * never * in my entire life had heard a mention of . 
  i do get a bit susipicious that you have created an account just for this thread . 
  especially now when he russian propaganda astroturfing is very common nowadays :, 
  you ca n't be serious ? 
  exactly . 
  and that is / pol/s ' statements ? 
  do you not think actual people , and not an anonymous troll forum , are responsible for stating these things ? 
  we have our experts in sweden who have said the same thing for years . 
  saying / pol / was `` right '' is just fucking retarded and you come off as an incredibly pathetic person . 
  like ? 
  what kind of arguments ? 
  what truth ? 
  that muslims where behind this ? 
  i want the nordic countries to be engaged with the european union , but i still value us nordic countries extremely high compared to other european countries . 
  i would be for a nordic union ( if the eu somehow dissolves ) , but as you said , it 's too late for that right now - but it could always be an option if the eu somehow loses its stronger members like germany and france . 
  cause if that somehow happens , i feel like it 's a start to a bigger union in the future . 
  lots of rambling , but i like us nordic countries . 
  what ? 
  you can find the article translated [ here ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.krisinformation.se%2fnyheter%2f2017%2fmaj%2fvattenbrist-hotar-stora-delar-av-landet ) . 
  should be a pretty good translation . 
   the water situation for this summer is more serious than it has been in decades . 
  the marine and water authority , smhi ( sweden 's meteorological and hydrological institute ) and several other agencies writes this in a joint statement . 
  the authorities now urge everyone to do what they can to save water . 
  hello mr. donald dweller . 
  so much nonsense . 
  m is around the same as sd . 
  c is very close to the center , a bit on the right . 
  l is between c and m. kd is more right than sd . 
  so basically c - l - m - sd - kd . 
  the base ideology is social ( welfare and society ) conservative nationalist with lots of inluences from leftist ideas . 
  they are a right party with influences in both leftist and centerist ideas . 
  in my opinion a blank vote is no vote . 
  a blank vote is no vote . 
  it is also the act of cowards and pacifism behaviour in my opinion . 
  why ? 
  curious . 
   with the full support and money of the party . 
  but alone of course . 
  yeah , formally `` alone '' ( the quotation marks ) , informally 100 % backed most likely . 
  yes , but as stated , she is not leaving the party , she is temporarily taking a `` break '' from the party to focus on the presidential election . 
  and she is going into the election `` alone '' . 
  you never know . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  the unknown and * change * is associated to negative factors in the `` basic '' human mind . 
  often the ones who are not experiencing change ( rural societies ) as often are very much against it . 
  those who live in more `` global '' cities ( bigger urban cities like rotterdam , utrecht , amsterdam ) are effected by change on a daily basis , therefore have a different opinion about change as a concept ( this does n't mean these people 100 % like change ) . 
  i could explain this further , but it 's lots of philosophical and social science research . 
  in sweden we have the sweden democrats who are essentially left leaning when it comes to their politics in question , and also for the welfare state and other questions . 
  they are however one of the ( if not the only party in swedish politics ) more aggressive anti-immigration and anti lots of asylum seekers coming here . 
  they want more border control etc.
