   altho the gun price seems way too cheap , even just the manufacturing seems to be more than that not really , most firearms are not very complex tools . 
  that 's what you could get them ( 2nd hand but in a good condition ) for not long ago in poland if you had the right permits . 
  this . 
  we get some of those on / r/poland every once in a while , thinking today 's poland is like it was 30-50-100 years ago . 
  the ultra-conservative catholics are also funny , like that guy who wanted to immigrate to poland when the us legalized gay marriage ... 
   right , but your grandpa being a mathematician probably has no bearing on your life at all . 
  he taught me a lot , some stuff which i use to this day in programming ( e.g. 
  number theory in crypto ) . 
  does n't change the fact that i 'm not a mathematician because maths to me is just a tool which i occasionally use , and i do n't know enough to be able to do any research in this domain , or get any sort of job mostly based around maths . 
  ( for the overwhelming majority of programming jobs a * decent * high school level of maths is enough . ), 
   many american families have traditions that go back many generations . 
  for example , i 'm a fourth generation immigrant on my mother 's side , yet i still refer to my grandparents as oma and opa . 
  this is n't an affectation , i was raised referring to them as such . 
  my mother did the same with her grandparent 's . 
  ok , but is there much beyond that ? 
  do you converse in german from time to time ? 
  how familiar are you with german culture , politics , literature , customs ( which of them do you practice ? ), 
  etc. ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think you have an interesting tradition , but it looks more like a piece of interesting trivia , than a representation of strong ties with one 's own ancestry . 
  and if it is n't strong , why not just say '' ( some of ? ), 
  my ancestors were from ireland/germany . '' ? 
  would make things a lot simpler , methinks . 
  that 's still very weird , though . 
  i ca n't imagine saying `` i am a mathematician '' just because my grandpa was one . 
  if their parents are chinese it 's still a close link , and the kid should probably speak chinese and be at least somewhat acquainted with chinese culture . 
  although i have a chinese friend who was born in france and spent the first few years living there before moving back to china ( at that point he was fluent in both french and chinese ) , and when he returned back to france after several years , some of our mutual chinese friends did not consider him a chinese because he was born in france . 
  it 's kind of cringy hearing people describe themselves as * x * or * x * - americans without speaking the language and not being familiar with the culture of the * x * country . 
  many of my ancestors on one of my parent 's side were from austria and germany , and i ca n't imagine calling myself austrian-pole or german-pole , even though i could communicate in german at a very basic level , and have been to or through germany dozens of times . 
  edit : whose the butthurt downvoter ? 
  just because the laws with the type of guns are fairly liberal by eu standards , doesnt mean we have a lot guns ( at least in civilians hands ) . 
  only in 2011 was the law liberalized , before that you would be lucky to be able to get anything beyond a rimfire pistol or a .38 spc after several years . 
  these days we have a larger variety of toys to play with but jumping through the hoops of getting a sports permit still takes a few months . 
  that and low wages deters most people but it 's slowly getting better . 
  legally only in case of rape , or danger to mother 's health , or if something 's wrong with the foetus . 
  most abortions done in poland are done illegally by those who ca n't afford to do it abroad . 
  why are you asking , though ? 
  there was a short period of time ( few years ago ) where you could buy full auto firearms ( calibers between 5.45 to 7.62 for rifles , 6 to 12mm for pistols/pdws/smgs ) , aks included ( centerfire , usually 7.62 x39 ) on a collector 's permit , but now it 's harder so most stores selling to civilians convert their aks to semi-auto , or keep full auto aks and convert it to semi auto if their customer ca n't buy full auto . 
  back then 2nd hand fa akms in a good condition with 4 mags ran at ~ $ 250 . 
  now it 's at least $ 400 , or $ 600 for semi-auto . 
  a lot have been bought and exported , and the national agency selling military surplus arms recently stopped selling for some political reason so the prices have gone up . 
  you buy an ak if you have a sports or a collectors permit , there are probably dozens of gun stores with aks . 
  it used to be cheaper but the prices have seen an increase in the past years , small market and having to turn it into semi auto only also raises the price . 
  you can ( or could , recently the prices have been increasing ) get them for $ 200 in poland but it would be full auto so it would have to be sent to a gunsmith first raising the cost since most people cant own fa legally . 
  why have n't you yet moved to the uk ? 
  czech republic ! = chechnya, 
  maybe sorbian ? 
  average * before * taxes is about 4k , the median * after * taxes is about 2400zl . 
  i do n't know if they make a majority ( probably not ) but handguns are quite popular in czech republic . 
  not in poland . 
  if it 's a lot of money you might need to call them in advance to have them prepare the money , but other than that we at least try to pretend to have rule of law so without a good reason , e.g. 
  a court order , the bank has to give you your money . 
  full report : http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-at-a-glance_en_0.pdf, 
   also , how are there so many fiat 126 's there ( we call them `` peglica '' ) ? 
  i just read that they were extremely popular in poland , but , still , this is 1997 . 
  because they were cheap . 
  production in italy stopped in 1980 , but in poland they were produced until 2000 . 
  before 2005 you could still find many of them on the streets , things started changing when poland joined the eu , and more cars started to be imported . 
  even though it 's a small 25hp car , it was a family car for those that could get their hands on one ( money was not the only barrier , before 1989 you had to sign up and wait at least a few years if you were lucky to be able to buy a car ) . 
   i dont see the us touching anyone but them selfs not too puritan for that ? 
  we do the same in poland . 
  older brits might still use them . 
   ~ ~ procurator ~ ~ prosecutor ftfy . 
  20-25 year old beat up bmws with a high mileage which are imported from germany because they no longer meet their safety standards . 
  volkswagen golfs are also very popular . 
  czech republic - they are not the vatican 's vassal . 
  someone just went and downvoted every comment - why ? 
  if getting admitted to a crappy uni abroad is all you can do then you 're right . 
  a family member of mine did that and was n't happy with the result . 
  but if you can get admitted to a decent ( top10 ) uni then there 's not much reason to stay in poland . 
   it is highly unlikely for you to get an offer if you do n't meet these minimum requirements i think it depends on the overall application , i got an offer from warwick without meeting the minimal entry requirements . 
  yup , got ta strike while the iron is still hot . 
  i 'd say most people are n't against muslims per se , but against those that come to europe to mooch and leech off others ' work , and commit crimes . 
  but in poland it 's very difficult to live on welfare alone , so pretty much the only muslims that come here come here to work or study - and those people are welcome . 
  there 's a very small minority of people who 'd prefer only poles lived in poland , but they are not representative of the general population . 
  as for gays , if they do n't feel you 're flaunting it in their faces ( e.g. 
  by organizing gay parades ) , or if you 're not someone who closely works with kids , then again most wo n't mind with whom and what you do in the privacy of your home . 
  about 25 % of estonia 's population consists of russians ( of whom only about a third hold estonian citizenship ) . 
  you can get a two course meal for 2.35 $ in a * bar mleczny * . 
  in other places it 's usually at least 50 % more expensive . 
  yup : /, 
  with pis as a majority they can do a lot more harm than an odd one or two korwin mps . 
  which non-german schools have left you with a bitter taste if i may ask ? 
  depends on the gun , was it originally made in semi auto , or was it modified from select fire to semi auto , and if it was modified how was it done . 
  i have seen m16s in poland that could be modified back to full auto in under half an hour . 
  semi-auto firearms are often easily modified to full-auto so i 'm not sure it makes sense in restricting full autos . 
  even then , if someone wanted to kill as many people as possible , it would make sense to use semi-auto mode and aim at each target . 
  full auto uses up all your ammo very quickly ( which leaves you vulnerable until you reload or grab another gun ) and the recoil is often too high to aim accurately so a lot of your shots miss the target . 
  that 's why it 's usually only used for things like suppressive fire . 
  irl guns are different than movies and video games . 
  not really . 
  unless you 're carrying a very old firearm that can go bang if dropped , or modify your trigger so that 's it 's extremely light , it 's a non-issue . 
  concealed carry ( with a loaded magazine and a bullet in the chamber ) is also allowed in poland with some permits ( instructor 's permit , sports permit and self-defense permit ) . 
  but if a gun is loaded it should be in a holster on your body . 
  not in poland . 
  do they have to disclose what they get from sources other than the state ? 
  because that 's what the other comment was about . 
   it 's possible to have a large portion of the populace not be involved in the workforce at all but still have a low unemployment rate because almost everyone in the workforce has a job . 
  and that is the case in poland . 
  the [ employment-to-population ratio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/employment-to-population_ratio ) is pretty low at ~ 60 % ( i think it 's 62 % or something now ) . 
  depends what you do .
