  that was to make sure everyone knows yugoslavia does n't exist anymore, 
  thanks for noticing , i put it in the image description , 
  * [ population source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_population ) * [ source for arable land and total area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_use_statistics_by_country ) * note that the area is land only , so no lakes , seas , etc. . . * arable land means land cultivated for crops like wheat , maize , and rice that are replanted after each harvest . 
  you can also see the permanent crops land at the [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_use_statistics_by_country ) page with crops that are not replanted after each harvest , like coffee . 
  * i could n't find the arable land area of england so i used the statistics of the uk . 
  i could n't find the total arable land area of the eu either so i calculated it by myself , something may have gone wrong , but i do n't think so . 
  * i forgot to add the permanent crops land to the comparisons . 
  malaysia has a lot of permanent crops , unlike finland . 
  cuba has also got more permanent crops than the czech republic . 
  and so does nigeria has more permanent crops than ukraine . 
  however , the total land where crops are being harvest is still almost the same with cr and cuba , ukraine and nigeria , and the other countries ( except finland and malaysia ) . 
  argentina does n't have much permanent crops . 
  indonesia has a total of 330,037 km2 of cultivated land ( arable and permanent crops ) , but this is still a lot less than europe . 
  the us has n't got much permanent crops . 
  overall , i think the comparisons are still good , even though i forgot to add the permanent crops land . 
  this was a poll commissioned by [ bloomberg ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-03/greeks-split-down-middle-before-bailout-referendum-poll-shows ) and conducted by the university of macedonia . 
  this has nothing to with the government ... 
  wow ... 
  i never really realized how extreme the climate can be there . 
  i knew california is much warmer than for example new york but you do n't think about it that much because it 's one country . 
  the differences between portugal and a scandinavian country is huge in climate , but the distance between the two countries could easily fit in the usa . 
  the ac is a huge improvement , i see , yet so many countries for example in africa , or india also have very warm climates and most of them do n't have an ac . 
  i wonder how they make it through the day , without the luxury of having continuous ( clean ) water and ac :(, 
  seriously how can you survive that ? 
  does every building have ac ? 
  i ca n't do anything all day , i just have to rest in the shadow and drink water if i do n't want to sweat to death ... how can you still be productive at 30 + c ? 
  i guess it has also something to do with getting used to it , but still ... 
  complaining about the weather ... must be dutch as well , oh yes you are , how suprising, 
  i ca n't believe there are countries that have this every day , i 'm dying already, 
  that 's also why the us is so high , a few very very rich people live there . 
  nothing special , i was just bored and decided to do a survey !, 
  you can click to show to results when you finished the survey . 
  china can now finally make greece their trade colony, 
  i hope it stays this way because america has a lot of influence to our youth with series and movies etc, 
  oh yes thank you !, 
  it 's sad that i get downvoted so much with only saying that there are also advantages next to the well known disadvantages ... 
  we make up 45 % of the worlds economy together , it 's good for both the eu and us . 
  everybody always talks shit about ttip without ever mentioning all the advantages of a trade agreement with the worlds biggest economy . 
  edit : let it be clear , i 'm against the investor protection part of the deal, 
  [ bonus : even more ` fun ' stats with more less-relevent countries ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wqpki ) and [ the future looks good for us ] ( http://imgur.com/ldwj5m8 ), 
  i meant ` fun ' in the way of ` interesting ' , ` fascinating ', 
  with the camper van all the way to portugal ? 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata ) the exact data sources are mentioned in the pictures . 
  check out the google public data site for more statistics , its a very interesting !, 
  i love england 's / uk 's relationship with france it feels like you guys really like each other though you just do n't want to admit it, 
  nothing , i could n't think of a language closer to english than dutch . 
  the vocabulary is so similar , at least with the basic words . 
  for example : what - wat , house - huis , food - voedsel , eat - eten , drink - drinken , sleep - slapen , rain - regen , sun - zon , i could literally go on for hours . 
  english is not a difficult language at all , it does n't have grammatical gender ( like der , die , das . . ugh ) nor declension ( like acc , gen , dat etc ) . 
  to be honest the narrator 's accent is kinda distracting, 
  why should we have to prove our freedom of speech by insulting other religions ? 
  i 'm hoping for a fiscal union but i do n't think that will happen anytime soon, 
  * capitol of eastern roman empire, 
  the fta with south korea is still on its way , and we 're negotiating with some middle eastern countries , all the south east asian countries , india and basically every country in the americas except for cuba and venezuela ,, 
  having a international lingua franca is just part of todays globalization , and i think it can be very useful . 
  we had two anglophone superpowers for the last to decades : british empire in 19th century and usa in the 20th , in which the world globalized more than evert . 
  that 's why english won , and i do n't think having any other language as lingua franca would be any better or worse . 
  i think the usa will not remain as only superpower but next to other countries like china . 
  china 's cultural dominance will never be as strong as the usa because unlike 20th century usa it has to share it 's world stage with other , so there 's no reason to think any other language will soon take over like chinese . 
  i hope however that languages like mine , dutch , will not be overtaken by the english one because our language is a huge part of our culture . 
  if people will stay speaking their own language next to english , it 's actually a good thing . 
  a most widely used language also means more more books that we can read without translations , more tv shows , movies from and for everywhere in the world , and so much more great opportunities . 
  geographically they 're asia but culturally not . 
  is this a colored version of an older picture ? 
  because it 's the original english . 
  you ca n't actually miss something as long as you still have it . 
  since when are there $ 1,50 coins ? 
  belgium is not a country, 
  lets build some dykes around it heheh, 
  this reminds me not to take peace of freedom for granted , it is something these millions of people have fought and died for . 
  sorry i messed those numbers up , i changed it now . 
  why would n't it be reasonable ? 
  europe had the power of all of those countries , much means it was pretty damn powerful . 
  and that 's the whole point i was making . 
  in comparison to basically any country 1600 onwards . 
  a joke ? 
  germany and uk combined had a bigger economy than usa in 1913 . 
  uk 's economy was bigger than the usa 's in 1870 . 
  it was more powerful in the colonial times than it is now . 
  also in 1950 africa had a population of 227,991 m , asia 1,437,565 m and europe 542,524 m. right now , europe has about 742,452,000 m while africa has 1.1 billion and asia 4,164,252,000 m . our economy used to be much bigger as well in comparison to other countries . 
  how can it not have been a power while literally ruling the whole world ? 
  but you do smash ancient pottery, 
  what kind of christians are they ? 
  that 's cold war time , interesting !, 
  just join the netherlands and stop this endless messy bureaucracy, 
  well ukraine isnt competing this year and i think we all know why, 
  the united states is far more powerful economically and military , and will help us out when we ever come in danger . 
  russia 's sphere of influence has gotten smaller and smaller over the years . 
  much of eastern europe has become part of either nato , the eu or both . 
  russia has , however , still a strong grip on ukraine and belarus and they need them as a buffer zone . 
  they are the ones that need to be worried . 
  i do n't think a ` world war 3 ' is going to happen anytime soon because russia is just much weaker , economically and military , as i mentioned before . 
  they have nukes , but they wo n't use them . 
  those ` cities ' are only for the rich , azerbaijan is building one as well , nobody can afford living there . 
  i wonder , is it actually cheaper for dutch students to study in belgium ? 
  it leads to competition which leads to both death and ( technological ) development, 
  i really do n't like to be the ` doomsday ' person , but the world is changing now faster than ever . 
  one simple message would take days to deliver from london to rome , but it 's different now . 
  now we can simply push a red button to destroy entire cities in seconds , just for your perspective .
