everytime there is a different word for something written in the north german area , i wonder who the fuck says these words like that i 've never heard anyone refer to greece as grekenland , or \u00d6sterreich as \u00f6\u00f6sterriek or jew as j\u00f6de, 
  i do n't know that many despised germans `` the nazis and the guys from the stasi '' covers a lot of people , but who knows anyone of those by name besides goebbels , mengele and himmler ? 
  josef mengele was also a major cunt, 
  that 's how the german do, 
  i did n't know internet explorer was in the eu, 
  dude , do n't worry , we germans * revel * in not being nazis any longer it 's a great way to act superior and humble at the same time and it provides a great shield in arguments . 
  think about it : if someone calls us nazis , you can instantly dismiss that persons opinion without any further thought , because we 're * totally not nazis anymore , and all the world can see that * . 
  look , we 're even giving israel submarines . 
  how not-nazi can you get ? 
  swings both ways i mean since we ca n't be xenophobic any longer , we just make fun of each other instead so basically we just returned to the state from before the kaiserreich, 
  for being oh so neutral , how come you have a plus on your flag , hm ? 
  well then there 's nothing to argue about . 
  i 'm glad we could clear that up and yes , merkel 's actions were rash and upset many people , quite a few from her own party even . 
  i do agree with the notion that we should try to help the refugees as best as we can , but ( and i am firmly stereotypical german here ) in an orderly fashion, 
  i do n't see the point you 're trying to make , because it seems like you 're agreeing with my point , but in an accusatory tone but to reply to your post : i am not responsible for merkels actions , i did n't vote for her and i would n't vote for her party either . 
  nontheless , until now merkel rarely acted on the spot . 
  she always made a more calculating impression . 
  we germans like that . 
  it 's gon na be interesting how ( or whether ) she survives the next election cycle, 
  in theory , when nothing happened , and you have an emotional distance to the subject . 
  that 's why we make laws in advance , with cold calculation , because in cases like this , it is hard to stay objective and true to your morals better to have guidelines fixed up in advance , so blood lust ca n't get the better of us, 
  i think we turned them into bullets . 
  they 're in russia now, 
  the clam you grab the sea by the clam god you sea germans get everything wrong, 
  well , it 's on my fb feed from the friends i left there sadly i am now in a shittier place rather than hamburg, 
  what i 'm saying is : if it 's snowing in * hamburg * , chances are it 's gon na snow everywhere else in germany soon enough . 
  though it 's probably only going to be a 1 cm film that turns into brown mush within a day, 
  lol , it 's been snowing in hamburg this night, 
  hamburg , germany as well, 
  you do n't even know the horrors that is `` german humor '' a collection of unfunny clowns that make the big bang theory appear genuinely clever, 
  as a german i am appalled at your lack of humour and people say we do n't have sense for it, 
  venezuela was a mistake as well, 
  i was being facecious . 
  none of the sundays are in any way latin, 
  sunday - from latin `` day of the sun '' i did n't know `` sun '' is latin, 
  i take the stupid tank build that smashes everything with his fists, 
  german humour is about 73 % puns and wordplay that do n't translate terribly well the rest is schadenfreude that everyone should be able to get behind, 
  what do you expect when finns just keep burning churches left and right . 
  has none of you read the tale of the `` 3 little pigs '' ? 
  you have n't been following the news , have you ? 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges here . 
  india is a comparatively poor country . 
  yes , it has a huge population , but the per capita gdp of india is a meager $ 6200/year , compared to the us pretty strong $ 55000 . 
  and while indias economy seems to be doing quite well , it 's still nowhere near as attractive as the us market the us economy is not comparable with any other single country , because nowhere else can you find that many people with that much disposable income, 
  you do realize that the us market is 5-6 times larger than the british one ? 
  bike stealing is a dutch past time from what i heard , do n't pass this on to us, 
  i 'll sink your ass , you little shit !, 
  oh i know that the youth is more open minded . 
  i know some young poles as well , but it 's always the elders that screw them over . 
  same with brexit . 
  poland is on its way on the path to the same antics as turkey tho . 
  pis is not that different from the akp, 
  marriage between humans and offworlders remains illegal, 
  and it would be about damn time . 
  when deeply catholic countries like ireland , or former ussr satellite states have more progressive laws than us , we should feel ashamed, 
  iznogoud ... was n't that the short vesir who tries to dethrone the sultan ? 
  i did n't know it was a comic series , only know it as a cartoon, 
  lol the supplier of performance enhancing drugs is called getafix ? 
  good one . 
  our version is named like a brand of instant noodles, 
   they knew what they were doing this is what i was pointing out . 
  poland is surprisingly ( with regard to their low average income ) full of people who know what they 're doing, 
  it also helps that they have a relatively highly educated population while still retaining a low average income . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , they have a booming it market that attracts a lot of investment ( i.e. 
  the witcher series are from a polish developer ), 
  yeah , but then again , we also sent a woman that the arabians thought was a man and started an internet shitstorm when she shook the hand of a saudi princess lol, 
  that 's racist, 
  palast is the same as a schloss , just with absolutely no fortifications of any kind, 
  that 's your opinion , and i repsect that , but do n't hold it against me when i take the assessment of the chief executive of the british bankers ' association more serious than yours, 
  i am just regurgitating what i read on the web https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/22/leading-banks-set-to-pull-out-of-brexit-uk, 
  all the juicy banking money flowing out of london has to go somewhere . 
  and that somewhere might very well be frankfurt . 
  i read about a couple large banks have already announced that they 're thinking of switching locations , hsbc for example . 
  britain leaving the single market being one of the big driving forces behind this, 
  i am sure this made the mayor of frankfurt a happy man, 
  look at that tiny part of south america count as europe how cute , they think they 're people btw , by that logic , should n't greenland be purple as well ? 
  goddammit brandenburg , stop embarrassing us and get your shit together . 
  and people scaremonger against refugees , smh, 
  tru dat mirinda is superior, 
  yeah , but we lose saarland to lorraine . 
  this map makes no sense, 
  what are the states based on ? 
  i mean german partition is largely based on exisiting federal states , but if you 're going to redraw the map , it should be based on culture , language , ethnic groups and population . 
  why merge elsace with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , and saarland with lorraine , but the eastern german states remain unchanged ? 
  the bundesrat ( federal council , representation of the german federal states ) can propose laws , but the bundestag ( parliament ) passes them . 
  the inside of the bundestag is not from 1933 though . 
  after the war , the german government was seated in bonn , because as we all know , berlin was not a convenient place to assemble during the cold war . 
  after the german reunification , it was decided to modernize the building and rebuild the dome structure that was lost in the war . 
  the reichstag itself is a very humbling building that perfectly symbolizes the modern german state : everything is very modern but humble . 
  the traces of war were left on the building wherever possible , to remind the representatives of what happens when they fail their duties and the parliament room itself is open and can be accessed by the public via galleries , again to remind them where their duties are . 
  i love how over the top and opulent the italian chambers are very much in tune with italian traditions, 
  you mean like letting in refugees without any preparations ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it is our duty as europeans to help these people , after all the west was in no small part responsible for the fuckery goin on in the middle east , but the whole fiasco was a complete shit show and would 've needed to be handled in the regular merkel like manner : composed and calm , not emotional and rushed . 
  i have immense respect for merkel for that , but i ca n't deny that in the larger scheme of things , this was handled incorrectly, 
  smart people , those frog eaters if only they would finally get a bit more * l\u00e9ger * with speaking english, 
  well , in * parts * of europe . 
  germany is not as ridiculous as the us but very far from reasonable nontheless, 
  do you know whether i can get a french contract as a german ? 
  if it has free roaming , it might be worth a consideration, 
  ca n't i just get a dutch mobile contract ?
