i loled, 
  nice , will incorporate this into my dinner party routine . 
  thanks for the source !, 
  dont know why this is downvoted , because it 's true . 
  d\u00f6ner kebap was invented in germany . 
  can confirm, 
  if that 's true it would be a really funny anecdote ... 
   josef fritzl dunno if this is a try to piss me off as a german , but fritzl was austrian ( like hitler ) . 
  i like to call austrians `` bergdeutsche '' ( mountain germans ) ( sorry austrians :d ), 
  i 'm as german as it gets . 
  i am a quarter polish tho , but that can be considered germany if you look at the right timeframe ( sorry , i like inappropriate jokes the most ), 
  yeah , ok there are poetic and funny texts in german , but let me give you an example of what i mean : in english you can practically take a noun and create a verb from it . 
  or you can put together words easily to form new words . 
  while this is possible in german , there are strict limitations . 
  english is way more playful . 
  also in german we have special words for everything , while in english the same word is used in lots of meanings . 
  this makes lots of puns possible in the first place . 
  and let 's be honest : german is n't quite the language of love ... 
  fun fact : the song `` mein teil '' ( my piece ) is about the guy that met with another guy to eat the other guys penis ( happened in one of our rothenburgs ( cant remember which one ) few years ago . 
  a few things actually made me laugh . 
  i guess what would piss me off most is , if bavarian stereotypes are applied to the rest of the country ( there are quite a lot germans that hate bavaria , the football team as well as the state ), 
  nuclear energy is only considered `` cheap '' because the storage and everything related to the radioactive waste ( even hazards like in fukushima ) are n't priced in . 
  if you would , nuclear energy would be way more expensive than other forms of energy - probably not even economically reasonable . 
  the waste problem still is n't solved . 
  where to put the radioactive waste ? 
  just unload it onto the coming 1000 generations?bury it somewhere ? 
  send it to eastern europe or africa ? 
  make no mistake . 
  german engineers may be able to build safe nuclear power plants , but huge energy companies only want cheap power plants ( = old , already written off ones ) . 
  also there is no 100 % safety ( you could argue that the japanese should also be able to run a power plant properly , could n't you ? ) . 
  if you have a hazard in a nuclear power plant , whole regions can turn to a nuclear wasteland for hundreds , maybe even thousands of years . 
  and for what ? 
  to make the big power companies even richer than they are today ? 
  because again , make no mistake - the allegedly low costs wo n't be passed to the customers , that 's as safe as the bank of england . 
  the place that is called germany today was almost completely covered with wood not so many hundred years ago . 
  i like to think that we germans therefore have a deep connection with nature and try to protect it . 
  maybe thats just an overly romantic thought , but i kinda like it . 
  i love [ josef hader ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiovsdlaawq ) , he 's so good . 
  cracks me up every time . 
  on the other hand , german political cabaret has/had some really good artists ( georg schramm , hagen rether , dieter hildebandt , volker pispers ), 
  so embarassing . 
  i guess that 's because we sold all our good gear to the saudis ... 
  as a german i have to agree . 
  it 's terrible . 
  i guess it 's the language . 
  german is made for engineers and bureaucrats , not for being funny or even the bed . 
  this made me lol ( but i also found the reply before to be quite interesting ), 
  i 'm actually astonished how little the germany part pisses me off . 
  i guess it 's because we all know , we are superior and could invade europe again anytime . 
  with hybrid tanks and biodegradable rounds of course . 
  even though it can get annoying from time to time , i 'm kinda proud of our eco-fascism . 
  i 'm no diplomat . 
  i do n't know which measures the diplomatic protocol covers ( like summoning ambassadors etc ) . 
  i 'm just saying , there must be some . 
  well , the settlers killed like , what , 100 million indians ? 
  what does that say ? 
  i 'm not saying `` be nice to them '' but to manipulate them . 
  this kind of thinking leads to a spiral of escalations and use of military force in the end . 
  well , maybe i was n't clear on that . 
  with `` symbolic gesture '' i meant doing something , so he feels respected . 
  not giving him something actual or rewarding him . 
  i do n't have a full catalogue of diplomatic measures that are existant , but there must be others than sanctions . 
  i know . 
  i just do n't like to see escalation after escalation ... there must be other ways . 
  and psychology is a mighty ally if you use it right . 
  lol , i get your point . 
  hitler was a deeply traumatized , sick man tho . 
  his plan was to conquer europe from the start . 
  if ppl would 've read mein kampf , they knew . 
  well , putin maybe not the most sane person , but i dont think his goal is to conquer europe . 
  imo , putin does this mainly for inner political reasons . 
  riding topless on a horse is n't enough anymore . 
  i talked about a guy from moscow the other day ( met him at a club ) and he concured . 
  this whole sanction-thing is totally wrong imo . 
  you get most from people , if you confirm them in the role they * want * to be seen . 
  if you have a bossy boss , treat him , well , like he 's the boss . 
  this does n't mean being submissive . 
  same applies to politicians , as they are people , too ( hard to believe , i know ) . 
  putin wants to be seen as the big , strong man . 
  if the world leaders would have given putin some respect with some kind of symbolic gesture , this whole occupation and annexation would long be over . 
  sad to see moderate & considerate posts like this being downvoted . 
  / r/europe has become a pretty racist sub lately . 
  that 's a lot like germany . 
  except the getting drunk in the sauna part . 
  here everybody does it for health and probably relaxation . 
  elevators . 
  i stopped reading at `` bild newspaper claimed '', 
  my grandmother told me that . 
  she used to be an english teacher . 
  but from time to time we need to release our inner twat  anyhow , have a nice weekend mate !, 
  or revers innit ? 
  i always thought the british people usually where to polite to correct non natives ... you 're not british then i take it ? 
  dat ~ ~ collar ~ ~ revers tho . 
  give me an example please . 
  just one . 
  considering the fact that marx 's ideas come from a very different time ( marx was born 1818 as a son of a renowned jewish lawyer ) , where workers practically had no rights , you could n't even find figuratively similar policies of merkel an marx . 
  marx was all for the workers , fair payment and opposed to company bosses that get rich off the labor of their factory workers that lived under terrible conditions . 
  merkel does everything to make company bosses and share holders happy . 
  guess why volkswagen or every other car manufacturer in germany could get away with their shit for so long ? 
  everyone knew for years they where faking tests .
