  you are correct in this case . 
  although this airport thing remind me of pre-crisis spain ... 
  oh my gosh , that song has became so over used and pathetic long time ago . 
  but seriously , this situation is outrageus, 
   i sympathize with communists i hope that was n't serious . 
  and gowin . 
  i think they are the same as po on social issues . 
  but now there are simply no young people in the parliment . 
  and all young people have rather relaxed social opinions . 
  so in a couple of years we might see the same evolution of our right as took place in britain . 
  well it could be said so . 
  here 's why : the ceo of this [ russian company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acron_group ) that wanted to do a [ hostile takeover ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/takeover#hostile_takeovers ) is an oligarch , closely associeated with a putin 's regime . 
  fortunatley polish authoritis put some new legal securities to prevent azoty from being hostily taken over by russians . 
  so as you can clearly see , in our part of world , the war is still on . 
  yes chief editor said they have backups and that it is about princiles . 
  he stated that he happily will hand them over copies as soon as independent court will order a verdict for prosecutors to do so . 
  our courts are not in a hurry here and for a good reason , because the law grounds are shaky . 
  because the original pendrive or hdd can lead authorities to the source . 
  and source by polish law is protected . 
  also he said that in those hdds are drafts of further articles and other files from journalists investigations and by confiscating hdds secret services will gain unlawful acess to things unassociated with a cause . 
  as you can clearly see , it ' t about defending freedom of press which is guaranteed by constitution of poland . 
  true, 
  ok , let 's stop now with those invectives . 
   also , our interior minister said that they are donating money to some airports `` under the table '' so that they function . 
  he also said that the polish state `` only exists theoretically , in practice it does n't exist because it works with its particular fragments , not understanding that it 's an entity '' . 
  they also discuss a businessman who thinks they robbed him , that maybe they should `` rob him even more '' . 
  can confirm , those were the exact words from the article . 
  oj tam oj tam, 
  exactly and in english germany and poland have fatherlands . 
  if you mentioned those issues . 
  i 'm pro guy partnership legalisation , pro abortion legalisation and pro weed depenalisation and reduction of church influence in poland . 
  but po , just like pis is against thoso things . 
  and there are no other serious parties in our parliment . 
  so i 'm just gon na vote for them and give them a chance . 
  they wasted it big time . 
  i do n't know about you but here in poland we have the fatherland . 
  well , these are complicated issues . 
  but someone will have to replace current gov. 
  do not worry pis will have to form coalition with someone . 
  in our parliment it is impossible to rule without coalicion . 
  seconds :d, 
  yea right , i left once for erasmus but in the end i was happy to come back to our little hell  m\u00f3j kraj ... taki pi\u0119kny ... i_i, 
  hahahah , r u kidding me ? 
  i fear that serial suicider might meet editor in chief during coming weekend . 
  i really hope so . 
  in my opinion what you 've just said is a classic * reductio ad absurdum *, 
  holly fucking shit [ live feed ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/abw-i-policja-w-redakcji-wprost-nikt-nie-byl-przygotowany-na-taka-akcje,441046,s.html ) now the case is even more serious than it was an hour ago . 
  secret services and policed use physical force on journalists to copy all files from hdds , pendrives etc. 
  what 's more , they spend 3 hours , having tried to copy files from apple because they had ' t have appple specialists with them ... pathetic ... 
  i agree . 
  tl ; dr : i was too young to remeber well , but from what i read and heard , pis was n't as bad as po and most of negative hype was generated by opposing media . 
  i 'm not as old to remember very well that whole stuff when pis was in power . 
  on the other hand , i heard that there were some minor affairs , especially with over sensitivity to corruption ( i think that is good and only `` dirty '' people complained about that ) . 
  overally most of that atmosphere was created by mainstream media which were contected to current clique . 
  so i think i 'm gon na give him a shot . 
  why not ? 
  what worse can happen ? 
  ... and then the commies turned into ruthless capitalistic post-commies who in a blink of an eye ( and corruption here and there ) became free market lover . 
  on the other hand , the new commies turned into centro-rightish wing , which presents something like german christian-ish socialism-ish point of view . 
  yea , that seems quite resonable . 
  i would n't have connected those two things myself . 
  if next elections will be held earlier i might vote for i guy i would n't imagine myself voting for year ago . 
  if you know what i mean ... 
  yes , do n't you know that ? 
  this was the whole idea of the round table . 
  although it did n't turn out as it supposed to be . 
  or security officers associated with kwa\u015bniewski , pay back that parliment could n't deliver them former cba chief . 
  or russians are trying to destabilise goverment . 
  ( did i go to far here ? ), 
  well , whoever did this , it 's not as important as what more might be on tapes . 
  i agree with you . 
  well , there are presumably + 900 h ( yes , nine hundred hours ) of those tapes . 
  i would n't be surprise if the prime minister himself is recorded there . 
  based on the erratic actions of minister of internal affairs and prime minister , we might infer that records might be , at best , incriminating . 
  remember that in case of rejection , prosecutor threatened to confiscate all hard drives from wprost , effectively shutting down the redaction . 
  also they do n't want copies , they only want originals so they could identify the informator ( which is illegal acording to polish press law ) . 
  this is the first time in modern poland that such an occurance took place . 
  they tried to broke a constitution , now they are supressing free press . 
  i think that this time everybody will wake up and further leaks will be released . 
  this is the end of that government , they are extremally afraid of further releases . 
  i wonder , what other `` dirty little secrets '' await . 
  they are extremally afraid that this might spread to russia . 
  so they try to immunise population by exposistion to distorted , atenuated ideas of the maidan revolution ( viral meme ) . 
  democracy is what gives putin nightmares . 
  for me being polish and european is overlapping . 
  you might be interested in [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_identity_cards_in_the_european_union ), 
  i belive people in uk use driving licence instead of a true id card . 
  true, 
  fookin ' rooskies commies, 
  and are gaaays, 
  exactly : ) aaah , internet illiterates these days ... i thought the died out already, 
  so in the future , are we going to casualy transfer cryptocoins for watching cute cats and movies :d ? 
  i really do n't like this [ molotov ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vyacheslav_molotov ) ... sorry i meant lavrov . 
  obviously . 
  i 'm not an expert and i do n't know the technicalities of crypto currencies but outside techie 's world it has a shady reputation at best . 
  we were such an adorable pair together ... 
  let 's see what 'll happen after all leaks will be released tomorrow . 
  i seriously do n't expect them to win this time . 
  it 's a shame that gowin could n't create anything meaningful between pis and po , though . 
  it 's not that simple .
