  this usulally happens on more serious parties . 
  we use flip flops or sleepers for home but not shoes . 
  guests usually walk in socks , though , 
  shoes always off !!!!, 
  :p haha i remember when italian and spanish friends came to me and sat on my matress with shoes on . 
  it was ... unsetteling for me . 
  bringing dirt and microbes into house which is supposed to be your safe place ... brrrrr  ) ), 
  i think [ this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/grossgliederung_europas-en.svg ) is the most accuarate representaion of current european cultural landscape . 
  this is stupid . 
  polish diaspora is almost always treated more or less normally everywhere , yet we adapt and integrate very quickly . 
  at the same time , we cultivate our traditions , language and polish patriotism but it does not interfere with social order or career . 
  maybe it 's because there are little cultural differences but again , irish are also not so different . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's done precisely to prevent baltics from being screw . 
  detterance is the key word here . 
  let 's use gender bomb !!, 
  that 's because of the contrast with greenish . 
  there is something in it . 
  but these are our ` internal ' love-hate things . 
  let 's not wash them in front everyone else . 
  let alone making these little animosities stand in front of our common interests . 
  poland ( probably after uk ) is the firmest ally in eu . 
  it is well remembered here that we owe you that you backed up solidarity movement and the fall of the communism . 
  it 's the common folk view so you even ca n't win any elections without pro americanism . 
  keep in mind that the government that send troops to iraq and afganistan was from the party that was a direct descendant from previous communistic party . 
  that 's a twist !, 
  are you insane ? 
  occupy ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we want bases and us boys that can party in our clubs , eat our food , learn polish a little ( and protect ue border from mordor ) . 
  well but what about an average student like me ? 
  i 've never been to england but i was on erasmus in netherlands . 
  and i 've been learning english since kindergarden ( and german since middle school ) . 
  so is this an immersion experiance for you ? 
  everybody speaks english as a second language but no one needs and immersion anymore . 
  english has long ago detached itself from the islands . 
  and what is wrong with that ? 
  in central europe english is especially popular because of its neutrality . 
  it removes any historical resentiments and allows us to communicate without enforcing any language as superior . 
  wickeeeeed xd, 
  true : /, 
  let 's just not be that optimictic shall we ? 
  optimism is just not polish m ` kaay ? 
  we have to complain in order to improve :d, 
  let me just remind you that 15th army in the world , unfortunately , in our possision is the same as no army at all . 
  a few years ago i was very pleased , listening to farages speeches in the eu parliment . 
  becasue i still agree that eu is too much beurocratic and too impotent to act on anything . 
  but in the current situation and the fact that putin want to divie eu as much as possible i find this party to be damaging . 
  right wing useful idiot . 
  german greed has won :(, 
  that 's very interesting . 
  i 'm learning so many things here !, 
  thanks mate !, 
  ok i know it is n't the same leage but in my city we have an alley of the terror victims of 9/11 . 
  but it 's a new street in a developing industrial sector of a city - you have been warned . 
  nothing fancy , but still :p just type in maps : \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , aleja ofiar terroryzmu 11 wrze\u015bnia . 
  me too . 
  because frankly i find it unfair that us are in italy and germany . 
  it 's totally pointless in current security architecture . 
  of course i know that the infrastructure and whole operation of resettlement is a huge deal in the light of recent economic turmoil . 
  but in the coming years ? 
  i hope that would change a little . 
  i ca n't even imagine what estonians , latvians and lithuanians feel right now . 
  it 's like south korea without americans there ... 
  what if they said no to korea and japan ? 
  now you would had have a big threat just acros the sea . 
  how can they say no if they want to build common trade space with eu ? 
  it 's in the best interest to secure europe since it 's the biggest trader , exchanger of technology , science and ideas . 
  and not only this . 
  us have only europeans in this world . 
  nobody else can identify wih the same values , same principles and think in the same way ( more or less ) . 
  in the long run , decline of europe might be a beggining of decline of america as you know it . 
  i thing you are right but it 's not about the immediate threat . 
  it 's about a long term detterence of even thoughts of this possibility . 
  100 % true . 
  as sadly as it sound , right now poland can only depend on us . 
  then who is he ? 
  recently he 's quite frequently presented on reddit as a kremlin puppet or something . 
  honestly i 've just became aware of his existence just after the crisis had begun . 
  the impression is that he serves some function to the regime . 
  another thing is that , after such an outrage , any descent politician would leave public life just out of simple shame . 
  in countires like russia nothing like this is perforemed by senior officials without knowledge of the top . 
  so the question is , what putin wanted to gain by ordering such a performance ? 
  first as some redditor implied , he probably wanted to project a contrasting image as a restraind , rational and well mannered leader . 
  probably the only force that not only protect average russians from evil west and oligarchs but from his own brute political apparatus . 
  but again putin himself couple of times on tv conferences spoke in a way that already had hinted that he also is ruthless boor . 
  so the question remains . 
  what is another goal of this ? 
  delicious, 
  does n't matter , it 's super yummy . 
  and also these red , spicy , little sasuages that you have to roast or fry before eating . 
  i even took some of these to poland :d, 
  we are poles therefore we complain . 
  period . 
  these are exactly my thoughts that english are sort of exposed to everyone . 
  ca n't even make silly coments between themselves in hostels . 
  and forget about any confidentiality !, 
  i wonder what 's the stereotype of poles in croatia ? 
  we love your warm sea,
