  that 's why lot 's of ukrainian women look for husbands in poland . 
  but honestly what man in his right mind would like to live there ? 
  the male population preety much drink there in their free time and that would be it . 
  very little people outside moscow or petersburg do anything else . 
  i have similar experiance just couple fo weeks ago.i travelled to barcelona and valencia . 
  while in poland , sure , we have bulgarian and roma beggars in most tourist cities the amount of them in spain just 've blown my mind away . 
  can you imagine that they even had matrasses and sofas hiddden in alleys in the middle of the cities ? 
  there were so many of them and i always thought that in old eu you 've got less of them then we have . 
  it was quite the opposite . 
  on the other hand if i become homeless begar one day , i would definetily migrate to south to enjoy warmth all year round , 
  i was stuyding for one semester in groningen are there were some beggars there . 
  it 's true that popular public spaces like grote markt or city centre were without them and the police presence was very visible there . 
  on the other hand you could easily encounter them in front of supermarkets in the living neighbourhoods . 
  they were usulally asking for a change . 
  one time i was willing to give my sandwich that i did n't eat at the uni but when beggar realised that i wo n't give him any mony he turned away murmuring some , i imagine , swearings . 
  another interesting thing was that most of them were arab-ish or black-ishs but at the university there were very little representants of thoso etnicities . 
  polish gandarmerie is not involved in civilian issues . 
  it 's sole role is to be the ` police ' of the military . 
  they are sometimes involved when we have national catastrophes like floods etc. 
  on the other hand , apart from the police we 've got city guards but they have very limited rights . 
  their role is to fine wrongly parked cars or people drinking in public spaces . 
  for expample if they want to search you or look in the database hey have to call the police themselves . 
  recently some cities have canceled them by the means of referendum . 
  edit : spelling, 
  1 ) ulrich seidl , michael haneke 2 ) a cousin of my acquaintance from high school times , lived in vienna and sometimes she was bringing pink cigarettes to parties . 
  i forgot their name though . 
  3 ) austro-hunagry and the least oppresive region of partition of poland . 
  poles were allowed to hold public offices , got o university and even speak in polish in schools . 
  which was forbidden and strictly punished in germany and russia . 
  4 ) they speak different german 5 ) vienna is one of the places i want to visit for a couple of days edit : layout, 
  russia is a retarded country . 
  period . 
  yea , i even travelled to spain to see my female friend that i 've met while we were living in another country . 
  she was very happy to see my , even took me to her family town for a couple of days but ... nothing happend . 
  i think i was friedn-zoned but how do i know ? 
  the latter would n't do you much good . 
  look and poland , we 're catholics , our birth rates are one of the lowest in eu :(, 
  i will deprive you of your sweet illusion . 
  you pay for everything just like in any other country . 
  the means of payment are just different and not so annoying because most of things are included in taxes already . 
  but bewaye , an expat like you would have to pay for everything and the prices would be so high that you 'll probably have to sell your car to compensate for a doctor :p so it 's not like everything is for free , there is nothing for free !, 
  ah , so in pl we have also have something like sinterklaas i.e. 
  st. nicholas day on 6th december . 
  while he originaly looked very similar to your sinterklass , now his image merged with the pop culture santa . 
  a night before 6th parents put some minor present , sweets , chocolate or gingerbread under a child 's pillow or into a big red sock that kid hang in the room . 
  and than , on christmas eve - [ wigilia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wigilia ) which is today , paradoxically sort of more important than chrismas itself , santa came second time and give more presnts that are better and bigger . 
  it is customary that on wigilia you meet with whole family , even distant one . 
  it the time when all poles travel . 
  btw . 
  i remember sinterklass , since i was on erasmus in nl   it was pretty amazing , this santa party on city streets . 
  pi\u0142sudzki is one of the most respected poles in modern poland on every side of the political spectrum . 
  there are plenty of statues and streets named after him . 
  and cooperation of pi\u0142sudzki and dmowski ( who mutualli hated each other ) in establishing the second republic is still beign shown as an classic exmaple of overcoming huge political differences for the benefit of our nation . 
  yea , me neither . 
  but i like the development of the visegrad group with the possibility to formation an milirary alliance with nordics . 
  better safe than sorry , you know . 
  well , if i may suggest something . 
  let 's keep belarus and western ukraine out of it  they are very differnt mentally from us . 
  remember that they had communism for more or less 100 years and all the old elites died off , without remembering the normal life . 
  result is that even opposition , with all good intention , is n't well prepared to deal with modern problems and cociety in these countires . 
  they would be enormous burden to our economies . 
  and remember that we have already regions that need urgent infrastructular and industrial development . 
  so i would vote for stregthening ties within visegrad group and maybe , in the light of recents events in ukraine and russia , increase military cooperation . 
  i do n't think that people in poland will support such an alliance . 
  we are too different culturally and menatly to form a union . 
  i was at lviv 3 times and it was almoust a culture shock for me . 
  and it is said that hey are the most open-minded and modern . 
  [ v4 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ) on the other hand is fairly appreciated amongs our people . 
  there are really only minor differences, 
  wait a minute , britain/france ? 
  r u kidding me ? 
   v4 yes , [ v4 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ) could be a great idea !, 
  it could potentially counter balance an agressive economical expansion of germany and restrain recent imperialist russian behaviour . 
  i hope that it will return on the agenda once again because it became a shadow of itself . 
  why politicians do n't develop that idea . 
  as far as i know , majority of people from those country support that kind of cooperation . 
  and you could set a joint military partnership with poland . 
  you know , just in case russiansgot crazy once again , 
  yea , they were populistic and capitalized on the crisis ( despite contrary media coverage we have minor crisis-like process going on in poland ) . 
  this movement is n't taken seriously even among silesians , mainly because the sole existence of such a minority is disputed . 
  there are virtually no diffrence between them and polish apart from a local dialect heavily influenced by german and czech . 
  moreover it is widely belived that the movement itself might be influenced , encoureged or even finaced by germans to weaken our unity as a poles and in the distant future cause a separation of silesia . 
  to tie it to gemany of course since it is one of the richest in natural resources and infrastructre region in this part of europe . 
  i do n't know if hat 's the case but in the light of our recent history with our neighboors we should be extremally cautios , when some kind of autonomy movments appear . 
  cause there huge difference between autonomy and recpect for the local folklore traditions . 
  well not exactly in the benelux . 
  in poland we always had saint nocolas . 
  today we still have saint nicolas but he 's image merged with a pop culture santa . 
  as a result our santa looks more or less as pop culture santa but is called saint nicolas . 
  santa is called saint nicholas but looks more or less like an american pop-culture santa . 
  so i would dare to say that it 's a hybrid of some sort . 
  also , my parents always said that santa was a actually saint and that today he live in laponia and have raindeers , elves etc etc. 
  aha as for presents , children in pl usulaly write letters for santa . 
  i think that details varies from family to family but in my home i put letter outside a window . 
  at least in the center of pl, 
  if this is the future of eu , i 'm already scared ... 
  you would be amazed but for many of my spanish friends poles or dutch are also northern folks . 
  it 's was really revalatory . 
  in poland it 's widely accepted view that czech waiters are rude to us only because we are poles . 
  maybe bacause it 's a general myth that poles like czechs and czechs do n't like poles :d :d :d now i know that they are rude even to their own kind ,
