well said . 
  ha ha ha that troll-putin is hilarious !, 
  i was there with my grandparents when i was little !, 
  nice to know , thanks . 
  there was a bunch of finnish fans with suomi flags on the stadium , 
  we refer to poland as fatherland as well . 
  yet it 's a she - polska . 
  that was said on purpose , captain obvious , 
  that was said on purpose , captain obvious , 
  ha , so you like us after all . 
  in poland we have the folk knowledge that we like you and you do n't like us and we do n't know why . 
  east germany is also ex-satellite state ... of course it 's a crude hyperbole but it shows the quality of your argument quite well . 
  if you replace poland for germany , your sentence will sound equally true . 
  anyway , we like our pessimism and it 's called : zdrowy rozs\u0105dek = healthy reason . 
  spd are even worse than cdu indeed . 
  what kind of question is that :d ? 
  you 've got the wrong diller  btw . 
  i know that gypsies like that sport , there are proof vids on liveleak . 
  to govern a country against the country interests is an act of treason . 
  especially when every official leader pledges to serve the polish state ( yes , even communists were claiming that , because in poland you just ca n't govern without it ), 
  however , i 've just learned that ` burg ' in english means a [ a city or town , fortified town ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/burg ) . 
  so probably those terms - castle , fortified town , city are kind of related in etymology . 
  probably that was my source of confusion . 
  anyway you always learn sth new on reddit . 
  it was a grave disgrace on the polish history . 
  only fact that the forcibly installed , communist government was composed of anti-polish traitors save our face . 
  i ca n't argue with a deutscher , 
  ah , yes . 
  you are correct . 
  i confused german berg ( mountain ) with burg ( city ) . 
  still all nations , exept commies , connect it with the concept of the king 's place . 
  we call them * mr\u00f3wki * - ants . 
  kr\u00f3lewiec / k\u00f6nigsberg  funny that those names mean the same - king city . 
  kaliningrad on the other hand ... 
  i like lithuania and i plan to visit latvia and estonia as well !!, 
  i always dreamt about travelling europe by car or moto . 
  like from poland to portugal . 
  hell , it could be so much better than plane or train . 
  like a cheese, 
  honestly , i doubt it . 
  in poland turkey and egipt were very popular holiday destinations . 
  probably they still are . 
  ahhh are you citing tomorow rt news :d ? 
  i think it was irony . 
  we only ~ ~ tortured ~ ~ used enhanced interrogation technics on islamists which is n't that bad after all . 
  ultimate troll . 
  thank ~ ~ god ~ ~ allah that he 's not transexual as well xd, 
  that 's very interesting . 
  by the way , is it the only arabic family language utilising latin alphabet ? 
  polish is completely differnt but at the same time english is also easy for us ( for most of us ) . 
  nice to know !, 
  good job malta  spain and italy should follow your example . 
  i met one maltese girl from ifmsa in poland . 
  she was very beautiful and intelligent . 
  and spoke suprisingly good english . 
  ( lot 's of southern people in poland have problems with that ), 
  what does it have sticking out of it 's back ? 
  first of all why would euro countries oppose us ? 
  we have some differences , that 's for sure . 
  all can be negotiated between civilised nations . 
  that ; s why [ combining our economies takes so long ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_trade_and_investment_partnership ), 
  let 's hope apple wo n't suit polish goverment for misusing patented trademark , 
  that `` bunch '' varied , according to various resources , between 300 000 and 2 million citizens forcibly resettled into syberia-kazahstan etc region . 
  why they ca n't go back ? 
  tatars returned to crimea . 
  agreed . 
  but you ca n't deny that it 's a shining example . 
  during that time russian system magically transformed itself into a chancellery government type . 
  nice !, 
  i think this `` core state '' thing is little bit propagandish . 
  no doubt it is pleasing to hear this but poland is simply not ready . 
  we should refrain as long as we can from accepting common curency , make our economy inventive . 
  what 's more , we have weak demografic prognosis , weak state and under invested r&d sector . 
  our pension system will have to be seriously reengineered in the coming decade . 
  economically , demographically poland is not ready . 
  and in my opinion it will not be ready in the next 10 years . 
  politicians tend to awake hopes basedon false premises . 
  and journalists beef this narration up , because it hightens up the statistics . 
  ok , he tries and is a lot better than that one . 
  but still , i doubt that he 's any better than average public university student . 
  you 're right , but sikorski studied in oxford so ... it does n't count . 
  i 'm afraid that current polish pm is n't any better : /, 
  she probably would , escpecially coming from east germany which was previously independent from west germany ( but not independent * sensu stricto * ) . 
  is it because in gambler 's fallacy events have to be independent of one another but in this case humans learn and act accordingly to changing circumstances ? 
  ( in other words , separatist action are linked through cause and effect but in mentioned logical fallacy events occur always with the same probability ), 
  actually they are out of the separatists reach , since kharkiv and dnieproperowsk are firmly ukrainian . 
  true , true . 
  but , now instead of shroeder we , ve got spd part of the government and insted of berlusconi we 've got italy 's foreign minister who defends russia . 
  maybe this accident will be a wake up call but i have firm doubts if german or french companies value human life and principles of freedom above money . 
  they think , that they are safe and that polish officials are overreacting . 
  well , we are not overreacting , we react accordingly because if we do n't react now , later russians might simply kill us , like before . 
  most of those people are not ukrainian rebels . 
  according to various sources a large number of those people are citizens of russian federation . 
  many of them are former military servicemen , some of them are confirmed to be under direct supervision by russian military intelligence . 
  in interviews quite a substantial number of them , declare thet they fought either in afganistan or chechenya or participated in the invasion of crimea and georgia as well . 
  it 's really interesting bunch of ukrainians , indeed . 
  germans ? 
  is it not ? 
  the idea is quite similar , though without subforums . 
  maybe like stackoverflow .
