  they are scared shitless because a lot of social democrats are on the verge of going to jail . 
  they 're also trying to justify this with the fact that they won the popular vote . 
  tomorrow we have another big protest . 
  last time there were 30.000 just in bucharest and there were protests in most major cities . 
  we do what we can ... 
  oh yeah , i think i saw someone saying this on another pollution post . 
  thanks !, 
  wait a second ... are we doing good ? 
  :o only comuna brazi is a bit higher ( yellow ) . 
  why is poland doing so bad though ? 
  this one is really beautiful . 
  yeah , maybe they should show a tougher attitude , but maybe they 're afraid countries will exit based on this attitude ? 
  and some countries are really important to eu 's well being . 
  well , they 're not wrong . 
  i mean , how hard it is to understand that if you work together on issues , you can get past them eventually ? 
  it does sound recycled and it does sound cliche , but it 's true . 
  it 's not their fault some eu countries refuse to cooperate . 
  the video is wrong . 
  the coat of arms that was removed in 1989 is the [ communist coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fe/coat_of_arms_of_the_socialist_republic_of_romania.svg/800px-coat_of_arms_of_the_socialist_republic_of_romania.svg.png ) , not the current one , as they show it . 
  the eagles are usually symbols from the roman empire . 
  their eagle also looks like it 's having a seizure or something . 
  * gasps * that 's like telling kids there 's no such thing as santa . 
  the mighty true eagle . 
  not like the fake murican eagle . 
  our eagle best eagle !!, 
  ! ~ speaking of american [ eagles ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhitpttg888 ) -- i also appreciate ireland , greece and lions . 
  typically socialist coat of arms . 
  shhh . 
  i am helping the economy . 
  i think it 's disheartening , yes . 
  and even more so that their 2 % would make a big difference , considering their economy . 
  the 2 % is important , and logical , i agree , but it is not a obligation as far as i know . 
  i think countries have agreed to it , but i 'm not sure there 's any law or contract that binds countries to pay that 2 % . 
  a contract would have also given countries a time frame , i suppose . 
  some things i want to say : - nato is n't as stable anymore . 
  with trump making threats about the 2 % ( which i can understand is ** important ** for nato to work , but i discourage his idea of leaving allies to fend for themselves in case of a war even without the 2 % ) we find ourselves with a problem . 
  - some countries in the east are upping their defense to 2 % ( like romania ) and others do n't feel like it 's something they should spend that much money on . 
  they do n't feel threatened therefore they decide not to spend . 
  - the only thing we could do is have a eu meeting where everyone agrees that when their country 's next budget is planned , 2 % will go to nato . 
  not for us ' sake necessarily , but for eu 's sake . 
  we need to get our shit together so we can rely less and less on the us . 
  - we have to remember that in case of a war , an attack on a nato member is an attack on all nato members . 
  if we ca n't back each other up , we will be weakened immediately . 
  i 'm not saying that we will be in a war , i 'm saying ... better safe than sorry . 
  - there are richer countries than estonia who could really spend 2 % on nato easily , but like i said ... it 's more psychological than anything . 
  they do n't think it 's worth their money . 
  like clockwork . 
  i 'm done arguing with you . 
  you 're an echo chamber . 
   i am looking forward to a uk-us-russia alliance . 
  we will topple the eu , just like we toppled a german europe in ww2  mhm . 
  ethnicity = / = race . 
   an ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on similarities , such as common ancestral , language , social , cultural or national experiences . 
  it is often linked to nationality , especially when transnational migration is involved . 
  as in romanian , polish , bulgarian , etc. 
  you 're lying . 
  you did not vote remain , you were not pro eu . 
  it is so see through in your comments , it 's laughable you 're even trying to make a case for it . 
  of course you do n't know because you do n't care . 
  a lot se and ee people coming to uk , either to work or visit , have been bullied by the british version of red necks . 
  `` go back to your country '' , `` polish vermin '' and similar things . 
  of course , this is n't as bad as those who were physically assaulted or murdered for their ethnicity . 
  you have no place telling people who has been discriminated and bullied because of their ethnicity if they 're overreacting or not . 
  but i guess that dead polish guy was overreacting . 
   they want the uk to split up into multiple seperate countries . 
  are you blaming us for scotland wanting another referendum ? 
  are you blaming us for the tensions in ni ? 
  i doubt our comments on a random website is what fueled this . 
   you 've disrespected the uk oh my !, 
  how could we ? 
  bad eu !, 
  but...j-just for the record . . how did we disrespect you ? 
  i mean , we do so many things , it 's hard to keep up . 
  no , it 's not sas , it 's sbs . 
  maybe because his brexit campaign won ? 
   you do n't know that . 
  theresa may has expressed she 's pro-eu ( before and after the referendum ) . 
  maybe what she 's trying to do is , by closening relations with trump , persuade trump to be also more sympathetic to britain 's interests ( the `` twin pillars '' of the uk foreign policy , which is the atlantic alliance between north america and a united liberal democratic europe ) , while less sympathetic to russia 's . 
  well , i wish you 'd be right , but i 'm not that optimistic . 
  i 've seen far too much anti eu propaganda from all around to make me cautious . 
   you 've got this bizaare notion that britain and russia are working together ( to undermine the eu ) i do n't . 
  just because i implied they have similar stances on eu does n't mean they 're working together . 
  but the russians do profit from brexit . 
  this is inevitable though . 
  we ca n't force people to stay in the union , even if russia benefits from members leaving . 
  so i 'm not suggesting anti democratic measures to fight it or anything . 
  hope you can understand my point . 
  that 's about the politicians , not about people being tolerant , because you guys protest a lot . 
  if the politicians are jerks , they will not resign without pressure , and in romania , there 's an epidemic of that . 
  in this case though , fillon quitting will give le pen a big chance to win . 
  and maybe this will make macron more popular ? 
  * hello darkness , my old friend ... * there will be protests this sunday again . 
  also , this is just trolling at this point :  meanwhile , even iordache 's party leader , liviu dragnea , claims he has n't understood exactly what the justice ministry 's bills are about . 
  i 'm glad he had no problems like that . 
  it 's a really nasty situation to find yourself in . 
  she will advocate for it if it means she 'll gain political capital from trump in brexit negotiations . 
  i 'm not necessarily talking about the people , although there are quite a few of those too , i 'm talking about theresa may being trump 's minion to receive political capital in brexit negotiations . 
  is there any reason we would not act * defensive against russia , an aggressive country ? 
  eu has not been aggressive to uk . 
  it just said they wo n't stay in the sm if they wo n't respect the rules .
