  a school ? 
  that sounds utterly terrible . 
  hope everyone makes it through !, 
  hey , balkans , are you ready guys ? 
  the kebab is acting schizophrenic again . 
  there 's something very amusing about a foreigner swearing like that . 
   ) but yeah , we 're all paying . 
  public money . 
  the fact that such moves gains them political points in hungary is what makes it scary . 
  pru is n't even in the parliament . 
  lmao, 
  good . 
  he was too much . 
  yeah , i heard every party pretty much said that . 
  just , you know , making sure . 
  haha . 
  so no luck for wilders then ? 
  i mean , vvd will keep em out of the coalition , right ? 
  dude , i know you 're here for the `` peace and love '' slogan , but truth is a couple of hungarians plotted to commit a terrorist attack on our national day and not one hungarian official condemned it . 
  moreover , they were made martyrs by the hungarian government . 
  some people like them are officially banned from serbia too . 
  later , the hungarian government decided that if a member of the hungarian minority party is under investigation for corruption , it must be because we romanians just plot to oppress them all night long . 
  i do n't know , we have people like basescu who run their mouths , but the level at which the hungarian government sells anti romanian propaganda is fantastic . 
  like you ca n't make that shit up . 
  i want to believe in `` peace and love '' , but a lot of them hate us and feel superior to us . 
  not all of them of course , but enough . 
  hvim is scary as fuck . 
  romanians celebrate the unification between us and the rest of romanians under hungarian rule . 
  by your definition , no one should even have national days because most of them are in a way or another about independence from someone 's rule . 
  wiki :  on december 1 , 2015 , istv\u00e1n beke , a member of the organization , was arrested by the romanian authorities for planning to detonate an improvised explosive device in t\u00e2rgu secuiesc during the great union day parade . 
  beke was charged with `` attempted actions against constitutional order and failure to observe the rules governing the explosive materials regarding the prevention and combat of terrorism '' . 
   zolt\u00e1n sz\u0151cs , the leader of hvim 's transylvanian chapter , was also detained . 
  according to the romanian prosecutor 's office , sz\u0151cs had incited beke and other activists to produce home-made bombs , which would be detonated during the national holiday . 
  i found this source on a hungarian website . 
   romanian authorities -- notably the prosecutor 's office ( diicot -- direc\u021bia de investigare a infrac\u021biunilor de criminalitate organizata si terorism ) arrived at the home of zolt\u00e1n sz\u0151cs , the president of hvim 's transylvanian chapter , where they searched his house and detained him , transporting the far-right hungarian activist to bucharest for police questioning . 
  mr. sz\u0151cs remains under arrest in a romanian jail . 
  diicot charges that a handful of hvim activists were planning to detonate a bomb in the hungarian-majority town of k\u00e9zdiv\u00e1s\u00e1rhely ( t\u00e2rgu secuiesc ) on romania 's national holiday . 
  istv\u00e1n beke , hvim 's local leader in k\u00e9zdiv\u00e1s\u00e1rhely , had been arrested earlier in december , also for being part of the alleged terrorist plot . 
   according to the romanian prosecutor 's office , mr. sz\u0151cs had incited mr. beke and other activists to produce home-made bombs , which would be detonated during the national holiday . 
   hvim 's transylvanian president is on record as having stated that hungarian majority sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld ( szeklerland ) is not romania , adding that hvim 's goals can only be reached through a blood sacrifice . 
  according to the charge , mr. sz\u0151cs instructed activists in k\u00e9zdiv\u00e1s\u00e1rhely to make a bomb , and then swiftly left the country after these initial telephone discussions . 
  mr. sz\u0151cs returned to romania on december 20th and began contacting those involved in the alleged plot , to try to coordinate their answers , if arrested or interrogated by authorities . 
  mr. sz\u0151cs was himself arrested shortly thereafter . 
  [ source ] ( http://hungarianfreepress.com/2016/01/02/were-hungarian-extremists-planning-a-terrorist-attack-in-romania/ ) [ picture of istv\u00e1n beke and zolt\u00e1n sz\u0151cs , replacing a street sign with one bearing the name of world war ii convicted war criminal , albert wass . 
  ] ( http://hungarianfreepress.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/b1000-e1451761412381.jpg ), 
  i replied to a comment with some insight . 
  they are leaders of hvim groups in transylvania and advocate for greater hungary . 
  some members of the group have double citizenship some did n't even have romanian citizenship . 
  someone fell into a revisionist hole . 
  jeez . 
  those were not firecrackes . 
  and even if they were , firecrackers can hurt people too . 
  point is , they intended to hurt romanians . 
  you do n't know how our relationship is at all ... 
  there was an attempted terrorist attack on our national day by some hungarian nationalists . 
  it 's not just diplomatic banter . 
  then again , in the jewish holy book it says that one day everyone will bow to the jews and become their slaves or something like that . 
  haha, 
  the person i was replying to was an italian and he said he does n't want any restrictions so i told him where he can find a place like that . 
  amusingly enough ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  that is the correct average wage for romania . 
  it might be raised this year though . 
  edit : [ well , almost . 
  do it before macedonia anschluss you . 
  after all , they 're the descendants of alexander the great . 
  ~ ~ i think i heard a cry of horror from greece . ~ ~, 
  i thought that 's what he meant to say when he said small countries . 
  cause then he said bigger countries like germany and france and i did n't think it was about population . 
  maybe i was wrong , sorry . 
  we 're not the last ones . 
  holy shit ukraine . 
  bulgaria are you even trying man ? 
  yep . 
  we 're always sleeping it seems . 
  hahaha . 
  by size i meant territory . 
  sorry if that was confusing . 
  i guess you have the privilege to say that . 
  also , spending some more money on military does n't impede a country to spend on infrastructure , education , etc. 
  sure , and that 's nice , and we 're thankful , but what i 'm trying to say is that austria and netherlands are not `` small '' in terms of importance to other europeans . 
  i can say wilders and people here will know who he is and they can hold a conversation on the subject . 
  i can say fp\u00d6 and it 's the same . 
  people have way greater awareness and they are more interested in the politics of these countries than they 'll ever be with ours . 
  not that i want us to be known for people like wilders or parties like fp\u00d6 even though we have our nutjobs . 
  haha . 
  it 's a bit like diving europe into the us and europe . 
  here in the east we hear a lot about western elections , but it does n't apply the other way around . 
  i guess that up to a certain point it is normal since countries like the netherlands have more influence on the eu than we do , but just wanted to point out that it 's not a new thing . 
  people are definitely interested in what happens in their politics , especially if it 's something controversial . 
   small countries seems to get a lot of attention lately . 
  first austria , now netherlands . 
  those countries may be small in size , but to people they seem to be more important than countries like mine . 
  some news about our parliamentary elections were even deleted by mods here for `` local news '' . 
  we did n't have a megathread or anything . 
  so no , it 's not a new thing . 
  europeans have always cared about the netherlands or about austria . 
  look at it another way : the eu needs to up their defense spending anyway . 
  no one is saying we should be like us , but a little more money to the military in a time when russia fights a war in a neighbouring country is n't crazy , it 's smart . 
  better safe than sorry .
