  they 'd get to steal our money and stuff with barely any pressure from the eu while still being in the eu . 
  somewhat . 
  the eu will probably have a `` meh , if you wo n't try , we wo n't either '' attitude towards the countries in the second category . 
  and people will most likely leave instead of wake up and vote these fuckers out . 
   if you are an eu citizen , you can count on equal pay and nondiscriminatory laws in the workplace . 
  unless , of course , companies in a eu country hire other eu citizens ( on the blackmarket or not ) and pay them less than they do locals so then instead of said country blaming their companies for this illegal procedure , they blame those other eu citizens and go for an x-exit . 
  what germans feel is responsibility to make sure this does not happen again . 
  do people from former empires who colonized other people really feel like that ? 
  this . 
  it is n't guilt , although you obviously feel bad for what happened , but responsibility to remember . 
  and that 's a thing to * appreciate and respect * . 
  sounds like mango spicy sauce or something . 
  haha . 
   integrationist vs regressive thing and you know exactly which one is sdp . 
  or at least lately . 
  i do n't think they 'll care very much about what some of the people want as long as these guys get voted in . 
  it was already rejected afaik and this is old news . 
  it 's actually a repost . 
  i really do n't like this two speed eu that will basically result in western europe ignoring us completely . 
  i 've never eaten pizza with pineapple and it does n't sound right to me . 
  am i really missing out ? 
  i am trying to imagine the taste , but it just does n't work out ... 
  i do n't know , but i 've seen a documentary made by alfred hitchcock that says uk was n't all that happy to take in so many jews after the war . 
  i think it all boils down to emigration , especially to israel . 
  romania looks like a fat fish . 
  i like how they 're mostly blondes from the north . 
  bucovina shepherds are so cute . 
  all of them are . 
  when us sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  * wipes european tears * < 3, 
  it 's not about cheating our country , it 's about them being subjective . 
  but maybe being eastern european has something to do with it since we 're not considered `` tourist material '' because we are n't as rich as the west . 
  i had a friend , a teacher , who wanted to just go for a concert in the us to see one of her favorite artists . 
  she was denied a visa . 
  she does n't know why even today . 
  i actually remember her joking about it , `` i just wanted to see this artist not invade the us . '', 
  the next time she tried to go , a few years later , they let her . 
   respect must be earned . 
  are you serious ? 
  if what we did until now has not earned us ' respect then i think it 's time to stop respecting it too . 
  and lifting visas for a year is a good step in that direction . 
   visa rejection rates below 3 % visas rejections can and a lot of them are subjective . 
  i assume that debate will be settled one way or another . 
  plenty of time . 
   i am curious to see if the eus truculent attitude results in 3.6 million of their citizens losing the right to reside here . 
  brexit supporters , ladies and gentlemen . 
   cries about ecj being biased  does n't want france in the icj , which might the only member that would be in eu 's favor, 
  well , i mean , you guys do n't like to compromise at all so i do n't think you will get much of a trade deal . 
  and i get it , you do n't want free movement , but the eu wo n't make any deal with you where the eu is n't main beneficiary . 
  it is n't about being a cunt , it 's about the eu putting eu 's interest above uk 's . 
  politics do n't work like friendships . 
   but gypsies do n't like to declare their ethnicity officially . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  is there any evidence of that ? 
  trump is doing a good job of that tho . 
  poland is surprising . 
  greece is too considering their tensions with turkey . 
  romania is like `` anything to strenghten ourselves against russia '' . 
  haha . 
  well , things might have changed now that we 're in 2017 and led by retards . 
  haha . 
  imagine this in a british accent : sorry poland , but you only export vermin in our country so do n't be surprised that we do n't have a good opinion of you . 
  this in reference to british people calling polish people vermin post brexit . 
  so ... hypocrite much ? 
  did you even bother to read what was discussed ? 
  what if i said calling someone a pole in romania means `` dirty person , thief , beggar '' ? 
  haha . 
  dumb and racist . 
  we are the punching bag . 
  even bulgaria is better off . 
  i really do n't feel that much pity for poland anymore . 
  `` rumun '' is a slur . 
  this is hilarious . 
  especially coming from poles who should know better . 
  i do n't hate the us , but man , do they make it hard when they want us for partners , but can not even be decent enough to lift visas . 
  so much for the `` american-romanian friendship '' . 
  it 's the commission . 
  and i hope they follow through . 
  we 've been nothing but good partners to the us , it 's time they show us at least a little bit of respect . 
   those conspiracy threads ah , the_donald is leaking . 
  fake news people !!, 
  fake newss, 
  visa rejection can be subjective . 
  romania has a smaller overstay rate than countries that have the visa waiver program . 
  well , that 's stupid . 
  supporting stalin 's and putin 's concepts . 
  we are not trying to erase our past , but you must understand that our geographical position was really unfortunate . 
  we 're a latin country that has no direct ties with other latin countries and a lot of people try to write us off as slavs which also erases our history . 
  we 're the odd man out here , at least regarding language . 
  but that does n't mean slavs are n't okay . 
  borrowing french words has less to do with our `` dislike '' for slavs and more to do with the fact that we used to have much deeper cultural ties with france than we do today . 
  today we 're more like the annoying brother that france tries to lock in the basement . 
  our flag is inspired by the french one and we are a francophone country , at least some would say ( we 're part of organisation internationale de la francophonie ) . 
  our geographical position made sure that we were a battlefield for turks , russians , etc. 
  and speaking of russians ... we never liked them . 
  not even during communism . 
  and our neighbours ... they 're generally alright , but we 've had problems . 
  hungarians hate our guts , bulgarians are okay , ukrainians are okay when they do n't think we 're trying to take their land , moldovans are our kidnapped brothers and serbia is just . . serbia . 
  we do n't talk much . 
  :p an older saying that goes like this : `` romania has only two good neighbours : serbia and the black sea '' .
