  some people dislike it because they connect that nationalism with what happened to their country during communist times and some will just see it as a theme that can be found in many anthems . 
  ignoring the lyrics , the melody and the choir still sound nice to my foreign ears . 
  no idea . 
  heard it when we 're playing football against them . 
  it sounds nice , but i do n't understand russian so it might as well say `` we are glorious world power who eats the hearts of western children '' and i would n't know . 
  i should look it up . 
  germany has the same anthem as they did in the nazi years , but they only use a certain part of it now . 
  but still plebs . 
  soviet union dead . 
  [  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_mefzb4yzk ), 
  yes , that . 
  thanks . 
  he said that numerous times . 
  is he expecting it to happen within one hour ? 
  it wo n't . 
  also , there 's one thing to repeatedly say that we should pull our weight ( we heard you , we 're not deaf ) and another to say eu is the 4th reich , which he more or less did . 
  what about macron ? 
  - they are slavs . 
  - vodka ( and they are generally big on alcohol ) , matryoshka , crazy drivers and beautiful women . 
  which helped them in several wars . 
  - russian literature is nice . 
  - they have their own social media afaik . 
  - they are so big . 
  9 time zones . 
  alaska used to be theirs . 
  - nice architecture , beautiful palaces , romanov family , stalin ( who was actually georgian ) . 
  their national animal is the bear . 
  their anthem is pretty nice , but i do n't know the lyrics very well so i hope it does n't have su vibes or something . 
  - moscow and st petersburg are nice from what i 've heard . 
  - they do not like za gayz . 
  - they still have our treasury since wwi and try to teach us `` our true history '' . 
  they also issued coins with `` capitals liberated from fascism '' , including bucharest . 
  they also took our brothers , basarabia . 
  most french people on this sub seem optimistic about the future election which could impact whether or not they stay in the eu . 
  i want to trust them because they 're french , they know better , but 2016 has left a big dose of pessimism for me . 
  he seemed like a good candidate for the eu though . 
  but also `` those damn romanians , polish , bulgarian , etc. 
   i respect our original allies in portugal ... 
  i hope you have the courage to leave in the future too . 
  sounds more like an insult to me . 
   `` europe will be ready to pursue transatlantic cooperation , but it will based on its interests and values , '' hollande said before awarding france 's highest honor to outgoing u.s. ambassador jane hartley . 
  `` it does not need outside advice to tell it what to do . '', 
  a very good , diplomatic response . 
  when it comes to the eu , he should mind his own business . 
   `` this alliance ( nato ) was conceived to strengthen the capacity of its members to protect themselves collectively , '' he said . 
  `` it will only be obsolete when the threats have become obsolete . '', 
  sure thing . 
  in varietate concordia . 
  yeah , but i think that can be achieved in a less confrontational way . 
  latin master race !, 
  italia is of glorious roman empire . 
  serbia , buddy , be chill . 
  on a more serious note , as far as i 've noticed , this is just political dick waving between the two . 
  that being said , serbia should not have sent that train ... what did they expect ? 
  sweet . 
   which city did you choose berlin ? 
  somehow , this is quite an amusing question . 
  but you 're the one who said that there 's no hostility . 
  there is clearly hostility and it has been tougher ever since the brexit referendum . 
   roman empire ( best empire ) i vote for this one . 
  oh , goody , something never happened to you personally so that must mean it does n't exist . 
  it 's not like people have been murdered or anything ... oh wait . 
   there is no legal recognition of same-sex couples . 
  same-sex marriage is constitutionally banned . 
  article 18 of the constitution of the republic of poland defines marriage as a union of a man and a woman and places it under the protection and care of the republic of poland . 
  also , according to wiki , anti-discrimination laws are for employment only . 
  there 's no protection from discrimination in the provision of goods and services or from hate speech . 
  there 's still discrimination , bullying , not being able to marry or adopt children . 
  did n't trump say at one point that he wants the us to start producing for the us or something like that ? 
  as in . . not import stuff anymore ? 
  i think it was in a debate with hillary . 
  let 's not exaggerate . 
  it 's not a paradise just because they do n't actively murder them . 
  if us feels that helping ee endangers them , they should just tell us so . 
  we need to get over this game because we do n't know what us wants anymore and they 're losing credibility . 
  we aswered to article 5 , but it seems us is n't eager to return the favor . 
  ee is doing their best with their defense spending , buying equipment and training their armies . 
  also , never assume that nato exercises or equipment on our * sovereign teritory * is something that we 're not allowed to do because boo hoo russia gets upset . 
  stop having this line of thinking where we should cater to russia 's temper tamtrums . 
  does it never happen that things go differently after the election ? 
  that some party changes their mind ? 
  i sure hope not , but i 'm wondering if it 's possible . 
  * hides them behind the carpathians * i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i would wish european nato countries would up their defense . 
  i know many have argued that there 's no need because they do n't feel threatened , but it is n't exclusively about feeling threatened . 
  we need to be independent from unstable nutters like trump . 
  unfortunately though , even our elections are scary when it comes to the future of the eu so how can we work together when there 's a prevalent eurosceptic sentiment ? 
   as a romanian i would be deeply concerned . 
  i 'm always concerned , but it 's not much i can do , is there ? 
  he assured our president that it 'll all be okay some time ago , but you never know . 
  we were also warned by an ex cia director that putin will make trump take away the missile shield . 
  like i said , there 's not much romania can do . 
  i do n't know much about schultz , but what i have noticed is that he is more [ temperamental ] ( https://youtu.be/c5juavmxqrs?t=227 ) than juncker . 
  which is n't a bad thing if he does n't become impulsive . 
  i would n't be able to stand farage being an asshole so he gets points for that . 
  which is why i 'm not an eu official . 
  and they ask , `` what did the romans ever do for us ? '', 
  damn , yeah . . 
  this is what politico says :  michael flynn , now a private citizen after a reportedly disgruntled retirement , was not there to gather intelligence . 
  his attendance at the rt gala , before which he also gave a talk on world affairs , appeared to inaugurate a relationship with the network -- presumably a paid one , though neither flynn nor rt answered queries on the subject .
