  hey there . 
  yes , there is still a split in moldova and i think it may lean towards a `` no '' because `` no '' is obviously also backed by ethnic russians in moldova . 
  romanians generally tend to favor unification , but not all of them . 
  it 's a quite complicated matter . 
  moldova recently had presidential elections and a pro russia , anti eu dude won them . 
  not by a lot , sure , but he won the election nonetheless . 
  this guy sells a lot of anti eu , anti romania propaganda and favors the eurasian union . 
  iirc he 's been doing this for years . 
  some moldovans say it 's because he gets a lot more money from the russians , others say it 's because he 's just a russophile . 
  either way , one thing is sure : moldova , like romania used to be , is very poor and full of corruption . 
  politicians have everything they need so why would they want to be closer to the eu when being closer to the eu means your corrupt way of life is threatened ? 
  sure , there 's opposition even among the politicians , but it 's not strong enough yet to make any real changes . 
  and , of course , another problem is transnistria . 
  it could cause problems with russians in case of unification . 
  i do n't know much about it , i admit , but it 's complicated . 
  i feel a strong connection in it . 
  like i ca n't see my country out of it . 
  it just would n't be right because there 's no other place for us to be now . 
  it has brought good things to us and it does have it 's bad sides , but it is better than being alone . 
  fire and earthquake drills . 
  *** slides you 50 $ *** would you be interested in bringing some good public transporation here ? 
  yes , when tragedies happen , we do . 
  for example , we had a couple of days of mourning when the [ colectiv fire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colectiv_nightclub_fire ) happened here that killed 60 + people and injured over 100 . 
  we also have the holocaust remembrance day on october 9th . 
  not really . 
  usually when citing good examples for policy , they use western european countries . 
  russia is used as a bad example a lot . 
  that man has seen lots of porn , i conclude . 
  i do n't have an ac . 
  sometimes i wish i had ac when it gets close to 40c but yeah . 
  the king is still alive but he is very ill and has n't been in public for a while . 
  many romanians respect him , others think he was a traitor . 
   i did n't heared anyone calling eastern european a slav . 
  probably because not all people in ee are slavs . 
  sebastian stan ( bucky from captain america ) . 
  wwi is especially important for us because of our great union . 
  but besides this , we do hold memorials for our fallen soldiers . 
  no , but sometimes they react badly . 
  the newest scandal here is about this former deputy who was stopped by the police and he got angry and kicked a police officer in the crotch . 
  the police officer got angry and immediately punched him in the face . 
  so now both of them are going to have to answer for what they did afaik . 
  our cops also do n't just use their guns without a solid reason . 
  but brutal cops are rare . 
   i am curious , how it is named in your home language and what games do you traditionally play ? 
  we call it `` table '' . 
  and we play the traditional game . 
  i know how to play it . 
  herbal tea and fruit tea . 
  sure , not `` true tea '' , but yeah . 
  he 's not the best past leader as he 's currently in office . 
  he was just at the white house last week , meeting trump . 
  and i just think he 's the best from our post communism period at least . 
  what other options are there ? 
  there 's iliescu who was the first president after the fall of communism which i already mentioned as the worst president because of what he did . 
  then there 's constantinescu who had good intentions but was not prepared to take the role of the president of romania in 1996 because the country had great expectations and he could n't meet those expectations , partly because the system was still full of communists or ex secret service guys . 
  he did n't run for a second term and said that `` the system defeated him '' . 
  and then we have basescu who was involved in corruption scandals and generally is n't the most diplomatic person . 
  i think our current president , iohannis , is the best so far . 
  he 's diplomatic , he keeps our image good , he supports the anti corruption fight , etc. 
  he has his issues , too , of course , but out of all the post communist leaders , he 's the best one so far . 
  current president : klaus werner iohannis best president : i guess it 's iohannis so far . 
  worst president : if ceausescu does n't count because he was a dictator , iliescu definitely qualifies for this . 
  there are many bad things he did , but he stands out for calling the miners to come to bucharest to beat the anti neo-commuism protesters ( mostly students ) . 
  he 's currently investigated for crimes against humanity . 
  up until highschool , nothing other than dresses and suits maybe , but it is not obligatory or something . 
  just dress nicely . 
  every highschool and university picks a color . 
  some even march on their graduation day and the kids at certain highschools dress up in all sorts of costumes , from 1920s clothing to pirates and what not . 
  local elections in two rounds . 
  maybe mandatory presence since our parliamentary elections have a very low turnout . 
  it depends . 
  refugees are accommodated in certain places right ? 
  state people and ngo volunteers work with them for their integration right ? 
  if they run away , those people could report them to the police which in turn will alarm the border patrols or , if the country does not have border controls , the police can get in touch with the police in border cities . 
  they will be found and sent back . 
  i think solutions can be found , we just have to want to make this work . 
  it 's just about a limited number of refugees from italy and greece who ca n't handle them all anymore . 
  at the very least we should try . 
  international refugee treaties affect you whether you 're in the eu or not . 
   not be forced by the eu it 's not necessarily forced by the eu , but by the geneva convention and similar treaties regarding war refugees . 
   run off to wealthier states . 
  refugees should not choose where to go because if they all go to one country , that country becomes overwhelmed . 
  they are to be relocated and registered in various countries so that when they run to another , authorities will send them back to where they are registered . 
  this . 
  people do n't understand that they are not to choose the safe place where they stay and that there are agreements where the refugees can be sent back to where they were registered . 
  it happens between serbia and romania all the time . 
  if all refugees were allowed to go just to one rich country , that country would be overwhelmed as well . 
  so they should be relocated to keep that from happening and if they run to another country , that country will send them back . 
  [ imnul golanilor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsluw5imylc ) ( the hooligans ' hymn . 
  hooligan might not be the exact word but whatever . 
  close enough . ), 
  - a song from the 1990 mineriad when anti neo-communist protesters ( a lot of them students ) were called by our then president `` hooligans '' and beaten very badly by the miners . 
  the song 's message is basically `` better be anything , even dead , than a communist '' . 
  [ in umbra marelui urss by phoenix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk16f06p1wu ) ( in the shadow of the big ussr ) - the song plays with words because `` urs '' in romanian means `` bear '' ( the animal , also the national animal of ussr/russia ) while urss is ussr . 
  it 's about lost time under communism basically . 
  [ locul potrivit by guess who ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5jbfylii4g ) - about life in romania , about the effects of communism and corruption . 
  there are lots more , but i just thought of these . 
  other romanians can obviously chip in with more . 
  maybe uk to get it over with . 
  end the pain on both sides , you know ?
