  russia has no right to have that kind of influence . 
  eu/nato could have blocked these countries from entering on reasonable grounds not because the bear says so . 
  depends on the country 's constitution . 
  if the constitution states that a country is indivisible then russia or the un can not overrule that . 
  if that were so , catalonia would have been a sovereign nation for a long time now . 
  [ oh yeah ... he definitely fixed the country . 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/yeah-right.gif ), 
  a minority is a minority . 
  if the majority of the country votes for eu or nato membership the minorities will have to accept that their opinion is not popular or move back to russia . 
  to be fair to logic , every country decides whatever it wants to do , even those that border russia . 
  as far as i know , there is still a gateway to civil partnership even if this referendum will pass . 
  hope so . 
  there is no reason not to give these people the right to civil partnership . 
  i know that marriage and adoption will make some here have seizures , but civil partnership is fair and right . 
  [ actually there is proof . 
  not for romania , but you can just guess . 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/health-consumers/news/lower-quality-of-same-food-brands-in-eastern-europe-raises-eyebrows/ ), 
  germany 's elections will be fine , but i am sure you 'll vote for that blonde puppet of putin 's . 
   back to eating stones . 
  lmao you give yourself too much credit . 
  oh god , that video ... my sides lmao, 
   wait for the voters in western europe which have negative associations with romania and bulgaria to become a minority ( 5 years ? 
  a decade ? ), 
  ah yes , wait for the mighty non xenophobic , non racist , non classist western europe to realize whether or not we 're second class citizens of the eu . 
  i 'll surely feel welcome by then . 
  nuh-uh , honey , that was n't in the criteria . 
  criteria was written , criteria was met , we were not allowed in . 
  conclusion ? 
  some governments are dicks . 
  edit : changed countries to governments because it 's more fitting . 
  how is that fair though ? 
  i mean op talked about refugee crisis and that is somewhat understandable , but if continuing a discriminatory behavior towards romania is what 's needed for elections to go right in these countries maybe it means we are literally not welcome in the union . 
  it 's all so fuzzy with your nordics . 
  one year `` we 're the happiest '' , next year `` no we 're the happiest '' . 
  show offs . 
  they are . 
  mwhahaha there , i made czechia cry . 
  moldova : ignorance is bliss . 
  czech republic why you so sad though ? 
   i 'd say romania and bulgaria should be accepted by the end of this year though . 
  i 'd hope so , but i 'm not an optimist . 
  i literally laughed . 
  that would be the most random and incredulous thing . 
  imagine 5 years of silence from both romania and the uk , no comments about each other whatsoever , everyone else is minding their business when suddenly you see breaking news on the bbc : `` romania and the uk sign an union agreement : long live vampritania . 
  in other news , nigel farage just had a mild heart attack . 
  we will return with details as soon as we have them . '', 
  this whole idea is polandball material . 
  haha . 
  yeah . 
  and that is n't even part of the criteria . 
  we 're too nice a people , but being discriminatory against one of the most stable pro eu countries in the region could have backfired in an ugly way . 
  and if we look at the recent corruption statistics , italy is behind romania ... so there 's that . 
  with who though ? 
  bulgaria 's alright but a bit too russophile for my tastes , hungary does n't like us and orban 's trouble , and the rest are n't in the eu . 
  i think you did n't hear about what psd has in mind with our economy . 
  sweden chooses not to join the euro . 
  romania is working towards being able economically to join the euro . 
  romania is now allowed in schengen although it met criteria purely for political and xenophobic reasons . 
  the difference is that the eu does n't care about the fact that criteria has been met , they will let us in when they feel like it . 
  who gets to set the rules and the criteria ? 
  and are they really applied objectively ? 
  do you say that about sweden too ? 
  at least we have reasonable fears because of psd and because of greece , but what 's sweden 's excuse ? 
  and we will join eventually . 
  that 's no excuse not to allow us into schengen . 
  they are different projects . 
  wow . 
  that 's some bullshit right there @ romania . 
  it 's because they can get away with it , it 's because no one other than romania will criticize them for it , it 's because no one else cares . 
   it is just a different topic no it is n't . 
  this is eu without official multispeed . 
  eu with official multispeed will be even worse and you will see that when after a couple of years some of the members around this area will feel that they are tricked more and more . 
  that polish politician is an absolute idiot , but he 's right in opposing multispeed eu . 
   another thing if you think that it is so important for unity why do n't you also get annoyed at the uk and ireland for opting out of it for opting out of schengen ? 
  why would i ? 
  it 's one thing to say `` we have the right to opt outs and choose to opt out of this agreement . '', 
  and another to say `` we worked hard to meet the criteria for this agreement and 7 years later we are still not allowed to be part of it because of political reasons and xenophobia . '', 
  they 'd get along with dragnea just fine . 
  i wanted to say `` maybe we can export dragnea to bulgaria '' but there are some things you would n't wish even on your enemies and bulgarians are our friends . 
  haha, 
   considering that most of the comments on this thread are down to romanians getting annoyed because their country is n't allowed in schengen is that not justified ? 
  or unity does n't matter if involves romania ? 
  of course . 
  multispeed eu just means creating more eu projects like schengen where you are let in solely on political grounds and not criteria . 
  i wish our president would have been more firm to tell them to shove the official multispeed up their ass . 
  they have no right to do it for political reasons as the criteria has been met . 
  official multispeed is without a doubt a bad idea for everyone who is n't in the inner circle . 
  i do n't know , ask the netherlands . 
  exactly . 
  and people ask why official multi speed eu is bad . 
   this is the best way to do it as it is just as bad for the eu as it is for the member to adopt certain aspects way too soon . 
  if by too soon you mean `` it 's been 7 years since the european parliament supported romania 's and bulgaria 's bid to enter the schengen area , but surprise surprise the netherlands , their friends the germans and their statics foes from finland just think it 's * too soon * for ro&bg to join although criteria has been met for a long time now . 
  they will simply have to wait until these guys feel enough pity to let them in . 
   if they vote no , erdogan 's cabinet simply ceases to exist , which is also beneficial for us . 
  i do n't think so . 
  erdogan is n't renzi or cameron . 
  well , would a war between russia and the eu be a conventional war ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if it would n't be , i 'm pretty sure russia has enough nuclear weapons to wipe out the strongest countries and then invade the rest . 
  besides , some feel like they would n't want to risk a nuclear war with russia even if russia invades an eastern country so there 's a reasonable fear in the east that western countries would limit themselves in providing help .
