  it would be typical of this cockroach to die right before he 's convicted . 
  if he gets convicted for crimes against humanity , he wo n't be able to avoid prison . 
  i really wish they 'll get convicted for crimes against humanity and rot in jail . 
  iliescu does not get to die before that . 
  about corruption ... would the people of the v4 agree with the mcv ? 
  cause it has been imposed on us due to our corruption because apparently we 're the only ones who are considered corrupt besides bulgaria . 
  meh , i 'm a bit bitter about that , but i have nothing against the mcv cause it helps keep our politicians in check even if some of them have an anti mcv rhetoric saying that we 're not being treated as equal members of the eu , but the smart ones know that they 're not genuine in their comments , they just want to escape eu 's eyes . 
  but then romania has its sufferings with the eu : mainly the schengen issue which bothers most of us , nevermind the political color . 
  investing money in equipment and meeting criteria for nothing . 
  we have been denied our entry in schengen for 6 years due to certain members of the eu . 
  and like i 've said many times before ( i guess people get bored hearing about this by now ) , schengen is less about the movement of people and more about the movement of goods . 
  so yeah ... 
  it is n't all honey and milk , but what would the alternative be ? 
  no alternative is better and you can say the same about the v4 too because being in the eea would be the same except you get no say in anything . 
  a full out exit without a trade deal would make v4 crash mostly . 
  you 're richer , but not rich enough and we 'll catch up one day if you do n't pay attention . 
  haha . 
  while sometimes discriminatory , a lot of people trust the eu more than they trust our current government because they are a circus . 
   on the contrary , hungary is n't worried about russia , in fact orb\u00e1n is a good buddy of putin , so he also is n't that worried about two-speed europe . 
  which is worrying for some of us , cause who knows what 's being cooked behind closed doors . 
  we do n't need a political leader who tries to sabotage the eu , we already have one who tries to sabotage nato . 
   hungary is quite dependent on the eu funds , but they 're hardly seen 100 % positive in hungary , since they 're a massive source of corruption . 
  the people need to form clean political alternatives or that 's not going to change . 
  on the other hand , why does n't hungary and poland take part in the eppo ? 
  do the people of these countries , who see the corruption , not wonder why ? 
  what would finally make them say `` enough '' ? 
  like i do n't mean to be rude either , but if the people are going to be silent and let the leaders sabotage them , ai n't nobody going to solve their problems for them . 
  and obviously we have problems with the funds too . 
  some get stolen or misused but usually the people are found and punished , some projects are denied because they 're bad and so we end up using very little of our funds because our politicians . 
  i remember when the eu was like `` ugh , take the money already '' and our politicians were like `` make viable projects ? 
  we 're too stupid and corrupt for that . '', 
   the reality is that the eu took the ( bad ) experience of helping with corruption in v4 countries and used this experience in romania , so i can see why romanians see it in a positive way , but the same thing never happened here or in hungary or slovakia . 
   we 're also not that far away from net-contributing position at this point , specially since the uk is leaving , so the average gdp in the eu will go down . 
  wait ... do i have my info wrong ? 
  i heard hungary was the biggest net receiver ? 
  or maybe per capita ? 
  i do n't remember , i might be wrong . 
   well , you can say that it is n't the eu 's fault that people do n't understand the eu very well , but that 's what the reality is . 
  and how are they supposed to understand it ? 
  i do admit member states could do more into presenting eu better in the media ( although then maybe they 'd be accused of propaganda ) , but there 's internet out there and while not everyone has internet , a lot of people do and still prefer to not inform themselves before they form an opinion . 
   not to mention , even if the eu managed to explain the people its position better , most would n't change their minds anyway . 
  there 's simply nothing you can say to them which would convince them to agree to muslim refugees coming to our country . 
  they 're scared of islam and that 's it , you can not convince people to accept something they view as a threat to their lifestyle . 
  i guess you 're right about some of these people refusing to change their mind . 
  i do n't know how v4 will wiggle its way out of this , but you also understand that there will be people in other states who will get mad if the v4 get away with this without any consequences ? 
  then those people will be the ones asking `` why do these country get to do that ? '', 
   i mean , you being from romania ca n't possible be unfamiliar with such a situation , since in your last elections , psd has managed to score , what over 40 % ? 
  because your educated young people mostly did n't show up to vote . 
  yeah , i know , but even they do n't go as far as to have an anti eu rhetoric . 
  there were some anti eu comments this year ( mostly coming from the alde leader , as shocking as that sounds ) but they stopped blabbering as soon as people were like `` bitch , what ? '', 
  and they were mostly because of the whole thing with like half of the world opposing their emergency ordinances . 
   and then there 's the eu , with their refugee quotas fucking everything up even more , because now even people who would perhaps not vote for orb\u00e1n will say : `` well , he 's the lesser evil , the other pro-eu parties would flood is with muslim immigrants '' . 
  if people are uneducated on the matter , it 's hardly eu 's fault . 
  if people were more in touch with how the eu works and what has happened to lead to this whole thing , maybe they would n't be so quick to judge the eu . 
   orb\u00e1n does n't really even need to try that hard . 
  he 's a skilled power hungry politician , but even if he was n't that skilled - others are really doing the job for him . 
  well the youth better catch up and make a good liberal party before orban fucks up hungary 's relations with everyone for good . 
  then it means that the majority of hungarians agree with him ? 
  because i keep hearing hungarians saying that orban 's party is not very popular in hungary . 
  how come ? 
  and if it is popular , why ? 
  but then again , i do n't want them to put the fascist jobbik party in power either because yeah orban has a problem with romania and romanians but jobbik despises romanians on a very deep level . 
  sorry i just do n't think he 's a good leader for an eu country when he constantly judges everyone and calls us terrorists and has problems both internally and externally . 
  if you appreciate him as a politician , good for you , i just look at him and see nothing worth appreciating . 
  nah , i think he 's beyond that . 
  our politicians can be persuaded into a compromise if it 's ever needed , orban is just a lunatic . 
  actually , the psd leader says he has nothing against lgbt people . 
  they are against gay marriage , but some psd members have voted in favor of the civil partnership law . 
  i do n't think they care much about the issue beyond making sure the conservative electorate keeps voting them . 
  some do of course , but others just want votes , power and money at the expense of other people . 
  where were you during the many articles that were posted here about what he says and does ? 
  do a quick search . 
  even hungarians say so . 
  i can understand how one feels disconnected from such leaders , but they do represent hungary in international relations no matter how much you guys dislike them . 
  if my president fucks up and says something shitty , i may not agree with him but he does represent the country and he just fucked up our image so it 's still an ugly situation . 
  this is n't just about lgbt where i agree that we have our own problems as well , this is about orban generally being a huge asshole . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  catholics . 
  catholics everywhere . 
  poland probably wants a unification . 
  it does seem a bit annoying to always ask the rest of people for understanding when you ( the leaders of hungary ) show none . 
  there are no compromises with orban it seems . 
  it 's either his way or no way . 
  so there 's a limit in patience too . 
  right ... cause you 're on switzerland 's level . 
  haha . 
  and even switzerland is in the efta so some of eu rules apply to them as well . 
   treaty of lisbon , chapter 2 :  article 78 :  1 . the union shall develop a common policy on asylum , subsidiary protection and temporary protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement . 
  this policy must be in accordance with the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees , and other relevant treaties . 
  if the majority of people in your country were to vote in a referendum and you did n't like the result , but you 'd be affected by it , what would you do ? 
  would you claim that it is unreasonable that the majority of your countrymen want something that you do n't ? 
  there are cases where it is unreasonable and we call that the tyranny of the majority ( mostly in cases where human rights could be abused with a vote , for example ) , but this ai n't it . 
  and besides , the eu are signatories of the geneva convention which is underlined in the lisbon treaty too . 
  the geneva convention is a international treaty and whether you 're in the eu or not , you should abide by it . 
  so what ? 
  it was a vote . 
  the majority won it . 
   ok . me and some other bloke will vote 2:1 against you that you should let migrant from sub-saharan africa into your house , let him sleep there and feed him . 
  democratic , right ? 
  no problem there .
