  50 years of decaying because of your country have been enough . 
  so countries arming up because they 're scared russia will do something to them is a threat to russia ? 
  it 's all defensive , all in case russia tries to violate our territory , but it helps russian propaganda to paint it as aggression . 
  that username tho . 
  romania 's not mentioned in the article but it 's very important to mention that putin has just recently made threats against the countries hosting missile shields . 
  currently , romania 's the most militarized country in the eu eastern line . 
  can we stop with this flawed logic that if ee are n't net contributors , they are n't paying just as much ? 
  our markets are flooded with we companies . 
  we 're paying just as much . 
  there are a small number of ee companies in we so it evens out . 
  nope . 
  he admitted it a long time ago but recently said he changed his views . 
  mhm . 
  because a blurry vision softly creeping, 
  / u/heinsz7 is right . 
  nato or not , you 'd have to fight russia anyway . 
  you 're not just going to stand and watch as they occupy your country . 
  you go down fighting and if you go down , nato will , hopefully , come and help you up as soon as they can . 
  besides , there are foreign elements and soldier stationed in the eastern countries constantly . 
  nato will have to answer somehow . 
  russia , bosnia , belarus , but no romania ? 
  lol, 
  so what if they break into 2 branches ? 
  i do n't want the party to remain neutral or side with the traditionalists just to keep their scores up . 
  get to work and you 'll evolve over time , people will change or new ones will come and you 'll raise up eventually . 
  do n't be there just for the pictures . 
  some party needs to be against this piece of shit organization and many other bullshit traditional or populist things that idiots want to impose on this country . 
  especially since they 're planning other shit too . 
  it does n't end here . 
  evolving in our current system is n't a matter for months , it 's a matter for years . 
  i know we need a quick solution , but this takes time and people should have thought about that long ago . 
  if this party showed up when we entered the eu and had a good track until today , maybe things would have been different . 
  but we need to stop giving in to populist ideas just for the points . 
  and if they did n't do it for that , if they are truly conservatives that do n't give a shit about people who contribute the same and get less , then they have no place in a party like this , a party that claims is for all . 
  sorry to say , maybe it sounds dramatic , but to me , a secular country that has citizens who contribute the same and yet some get less , are sidelined and have restrictions to ** state services ** then that 's a form of corruption too . 
  it 's one of the many faults we need to fight in this system and unlike the way some think , we can do it at the same time we 're fighting bigger corruption cases . 
  good riddance nicusor dan and i hope someone better takes his place . 
  according to this , we 're the most militarized country in the eastern line ( estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , slovakia , hungary , romania and bulgaria ) . 
  moldova is less militarized than us and we 're almost on the same level with belarus . 
  ay ... we 're preparing our sheep well it seems . 
  especially since putin has made another threat recently regarding countries with missile shields . 
  ~ ~ he will never be able to penetrate our sheep shield though . ~ ~ okay that came out wrong . 
  memes those days . 
  who 's laughing now , nigel ? 
  happy children 's day too !, 
  i was angry too at first because i 'm a smoker and it still feels somewhat uncomfortable , but it is what it is . 
  i have n't heard it since middle school . 
  are far more common . 
  who knows what statistics they used though . 
  welcome to the club czechia !, 
  true , but if we think about this whole thing seriously ( which is funny in itself ) , a good side political background would make it all even more surprising . 
  if the russians manage a successful invasion and occupation - maybe . 
  but i guess that 's not what you mean . 
  hahahaha . 
  brother , do not test me . 
  latin blood = latin temperament . 
  nope . 
  glorious latin . 
  or something that derives from a romance language because romance languages are more melodious and easier to actually pronounce . 
  shut up . 
  as is tradition . 
   romania is a huge threat to us . 
  romania , we might have to bomb ya . 
  ours means priest too . 
  on the same note : [ four american black hawk helicopters arrive in romania ] ( https://www.romania-insider.com/black-hawk-helicopters-arrive-romania-2017/ ), 
  ah , thanks . 
  tho ... if there 's putin/obama fanfiction , it is n't totally unreasonable to think that there 's a weird side of the internet that is actually doing this . 
  what ? 
  seriously ? 
   most stories involve a franco-canadian alliance against the usa , but psychologist simon williams warns not to read too much political background in the tales of frantic lovemaking at international summits . 
  this is ... well , something . 
  i read fanfiction casually ( mostly derived from shows , movies or books ) because some fan fiction writers are very good writers . 
  i 've only became aware of political fanfiction when i accidentally stumbled upon a putin/obama piece and was scarred for life although i laughed my way through the whole thing . 
  thought it was crack , for shits and giggles . 
  it was n't . 
  so basically we 're fucked by the psd once again . 
  collective punishment . 
  tories will win anyway . 
   well , he did trade crimea for the near-collapse of his economy and international relations , i agree w that , but maybe he does n't care all that much since he wo n't be the one with no money in his pockets . 
  and somehow , he 'll still manage to make a fuckton of people think that the lack of resources is because the west is evil and wants to hurt the russian people . 
  and we know how people become when they 're put in that sort of situation . 
   in fact he realized his mistake and desperately called merkel for a way out of the situation . 
  i do n't know about this . 
  no one is trying to screw the uk over , chill . 
  that 's just being dramatic . 
  sure thing . 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm not judging macron here . 
  i 'm just pissed at how long it took for someone to make the slightest step in this direction . 
  some eastern european leaders are known to be more frank about their distaste for putin and russia , but we almost always tries to play it safe . 
  i know . 
  * diplomacy . 
  * but i think the people would n't be upset for things like what macron just did . 
  a leader should be a diplomat , but also not allow the likes of putin to just go on with a pat on the back . 
  maybe . 
  i hope so , but here 's the thing about putin . . he knows all this . 
  he knows his media sells propaganda and all the other shit , but he 's a master at diplomacy . 
  he was trained for hostile situations ever since he was child . 
  i believe almost nothing putin does in these situations is random . 
  he calculates everything very well .
