  judge the polish government all you want , i agree with that , but be careful which words you throw around . 
  ee has suffered and thrived through times your country knows nothing about . 
  i agree that v4 is acting like little shits about this whole thing , especially orban , but some westerner just told me that only we can understand multiculturalism . 
  how about we do both : accept the quotas and stop whining about ee immigration ? 
  please stop talking about v4 as eastern europe . 
  and not that i 'm taking v4 's side , far from it , but you can also stop with the `` sending them money '' narrative since ee could also say `` get out of my market '' and you 'd suffer quite a bit as well . 
  there 's no free money , ee is paying with their market . 
   people like orban stay and play . 
  i would n't be proud about that if i were you . 
  i 'm not against the refugee quotas and i have my beef with v4 , but you 're talking bullshit . 
  where is that multicultural understanding when it comes to ee immigrants , huh ? 
  cause all western countries only whine about it . 
  so let 's not act like we is perfect . 
  puts pressure on the pigs . 
  yes , i did , i just do n't understand what immigration policy you 're talking about since the only time psd spoke about that was when pm ponta said he wants the schengen entry in return . 
  i do n't know why you had to put psd and immigration policy in the same context there . 
  the rest is true . 
   psd ( romania )  the immigration policy i have literally never heard anyone outside of ponta talk about the refugee crisis . 
   eu  orban orban is a corrupt dude with a boner for power . 
  few consider him a good example outside of the v4 . 
  apparently `` g\u0103rg\u0103ri\u0163\u0103 '' is used for a type of flying insects that have a a circular or oval body so it 's not specifically about the lady bug but if you do search for the word , the lady bug will come up . 
  why do i call it g\u0103rg\u0103ri\u0163\u0103 ? 
  it seems g\u0103rg\u0103ri\u0163\u0103 is not the right word to use but that 's what i call the lady bug . 
  my whole life is a lie . 
  no , not like that !!!, 
  :d [ e-u-ro-pa !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ve8yjnvqx3o?t=13 ), 
  well , at least you 're not romania . 
  sure , spain is hot in the summer , even if most of you are used to it , but it gets a break for the rest of the year , having a mild winter usually , but no , romania has to have both : summers when the heat can go up to 39c and winters when the cold could get down to -25 c. 
  you have a point , of course , but it 's just upsetting for me personally because i know this ngo and whatever they do is backed by the orthodox church which is just as corrupt and tries to influence politics . 
  i 'm afraid that if we let this ngo get their way with this first referendum , it will set a precedent and the next one will be about abortion which is not only incredibly stupid because of our history with it during the 60s , when we banned abortions for a short while and many women and children suffered , but i 'm afraid of the outcome because like i said , the church has a lot of influence here . 
  i 'm sure it would be met with massive protests , if they try anything with abortion , but it 's still an uneasy feeling . 
  yes . 
  generally the opossition , but the newest party , usr ( save romania union ) in particular . 
  however , they have their problems too . 
  not corruption , but ideological ones . 
  for example , they just voted not to take a stand against a referendum initiated by a conservative ngo to redefine the wording in the definition of family from the constitution ( from `` marriage between spouses '' to `` marriage between a man and a woman '' ) . 
  it 's not that usr is conservative , but they have both conservatives and liberals in the party and their leader says that it 's better to not take a stand and everyone will vote according to their principles . 
  my belief is that it is both a strategy to `` upset no one '' and something to do with the leader being a bit conservative about this subject . 
  but yes , they 're the main actors aiming to , at least , reduce corruption . 
  that moment when the romanian version looks better than the actual uk flag / s, 
  i see your point , but thing is , the western countries , being bigger players , could have more influence over priorities and then we 'd be obliged to accept those priorities despite our own concerns . 
  right now , germany values russian gas better than our concerns and other big players could back them because they too are very dependable on russian gas and not really concerned about russian aggression . 
  i 'm not sure , but i do n't think a common foreign policy would solve your problems . 
  we have seen that different countries within the eu have different opinions on how to deal our far east neighbour and there has been tensions over the ns that germany wants and which the east , minus bulgaria iirc , is against . 
  how would we decide our common foreign policy and is there a legit possibility that we may be overshadow in our concerns ? 
  i have nothing against us having common goals in the fp matter , but truth is different countries want to deal with things in different ways . 
  lithuania seems quite eager . 
  it 's seen as a shitshow . 
  the corrupt party is fighting itself and they just kicked out their own government . 
  it 's good they 're fighting , but the political instability is a problem . 
  they 'd still win the early elections . 
  maybe not with so many votes , but they 'll win it . 
  it 's around 35c here . 
  yeah , but then we agreed to the quota . 
  pm ponta asked for schengen initially and it did not happen but we still agreed later . 
  *** looks at all the political crisis here and how that affects our currency *** nevermind . 
  oh wow , you showed me . 
  your lack of self awareness is impressive . 
  lol, 
  haha . 
  thanks for giving me a good laugh tonight . 
  ah , yes , i know what you mean . 
  we did ask for something in return the first time we were asked to take refugees too , but in our defense , our request was quite legit . 
  population still stands at 50 + % against refugees but it 's not a topic of discussion here anymore . 
  my bad in that particular case . 
  none whatsoever . 
  we actually want to distance ourselves from them lately because they have a reputation for being euroskeptic ( because of their leaders not necessarily the people ) and our president is aiming to make us a stable partner for the eu in the east . 
  kinda hard for him to do so with all our political crises lately , but bless his heart , he tries . 
  we 're slower than montonegro seeing as we 're not using the euro yet . 
  that picture . 
  such joy . 
  still sounds heavy , but it is n't . 
  love the marching song tbh , but [ this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0jzglj_cyy ) is slightly better . 
  glad we 're still playing it for presidents and pms official visits . 
  like all nordic countries , they are usually good at almost everything . 
  and , of course , they eat rotten fish and have shakira law . 
  they also keep saying they have a retarded smaller brother named denmark . 
  norway !, 
  thanks cpf . 
  i want my fair share of norway please . 
  yeah , but we have to differentiate from simple citizens ( unarmed , unpaid , etc. ), 
  who are protesting and people who might have been sent there to protest with arms and rile people up . 
  you ca n't say that all russians who protest something are violent ( have arms , etc. ), 
  or are being paid , especially since the baltic states have quite a big number of ethnic russians . 
  the local simple russian might be wrong , but i suppose he might end up feeling that if tensions go up , he 'll be oppressed so he 'll want to protest that somehow . 
  and yes , the paid ones would probably profit and infiltrate but the leaders should be really careful before they give the orders to shoot anyone . 
  my point is that such an unconventional war can turn badly if leaders are n't careful and strategic . 
  the first orders should be about trying to maintain peace among citizens . 
   while the local police and military would take out demonstrators you mean shoot their own people ? 
  edit : i 'm being downvoted for asking a legit question . 
  report is fake news remove report we are not worse than bulgaria / s, 
  okay . 
  haha . 
  why would you think that ? 
  yep , we have a maritime border with russia now . 
  hopefully it does n't turn into a land border too . 
  true , sorry . 
  augustin jianu , communication minister , now vice pm too . 
  augustin jianu , communication minister , now vice pm too .
