  thank god . 
  but there 's still a danger . 
  also it 's ron or lei . 
  it 's amazing how big the bulgarian empire used to be and how small bulgaria is today . 
  if you were anything like hungary , you 'd have their nationalism and lithuania 's suicide rate . 
  what a chill , awesome neighbour we have . 
  people do n't give bulgaria enough credit . 
  oh , spain , you 're so funny !, 
  yeah , could be that as well . 
  i imagine they have a variety of gears . 
  yet here you are , making it about you . 
  that 's what i immediately noticed the first time i saw the picture . 
  at first i thought `` maybe they 're just more resistant to the cold since they 're soldiers '' , but you 're right . 
  that gear is n't good for estonia , let alone siberia . 
  hopefully they packed well or they 're going to have problems . 
   beautiful country , i love budapest . 
  akjshkdahsbdkg how dare u ( joke 's on you , you messed up your flight and we get your tourist money ) i have a lot of compassion for germany though , even if it 's not a problem anymore . 
  and bulgaria . 
  we should just use winds of change by the scorpions as an alternative . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5t0awg/romanian_justice_minister_resigns_after_massive/ ) . 
  brolgaria and bromania , a love story . 
  i do n't know why there 's not a anti missile shield in poland yet . 
  are they building it ? 
  you were supposed to have one just like us . 
  is this a trick ? 
  are we gon na be bombed to death ? 
  what ... hungary , the place where liberalism comes to die . 
  time for assassination . 
  poland ? 
  any good spies ? 
  france and germany have different histories with extremism . 
  is n't afd the far right party of germany ? 
  how do they have 13 % ? 
  soros * according to their opposition * . 
  as far as i know , although we are green on that map , putin has visited romania only once during the 2008 nato summit held in bucharest . 
  for some reason i recalled that last time i heard about this , they said they would withdraw that . 
  i am sorely mistaken it seems . 
  what a bunch of cockroaches . 
  jeez, 
   theres a law bill project in parliament almost identical to the ordinance 13 btw did n't they ditch this ? 
  we build and invented everything !, 
  everything else is fake news . 
  still . 
  no jab at our neighbours ? 
  sad !, 
  then again , we have no neighbours . 
  just more romania , but with funny names . 
  i just ca n't wait to see bulgarians ' reaction when liviu dragnea and calin popescu tariceanu take over . 
   exactly . 
  please look back at / u/nstanciu original comment , it seems to attempt and justify a hate towards the russians from romanians nowdays because of past soviet crimes against romania . 
  does this mean that it would be fair game for jews to despise romanians for participating in the holocaust or any other of their past crimes ? 
  except russia continues to act like the soviet union , thinking they are entitled to other countries ' territories and annexing them , waging wars , etc. 
  albania and romania had the worst communist regimes in europe afaik . 
  you do n't make it hard though . 
  we should get a honorary seat for the friendship we showed poland . 
  `` gypsies '' have an impact on romanian culture . 
  yeah , it was predictable that they 'd pin it all on him . 
  well our current priorities should be : - make sure oug14 is not rejected by the parliament ( which has sdp/alde majority ) . 
  - make the government resign . 
  - do something about sdp & alde party leaders . 
  both are very corrupt and patronizing towards the people and alde leader recently adopted an anti eu rhetoric . 
  here are some important parts of the speech :  the president also noticed that the government 's members were not in the room ( the parliament 's presidents decided not to call them ) . 
  `` no problem , i have already visited them , '' iohannis said smiling . 
  ( refers to the 2nd point in my original comment here )  `` but these are not ordinary times . 
  we are in full crisis , hundreds of thousands of romanians protest in the streets . 
  the nation is alive , is alert , and is very discontent , '' iohannis said , citing a poll that shows that 80 % of the romanians think the country is going in a wrong direction . 
  `` how did we get here only a month after the elections ? ''  `` on december 11 , psd won a great victory ( applause from the majority mps ) , but after that ( applause from the opposition side ) , with a strange kamikaze strategy , they went into full collision with a significant part of the romanian society . 
  they promised something in the campaign and in the first days they started doing something else , '' the president said , then addressing the majority mps directly : `` the romanian people 's prosperity was not your first concern . 
  your first concern was to solve the records of the corrupt politicians . 
  and romanians are outraged . ''  `` what 's the solution to get out of this deadlock ? 
  the repealing of ordinance 13 and the potential delayed resignation of a minister is certainly too little . 
  early elections , however , is too much at this stage . 
  this is the room for maneuver . 
  who should come with the solution ? 
  naturally , those who created the problem , sdp . '' the president 's speech is interrupted by an uproar from the majority mps who leave the room . 
  `` have you already grown tired ? 
  bad luck , '' the president taunted them and went further with his speech . 
   `` the president of the two chambers are trying to accredit the idea that i do n't like the vote result in the elections and that i 'm trying to do something to change this result , that i want to overturn the legitimate government . 
  ( ` you broke romania in two ' -- shouts someone in the room ) this is false !, 
  you won , now rule and make laws !, 
  but not in any way . 
  romania needs a strong government , not one that shyly executes orders received from the party . 
  romania needs a government that rules transparently , predictably , at the light of day , not stealthily at night , '' iohannis said . 
   `` make laws for romania , not for a group of politicians with legal problems . 
  rule , those of you who won the elections , but rule responsibly . 
  society has great expectations . 
  the people who voted for you believed your promises . 
  do what you promised ! '' the president added . 
  i agree . 
  he has his quite badass moments . 
  afaik , their right is pro lgbt . 
  he really does . 
  sure , he 's scoring political points , but it does n't matter because in my opinion he does believe in what he says . 
  he may not come from romania 's cleanest party , but he 's quite good . 
  if he will run again , which he will most probably , he has my vote if no better option shows up . 
  thanks !, 
  i think our biggest problems are our lack of political & economical education and our lack of interest in our civic duties . 
  we ( by we i mean the majority , not the people who protest because most of them know these values ) do n't have them and there are no plans to introduce something that would educate people or boost our civic spirit because uneducated people are easier to control . 
  it 's in their benefit to keep us stupid . 
  for example , quite a few western european countries have had mandatory voting ( or still do like belgium , but it 's not enforced because it does n't need to be ) up until the 80s or the 90s .
