  they might reject eo14 which means that eo13 will be going through the parliament as well . 
  - 9th february : minister of justice resigns . 
   # 1 kebab remover well , second maybe . 
  there 's still serbia . 
   # 1 vodka remover there 's a plan . 
  prepare your ass , bulgaria !, 
  our neighbour country ukraine was invaded and they 're still fighting a war . 
  it 's only natural , logical and normal to arm yourself in case russia tries to fuck with you . 
  and our neighbour country was invaded . 
  imagine iliescu : putin is weak . 
  i would have made russia great again . 
  ah , the irish . 
  any enemy of the uk is a friend to us . 
  / s obviously, 
  i know right ? 
  russia ... it 's so ... russia . 
  we should impose more sanctions on russia . 
  we can start off by cutting iliescu 's pension . 
   ) ) ) ) ~ ~ stole that from biziday ~ ~, 
  no , it 's not the same situation . 
  the anti missile shield and recent american troops . 
  we may not share a border , but we hate each other 's guts . 
  that was once and it was due to being tired after 5 days of `` occupy wall street '' protests in parliament . 
  yeah , that 's an issue too . 
  and they just decriminalized domestic violence . 
  could it be communism ? 
  i mean their communism was all about destroying churches , imprisoning religious heads and anything to do with that . 
   i get that in romania this sort of nationalism is normalized . 
  theres a simple reason for that , romania never lost . 
  never was romania forced to look into its own past and make value judgements about its own past . 
  romanians were never forced to think `` wow maybe our nationalism is cancerous '' , because they never lost a major war and had to suffer the consequences . 
  hm ... let 's see : - in wwi only serbia and the ottoman empire had more human losses than us . 
  russia stole our treasury . 
  - lost transylvania to you , but gained it back after the war . 
  we were an ally to germany ( after a fascist coup ) . 
  lost a lot of people , the romanian holocaust happened and we also lost basarabia ( moldova ) and northern bucovina ( ukraine ) . 
  - mass deportation to siberia . 
  - after wwii , soviets occupied our country for 16 years . 
  - romania got one the nastiest communist regimes along with albania ( from what i heard it was pretty nasty there too ) which oppressed and killed a lot of people . 
  - the revolution and the mineriads . 
  we hate russians . 
  you comparing us to russians ? 
  disgraceful and has no basis whatsoever . 
  and anyone upvoting that crimea comment of yours lives in an alternative facts world . 
  so we never had tragedies , huh ? 
  ultra nationalism is not normalized in romania , it 's what you think it is . 
  you see trianon as lost territories , taken unfairly . 
  some of them maybe they were taken unfairly , but you lost the war . 
  the allies did n't exactly want to be fair with you . 
  the rest of us in romania ? 
  we see our national day as the day when romanians living under hungarian rule unwillingly , who had to suffer through magyarization , could finally unite with their brothers . 
  like i mentioned in another reply , romania did not draw the borders , but the romanians inside your borders did want to unite , whether you believe it or not , it 's a historical fact . 
  i already know you do n't believe that , you do n't believe that any minority under hungarian rule actually wanted to rejoin their country because somehow that 's totally unrealistic to you . 
   hungary was forced to think about its past . 
  its past has lots of horrible shit , like magyarization , holocaust , ww2 , other stuff . 
  hungarian textbooks include these things , and lots hungarians realized , like myself , that this is retarded . 
  nationalism , that is . 
  in hungary you will never see anyone waving flags . 
  never see anyone celebrate wars , not even those we won . 
  never see anyone pushing an agenda that hungary is better , or even good . 
  never see people doing national thing just for the sake of being national . 
  if you see people doing those , you can safely assume they 're jobbik fanboy ultras or hardline fidesz at best this whole paragraph is an absolute mess . 
  so you recognize the bad things hungary did , but somehow it 's impossible for you to believe the romanians inside hungary borders before trianon wanted to unite with romania . 
  you also recognize magyarization which is a factor in the census data as many minorities , not just romanians , had to assimilate in order to be treated somewhat acceptable . 
  you never see someone pushing an agenda ? 
  but you are pushing an agenda . 
  your agenda is that romanians did not want to unite with romania , that they were forced and that romania 's celebration of the great union day is more about hungary losing than us being reunited with the romanian population over the border . 
  and you 're not the only one . 
  lots of trianon monuments , stickers of trianon on cars ... and none of them represent any sort of middle ground fair borders , just the borders of greater hungary which contained minorities that did not want to be part of hungary anymore . 
  see , i do n't have a problem with hungarians being sad over trianon and thinking about it , but i do have a problem when you erase everyone 's history to do so . 
   i expect basic human decency , this disgusting display is not decent , its retarded i will not hate our national day because of false `` facts '' just so you can feel better about yourself . 
  i 'm balanced with you enough as it is , considering the manner in which you speak . 
  i do n't care much for the national day like others , the parade is nice and all , but it 's not about whether i care about it or not , it 's about someone pushing their agenda on me about how trianon is just a black and white thing . 
   and btw i dont know what statue you are talking about , explain yourself [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-hungary-iduskbn15g4xw?il=0 ) . 
  glorious roman empire < 3 signed : love , dad . 
  that 's such a nice photo . 
  i feel bad for not being able to be present today . 
  #rezistam [ here 's another nice picture from yesterday . 
  no , you do n't debate . 
  the other hungarians here ? 
  they debate and they can accept that reality is n't as black and white as you paint it to be . 
  you are just trying to make romania as the evil country who has done the same things as russia apparently . 
  and you downvote me as if downvoting me will make you somehow right . 
  funny thing comparing us to russia ( which most people agree that it is very insulting to every minority that got independence from hungary during trianon , not just romanians ) since as far as i know , just a few days ago , hungary inaugurated a monument for soviet soldiers . 
  well , now that 's disturbing . 
  you can continue to hold a grudge against me or my country , but it will not help you in any way and you do not need to justify your grudge with petty reasoning , you just need to say so . 
  i replied with these lyrics because op said that hungarians hate romanians and serbs and as far as i know those lyrics are still on trianon monuments , that are all over the country as i 've heard , which goes to show just how much you like us and the serbs . 
  come on / r/romania and have a discussion about it with people there . 
  there are transylvanian folks there too . 
  maybe they will give you other perspectives . 
  never again . 
  we do . 
  we call the country ungaria and the people are either maghiari or unguri . 
  you 're the only ultras here . 
  the other hungarians in this thread act decently except you . 
  our constitution forbids it . 
  to change the constitution , you need to have a referendum . 
  no way a referendum like that would pass considering that many romanians live in these regions too and that people are afraid of : 1 . 
  oppression .
