  for example , putin could have told macron off , he could have reacted aggressively , but why do that ? 
  he would have still lost points . 
  his preferred method is `` be judged and make yourself and your country look like victims of western hostile behavior '' . 
  examples : [ charles allegedly calling him hitler . 
  the important thing is not what charles did or did not , but to see putin 's reaction . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wtmlgn5iccg?t=31 ) he always reacts diplomatically and in a chill way because he knows any other way would change his appearance and he would n't profit from that . 
  he has a lot of political experience and years as a kgb spy . 
  he 's not your average politician . 
  he knows the game . 
  that 's somehow sad , that it was not preserved to have that historical air about it . 
  i still imagine it has a certain energy to it . 
  it ca n't not have it after so many people died there . 
  i can only imagine the feelings you get when you 're there . 
  i 've watched so many documentaries and movies about this subject ... 
  it is quite an interesting subject to me . 
   it 's a special area where you can see a lot of womens who died there and when i looked into their faces i feel something that 's indescribable ... 
  i can believe that . 
   while i agree it 's not a huge thing , if as you say he just did what others should have but failed to do for a long time , in itself that sounds pretty good . 
  hope to see more . 
  actions too . 
   russian president vladimir putin on friday warned romania and poland they could find themselves in the sights of russian rockets because they are hosting elements of a u.s. missile shield that moscow considers a threat to its security . 
   `` if yesterday in those areas of romania people simply did not know what it means to be in the cross-hairs , then today we will be forced to carry out certain measures to ensure our security , '' putin told a joint news conference in athens with greek prime minister alexis tsipras . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-europe-shield-iduskcn0yi2er ), 
   what we 're saying is that it 's about damn time someone actually had said stance . 
  yeah . 
  kinda late . 
  let 's hope macron can translate that into actions too tho . 
  it annoys me so much to see this bastard smirk at us through the cameras while his soldiers wage war in a neighbour country but he gets to stroll through an art gallery near paris . 
   it 's certainly not holland who would have , and sarkozy got kod by putin ( cf video earlier up ) . 
  yep , saw that . 
  i love wine . 
  i know romanians will say '' \u0163uica '' or something , but honestly most people here drink either beer or wine . 
  \u0162uica is more of a holiday drink in my opinion . 
  you do n't just drink that casually . 
  wine and beer is where it 's at . 
  i really want to visit . 
  i see . 
  i thought people said it seriously . 
  mhm . 
  thought it was a thing people take seriously . 
  glad it is n't . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  like putin is an expert in diplomacy and being able to keep a straight face or think things through even in the most hostile situations . 
  he 's trained for this . 
  he 's an ex kgb spy . 
  he wo n't do anything he knows is not in his favor and if he were to respond aggressively , he 'd be judged . 
  i 've observed he 's much more into playing the victim card . 
  i believe it was charles that compared putin with hitler and putin was like `` yeah ? 
  really ? 
  thought we were friends . 
  that 's not nice of him . '', 
  this guy is a master in keeping his cool and calculating every move with precision . 
  not much : slavic people , beer , castles , skoda , franz kafka and that 's about all i can think of right now , but ... fun fact from our history : * initially , ceau\u0219escu became a popular figure in romania and also in the west , because of his independent foreign policy , challenging the authority of the soviet union . 
  in the 1960s , he eased press censorship and ended romania 's active participation in the warsaw pact ( though romania formally remained a member ) . 
  he not only refused to take part in the 1968 invasion of czechoslovakia by warsaw pact forces , but actively and openly condemned that action in his 21 august 1968 speech . 
  he even traveled to prague a week before the invasion to offer moral support to his czechoslovak counterpart , alexander dub\u010dek . 
  can we stop with the whole `` leader/s of the free world '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  as far as i know we 're all from distinct sovereign countries for now . 
  like i do n't hate macron or merkel and they are good options so far , but this crap with `` leaders of the free world '' is just obnoxious . 
  i 'm perfectly cool being anti-russian , sorry . 
  western europe does not have many reasons to be , maybe , but here we have quite a few . 
  i 'm okay with russian people who do n't endorse putin or the likes of him , but putin voters give me reasons to assume they are against me , my home and my values . 
  some probably want the end of us . 
  i ca n't be judged for not fancying that . 
  i 'm sure many people feel the same . 
  people are acting like this is some huge thing . 
  sorry to say , guys , but all eu leaders should have adopted a hard , honest stance against putin and russia a long time ago . 
  maybe he would n't have done some things he did if they just spoke up the hard truth . 
  an example is romania and poland being threatened in front of the greek pm and the greek pm not even saying a word about it . 
  5 bani should go too . 
  one day you 'll have some from bulgaria and romania too . 
  it seemed the same to me . 
  it seems macron has made putin somewhat uncomfortable and putin himself seems to have annoyed macron at certain parts , but they 're trying to keep it all very diplomatic . 
  i really wish i could hear talks behind close doors just to imagine how much the language would change if they knew no one was hearing . 
  wow , that was a ride . 
  putin did n't seem very comfortable and at times macron looked slightly upset . 
  or maybe it 's just me . 
  could n't find one for some reason , even if apparently the one klaus uses has been used by iliescu and constantinescu too . 
  maybe i 'm searching the wrong way . 
  old habits die hard . 
  ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ bad ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  maybe , but one seems to be more minimalistic than the other , and w better light . 
  is n't it funny how basescu had this [ one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wslrncl.jpg ) yet iohannis has this [ one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gj2rser.jpg ) ? 
  makes me think of merkel 's office vs the french ( generally ) . 
  haha, 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy happened twice, 
  sure , yeah , but germany and even romania to a smaller extent paid for the holocaust ( needs to improve ) and other reparations after the war , we even paid reparations to the su . 
  we need at least some sort of payback . 
  maybe starting with the value of our wwi treasury that they stole . 
  we ca n't just shove things aside and pretend it did n't happen and that we should n't expect anything in return . 
  we wo n't be able to fix what they did in the past , but we 'll use what they should give for what we can . 
  population decline in romania is due to many factors such as instability regarding economic policies . 
  people are smarter now and realize having a kid when you are n't sure if you 're gon na be able to raise it properly is a problem . 
  others want careers first . 
  we have a common goal : a better europe , a better eu . 
  we fight for a common cause and we 're loyal to it , despite some bumps on the road . 
  for example , historically and culturally , we have better and stronger ties with france than we 'll ever do with russia .
