  give me a break . 
  if everyone in the comments here can have moderate views on everything ranging from `` how xenophobic is switzerland ? '', 
  to `` not all non eu immigrants are bad '' than you can pull a muscle applying the same logic to the ee . 
  but you wo n't and that 's okay because society , as it is now in europe , says it 's okay . 
  we are too . 
  - thanks psd, 
  yes . 
  yes , they mentioned that it was 65 % at 18:00 , forgot to add . 
  will do now . 
  they just said on romanian tv that macron probably has 62 % of the vote according to estimates . 
  65 % turnout at 18:00 . 
  i 'd say he did well . 
  but do n't forget that le pen got quite far considering her political agenda . 
  they could have started partying in the morning . 
  we all knew the result . 
  macron is rumored to win at 60 + . 
  you can sleep well . 
  uk and us were another matter entirely . 
   wo n't the turkish living abroad be more progressive , meaning , they might vote more against the death penalty , erdogan won in a lot of western countries like germany and austria while he lost the vote in my country . 
  it seems western turks are n't as progressive as you 'd think . 
  it 's not our fault you always hand it to the goddamn tories one way or the other . 
  uk is just too prideful anyway . 
  speaking of beers , recently there was a report in romania about local beers and foreigners were asked about it too . 
  some english dudes said it was good and cheaper than at home while a belgian said it 's nice , but that the belgian beers are way nicer and that they have more variety . 
  it 'd be interesting to find out what are the top quality beers in belgium and czechia , both known for this drink . 
  i love it when clueless people think they know what 's going on in another country because they read a few shitty click-bait titles . 
  it has n't even been a year since they 're in power . 
  protest , protest and protest some more . 
  it 's weird seeing romania so low on acting together because we 're willing to cooperate most of the time , unlike other ee countries . 
  i was honestly surprised at that . 
  we trust eu 's democracy more than our own so yeah . 
  being interested in eu politics is n't just the case with eu , many people do n't know what the heck they 're voting for . 
  moldova is just jelly . 
  on the negative side , a3 can talk about the iohannist kovesist technocratic alien invasion with no problems . 
  that kind of freedom ... rare . 
  honestly i love this sisterhood of languages , even if we 're the lost sister . 
  latin languages are beautiful and so melodic . 
  even if some say ours is a bit harsher on the accent . 
  i do n't mind . 
  ay , haha , no problem , thanks for taking the time . 
  :d translation : for romanians , italian and spanish are the easiest languages to understand . 
  many are able to speak them fluently in a short time . 
  next is french , but the accent gives headaches to some romanians . 
  ( note : durere de cap is similar to the way spanish people say dolor de cabeza , since you might know spanish better ) portuguese is an interesting language too , but i have n't heard it enough to have an opinion on how similar ( could have used `` similar\u0103 '' instead of `` apropriat\u0103 '' which maybe would have given you a hint ) it is to romanian . 
  the romanian language has slavic influences because of it 's geographic position but i think it 's not extremely hard [ to learn it ] if you know another latin language . 
  thanks for the corrections . 
  and yeah , i heard all about italian english accent . 
  hehe . 
  written it 's much easier indeed . 
  i had french classes in school , i 'll admit , but i was always bad at it and the teachers were always so annoying and i kind of bullshitted my way through french . 
  i can read somewhat , slowly , and i can understand some of it , but i can not really speak it . 
  nothing much past , * bonjour , je m ` appelle / u/xvoxnihili , enchant\u00e9 * . 
  no idea . 
  i really do n't speak either . 
  but now that i look at the translation from above , it says  i was impressed that the affect is not [ cos\u00ec ] deep in the other side , [ mi sbaglio ? ], 
  so you might be right . 
  i ' l try too . 
  romanian and i do n't speak french . 
  it is truly fascinating how much latin languages resemble each other . 
  during my trip to italy , i listened italian because nothing was truly in english . 
  i could understand everything , how impressive !, 
  personally , i think that the language is most similar to french , and catalan , but italian is second position . 
  then spanish , portuguese , romanian and english . 
  culturally , i think italians are the closest to us , just after the belgians ( the wallons ) . 
  we speak [ ?? ], 
  with the same passion as the french . 
  romanian here . 
  will try to translate whatever i understand from your first text . 
  i do n't speak any other romance language besides some words and sentences . 
  it 's beautiful the intimate connection that is created when speaking in one own 's language with another latin brother . 
  the extreme experiment which [ ?? 
  no idea ?? 
  probably `` lasted '' ? ], 
  15 years with 3 other girls : a french girl , a spanish girl and a portuguese girl . 
  we understand each other [ i think ?? ], 
  well a lot of the time . 
  last year i was in valencia for a spanish course and all the people treated me amazing . 
  italians consider the spanish our brothers . 
  i was impressed with the profound affection on the other side . 
   romania wow . 
  what a perspective . 
  mind blown . 
  haha . 
  at least it 's better than some offensive shit . 
  i 'm alright with just `` romania '' . 
  geographical knowledge ftw . 
  free movement is a fundamental principle of the eu . 
  we are not sending anyone the same way we can not hold anyone in . 
  let 's stop pretending it is nearly as bad as this italian politician trying to score points makes it out to be . 
  like i said before ... you can say anything you want about eastern europeans , but god forbid you the media shitstorm if you ever say something similar about other races or people from other religions , etc. 
  both statements are supposed to be just as shitty and yet ... 
   di maio 's anti-romanian statement was baseless . 
  in fact , as blogger luca sofri has documented , he was distorting statistics issued in 2009 by romania 's then-justice minister , which showed that 40 percent of fugitive criminals sought by romanian authorities were hiding in italy . 
  not a french , but i think it 's most likely . 
  while some people will rather sit at home ( from those who voted neither macron or le pen ) , those who will go to vote in the second round are most likely to vote for macron rather than le pen . 
  macron can attract a wider audience , le pen less so . 
  - this is not about genetics . 
  - the purge was n't nearly as huge as you think it was and neither did it work as much as you think it did . 
  neac\u0219u 's letter from 1521 is readable to romanians today . 
   the content of the letter is written in the old romanian language .
