  we were getting kinda lonely being the only latin country around here . 
  well yeah , i do n't , but not everyone can afford zara . 
  not surprising . 
  most products like these cost the same or more in ee , with salaries and thus purchasing power being way higher in we . 
  what other option is there ? 
  most things cost about the same everywhere here , with them being slightly , and by slightly i mean slightly , cheaper in super/hypermarkets . 
  people protesting here back in feb/jan would have had no problem with our government receiving sanctions from eu because we saw the eu as one of the biggest supporters of our protests . 
  polish people should value rule of law above illusions that another soviet union is out to get them which is simply ... ridiculous . 
  i can imagine that 's the case . 
  i see . 
  yeah , that 's true , we look similar to the spanish people so we mostly go unnoticed . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  yes , i 'm a ethnic romanian . 
  haha . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  did n't they go once communism was gone though ? 
  why did poland keep them ? 
  well i 'm glad that the overall sentiment is positive . 
  i remember there was a scandal about some spanish stores putting signs up with `` no dogs or romanians allowed '' , but if those are isolated cases that are not encouraged , that 's good . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  wait wait wait . 
  did they put us into the central group ? 
  that 's ... new . 
  how hated are we over there ? 
  i think ours are nice : * portugalia * with its capital * lisabona * . 
  the name lisabona is especially nice . 
  are any of the top parties anti eu ? 
   the government did not expect the bourgeois alliance ... or the spanish inquisition . 
  this is about the romanian protests in january/february ? 
  it 's not about erdogan offending me , it 's about erdogan acting like a dictator . 
  who 's to say another erdogan wo n't come ? 
  seems turkish people are okay with him having so much power and oppressing everyone . 
  well , i do n't know if `` ally '' is the right word anymore . 
  and how 's that going ? 
  oh , it 's not going good at all ? 
  what a shocker . 
  i wonder why . 
  believe me , russia under putin has never gone through that kind of poverty and it wo n't go that far , but we 'll never know how russians would react if we keep putting all the money in putin 's pocket . 
   implying the majority of russians do n't genuinely support putin . 
  you have n't seen how quickly people turn against their leaders when the economy fails . 
  strong leadership does n't matter when you can barely make it . 
  this is the only sector where sanctions matter . 
  everything else is a smokescreen . 
  it 's not just our national interest , it 's everyone 's national interest to rely less on an authoritarian state that invaded a neighbour country . 
  we are on our way to be self sufficient with our own gas reserves , we 're just warning you that this is not in anyone 's interest . 
   who cares if it affects you ? 
  shut up and praise the money , not your security . 
  russia makes most of its money from their gas exports . 
  hit them there and their economy will crumble . 
  then , when putin has an angry mob ( although i do n't underestimate his strong propaganda ) outside yelling at him to fix the economy or he 'll go , he 'll be more willing to talk about pulling out of ukraine and respecting international law . 
  not well known places . 
  what a joke . 
  us should take all of its assets off turkish territory and onto romania . 
  membership of nato means jack squat if you 're a lunatic with dictatorial wet dreams . 
  same here . 
  they learn romanian in schools from sz\u00e9kely land , but they do n't actually bother learning it all that much . 
  even the president , a german ethnic , so a minority himself , said he 's worried about this . 
  truth is they do n't care to learn it because they take a weird pride in only knowing hungarian . 
  i 'd really be interested to see a table of minority right of hungarians in romania and russians in estonia to see the differences because hungarians are a much smaller percent of our population ( 6 . something % ) yet they 're always on and on about how they do n't have enough rights when they actually do . 
  they always claim romania is so discriminatory but i do n't think so . 
  this is so funny to read . 
  i love it !, 
   not everything is a slippery slope . 
  eastern europe was n't asked to host x percent of all asylum seekers that apply per year . 
  they were asked to host x percent of a set amount of refugees that already received refugee status . 
  it was a one time project . 
  the eu quotas were a one time project , but eastern countries * did * receive refugees outside of that project . 
  just look at bulgaria . 
  be fair . 
   rather then increasing our defense spending we set up a large international fund that aims to prevent harvest failure countries can do both and we do need to spend on defense . 
  maybe you do n't see our concerns here in the east reasonable since you seem to be from far away , but yeah , they are . 
  we can do a lot of things to fix this situation , but it does n't mean giving up on something that guarantees our safety in the east . 
  you like that , you eye cripple ???? 
  ^ sorry ^ could ^ not ^ resist, 
  i 'm not even reading this , what the hell is afro-eurasia and who 's the genius that came up with that ? 
  this woman is laura codruta kovesi and she is the current chief prosecutor of romania 's national anticorruption directorate . 
  we all get a bit wet or hard whenever she 's catching one of them politicians with the cat in the bag . 
  if this happened during the time when romania was a communist country , they were not just gypsy kids , but abandoned kids in orphanges due to strict abortion laws and the like . 
  [ okay , but only for a little while because otherwise we will be in more trouble than we are . 
  here you go . 
  ] ( http://static2.evz.ro/image-original-605-388/cache/2016-09/laura-codruta-kovesi-a-plagiat-465x390.jpg ), 
  sounds like corruption , sweden . 
  but i though there was none of that there . 
  i do n't think all of those hungarians in romania know how to speak romanian tho so it 's hard to calculate . 
  i do n't know why it talks about ` the european union ' . 
  i 'm sure some countries agree with us ' stance . 
  yes because it is the romanian word for it . 
  that we are . 
  nooo . 
  that 's the codeword for [ our protest ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dhrhy7vgqda/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  would immigration still be as big of a problem if employers would pay the immigrants the same ? 
  no , it would n't be , and we would all be spared from this bullshit . 
  what about the employers who profited from eu immigrants and paid them less ? 
  no fault ? 
  alright . 
  romance languages . 
  because they might be interested in it ? 
  or because they might have throat problems and they want to speak a language that makes it sound like everyone else has throat problems as well ? 
  at least that 's what danes keep saying . 
  ^ / s ^ obviously,
