  i 'm done talking to you . 
  we have ties with france too . 
  so when your country can lend a helping hand in preventing genocide , mass raping and the destruction of countries your country claims to want to be in a union with , you ( alongside with the majority of your country as it seems ) says * no , thank you * ? 
  this puts a lot of things in perspective . 
  so not much has changed , be it doing the actual killing or letting people die . 
   well the allies allied the udssr to fight against germany . 
  so i have to laugh your first statement  we feel no connection to eastern europe , because there is no reason for it . 
  i suppose the allies should have let germany win so you could feel a close connection to the racially pure people living in today 's eastern europe if that happened , huh ? 
  the allies did what they could to stop germany . 
  what they did after is what 's bad , when we remained to rot with the russians while you were being cuddled by the us . 
   russia or eastern europe is not much different in the eyes of many . 
  well , true , many people are incredibly stupid so i guess they see no difference . 
   the only thing we ever hear from eastern europe is moaning about something we want and hate towards germany . 
  might be the fault of the german media yeah , either that or the ability to filter information . 
  i see . 
  thanks a lot for the insight . 
  history has to do with it too . 
  nato was created as a defensive alliance just after germany and the soviet union * tore * into europe . 
  nato stood against the soviet union until it fell . 
  the advantage is not living in a war torn continent . 
  i thought you , as a german , would be able to understand that . 
  i would say germany has a duty to protect the members of this organization in case they are attacked out of self awareness , common sense and sheer decency . 
  oh , boy , i 'd shut up if i had your history . 
  interesting . 
  did not know about that . 
  thanks . 
  would you say the result would be different today or almost the same ? 
  you go brolgarians !, 
  spain always seems to be able to get out of conflicts because of their geographical position but now that they are in nato , they have an obligation to answer when called upon . 
  uk ... understandable . 
  not much sympathy from there , but again , they 'd have to anyway . 
  germany is interesting though . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i thought germany , at least by virtue , would be first to defend . 
  apparently not . 
  ca n't believe canada is higher than france , spain and germany , especially assuming that a lot of canadians barely know who russia 's neighbours even are . 
  you 'd think your continental buddies would be more passionate about a possible attack . 
  the netherlands is surprising , of course . 
  news here say 20 dead . 
  this is absolutely horrible ... 
   if it was n't for the uk and the us europe would have been under a totalitarian regime . 
  be it national socialist or soviet . 
  uk and us did not get here . 
  half of europe * was * under a totalitarian regime for 50 years . 
  you got lucky , greece . 
  this is about poland , but lem me tell ya something about cooperation on issues and stuff like that ... when romania was asked to take in refugees , we said `` okay . 
  on one condition : let us in schengen . '', 
  as we can see , it 's 2017 , 6 years since the eu parliament has expressed their support for us joining schengen and germany , among two other countries , still blocks us . 
  we 've met the requirements , many can agree , but oh no , cooperation means only when germany wants it . 
  i am all for helping refugees and all that , but i 'm just trying to say that people should n't just say that ee does not want to cooperate . 
  maybe poland does n't , at all , i do n't know , but when romanians see such lack of respect towards us is hard to lend a helping hand . 
  i think this might be one of the best examples . 
  mcdonalds basic products are the same everywhere . 
  why ca n't every producer do that ? 
   buy the cheaper/better quality products across the border . 
  yeah , sure , i 'll just hop in my car and drive for hours to another country to just get a thing or two . 
  i get that 's easy for people living in small countries but that 's not everyone . 
  and besides , i should be able to get the same thing in my own country . 
   had ukraine joined the eu or nato , they would be in an entirely different situation right now . 
  are you kidding ? 
  ukraine has never been in a state to join . 
  they barely got the eu to offer the visa free travel . 
  a dude with heart problems sings a heartfelt song that his sister wrote and he sings with a good , but not magnificent voice . 
  you 're all in tears talking about `` omg how amazingly unique '' and it was a nice song but then both of you ( the dude and those who think like him ) are shitting all over everyone else who does n't enjoy his song . 
  yeah ... you do n't make the rules about what 's good or not for other people . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the other contestants do n't have 0 talent and your hipster is n't the next big thing either . 
  y' all could have the decency to realize that not everyone has the same taste , take your trophy and shut up , but no, 
  half romanian half english if i remember well . 
  we did not come close when we did it in romanian either . 
  let the yodel flow through you . 
  pop and rock and nothing else enough with the sentiments we 're not here to cry lol, 
  shut up jon snow ahaha thanks for telling, 
  what did he say ? 
  i changed the channel, 
  all in all we did well , moldova . 
  cheers . 
  yeah , i was just too ?????? 
  people do like yodeling after all, 
  romania 4th place whaaaaat danke, 
  they better, 
  no no no no i 'm bringing the stakes that 's it ukraine this is war, 
  we gave moldova 8 points ahahah they 'll hate us, 
  wow thank you ireland for appreciating yodeling we 'll have a pint together sometime, 
  yeah . 
  except moldova . 
  is like getting likes from your mother on facebook . 
  all of our latin sisters have disappointed us . 
  you mean the swiss where all the money are :'), 
  serbian traitors you do n't appreciate the art of yodeling, 
  wow 3 points thanks a lot bulgaria :'(, 
  well , moldova is like ... our relative . 
  they 're obligated to vote for us by unwritten rules , but thanks haha, 
  i love how our commentators are like `` wow , you go bulgaria '', 
  bulgaria , the underdog, 
  wow , spain , such suspense, 
  portugal is making us all go home but at least we 'll yodel on the way there, 
  no more harlem shake now sorry guys it 's yodel it !, 
  that 's because talking about high skilled ee immigrants is taboo . 
  they do n't exist . 
  they are a fairytale .
