  everyone is trying to discredit the people , who * have * a brain and can tell right from wrong . 
  hell , the entire eu is shouting at our government . 
  unless government manages to pull through ... in which case i do n't know what the eu will do to us . 
  there are sources that say the ombudsman might notify the constitutional court as well , and that would be a good thing , but we 're weary because this guy is in bed with sdp/alde . 
  it might be the pressure that makes him do it . 
  either way , we 'll find out soon enough if he does it or not . 
  thank you very much for the kind words though !, 
  i think everyone here appreciates them !, 
  yeah . 
  `` how dare anyone say anything against the legitimate government ? 
  we will defend democracy ! '', 
  kind of attitude . 
  if they do that , there will be a massive backlash . 
  from us and other countries . 
  but i do n't think they will . 
  they keep saying , `` we respect the right to protest '' and they try to ruin it with ultras infiltrated in the groups , but people are being taught to step away and record anyone who gets violent . 
  also , respect to ukrainians . 
  the organization during maidan was amazing . 
  working together like that ... incredible . 
  first woman is monica macovei and she talks about how bad these ougs are and what terrible things the government has done . 
  she 's also urging the meps to come to bucharest and see the people protesting , to see what sdp/alde is doing . 
  she also mentioned the government will try to destroy dna . 
  the second one , sdp mep , says this is an attack on the legitimate government . 
  bulgaria is balkan , romania is barely balkan . 
  some russians here confessed that they 're afraid to protest because they might thrown in jail for it . 
  i say that 's really . . bad . 
   it 's hard to find even weed hmu no , i do n't have any , but i want some . 
  if you 're romanian , check in with the romanian community in the city you live and see if they 're organizing anything . 
  you can join in if you 're not romanian too . 
  an ex bbc journalist was protesting with us last sunday . 
  yeah , kinda . 
  the superior council of magistracy gave notice to the constitutional court ( accusing constitutional conflict between institutions ) and now it 's up to them to reject the emergency ordinances or approve them . 
  the other option is for the government to cancel the emergency ordinances in the next 10 days , but that 's ... unlikely . 
  i mean biggest protest ever since the revolution and the minister of justice is still mocking us . 
  i find it funny ( and by funny i mean exasperating ) that despite everyone ( citizens , romanian politicians , the media , artists , foreign leaders , some of their own voters and party members , etc. ), 
  telling them that they 're wrong , they 're still like `` no , you do n't understand !!! '' . 
  this is n't just obliviousness , this is being a massive corrupt jerk . 
  this is the mafia . 
  edit : i 'd also like to thank the many people protesting outside of romania . 
  thank you romanian diaspora !, 
  we might manage to fix it , we do n't know yet , but this already has internal and external consequences that fuck us badly . 
  300k in romania . 
  amazing . 
  300k total now . 
  digi called it . 
  yeah , there 's a chance for us to fix it somehow , especially with all the protests and external pressure , but it still has enormous consequences . 
  internal and external . 
  our relationship with the eu is fucked , we might never get to be in schengen and generally the whole situation is depressing . 
  foreign countries ( belgium , the netherlands , canada , france , usa , etc. ), 
  have officially asked us not to drop this anti corruption fight which is now only done by the people , dna and the opposition . 
  psd has truly fucked us this time . 
  some journalists here call psd under liviu dragnea one of the worst things since ion iliescu . 
  and that 's our 90s president who was accused for crimes against humanity . 
  so that 's something ... 
  this was one of the worst betrayals . 
  people shouted all kinds of things , from `` i 'm sick of being robbed '' to `` putin should come and take all of you to russia '' . 
   the media trying to spin it if it went violent you have no idea . 
  we have expert psd propaganda channels that either make the protests seem small or make them look like we 're bringing the apocalypse on the legitimate government . 
  they have this idea that once you 're elected , you can do anything you want . 
  do n't worry , he 's german , he 's tough . 
  psd+alde party , their corrupt friends and a lot of their voters , but not all of them . 
  yeah ... we 're in a very , very bad place right now . 
  but we should not back down . 
  it 's either us or them as * they * showed us . 
  now it 's all up to the constitutional court since i do n't think the government will take back the emergency ordinances . 
  thing is ... we were a stable country in 2016 . 
  somewhat at least . 
  the eu could trust us . 
  but now ? 
  with these corrupt savages ? 
  of course they 're worried . 
  juncker already said he 's worried about romania . 
  this day is crazy . 
  just take a peak at our subreddit . 
  facebook is on fire , our president is on fire , people are protesting , taking trains to come to bucharest . . it 's going to be a long night tonight . 
  and psd is still acting like they did the right thing . 
  the eu is patient with reactions because there is at least one chance that the superior council of magistracy declares the emergency ordinances a constitutional conflict between institutions . 
  - psd + alde = current corrupt government - they have politicians who are on trial for corruption and some that are in jail or are waiting to go to jail - they took advantage of echr criticizing romania 's overcrowded prisons to give some pardon and amnesty emergency ordinances that help their politician friends and free a lot of other criminals too - emergency ordinances are given directly by the government and once they 're in the official monitor , they are irreversible , but some measures have a 10 day limit to be applied so we still hope the superior council of magistracy declares these eos a constitutional conflict between country 's institutions . 
  - they did it last night in secret and quickly left . 
  12.000 people protested just in bucharest after they found out and others protested in major cities . 
  protest ended at around 3am , but will continue today from 9am until , i hope , we will get snap elections . 
  it might takes us a while ... 
  the biggest opposition party might resign from the parliament in an effort to maybe make snap elections happen . 
  #as our president said ... this is a day of mourning . 
  i imagine we can if we want , but emergency ordinances have immediate effect once they are posted in the official monitor . 
  so what they did is basically irreversible . 
  our president called this a day of mourning for romania . 
  government passed amnesty and pardon emergency ordinances today at their 19:00 meeting . 
  without it being even on the schedule . 
  they did it at night , they did it in secret , only announcing it in post meeting declarations . 
  many in psd and alde have corrupt politicians . 
  with these bills , they can save politicians who are in jail , politicians who have judiciary processes and a big number of criminals . 
  they basically destroyed years of our anti corruption fight overnight . 
  i ca n't go now and be with the people in the victoria square , but tomorrow morning i 'm there . 
  i hope we will not leave until they leave . 
  the most disgusting politicians at least ceausescu said loud and clear that he 's a communist ... 
  these cockroaches ? 
  the worst type of people . 
   the party describes itself as `` a principled , conservative and radically patriotic christian party '' , whose `` fundamental purpose '' is the protection of `` hungarian values and interests . '', 
  except they 're not far right extremists or religious or anti eu .
