  serbia because we mostly ignore each other . 
  it 's all eastern banter , really . 
  when we say our geographical positions sucks it means that the east was always ground for war and bad things so yeah . . 
  it 's because we had one of the worst geographical positions ever . 
  if we were closer to our latin bros , things would be different . 
   bulgarian 1st of march traditions celebrations of march 1st date back to the romans and one theory says it all started in rome . 
  albanians , italians and greeks celebrate it too . 
   bulgarian new years ' even monsters what the hell does that even mean ? 
   look up serbian dances . 
  look up serbian cuisine . 
  like what ? 
  look man , obviously there was a slavic influence since we 're surrounded by them , but that does not makes us slavs . 
  switch italy 's geographical position for ours and it would have been the same , but i would not call them slavs . 
  you can identify as a slav for all i care , i do n't and there are many like me . 
  if the eu keeps up this shit , no wonder countries like poland do n't give a fuck about its rules . 
  ay ... would you look at that mess . 
  the person who did this map insulted me by insulting the irish like that . 
  lol the map is mediocre tho . 
  yeah , but they have the same goal . 
  lol , where the hell do you pull these numbers from ? 
  max 30 % probably . 
  more like 15 % . 
  i do n't identify as slavic at all . 
  that moment when even hungarians are tired of hungarians complaining . 
  lol, 
  what 's that division in romania ? 
  only the sz\u00e9kelys have a movement for * autonomy * not secession . 
  that 's the only region that could ever be autonomous because that 's the only place where they have majority . 
  the rest is bollocks . 
  it 's a curious thing you 're so proud of your french identity and enjoy pissing on romania seeing as you moved to france from romania . 
   a 3rd law was discussed about the conflict of interest meaning : i can hire my own family to work for me or anyone at all with other more limitations being taken that 's not really what 's said . 
  it 's about politicians hiring personal consultants that they 've worked with before . 
  not sure if it 's a slipper slope tho , but the general prosecutor said it 's alright . 
  source : digi24, 
  there are far more french people in the uk than romanians . 
  excuses , excuses . 
  has the turn out ever been significantly higher ? 
   if you love something , participate . 
  if not , two speeds it will be . 
   you 're not in charge of anything so you ca n't say that seriously . 
  cause france , a founding member , is doing oh so great with that turnout . 
   whats wrong with being eastern european ? 
  nothing . 
   a two speed eu can not come fast enough . 
  why do you take your anger out on everyone else because a polish dude went full retard ? 
  you 're always so bitter , i can not understand it . 
  aww . 
  you showed us . 
  well , apparently , as the danish person below pointed out , forbidding just refugees to marry this young could be a violation of rights :  last february , the danish integration minister announced couples seeking asylum in the country would be separated if one of them was below the age of 18 , following media reports that female asylum seekers as young as 14 were entering the country married to men who were ten or more years their senior . 
   however , the legislation was reversed seven months later , and couples were reunited after the danish immigration service was forced to acknowledge that the policy was likely a violation of the asylum seekers ' rights . 
  it 's stupid . 
  i did n't want to sound aggressive so i just said it 's not okay . 
  in my honest opinion this thing should not be considered part of culture , but a violation of children 's rights . 
  they ca n't vote , but apparently they can marry and have babies . 
  have them work and pay taxes too while we 're at it . 
  it 's outrageous and trying to ban child marriages should not be a `` violation '' of rights or whatever . 
  it 's common sense . 
  that 's good . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think that 's okay . 
  swedes , is this legit ? 
  the european parliament has supported our ( ro and bg ) integration in schengen , but the netherlands , germany and finland opposed it in the council of ministers . 
  why are you shocked for poles , but not for romanians ? 
  we 're eu citizens too , we 're not inferior ... 
  holy shit . 
  poland , what the hell ? 
  the end is near . 
  well , we 've wanted to join schengen for a while now and criteria has been met , but i think the dutch especially will never allow that . 
  ep supported us , but ce had a `` lack of consensus '' with the netherlands , germany and finland being against it . 
  we are that , but not officially . 
  officially could mean losing voting rights on certain subjects and getting the cold shoulder if you 're not a full member . 
  true . 
  it 's a nice atmosphere . 
  yeah , we are n't ... 
  i wonder if you , as a dutch , can guess why . 
  man , if russia was a normal democratic country and they 'd enter the eu we 'd be unstoppable . 
  fantasy , i know . 
  there 's an article every few hours either saying she 'll be the next president or that she will not be the next president . 
  it gets irritating . 
  no one knows , but most french people here , who have the most insight , say she will lose in the 2nd round . 
  some opinion polls show that too . 
  that does n't mean it 's written in stone , of course , but we should stop losing our shit over predictions because `` look what happened the last time '' . 
  well , that nipples will keep the americans away . 
  more representation !, 
   hungary and romania ? 
  a question mark ... oh boy . 
  lol, 
  yeah , we did alright for a while as opposed to poland and hungary who should know better . 
  i can understand your reasoning . . the only question that remains is how will romania ( the people and the politicians ) react to a official two speed eu where even voting rights may be restricted ? 
  will that motivate us or will our politicians just slowly and secretly sell us to the far east ? 
  knowing them , i ca n't take that out of discussion . 
  all i 'm saying is that i do n't want this new approach to really send us on our path back to the 90s . 
  yeah , i understand that , i am fed up with it myself , but i hope geopolitical interests are enough to keep us on the right track . 
  i agree that exceptions should n't be done . 
  i do n't know what 's hungary 's case , but i know that with denmark is all about keeping them in . 
   i think ee has to wake up with what they want from the world . 
  because right now , they 're largely clueless , following either the us , russia or germany 's lead . 
  yeah , but look at our country . 
  look at what they did with eu 's pressure on their backs .
