  it was n't supposed to be fair exactly . 
  also , they could n't exactly pin point how to divide the territory considering the mixed population . 
  several demographers ( david w. paul , peter hanak , l\u00e1szl\u00f3 katus ) state that the outcome of the census is reasonably accurate ( assuming that it is also properly interpreted ) , others believe that the 1910 census was manipulated by exaggerating the percentage of the speakers of hungarian , pointing to the discrepancy between an improbably high growth of the hungarian-speaking population and the decrease of percentual participation of speakers of other languages due to magyarization in the kingdom in the late 19th century . 
  on december 1 , 1918 ( november 18 old style ) , the national assembly of romanians of transylvania and hungary , consisting of 1,228 elected representatives of the romanians in transylvania , banat , cri\u015fana and maramure\u015f , convened in alba iulia and decreed ( by unanimous vote ) `` the unification of those romanians and of all the territories inhabited by them with romania . 
  they did n't technically lose , there was a romanian majority under foreign leaders . 
  they chose to join romania . 
  ah , the guy who compared the eu to the soviet union and said he helped bring down the su and that maybe we need a little taming too . 
  he can fuck off . 
  no surprise here . 
  slightly more positive , still the last . 
  would you like to join romania ? 
  yes yes, 
  the rabbit one is n't used in english ? 
  damn , my bad . 
  haha . 
  way to trigger some * moldovans . 
  well the reasons why they did n't join us are many , but it comes down to moldovan politicians , not a clear majority in favor of unification and moldova 's problem with gagauzia and transnistria , and how russia has it 's nose deep in that . 
  just kidding , there 's nor moldova , just east romania . 
  fuck you , russia . 
  moldova is not a real country . 
  it 's fake . 
  it does n't exist . 
  it 's like finland . 
  it 's tradition to pay for moldovans . 
  he 's not getting in the way , he 's stopping them from legalizing corruption . 
  he told them to govern ( although some protesters called for snap elections ) , but govern with responsibility and transparency . 
  gon na answer this even if romania is barely balkan . 
  during the protests , some protesters yelled at the politicians in sdp/alde `` putin should come and take you to russia '' . 
  it rhymes in romanian . 
   s\u0103 vin\u0103 putin s\u0103 v\u0103 ia  s\u0103 v\u0103 duc\u0103-n rusia i do n't know what 's the real risk with us . 
  i actually read an article on this . 
  russia can not influence us directly because there 's a strong anti-russian sentiment here ( even our communist dictator wanted to get away from soviet influence ) and too few people would believe russian media . 
  but they can influence us by fueling anti eu propaganda and with fake or distorted news from seemingly unrelated ( to russia ) media . 
  sure , most people would not fall for it , we quite like the eu , but it 's still a threat i do n't like . 
  of course you would , you 're german !, 
  i 'm kidding !, 
  well , he 's killing two birds with one stone : fighting sdp/alde corruption ( which is a fight i believe he really stands for even though some people say he only does it for electoral purposes ) and gaining electoral points for the next mandate . 
  there 's nothing wrong with wanting to gain political points as long as you believe in what you 're doing and in my opinion he does . 
  if no better candidate shows up and he 's running for president again , he has my vote . 
  a famous romanian journalist criticized him for not addressing the sdp protesters because they 're people of this country too and if they feel ignored , they 'll get angrier . 
  i agree , he could have said something , but meh . 
  what 's done is done . 
  he 's not without fault . 
  and yes , some sdp voters ( max . 
  4000 and gathered from all around the country by sdp ) came to protest in front of cotroceni palace to support the sdp government and yell `` down with johannis . '', 
  what 's the most annoying thing is that some people ca n't criticize iohannis without mocking his german ethnicity . 
  after the sdp/alde members walked out of the parliament during his speech , a sdp member said : `` he 's not my president . 
  i did n't vote for him . 
  he came from germany and he 's ruining romania . '', 
  like what the hell ? 
  he was born here and he 's from the region with a big number of ethnic germans who have been here since the xii century . 
  but that 's sdp for you . 
  stupid , xenophobic propaganda to win votes . 
  but only when it suits them obviously because when they campaigned , they kept yelling `` we will not sell our country to foreigners like klaus * werner * iohannis and dacian * julien * ciolos ( former technocrat pm ) '' , but then their first proposition for pm was a romanian muslim woman named sevil shhaideh . 
  not that i had anything against that , but the hypocrisy is amazing . 
  and when journalists tried to ask about this , they almost had a seizure , `` please , be respectful !, 
  mrs. shhaideh is a romanian citizen . 
  how dare you ? '', 
  just a glimpse in romanian politics . 
  in theory . 
  in practice ? 
  not so much . 
  nothing i said is n't true though . 
  we will . 
  i only wish we had a warmer weather . 
  i have quite the cold from protesting so much . 
  some days were warmer , but spending hours in front of the government takes a toll on you . 
  somehow , most protests happen in winter here . 
  yep , exactly . 
  well , i mean , mcdonalds did give me some free tea today ... 
  it must be true !, 
   it 's like these pms are entitled to their corrupt ways and even feel insulted when called on it . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  they replied everything with : - we are the legitimate government . 
  the people voted for us . 
  - the procedures were absolutely legal . 
  - klaus iohannis is trying to cut romania in two . 
  - they say they respect protesters , but called us cretins , nazis , animals , stupid , etc. 
  - they say they want to communicate to solve the problem and that that people should respect the vote they got , but sdp/alde members walk out of the parliament when klaus iohannis , a man who was voted by many more people , a man who represents our voice , holds a speech . 
  - they call our president a german who 's not a true romanian . 
  which is quite xenophobic and stupid . 
  - someone from their own party is n't okay with what they 're doing ? 
  the president has infiltrated people in the party !, 
  hehe . 
  the meme war . 
  peaceful protests should be a rule until there 's no other option left and the situation is really dire . 
  otherwise , politicians will just exploit violence to call people `` anarchists '' and what not , and dismiss their message . 
  absolutely . 
  they have no limits and no shame . 
  it is fair to say that you ca n't trust them with anything . 
  usr ( save romania union ) is a new party ( originally established in 2015 under the name save bucharest union when they took part in local elections , but changing their name to save romania union in 2016 in preparation for parliamentary elections , where they were the 3rd most voted party ) that is corruption free for now . 
  pnl ( national liberals ) have some corruption problems but they are nowhere near sdp 's level . 
  they are supportive of the anti corruption fight and they are slowly evolving . 
  thank you !, 
  hope they 'll settle down eventually . 
  juncker warned them/us again . 
  there 's not a strong anti eu movement . 
  there are some anti eu people , but they 're a very small minority . 
  the only anti eu party did not make it to parliament because they got below 5 % of the votes . 
  the growth of this minority certainly depends on if and how this anti eu rethoric is sold to people .
