  they 're still pushing for these measures after two massive protests . 
  it depends how you look at it . 
  yeah , it 's a cliche message copied from the internet , but there 's been quite a few protests against corruption and against psd in the last few years . 
  big protests . 
  one has to wonder ... how low can psd go ? 
  do they have no limit ? 
  you could also say : `` well , they get voted in , right ? '', 
  and yes , that is a problem , especially when only 40 % of the population voted in recent parliamentary elections , but as a ordinary citizen , you ca n't do much than share your view with your friends , on your social media and try to bring awareness . 
  you ca n't force people . 
  this is an issue that will be solved through education . 
  problem is ... psd has always had either the parliament or the parliament and the government and it 's not in their interest for people to be educated . 
  not to mention their propaganda channel , antena3 , is the most watched television channel in romania . 
  ah , eastern europeans , always the problem . 
  / s if it 's true , it 's quite insulting , especially in an europe who opened its arms to refugees and economic migrants from outside of the eu . 
  i did n't know fanta was german . 
  i agree . 
  we do n't need to become better at the expense of others , we need to become better by actually working together towards a good goal . 
   there is no we . 
  some european nations have been under the supremacy of other european nations until very recently . 
  exactly , but op 's french and he does n't have that perspective . 
  supremacy also sounds a bit ... creepy . 
  we ( eu ) may be better than others in a lot of ways ( healthcare , etc. 
  ) , but the use of the word `` supremacy '' is too much . 
  the germans will be alright . 
  correction : last image is from cluj-napoca . 
  i apparently ca n't edit the description anymore , i do n't know why . 
  probably because i do n't have a imgur account . 
  by `` tearing into '' hollande and merkel , i mean that i would n't have expected for her to talk like that to them , especially to merkel who 's a foreign leader . 
  it has appeal for right wingers , as i said . 
  and i heard hollande is n't very popular among the citizens of france anymore . 
  i know the news were saying this during the big protests . 
  thanks for the better perspective . 
  honestly , although i do not agree with her in the slightest , she had quite some charisma ( for right wingers ) [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/cz4ajgpwpvk?t=10 ) . 
  i was like o.o through the whole thing as she tore into hollande and merkel . 
  well , you have to remember that among the 2m are also : - children - psd/alde voters - really old people who ca n't or do n't want to protest , whether they agree or disagree . 
  - homeless , who have special circumstances, 
  yes , they can pass it before the referendum . 
   cant the president just not approve this pardonne ? 
  he does n't have a say when it comes to emergency ordinances . 
  the eu supports our fight against corruption , but right now , cedo is the biggest player here . 
  - we 're waiting on a referendum over these measures , even if psd tries to push for them despite it . 
  - cedo is supposed to give us a time limit to come up with a plan for our bad prison conditions ( mostly overcrowding ) and then , when we present the measures and they agree ( i think ) , they 'll give us a time limit to implement said measures . 
  it 's really hard for us , for the president and for the opposition to fight against a psd majority in government and parliament who keeps shouting `` the people vote us !!!, 
  some romanians protested over there too . 
  i wonder what people who pass think . 
  hehe, 
  yes , he did , but psd who rules both the parliament and the government is still pushing for it . 
  it 's really a mess . 
  and mashed fruits and vegetables . 
  i just got home 20 minutes ago . 
  #congrats to everyone who was there !, 
   obligation not an obligation . 
  important and logical action ? 
  yes . 
  obligation ? 
  a question for you : trump may be dismissive of this , but you do not realize that it is in us 's interest for europe to be stable ? 
  to not fall in russia 's arms ? 
  this is not a kind gesture , this is interest . 
  while i agree with the first part of your comment , i 've never heard them `` rallying against immigration '' . 
  well , why do n't you kick us out then ? 
  remake the treaties so that you can . 
  we 're just second hand countries after all , are n't we ? 
  we do n't share your values , we 've weakened the strong eu , etc. 
  that 's such an insulting comment , i do n't even know how else to take it . 
  we did fulfill the criteria years ago . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we even paid lots of money on all the equipment we needed for it , but the netherlands is blocking us constantly . 
  there are other countries too , but tn seems very keen to keep us out . 
  schengen is about the movement of goods and less about the movement of the people , which we already have . 
  if uk develops a good majority in favor of the eu , who wants the uk to be committed to the eu , then yeah , of course . 
  but joining eu again soon is n't the solution , even if in a year it could be 50,1 % for eu . 
  well , uk already had that . 
  it did n't work for them . . 
  they chose to end it , even with the opt outs . 
  why would we try a second time ? 
  we also ca n't have uk come in and then go out and then come in and then out and in and out ... 
  it 's not okay . 
   and schengen . 
  apparently the eu does n't care about certain countries meeting the criteria for schengen for years now ... 
  some countries get opt outs , others get a pat on the back . 
   even with opt-outs is obviously better for the eu no it 's not . 
  either integrate or stay out . 
  no reason to half ass things . 
  we know where it leads . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  since 2012 , we have n't had a really violent protest , and at the colectiv protests ( 2015 ) there were around 50.000 people in bucharest alone . 
  that 's when our government resigned and that was a psd government too . 
  the pm back then later admitted that he was afraid of a protest similar to ukraine 's maidan . 
  but we 're not sure that was the real reason . 
  but now the stakes are higher for them so the best we could hope is that they back down from these measures . 
  if they 'll try to get aggressive , i imagine even more people will take to the streets . 
  we usually protest peacefully so the message would n't be diverted or so they would n't have a reason to call us anarchists or something . 
  it 's been harder to stop the propaganda lately though . 
  the most watched television channel antena3 is rolling out psd propaganda like no tomorrow . 
  they were calling our protest last sunday a `` coup d'etat '' . 
  and there 's another channel that does the same , but worse . 
  they were saying how we were paid , how we were paid to bring dogs and look all scary ( some people brought their dogs to the march because why not ? ) . 
  our president and the opposition is supporting us , but that does n't mean we 're paid by them to protest . 
  yes , they will try . 
  they said they 're not backing down although the president will organize a referendum .
