  most of them in usr are hipsters who used to work for ngos or former technocrats and their biggest problem was that their rhetoric limited their audience to the urban youth . 
  some of their goals were : full transparency in politics , education reform , 6 % of the gdp to healthcare , environment protection , building infrastructure with eu 's help , support for small farmers , cooperation with the eu & nato and support for ukraine and moldova . 
  they also supported out ex pm dacian ciolos to remain in charge and continue as a technocratic ( apolitical ) pm , as opposed to the liberals who wanted him to be part of their group more or less . 
  haha . 
  boris johnson said that if the queen met nicolae ceausescu , romania 's communist leader , she can meet donald trump as well . 
  my bad . 
  but yeah , point stands . 
  so is there really not a more liberal alternative to orban ? 
  or someone who wants to enter politics that has the public 's support ? 
  yeah , he does seem like the kind of guy that 's stubborn beyond belief . 
  and 170k is a lot for a country that is hungary 's size so like ... what is he thinking ? 
  i mean , ours was stubborn too and i was really shocked when it happened . 
  i remember i was still in uni back then and my mom called so i excused myself to go outside . 
  when she told me that the pm resigned , my first reaction was `` you 're lying '' . 
  i 've never thought that cockroach would ever give up the seat he took . 
  he later said he was afraid of protests similar to maidan , but i think there was pressure from his own party to resign as to not affect the image any further . 
  i think the way to get the undecided and the disinterested to vote , besides some form of education in schools , is to do a lot of research in what does interest them in the least and what they care about and then try to get your message in their little bubble as deep as you can . 
  this , however , takes a lot of time and a lot of work and results are not always immediate , but you have to persevere . 
   btw , that last fact is what i suspect broke orban from his 1990 self to who we know today . 
  after seeing what the mszp got away with , and what they could have if they kept silent , it 's not hard to see why he governs like he does . 
  going to need some context for this because i 'm not that informed about orban . 
  all i know is that he 's trying to play both the eu and russia and that 's not to my taste at all . 
  the fact that many hungarians say there 's no better alternative is disheartening . 
  yes , but last time we protested the government resigned and we had the best post 1989 pm . 
   you need a cohesive system of spreading a message and giving out information , and that 's a public relations battle , not a series of `` look at me '' moments . 
  you ca n't create that system without any influence or power . 
  and money . 
  and mind you , what you said right there would go just as well with basic education . 
  there is no such thing here . 
  people do n't even know the roles of certain positions , let alone who to choose or on what principles to choose who you vote for . 
  there is no culture that says `` your vote matters , you should care about politics '' . 
  in many western countries , voting was mandatory up to a point , and it was n't just a communist charade like it was for our country . 
  that culture of voting stayed with them which is why they have 80-90 % presence at the vote . 
   also , the `` maximum turnout '' people are equally confused . 
  you want the maximum turnout for people you 've managed to engage , for your supporters . 
  not for everyone . 
  you try to get maximum turnout for everyone , and you get people who 's only knowledge of politics is based on a 10 minute conversation with their friend or daughter beforehand . 
  great if you have a simple message , or a shiny face , bad for everyone else . 
  these uninformed people are already voting . 
  it 's mostly the rest ( young and undecided or disinterested ) that is n't . 
  i 'd like a bigger presence in general , not just people who think like me , because the concept of winning elections with 46 % of the votes at a 40 % presence is so unrepresentative that you can barely call it democratic . 
  thing is . . people do have power . 
  they have more power than they think in their relationship with politics . 
  all they have to do is learn what 's right from wrong and act . 
  never let bad politicians get away with anything . 
  well , i mean , you ca n't force people to vote . 
  you can tell them to vote , why they should vote , what they should think about when they vote , but you can not physically force them . 
  maybe we should have a harsher version of belgium 's laws about voting . 
  and some education about these things . 
  i do n't think it 's pointless to spread awareness , especially with antena3 being our most watched tv channel . 
  this is what russia means . 
  this constant aggression is what russia 's about . 
  well ... we got lucky when we took down the government in 2015 because we had a romanian eu commissioner as a pm and he showed us how things should be done in this country . 
  this lasted only a year because of new parliamentary elections . 
  even if people fucked up those elections too with the low presence and psd winning , you see more and more people motivated to protest bad things and spread awareness because they could see from our technocrat government that things can be done in other ways too . 
  last sunday we had the biggest protest ever since the romanian revolution in 1989 . 
  ~ ~ dacian ciolos 2016 never forget ~ ~, 
  this is just ... no words . 
  it depends . 
  in romania , a party that was founded just for a year or maybe less , managed to get the enough votes in our recent parliamentary elections to make them the 3rd party in romania by number of votes . 
  they campaigned with the whole `` anti corruption '' idea and they were openly hostile to all the other parties , even if our liberals tried to get them on their side . 
  they have no defined ideology , they are centrist . 
   donated by some russian foundation last time russia tried to donate something to us , we said * hahaha no * . 
  - 9th biggest country in europe . 
  - krakow is quite beautiful . 
  - like with romania , their geographical position can be unfortunate . 
  - they are sensitive to people saying `` polish death camps '' because it makes other people think those camps were made by the polish , which was a propaganda narrative pushed by the nazis . 
  - they marry very young . 
  - german architecture in some parts of the country . 
  looks great . 
  - irena sendler who saved many jewish children in occupied poland . 
  - polish resistance in wwii was amazing . 
  - can not into space . 
  - poles are hard working people . 
  - they are catholic slavs . 
  they 've declared jesus christ their king ( well , not really , but it was funny ) and have a quite bad statue of him . 
  - their country had very bad luck throughout history . 
  - i think they have name days just like us , but i 'm not sure ... - their governing party is a populist party who wanted a total ban on abortion , tried to censor the press in some ways and tries to destabilize their judicial system . 
  - romania safeguarded their treasury and helped them a lot in wwii . 
  - they are better friends with hungary now though ... :'(, 
  well , i mean , it 's not easy for us either . 
  we 're always blamed and a lot of times unfairly . 
  if one can not see that then they are biased . 
  we appreciate the help from the eu , we do , but we also give back to the eu , even if the average joe has no idea about this . 
  it is insulting to always be treated like second hand people . 
  i do n't really know about austria 's employment problems , but you have to wonder ... if the process of hiring someone is fair in austria ( no black market jobs , not paying immigrants less than locals , skills first nationality second , etc. 
  ) , why is unemployment a problem ? 
  also ... 
  i 'm sure that besides refugees , austria got a handful of economic migrants from outside of the eu . 
  by logic , economic migrants from inside the eu should have priority as per their rights ... you have to know to our government even offered financial support for those returning to romania , but you ca n't force people ... not when they have the right to move freely between countries and work in other countries . 
  we were accused by the european court for human rights that our prisons are overcrowded and that this creates bad conditions for the prisoners . 
  some prisoners have also sued the state and won at the echr . 
  we 're supposed to fix it . 
  echr said they 'll give us a time limit to come up with solutions and a time limit to implement these solutions . 
  our parliament and our government are currently held by the most corrupt party , psd . 
  they saw this as a chance to escape justice ( for those who have a judicial process going on and for their friends who are in jail ) through two emergency ordinances . 
  one is a pardon bill and another contains changes to our penal code , a form of amnesty . 
  some people , our president and the opposition are against this for obvious reasons . 
  the president is preparing a referendum on these measures because he knows that psd is trying to be sneaky . 
  psd is trying to ignore us and the idea of the referendum while their two propaganda channels , antena3 and romaniatv , are painting the protests as a `` coup d'etat against the legitimate government '' .
