  if the eu decides `` fuck it i 'm tired to watch over you '' which i kinda understand , but ca n't help to wish otherwise , we 'll be pretty much doomed . 
  some of us try to do our part to make it all better , but it 's all going too slow . 
  so if they make this other treaty ... what 's their goal with ee ? 
  ignore it ? 
  this is like having a class of kids and only working with the super smart ones . 
  you 're assuming there really is no interest in keeping ee in . 
  i beg to differ . 
  well that would suck . 
  are they going to keep making these treaties until only 5 countries or so are left in the vip zone ? 
  what is this ? 
  and we all know how fair schengen turned out to be . 
  yes , i know , but i do n't even share my hairbrush ... 
  i do n't know , i just do n't like that idea at all . 
  this . 
  you ca n't make changes like these without a treaty change and you ca n't make a treaty change without consent of all involved and i do n't see that happening . 
   actually , no . 
  i guess it depends on the family but one is enough . 
  if you keep everything clean , towels do n't get dirty , they are usually changed after a week more or less . 
  it depends how much you use it ahah one towel for everyone ? 
  the horror ... 
  an official two speed eu who limits voting rights is something ee will not agree to , especially if we 're talking of military . 
  and if ee has no choice , the eu might become quite unpopular in some parts . 
  i understand some countries want to do things not every country is prepared for , but this is diving the eu . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
   continue as before , with `` coalitions of the willing '' in certain areas ( defense etc ) . 
  this seems interesting for now although i 'm a bit afraid that it also means the two way speed eu would be even more visible and it would upset certain countries . 
  like i said some times ago , some countries need a nudge in the right direction . 
  i imagine most people that like the eu feel like we ca n't not change something , but we ca n't go full federation either . 
  i 'm sure he knows what gum is . 
  as someone else pointed out , drinking a glass of beer or wine is a cultural thing in many countries . 
  afaik he never appeared drunk enough that he would n't be able to think critically and act as he should . 
  yes , there 's some fooling around , but i do n't find it inappropriate . 
  we 're a bit laid back here in europe unlike in russia . 
  one theory is this :  in ancient rome , new year 's eve was celebrated on march 1 -- ` martius ' -- as the month was called in honor of the god mars . 
  mars was the god of war and an agricultural guardian , who ensured nature 's rebirth . 
  therefore , the red and white colors of m\u0103r\u021bi\u0219or may be explained as colors of war and peace . 
  happy spring holiday !, 
  yeah , i do n't know . 
  never eaten milka outside of romania , but that 's what the initial article on this subject said . 
  if it 's not true , that 's too bad . 
  i liked to think that i can go on buying from a company that respects the eastern market as well . 
  i like milka and apparently they 're the only ones who keep the same taste and quality all over . 
  haha . 
  the only true child of the roman empire !!, 
  yeah , we know that rhetoric all too well unfortunately . 
  ** una in diversitate **, 
  the emergency ordinance was revoked , but people want : - the government to resign . 
  - to show politicians that they just ca n't spout anti eu propaganda because the eu wo n't leave the alone to steal and be corrupt . 
  i just left . 
  it was awesome !, 
  it 's kind of ironic since wine is responsible for killing a few boners . 
  oh man , look at alcoholic romania . 
  more so than all our slavic neighbours . 
  jesus , i am so sick of him . 
  he keeps throwing shit at europe . 
  i 've said it before and i 'm saying it now : he 's not a friend to the american people , let alone to europe . 
  he 's a fucking imbecile with no sense of diplomacy . 
  i hope it comes back to bite him . 
  with friends like that , who needs enemies ? 
  yeah , you do that and we 'll see which will do better in the end . 
  good thing that , you know , you 're not a politician . 
  good for you , slovenia !, 
  we just had a law project for civil partnership here , but it failed unfortunately . 
  it was really disheartening for me , especially since we have a stupid referendum coming up . 
  maybe one day people will stop being so selfish here . 
  cereal does n't mean just breakfast cereal . 
  there 's loads of things made from cereals . 
  are you cereal ? 
  lol ~ ~ we 're now the americans of europe ~ ~, 
  eu is first anyway . 
  it 's the truth . 
  germany , france and spain wo n't even spend 2 % on nato and you 're talking about uniting their armies . 
  it 's because the pressure the eu puts on the `` rebel '' countries to commit to certain eu objectives is important as many of these `` rebel '' countries are `` rebel '' because they have generally incapable politicians . 
  for example , in romania , that pressure stirs them in the right direction . 
  if the eu leaves us to our devices and expects us to catch up without said pressure , we might catch up , but it 'll take longer , or we might go down . 
  ~ ~ i 'm still mad at the eu for schengen though . 
  just let us in . 
  you 're being unfair . 
  we met the criteria . 
  this feels like we 're uk trying to get in the eu and eu is france . ~ ~, 
  uk , your child is on the loose . 
  well , that did n't take long . 
   i wo n't even try . 
  that 's good , i guess . 
  glad it is n't spreading . 
  hmm ... 
  i do n't mind being proven wrong about that since it 's obviously not a good thing to miss the times you colonized half the world . 
  - they have some nice tv shows . 
  - their queen is a reptilian and part of the illuminati . 
  - there 's some sort of arrogance they have towards continentals . 
  - they miss their empire days . 
  - they like tea . 
  i like tea . 
  i can agree with them on that . 
  - they drink a lot . 
  their football fans sometimes come here and they 're always very loud . 
  - lots of culture and history . 
  - they do n't like us very much , their media even less . 
  criminals !!,
