  maybe accept and mozaiq already have the idea . 
  thank you very much for the answers !, 
  super glad you took the time . 
  thing is ... people do n't want to fight for lgbt rights or any other rights when theirs are n't affected . 
  we 're willing to come out and protest for something bad that affects us all , but are we willing to take a stand when a fellow citizen is not treated the same as us ? 
  we should be with them when they need us because an injustice towards a group of people is an injustice towards us all . 
  i think lgbt people are members of the society and they deserve representation too . 
  yeah , sure , it may not be the best moment now , but we should not dismiss these people either . 
  ama ended at 19:15 : /, 
  yeah , we get that , we 're just giving feedback here , do n't worry . 
  i do hope you * never * allow a nationalistic rhetoric , even in times when europe deals with problems . 
  already tariceanu makes anti eu comments , which is very surprising to the people here because alde is a pro european party in the ep . 
  this . 
  like what would the society accept under the `` fight corruption '' umbrella ? 
  they can be clean in terms of corruption , but there are other dangers here too . 
   for the toxic ones there is no reason and means to attend . 
  nd was at antena3 quite a few times . 
  more times than our previous pm , dacian ciolos ( bless his patience ) . 
  that 's a pretty low bar in western europe where these things are n't the main issues of their society . 
  also , there will come a time when people will stop voting simply for `` anti corruption '' because it will not be an issue anymore . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm taking my case ... 
  i 'm more liberal than anything and while i appreciate what usr does , i also have principles i care about beyond the anti corruption fight . 
  i 'd really like someone to represent those principles . 
  i think the same goes for other people leaning other ways . 
  it does sound a bit nationalistic . 
  it 's a name far right parties in europe ( fn , afd , etc. ), 
  would like . 
  but you do n't seem to have an ideology yet so i do n't know what other options there are for you when it comes to names . 
  you should probably focus on an ideology or split up in two parties in the near future . 
  i think op just wishes usr would get better and better results so social democrats would not get a chance to govern again . 
  20 % is also what national liberals got in the parliamentary elections , while usr got 9 % . 
  national liberals and usr are both in opposition with sdp . 
   more than 20 % ? 
  that 's a little extreme . 
  that 's more than double the people that voted or them . 
  i 'm very interested to read the answers to / u/god-bless-this - mess ' questions , but here are some more : 1 . 
  given that you have n't adopted an ideology and that you 've said you have both right and left leaning people in your party , is dividing usr into two parties ( a left one and a right one ) a feasible idea for the future ? 
  while liberal people have certain principles they care for ( lgbt rights , for example , an issue you have n't adopted a stance on because of the political diversity in your party ) , many left leaning people feel like they have no party to represent them due to psd being the only option , but a corrupt one . 
  people have different priorities . 
  for example , for some people , bigger salaries and pensions , as well as smaller taxes , matter beyond principles , which makes them vote for psd . 
  psd , however , uses populism and butchers the budget to do these things . 
  do you have a plan to make your party attractive to psd voters without falling into a populist narrative ? 
  we need to understand that bigger salaries and pensions are n't necessarily bad things if we have a good management plan . 
  what 's bad is the way psd does things , where they usually make irresponsible choices regarding the budget to gain votes . 
  i think you can remember when calin popescu tariceanu judged the eu for the imposed deficit limit . 
  what 's the party 's stance on decriminalizing soft drugs and prostitution ? 
  what is the party 's opinion on the anti eu stance that calin popescu tariceanu , leader of alde , has adopted recently ? 
  how does usr see our relationship with eu and nato , especially in this complicated geopolitical context ? 
  what 's the probability of the parliament rejecting oug14 ? 
  edit : come on guys , we want our questions answered too . 
  do-bro-tits-a loool, 
  they currently do n't have that desire anymore . 
  hungarians on the other hand ... 
  i 'd also like to add that there is a clear cultural connection between latin countries , including ours , this far in the east . 
  it was n't like that . 
  yes , some words change , but overall `` the purge '' failed because it is n't as easy as it sounds . 
  it was not half slavic . 
  it 's dobrogea . 
  ayyyyyy, 
  thirteen . 
  you can , i 'm sure that at these protests no one would tell you off , but people do n't have the mentality that burning the flag = disrespecting the government so they do n't do it . 
  besides , i think eu regulations make it impossible for a flag to burn . 
  there 's red there alright . 
  some volunteers gave people colored sheets of paper during the protest . 
  there was already an event on facebook about this . 
  at 9pm everyone raised and lightened them up with their phones . 
  we also have a projection on a building which sends messages so people can coordinate ( telling us how much left before we raise the papers ) . 
  only if the parliament is dissolved . 
  which wo n't happen . 
  well , to me , he is ignorant after saying that romania 's like russia . 
  it 's your problem who you think he is , i was just giving a fair warning . 
  do n't mind him , he thinks romania is russia , he mentioned it in another thread . 
  actually it 's not different . 
  unlike the west , we are legally allowed to destroy our flag in public . 
  a lot of western countries have laws banning that . 
  but the flag waving here is different . 
  when communism fell , the hole in our flag was a symbol of removing communism from the country . 
  so it 's not like the us where they try to destroy the country 's symbols to show disapproval with the government , we protect the symbols from the government . 
  yeah , that would send a message to tariceanu . 
  as a side note , i saw someone waving slovenia 's flag this time . 
  we did n't win anything yet . 
  sure , the emergency ordinance was repealed , but there are still ways they can implement it . 
  it 's in the parliament 's hands now . 
  fuck what they think . 
  it was so cold , but that was worth it !, 
  how - you - i thought we were family ... 
  i 'd fight you on this , but you 'd surrender in no time . 
  you have been banned from / r/romania . 
  romanians look like italians . 
  do you want to go , m8 ? 
  meet me behind the blocks in 2 . 
  i 'll show you slavic !!!, 
  but tbh that has no basis . 
  we ai n't slavic . 
  have some slavic words and some people are obviously mixed , but we 're not slavic . 
  who 's the most pro eu mod and is it / u/jtalin ? 
  why do n't we hold it in bosnia on june 28 ? 
  nah , man , it did n't pass . 
  yet .
