  edit : i misheard him . 
  [ the ultimate sas . 
  he 's definitely a good guy . 
  he 's a former eu commissioner for agriculture and he was a pm for one year in 2016 when our government fell due to protests . 
  he led a technocratic interim government until elections took place . 
  he supports the fight against corruption , transparency , less bureaucracy , environment protection and has generally good and modern measures he wants to implement . 
  two romanian parties supported him as a pm in the parliamentary elections we had last year , but unfortunately , as it happens a lot , social democrats won . 
  initially he said he 'd creat an ngo , but now it looks like there 's a chance he might create his own political party which sounds great for some of us . 
  you know how people get @ schultz ? 
  we get like that @ ciolos . 
  unfortunately for us , that only happens on reddit and reddit is not quite representative . 
  which is why i used `` can have '' rather than `` must have '' . 
  i 'm no expert so i did n't want to say `` must have '' . 
  both simple murderers and terrorists can have some sort of mental illness if they can attack or kill in cold blood ( psychopathy can be one of them ) , but while an agenda ( political , religious , etc. ), 
  is n't a necessity for a murderer , agenda is pretty much mandatory for terrorists . 
  conclusion ? 
  both can definitely be mentally ill and not stating explicitly that a terrorist might be mentally ill means that they assume you can do the mental gymnastics . 
  mentally ill also does not mean you are not aware of your actions or that you should not support the consequences . 
  unless you 're a schizophrenic or something . 
  but glad tumblr 's with us tonight . 
  hope everyone makes it through !, 
  romania had paid all of its debt before communism fell . 
  were we rich enough to do it ? 
  did people have to live in disgusting conditions so the glorious leader could achieve that ? 
  yes . 
  and then came the neocommunists under the `` breakers of chains '' title , an even more disgusting bunch of fellows . 
  hey , look , another reason to hate russians . 
  gib weed sir . 
  indeed . 
  they just keep posting it . 
  nobody in the party agreed and it was rejected very quickly . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but i can tell you about romania . 
  the social democrats were never really publicly anti eu because it was not a popular sentiment . 
  nowadays they keep making anti eu statements while their voters are being fed propaganda about the west at one of the most watched channels in romania . 
  this is one of the reason we made the human eu flag at our recent protests . 
  that 's not to say that these people suddenly become anti eu because a lot of them have a lot of ties within the eu , but it starts a sentiment and it 's obviously risky . 
  eu has grown unpopular in certain eastern countries , but in romania , among the people , eu is still quite popular . 
  problem is that we have corrupt politicians in power and for them eu represents an obstacle in changing laws so they can save their asses or stealing our money ( cause they know not to fuck too much with the eu funds which is why they barely take any ) . 
  if the eu leaves the integration process up to the current leading party ... 
  i ca n't say for sure that they wo n't be happy to fuck it all . 
  it 's a 50/50 chance and many of us see it as a risk we can not afford to take . 
  sure , it does n't , but people eventually get frustrated . 
  eastern europe does relay on nato a lot for defense , but eu is economical and political . 
  some will feel like pulling out . 
  i get supporters of these feel like `` oh , but you 'll be allowed to integrate more if you want to '' , but things are n't as simple as that at all . 
  if the eu plays this two tier eu wrong , some countries may back out because they 'll either get frustrated with the eu or they 'll feel like they 'll always lag back and that the eu does n't care anymore if you 're not in the inner circle and they will leave . 
  and what if they decide to vote on things that affect us , but wo n't let us vote because we 're not at a certain level ? 
  fuck that . 
  i guess we wo n't be very bothered by this since all the rich countries will be in the inner circle . 
  we celebrating by giving gifts . 
  girlfriends , wives , mothers and teachers especially receive them . 
  there 's also some free events like concerts and what not . 
  no , i 'm staying stop trying to ignore the bad . 
  who the fuck even cares about how good was hitler at painting ? 
  the man committed genocide . 
  he could have painted something on the level of mona lisa for all i care , he still remains a disgusting mass murderer . 
   quite a sad thing that recalling the past achievements slowly becomes taboo in modern days . 
  like what ? 
  the soviet union ? 
  the soviet union can kiss our asses . 
   you sound like a nazi apologists . 
  not defending op , but y' all sound like colonial genocide apologists here . 
  `` it was bad , but ... '' . 
  dude ... 
  where are the british dudes that told me the empire was n't popular anymore and that only 90 + year old people liked it ? 
  so the nazis were the heroes all along ? 
  my , my . 
  let 's stop acting as if russians have no choice . 
  many people have fought for liberty from tyrants . 
  sure , it wo n't be easy , but it is achievable . 
  off topic , but this reminded me of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/oux-nfml0ii?t=23 ) . 
  they are a punishment . 
  of course they are . 
  no one pretended otherwise . 
  he 's going to have high approval either way . 
  might as well keep the sanctions . 
  someone pointed out to me that they could go ahead and make another eu . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wxcyc/stop_bashing_the_eu_jeanclaude_juncker_tells/dedm4tx/ ) that they do n't necessarily need a vote on it or a change of treaties . 
   this wo n't happen . 
  france does n't even let us join schengen , do you think we will be accepted into an even more integrated group of countries ? 
  this . 
  those dudes up in the netherlands would rather scratch their eyes out than allow us into schengen even though we met the criteria and the ep voted in support for us ages ago . 
  finland and germany are opposed too . 
  did n't know about france though . 
  the moment an english person starts talking about independence i laugh . 
  absolutely hilarious . 
  independence . 
  that 's weird . 
  ca n't people do both ? 
  yeah , you have a point , but i do n't want them to take us into a position so bad , we wo n't be able to recover from it . 
  do funds matter that much for psd tho ? 
  it 's very hard to steal eu funds without eventually getting caught and they barely ever use them anyway . 
  i think that 's one of the reasons . 
  eu has asked us numerous times to use the goddamn funds . 
  sorry , i did n't know . 
  it 's just people sometimes forget that there were other people killed in the holocaust too . 
  more than 6 million actually . 
  almost 6 million were jews , but the nazis killed other people too : gypsies , slavs , pows , gays , etc. 
  is it now ? 
  i mean , why would this not be a sham and why would they not want to get further away from the eu ?
