  it says you have to login to download the report . 
  the electoral system is invalidating the popular vote , the majority , which does n't seem very democratic , does it ? 
  lmao you ca n't make this shit up . 
  bucharest is n't even on the map ? 
  yes , we 've heard it , we 've heard it . 
  destroy eu , world domination ... anything else we should take notes on ? 
   we were forced into the eu against our will in 1993 . 
  there was a vote on membership . 
  it won with 67 % . 
  no more romania most corrupt country in eu . 
  no more . 
  plus our statistic is probably the most accurate since we have the mcv . 
  how much do they pay for cats ? 
  cats can into world domination . 
  they should listen to cats . 
  call eastern europeans . 
  they have something to tell you about this putin guy . 
  then the eu is n't doing as bad with negotiations as people want us to think . 
  ceta started in 2008 . 
   i think he knows romanian too , his wife is from there . 
  those romanian immigrants , going abroad , marrying presidents !, 
  haha !, 
   marcela topor ( ia\u0219i , romania , 1977 or 1978 ) is a journalist , originally from romania , wife of the president of the catalan government , carles puigdemont . 
  she holds a degree in english philology from the university of bucharest . 
  she met her husband at the international festival of amateur theatre of girona in 1998 , in which she participated as an actress with the ludic theatre company . 
   topor is the editor of catalonia today , an english-language magazine and website based in girona . 
  she also hosts the television programme catalan connections , which features interviews in english with resident foreigners in catalonia , broadcast on the el punt avui tv channel and posted to the catalonia today website . 
   the couple have two daughters . 
  topor speaks catalan , english , spanish , and romanian . 
  the more you know . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  i love how this shit is being upvoted . 
  bravo / r/europe . 
  are you saying the only reason scotland wants out is because of economy or brexit ? 
  they 've wanted out for a long time . 
  well , some of them at least . 
   their conservatives will use that situation against the eu , pushing further the narrative about the eu being the institution behind their failures . 
  ah , yes , the eternal victim . 
  we as in the european union , if it was too hard for you to understand , but carry on with your insults . 
   `` soviets were murderers and rapits '' they were . 
  you 're a lost cause if you defend that . 
  the famous initiation ritual . 
   i can say fairly confidently that britain trying to increase ties with us after brexit will be unlikely to come at the expense of eu ties . 
  well , that sounds good to me . 
  i like a country with integrity . 
   ( and i can keep hoping we get to join the eu somehow at some point ) as long as your spiders and reptiles do n't immigrate here , it 's fine . 
  haha . 
  i agree , but i still do n't think people like le pen do n't know the truth about isolationism . 
  they 're just fighting for the sake of fighting . 
  so our only decent choices are canada , australia and nz ? 
  i do n't know much about them , or if they contributed to evils like that in any way , but you do n't hear bad things about them for most of the time . 
  it 's an opinion based on uk and us statements about `` anglosphere '' . 
   edit : if the eu was a global superpower i think australia would have turned to look to it for its security a while ago australia would prefer the eu over the us ? 
  but as most british people like to remind us , you guys have more in common with them ( uk , us ) than the eu . 
  my bad , you used `` unique '' . 
  why do n't you fit in then ? 
  cause you have n't been invaded in a long time ? 
  cause you 're in good relations with the anglosphere ( and what makes you think the rest of the eu is n't ? ) ? 
  cause you have both history and culture shared with eu and us and somehow the us part is in conflict with the eu part ? 
  so tell me exactly what do you think makes uk incompatible with the eu ? 
  my personal guess would be nationalism , thinking the uk is special , or more important and not being able to get over the imperialistic times . 
  just because you were n't invaded does n't make you strong , but your history of colonization and your country 's relaxed attitude about that period does tell one something about the uk . 
  - some call it a `` fairytale country '' . 
  - beautiful castles and nature . 
  - they have a lot of caves i think . 
  - pretty coast . 
  i think they 're in conflict with croatia over it . 
  - bears . 
  aka , `` we 're special and we do n't fit anywhere other than our own special place '' . 
  that sounds a bit patronizing to me . 
  you have to stop thinking that right wing extremists like le pen and the like really want something good for their country , let alone other countries . 
  truth is , they just want to see the world burn and if they can get some money out of it , they 're more than happy . 
  i have never seen one of these politicians being willing to talk to the eu about what they consider to be problems . 
  they do n't want a solution , they want to gain votes and power by using emotional , hate filled propaganda . 
  sure , but the uk and the us seem to want to get closer , along with canada , australia and new zealand . 
  while i see from the comments that the article may be biased ( cause i 'm not going to read it ) , i will say that no matter what you think about this minority , good or bad , you have to be conscious of the fact that being racist against them will not produce any backlash like it is with other minorities . 
  if you 're racist against them , most of the media and most of the people will not care . 
  sorry for the late reply , i went to sleep . 
   i view accessing eu is a tool for making my country a better place , a place of my ideals . 
  thing is , the eu only has so much influence on the members . 
  for example , the eu did n't influence our educational system a lot . 
  it 's still shit . 
  everyone still changes it however they want and it 's a mess . 
  we do have examples like finland , top country for education , but it seems no one ever wants to follow examples that work . 
  and i 'm not talking just about romania . 
  if we would look at other countries who managed to progress in certain areas and we 'd adopt a similar attitude , we 'd all be better off . 
   actually the talks have not been freezed yet but it can be after the decision of european parliament . 
  it was an unbinding decision but it is still a possibility . 
  ah , my bad then . 
  i thought they did . 
  i know it angered erdogan when it happened . 
   i look at these issues from a realistic point of view and understand that we still have a lot of way ahead until we become a member and it seems like that wo n't happen under erdo\u011fan 's administration . 
  well , he will go away at some point . 
  at least , i 'd like to believe that . 
   turkey right now experiencing the consequences of its problematic education system and corrupt political atmosphere . 
  the things are yet to be settled down after the 2015 elections , coup attempt , erdo\u011fan 's personal constitutional reform and the upcoming referendum . 
  also anyone needs to wait until the war in syria is over as it has been a direct reason for the increasing terror events in turkey . 
  after all of those thing we 'll still have the syrian migrants and their neutralization issue . 
  i do n't expect much relief for my people before 2021-2022 . 
  honestly , it 's really sad that turkey constantly deals with terror attacks .
