  i have to agree . 
  just 12 people is goddamn ridiculous . 
  omg , i just imagined daniel being worshiped by isis as they carry him in a gold throne . 
  he thought them how to make big money . 
  i do n't even get the point of all this if the only debate is `` will the tories have a big majority or a slightly smaller majority ? '' . 
  but meh , it does n't even concern us anymore beyond brexit negotiations and the tories did say `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' so we already know their `` our way or no way '' strategy . 
  the revenge of the muslims ( what will serbia do this time ? ), 
  we 've always had just one toe in it anyway . 
   if the public transport is full is it that hard to ask the guy to close his legs ? 
  why the need for a ban ? 
  maybe because the guy should have some sort of awareness and do it himself when he notices that his spread legs are taking up space of the other passengers ? 
  and since that does n't happen ... 
  no , you are absolutely right . 
  everything he said in that comment screams of extreme paranoia . 
  to the other person : women are n't out to get you , dear . 
  calm down and sit like a normal person . 
  if you do n't want to , maybe i should put my legs all over your when you sit down because you are taking up other people 's space , whether they 're a man or a woman . 
  chris hemsworth and margot robbie . 
  what the hell ???? 
  you have a eu flag so i have no idea where you 're from , but you 're talking to a eastern european , a romanian at that , where communism was worse than in central european countries like slovenia or czechia . 
  this does not remind me of communism . 
  i can not even compare the two and comparing the soviet union to this is actually an insult to those who suffered under soviet occupation . 
  we are united nations countries , we are signatories of the geneva convention and we have to abide by the rules , such as taking in refugees from war torn countries . 
  2k in czechia or 6k in romania will not do any cultural damage . 
  and if you 're so eager to talk about communism and the soviet union , let me remind you that your country can leave the eu and act like this is n't something that concerns them . 
  countries in soviet union did not have that choice . 
  so spare the communism / su bullshit y' all are pulling . 
  then again , no one is keeping anyone in the eu by force . 
  czechia , for example , has to take only 2k . 
  2k people will not destroy czechia . 
  czechia does n't even need to pay for them . 
  if we can not sympathize with our neighbour countries ( greece , italy ) , who will sympathize us ? 
  the eu does not give on country more than it can take . 
  it 's calculated . 
  the ones in greece/italy are so many because that 's one entry in the eu and that 's why they need to be redistributed . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/romania-supports-now-eu-refugee-decision-09-23-2015  as yet , romania has not been hit by the wave of refugees of migrants crossing the balkans towards germany and western europe . 
  only 913 people have applied for asylum this year , 12 per cent more than in 2014 . 
  sorry , apparently this news is from 2015 so i think that your link calculates the refugees from the redistribution program from italy and greece while these are just arrivals by other means . 
  reliable news reports from 2016 said 900 + . 
  e : link when i get home . 
  i 'm sure czechia wo n't die if it takes more than 12 . 
  we did n't . 
  you 're right , it 's not the same everywhere . 
  i guess i expected czechia to be more open to this than romania . 
  it depends . 
  we have a historical muslim community in romania and some of them , especially during the whole hysteria with refugee crisis , have experienced some racist or xenophobic incidents yet they never seem to cause any problems . 
  muslims in eastern europe ( cold war term ) do n't seem to be causing many controversies . 
  maybe it 's because in our countries you either integrate or you do n't make it in any way , but yeah . 
  that 's what i observed . 
  maybe the western societies are missing something in the whole integration process , i do n't know . 
  maybe it 's just that terrorist and radicals are only interested in these countries , who are more liberal and generally involve themselves more in mena issues . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i mean around 57 % ( iirc ) of our population was against accepting refugees quotas , even the president himself ... then he was like `` you know what ? 
  6k is n't such a big number . 
  we should show some solidarity even if i do n't like the whole thing with imposing quotas . '', 
  so then we pledged to 6k . 
  nobody even protested . 
  some were of course angry , but the rest were like `` meh , okay '' . 
  the refugees would not work , at least not at first , the refugees would receive money from the government ( which comes from the eu budget ) for some expenses ( food , etc. ), 
  and they will be integrated : given language classes , etc. 
  just agree to accept more then . 
  i think we have over 1k but i 'm not sure because i can never seem to be able to find up to date statistics with how many refugees we have taken since the start of the crisis , just some articles from 2015 and 2016 . 
  could be more since , like i said , this is info taken from 2015/16 articles . 
  we 're committed to take 6k + though . 
  just make sure you enforce integration : language , customs , etc. 
  do n't just leave them in camps to do whatever like in calais . 
  if everyone else can agree to the quotas , so can they . 
  if they wo n't , they have to at least do something to help . 
  italy and greece ca n't do everything for us . 
  they have too many . 
  at least the v4 should try to negotiate . 
  like offer money instead , if it 's possible and the eu accepts this proposal . 
  a financial support of some kind , at least to other eu countries who hold more refugees than they currently can . .  also due to the worsened security situation , greece has a lot of refugees and yet they did not have any attacks . 
  the attacks happen in we for a reason . 
   the country has taken some 12 refugees from greece , although it ought to accept about 2,600 people by september according to the quotas . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  for more details if anyone 's interested : in internal affairs : representing the romanian state and safeguarding of the national independence , unity and territorial integrity of the country . 
  guarding the observance of the constitution and the functioning of public authorities . 
  designating and appointing the prime minister , subject to parliamentary approval ( the president can not dismiss the prime minister . ) . 
  appointing and removing ministers , on the proposal of the prime minister ( a ministerial appointment may be rejected only once ) . 
  consulting the government on major policy matters . 
  presiding the meetings of the government debating upon matters of national interest with regard to foreign policy , the defence of the country , insurance of public order , and , at the prime minister 's request , in other instances as well . 
  addressing messages to parliament on issues of national interest . 
  promulgating bills ( they may be referred back to parliament only once , for reconsideration ) . 
  summoning the houses of parliament after a legislative election . 
  requesting the convocation of an extraordinary session of parliament . 
  dissolving parliament ( the president may dissolve parliament if no vote of confidence has been obtained to form a government within 60 days after the first request was made , and only after rejection of at least two requests for investiture . ) . 
  calling referendums ( after consultation with parliament ) . 
  that klaus smirk . 
  where is he talking about supporting trump ? 
  he 's keeping a diplomatic relationship . 
  because they are ? 
  it 's a business and a mafia and a disease for this society . 
  like i 'm not an atheist or anything , i just know who and what they are . 
  i wish we were more like czechia or estonia in this regard . 
  do people think i get money from the eu in the mail ? 
  cause i sure do n't . 
  yeah , i bet that will happen . 
  haha i wish it did , but it wo n't .
