  germany shivers at the mere thought of a strong army . 
  of course the us has interest in keeping us safe and it 's not just `` being nice '' , but you have to be smart enough to use that to your advantage . 
  these western countries , with few exceptions , are way too dependent on the russian gas to act too though with it . 
  and instead of trying to get rid of that dependency , they want to become even more dependent . 
  maybe we 're not happy with everything , nor do we need to be happy with absolutely everything , but we do value our place in the european union and we try the solidarity way , even if sometimes that solidarity is n't paid back yet when it should have been ages ago ( schengen ) . 
  and we entered in 2007 . 
  it was more than just an economic union . 
  the european union may not be perfect , but it is way better than the alternative . 
  please do n't confuse ee with v4 . 
  look just at how many refugees bulgaria has . 
  say that again , but with your tinfoil hat on . 
  i would n't say `` all '' . 
  [ oh , you superior central europeans you . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/rhhr8d5mksx7o/giphy.gif ), 
  ah , yes , * goes to the south to find my brothers * . 
  you say `` switch '' in a very simplistic way . 
  it 's not like the nazis who took the power before the war were like `` mhm , we 'll just switch sides now '' . 
  no , they had to be overthrown for romania to switch sides . 
  i find this incredibly amusing and relatable . 
  like i said , i get it 's a joke , i still do n't think it 's funny and apparently more people did take it as a cue to show actual appreciation towards uk ( cause we do n't have enough of that supposedly ) rather than a joke at both british/americans . 
  too much spotlight boys . 
  most of them , who were registered here , did n't leave though . 
  ah , yes , how dare i not stroke your ego ? 
  well , who do you thrive to be if you bomb them and then expect no consequences or responsibilities ? 
  yeah , but is n't this more like what rules sets italy to their ngos ? 
  like ngos could still operate , but with different rules ? 
  not the point , but yeah , figured it was hard to understand . 
   since when were there any countries that get xenophobic attacks on this sub ? 
  pretty sure most people here are against that kinda stuff . 
  oh , you sweet summer child . 
   i do n't run the sub but i 'm pretty sure this whole thing is a joke , hence why it was done on the 4th of july and not any other day as it was set up in response to the american independence day . 
  and i understand that , i just do n't find it tasteful or funny . 
  guess i 'm allowed to do that . 
  i just think that there are other countries who could actually really use appreciation threads considering they get actual hate and not just criticism and banter with a very small amount of actual hate . 
  and i think that often these random popular mega threads are usually just about western countries . 
  but do n't worry , it 's whatever , water is wet . 
  which is why you can make treaties but they can not join the * european * union . 
  just recently some tourist was bitten by a viper . 
  that is a series . 
  every country gets that . 
  they kinda have to include us . 
  i 'm talking about threads outside of the series ones and random ones like this one . 
  yeah , i do take it serious because we ( romanians , bulgarians , etc. ), 
  face actual xenophobia every day , whether it 's on the internet or when we visit/stay in western countries ( especially the uk ) so sorry , it 's not my type of `` joke '' . 
  and somehow , those mega threads always end up being about some western countries so yeah . 
  but go ahead , have your little fun , whatever . 
  like i said ... all this comes as no surprise . 
  this . 
  there was very little actual hate towards british people here . 
  the rest was banter and criticism ... 
  but yeah . 
  maybe because there 's a whole list of nations more hated than the uk who never get a pat on the back for it ? 
  and i 'm talking real xenophobia not `` oh no , he does n't agree with my brexit opinion , he hates me so much !!, 
  poor you ... so hated , so oppressed . 
  apparently , from what the thread says , the ones crying were your lot . 
  i 'm just pointing out bias . 
  not that it 's news to me or anyone on this side or anything . 
  i think other countries deserve a appreciation thread more , but yeah . 
  nothing like making sure westerners do n't feel offended by a little criticism . 
  and the mods certainly do n't care much for this side of europe , even though this side of europe gets more hate than uk ever will . 
  hello there , it is i. 
   there is still 70 years of lost opportunity cost . 
  are you saying germany should pay because of what the soviet union did ? 
  dude . 
  everyone voted on the refugee issue . 
  including poland who voted for it . 
  do n't mock that . 
  title says `` violent '' . 
  why are n't they taking actions if they are * known * to be violent ? 
  i mean one thing is hold bad views and another to be known as violent which means you 're actually a threat . 
  the language is a bit connected to the other romance languages . 
  not really . 
  i 'm starting to think so . 
  idk if op is that guy because i 'm too lazy to check , but there was this polish dude totally offended that we were n't celebrating the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  * going nowhere , going nowhere *, 
  serbia got more . 
  our fish has a mouth now . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/6kp1y2/hottest_temperature_recorded_in_each_country_in?sort=top ) [ coldest temperatures ever recorded ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/6knb6t/coldest_temperature_recorded_in_each_country_in?sort=top ), 
  well , i mean , may can do whatever she likes . 
  uk will walk out in the end whether they have a deal or not and my guess would be that they want a deal . 
  both parties would suffer without one , but uk more , so if they are seriously provoked , the eu could say , * fuck it , you 'll come back when you realize that no deal is actually worse than a bad deal * . 
  yeah , i get that , i did n't ask if they were oppressed , just if they were given autonomy , if they can speak russian in public institutions in regions where they are the majority and things like this . 
  like i said , just curious . 
  speaking of , out of curiosity , what rights do russians have in estonia ? 
  do they have autonomy in regions where they are the majority ? 
  it was an interesting moment to see the first casket with a eu flag on it . 
  definitely a unique moment . 
  orban , the gift that keeps on giving . 
  ha , as if anyone 's going to bother learning what is where in your cities . 
  knowing the states is enough if you 're not particularly interested . 
  you 're one country , we 're like 50 . 
  yes , us , the european union . 
  look at greece . 
  look at italy . 
  your statement does not make my point irrelevant . 
  i 'm going to have to disagree . 
  personally , i do n't remember any protests when such laws were introduced in several european countries . 
  all this proves that the majority is comfortable with such laws . 
  if they would n't have been , there would have been uproar . 
  am i right or am i right ?
