  the netherlands really dislike us for example . 
  the rest could be pursued in the end i guess . 
  i do n't know what 's the point of keeping us out . 
  i really do n't . 
  god , do you all know nothing about the agreements your countries are part of ? 
  schengen is mainly about the free movement of goods not people . 
  people are already free to move anywhere in the eu they want to , they just have to show their id at the schengen border and that 's that . 
  and i 'm sorry , but gypsies , from all eu countries , are eu citizens as well and have a right to the freedom of movement . 
  each country has the means to send them back if they do n't have a workplace after 3 months afaik . 
  schengen is not about the free movement of people mainly , we already have that , it 's not the biggest deal to show our ids at the border ( although it is annoying considering that we should n't have to do that by now ) and no one is making a big deal out of schengen for that . 
  schengen mainly affects the free movement of goods so we are at a disadvantage in the market . 
  one day ... * looks dramatically into the horizon *, 
   had to downsize the original target number from 160k to just 33k , meanwhile all the non-eligible people will remain stuck in italy and greece . 
  a source ? 
  have not heard of this . 
   at the same time the commission has not released a single information about how many migrants stay in their assigned countries , so we can all just rely on news reports which show that the relocated refugees are leaving basically every eastern european country . 
  i do n't think that many refugees who claimed asylum here in romania left . 
  most of them stayed and seem to be okay with it . 
  and if what you were saying was true , the number of refugees that have arrived in eastern countries initially would be down to below 50 % and i do n't think that 's the case . 
  even so , the problem is cooperation in making sure this works , not ditching it because it might not work . 
  of course many refugees want to go to a country that is better off , but that does n't mean they get to make that decision . 
  they have a right to protection , but not the right to choose where they get that protection so honestly , as long as the country they are relocated in is not seen as unfit to keep refugees , i could n't care less if they were to complain . 
  we all complain , it 's not a big deal , the authorities just need to make sure that they can implement a plan to keep refugees from fleeing as much as they can . 
  the eu * can not * close their borders to a refugee crisis of this size , that is not going to happen , forget that , so instead of saying `` we 're not going to help '' , your country could lobby for all sorts of ideas like `` what can be done in syria to stop this mad political game between the us and russia ? 
  how do we help syria in becoming relatively stable so that the refugees can go back asap ? '', 
  or `` how the hell do we make the americans take in some of the refugees since they 're one of the main countries at fault for this shitty situation ? '', 
  i agree , we should n't just let everyone in and we should double check who they are where they 're coming from to avoid economic migrants , but fact is , the refugees wo n't go away just because we want them to and we do n't have the legal right to turn away from the refugee crisis and pretend like it is n't happening . 
   `` we approached the schengen matter and we are exactly on the same vibe . 
  both bulgaria and romania have been prepared ever since 2011 from a technical stand , a fact certified by the european institutions , to access the schengen area . 
  it did n't happen because the schengen area is n't coordinated by the european institutions , but the approval of the member states is required , and here , there have been diverging opinions , '' the romanian head of state said . 
   in respect to the talks with merkel and macron , iohannis said that `` they both showed openness . ''  `` in this respect , we continue to be optimistic that we 'll be able to move further with the problem solved , in a reasonable amount of time , '' iohannis said . 
  afaik merkel told him to `` keep talking about it '' . 
  i guess what she means is pester everyone until they just finally give in , but i guess that wo n't work for the netherlands . 
  anyhow , it 's really annoying we are n't in it yet . 
  serbia is like that neighbour you do n't know much about , never speak to , but you have heard stories so you do n't try to interact too much either . 
  but no , little croatia , fear not . 
  we have other horizons we mean to sail to . 
  * smiles an evil smile at hungary *, 
  barbie ? 
   but it keeps shifting in a way that means we 're losing territory because it 's a bloody river that could n't care less about `` territory '' just recently i 've heard that we gained 6km territory because of it . 
  haha . 
   we are not the saviours of the world and it is not our responsobility to harbour everyone in a bad position in life . 
  no , but we do have * international * treaties that we need to follow regarding refugees . 
  by that logic , where migrants and refugees are being mixed , i call for poland to stop taking so many ukrainians in ... it 's not our problem after all . 
   migrants from war-torn countries that take the trip towards europe instead of the nearest country are not asylum seekers but economic migrants . 
  take a look at the statistics and see how many mena countries took migrants in and how many . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_refugee_population http://www.unhcr.org/news/videos/2017/2/58b3f4714/which-countries-host-the-most-refugeesquest.html, 
  have you ever thought that maybe everyone else is seeing things differently ? 
  greece and italy need help . 
  the vote was just for those around 150.000 refugees which need help and which have been checked and they are really refugees . 
  it 's not just the ec is it ? 
  it 's everyone else minus 4 . 
  close cooperation = / =  the more things ec hates but we have in common the better . 
  this sounds to me like `` i just want to see the ec burn no matter what '' which is ridiculous considering no one is forcing them to stay . 
  dude , read what he said in the reply . 
  it makes no sense whatsoever than proving it has a `` stick it to the man for no reason '' attitude . 
  he wants his country to leave the eu so he wants more things to disagree with ec on so maybe it 'll trigger czechia to leave . 
  i only described what he said . 
  no , you 're obviously dissing every other society which does n't stand for that and deem it as immature . 
  then all i can say is good luck . 
  you will definitely need it . 
   migrant quotas which are un-implementable without locking western-bound masses in giant camps ; dude . 
  i do n't care . 
  the vote won , you 're not abiding by it , you get sanctioned . 
  we have been sanctioned before for things we did n't abide by and no one created a circus because they were right to sanction us . 
  if everyone else can do the whole refugee thing , so can you . 
  also , did i propose something wrong ? 
  i just told you there 's a way to get rid of the pesky ec altogether . 
  yeah . 
  i bet i 'm being submissive by not having a `` stick it to the man for no reason '' attitude . 
  ah , the v4 mentality never ceases to amaze me . 
  if that 's the principle you want to work on , why not just quit altogether ? 
  you wo n't have to deal with the ec at all if you quit . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be an amazing country ( something the ec is obviously trying to keep you from ) once you 're on your own . 
  no , thanks . 
   this is the way to mature society . 
  yeah , czechia will show everyone else just how bad their society is because they do n't have guns . 
  it does happen . 
  look it up on google . 
  an example : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/gang-accused-of-smuggling-terrifying-arsenal-of-guns-to-uk-a6903801.html, 
   that is in situations when you 're trying to stop an ogoing criminal act which is not necessarily directed against you ( i.e. 
  shooting a terrorist ) , will now be legal . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure that will work out great . 
  as if shady shit is n't going to happen when no one watches the border . 
  that does not answer my question at all . 
  well it was low until now and that worked out , right ? 
  why fix something that 's not broken ? 
  and i 'm not sure about civilians being able to handle those situations . 
  many things can happen . 
  it is much more easier to kill someone with a gun than with a knife . 
  the knife is so much more personal while with the gun you just pull the trigger and that 's that . 
  and while czechia has made it legal to just give people guns , other countries have different laws . 
  how does czechia plan to keep their guns inside their country ? 
  yeah , i 'm not a fan of civilians with guns . 
  everyone 's saying crime is super low in czechia so why is this so needed ? 
  stop talking shit . 
  if there 's such a thing as / r/mapswithoutnz there should be a / r/europeanstatisticswithoutro . 
  i 've seen numerous statistics lately that do n't include us . 
  and sure , some might be irrelevant in case of romania , but some were really interesting . 
  :( that being said , austria is not pleased at all .
