  pretty sure most languages have l2 speakers and it looks like only some were included . 
  edit : there are also aromanian , megleno-romanian and istro-romanian speakers not included in this map . 
  when we were protesting against the government , most people would have had no problem if our government would have been sanctioned , as it was threatened to be iirc . 
  winning elections does not give you the right to butcher the rule of law and if the polish people are too ignorant to protect it , someone else will make sure those politicians pay for it . 
  that 's unfortunate ... but if the organizers are a problem , they can just gather in another place and make it clear these organizers do not represent them . 
  normally , there should n't be any `` leaders '' of the protest . 
  everyone does what he wants , shouts what he wants , keeps whatever sign he wants . 
  but the eu did not shut its doors to * refugees * . 
  just v4 . 
  if italy does not recognize their status as refugees after being screened , they can be sent back . 
  if they are refugees , afaik , quotas are yet be fulfilled . 
  so the doors are n't shut yet . 
  come on , poles , it 's sunny outside , perfect weather to get enough people to scare those idiots . 
  tens of thousands will not do it , we had 600.000 and that barely worked . 
  get your gear on , get your friends and be ready to stay out until these fuckers drop the act . 
  yes , he will . 
  these two are now making a front . 
  it seems that poland can break the rules of the eu and get away with it because of the annoying twat next door . 
  so you want me to do your work for you ? 
  i do n't have to prove shit . 
  you made a statement and you did n't back it up . 
  if the protests were as big as to matter , they would be big news . 
  never were big news because most probably if they did happen , they were under 5k which is a very , very , very small number considering the populations of all the countries you mentioned in your other comment . 
  sources . 
  how many times do i have to ask ? 
  i am really tired of repeating facts in every reply so here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6ovqan/hungarys_leader_eu_and_soros_seek_to_muslimize/dkl17ex/, 
  sources ? 
  sure . 
  it 's just that poles told me that nowadays the term `` romanian '' is an insult in poland . 
  it means `` dirty '' , `` bad '' , `` thief '' , etc. 
  i get the `` gypsy reason '' , but it is a great insult to us . 
  that might be false . 
  i mean , if most of the refugees romania and bulgaria get stay here , i suspect it 's the same with portugal . 
  though it may have a bit to do with the fact that since we are not schengen countries , we have border patrol . 
  i think so because whenever there 's talk of friendships , poles and hungarians only talk about the polish-hungarian friendship . 
  something happened after wwii and somehow we faded from the image . 
  i 'm glad if poles acknowledge our help , i 'm just sometimes bitter that hungary seems to get full credit . 
  maybe it 's just an impression . 
  europe has seen and suffered through things that can not even compare to a 120,000 relocation quota of muslim * refugees * . 
  it will survive this , i assure you . 
  i 'm not saying this is n't a problem , i 'm saying that so far we 're discussing 120.000 refugees , not the invasion of the ottoman empire . 
  and oh , hey , we survived that too . 
  sure , economic migrants try and will want to abuse the refugee crisis , but we have the means to verify their status and that 's what greece and italy are doing , which is why the 120.000 are classified as genuine refugees in need of immediate help . 
  not to mention that if the future host country finds reasons to reject certain people from their quota , these people will be send back to their country of origin . 
  we are not obliged to accept any more refugees besides the agree quota unless another vote takes place and the majority agree with another quota . 
  do not fall in orban 's propaganda hole . 
  this . 
  if the countries governments would n't have wanted a quota system , they would n't have voted for it . 
  if the people of these countries would be as against this as this comment section makes it look , there would have at least been protests against their governments ' decisions . 
  well , i imagine that if the majority would n't agree and if it was seen as dramatically as it seen in this comment section , there would have been at least protests if not riots . 
  maybe the people will sanction the government at the next election . 
  which was only founded in 1945 , after wwii . 
  before it was founded , europe went through wwi , wwii , the black death , the mongol invasion , etc. 
  none of these can be even compared to displacing 120,000 genuine refugees . 
  europe has been through much tougher times . 
  i 'd be careful with such statements considering your quite short history as a nation . 
  it sells a big lie that makes the ignorant voter look away from what matters . 
  indeed . 
  it annoys me that he comes here to give his bullshit political speeches . 
  hopefully no one listens to that psd type of propaganda shit . 
  because for another quota system to happen , the eu will need to vote for it . 
  if `` no '' wins by majority , there will not be another quota . 
  the current quota was voted on and it was voted by the majority , including portugal . 
   polish military units and refugees going to france met warm and friendly reception there . 
  and their government . 
  that escaped through romania . 
  where they also left their treasury . 
  which was immediately returned after the war . 
  we were there too . 
  poland forgot . 
  if only . 
  no offense , but the status quo is n't desirable either . 
  either make these leaders pay in a way or get rid of all the rules and let everyone run around like cray . 
  how big is portugal 's quote again ? 
  bet it is a few k . a few k will not make portugal syria . 
  italy and greece in this case . 
  the agreement says that these are genuine refugees in need of immediate relocation . 
  if the country where they 're relocated to find something wrong with one of them , and thinks one of these people is unfit the status , they will be deported back to their country of origin iirc . 
  i 'm not sure , but they could be sanctioned for that , under international law . 
  he will say whatever will get him votes and seeing as there 's not much of a choice , he will get the votes unless he does something totally unpopular like saying `` i want all refugees from all over the globe to come to hungary tomorrow '' or something like that . 
  not much to say really . 
  it 's not like you telling me orban will be reelected was news to anyone . 
  maybe just to hungarians on here who keep saying `` but he 's not popular in hungary at all !!, 
  not much of choice considering hungary lacks in the liberal sector . 
  it 's either orban or fascist jobbik most probably . 
  poland voted to accept the quotas . 
  if poland can not respect the popular vote and prefers crooked politicians abusing the rule of law for the sake of keeping 6k * refugees * ( as they were screened ) out , then poland can deal with whatever it 's coming its way , deservedly . 
  because he keeps saying controversial things and tries to create an anti eu front . 
  i know feedback is still feedback , whether it 's positive or negative , because it makes you famous nonetheless , but man is this guy annoying as hell . 
  you were totally pro-eu before this , but suddenly see no benefit to it ? 
  yeah , alright ... 
  this sounds like those guys defending anti eu propaganda and saying they voted remain . 
  such a radical and dramatic change of view makes it hard to believe you were `` totally pro eu '' before . 
  that 's not what it means . 
  it means that if it was in orban 's interest to promote helping refugees , he would . 
  it 's all about `` am i still going to be in power if i do this ? '', 
  and with hungary , where you have orban or fascist jobbik , no sort of more liberal parties being popular , well , he will stay into power alright . 
  expected more people protesting in poland over this . 
  but on the same topic , a very used sign in our protest in january/february was [ this one ] ( http://www.sub25.ro/thumbs/big/2017/02/06/vocea-strazii-rezista-15360.jpg ) ( #weseeyou projected on a building nearby the government ) . 
  i do hope y' all will stop this , make a change .
