  does rain really exist ? 
  :p aka , not in bucharest unfortunately . 
  nothing nowadays since it 's so hot i might as well melt , but socks usually . 
  people still wave the [ revolution flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/romanianflag-withhole.jpg ) . 
  during the revolution , the communist coat of arms was cut off by the people . 
  it 's a symbol of the revolution , of freedom . 
  personally , i do n't like it , but there 's not a country wide attitude . 
   romania even had a stage where they `` purified '' their language of slavic and other non latin words . 
  yes , the 150 years of the roman rule that led to the making of the romanian people . 
  do n't be disrespectful . 
   that and the language is n't much when referring to latin countries . 
  actually , it is . 
  it is basically the main factor that connects latin countries . 
   romania even had a stage where they `` purified '' their language of slavic and other non latin words . 
  first of all , romania was always primarily latin . 
  it always had a majority of latin words . 
  secondly , you go through the slavic and ottoman invasion and then we 'll talk . 
  in the end , it really does not matter what a random portuguese dude from the internet thinks . 
  if it makes you feel better , call us whatever you want . 
  i know you may not like it , but you ca n't change history or facts . 
  we 're a latin country and this fact did not occurd from a meme . 
  lmao what ? 
   latin countries : if you take your shoes off in the house of someone you 're not close friends with , it 's a little weird . 
  guests keep their shoes on . 
  eh , not really , it depends . 
  some people are like `` nah , do n't take your shoes off , it 's alright '' , others may be annoyed by you walking in with your shoes on . 
  i 've met both type of people . 
  french is usually the default third language . 
  latin is taught as well . 
  in my multicultural highschool , we also had bulgarian and chinese classes , but i did n't have the will to learn much back then . 
  other schools have german or spanish . 
  language . 
  otherwise i do n't know if i really can identify them . 
  we have had a ` left wing ' party in power for most of the time following the fall of communism , namely ` social democrats ' . 
  i say this in quotes because they 're just a bunch of corrupt thugs who do n't care about ideology . 
  they do n't compare to the european social democrats . 
  no , scotland is defined as a country , catalonia is not . 
  all i want to say is that i do n't understand why some catalan redditors compare catalonia to scotland when scotland is a different matter altogether . 
  scotland is a country inside a union , a united kingdom , while catalonia is just an autonomous region of the country spain . 
  basarabia ( the country moldova ) is still a political issue . 
  other territories we 've lost include : - north bucovina - hertza region , which , in my opinion , should also be a political issue because : `` the population in 2001 was about 32,300 people , 93 % of whom are ethnic romanians . '', 
  i drink it sometimes . 
  flavors i 've seen : orange , grapes , exotic , lemon , kiwi and strawberry and a new one that apparently has orange juice , mango and pitaya . 
  pipi is a way of saying pee here . 
  bucharest . 
  close to 2 million people in bucharest . 
  9,237 / km2 says wiki . 
  phase out in 2 or 3 generations ? 
  no way . 
  it 's not as bad as it used to be , but it is still a problem . 
  most romanians go to countries like italy and spain , contrary to british people 's belief . 
  the romanian * diaspora * is biggest in italy ( over 1 million ) and in spain ( over 500k ), 
  oh , forgot about schools too . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know about railway stations , bus terminals or airports , but we have the school thing too . 
  well , there are certain places where you can smoke , stores just are n't supposed to sell them in stores around hospitals for , i guess , ethical reasons . 
  smoking is already unhealthy , but some people in hospitals are being told strictly not to smoke . 
  you do n't want to make it easy for them . 
  i know this is about smoking and not about the selling of cigarettes , but maybe this provides some insight as well :  smoking is banned in `` indoor public places '' such as schools , office buildings and public institutions , though specially designed smoking areas may be established on the premises under certain conditions . 
  hospitals , cfr passenger trains and the bucharest metro , among others , are completely smoke-free . 
  since 2011 , bars and restaurants may be designated either as smoke-free or exclusively for smokers . 
  on 15 december 2015 , the romanian parliament adopted a law banning smoking in public areas . 
  the law , that came into effect on march 2016 forbids smoking in any closed environment for public use , defining a closed environment as one having at least two walls . 
  almost no regulation besides the fact that it 's illegal to sell them to minors and stores around hospitals are n't supposed to sell them either . 
  you can find cigarettes in every supermarket and almost every shop , and we do n't have vending machines for them . 
  a pack costs around 3.70 euro . 
  i do n't have one . 
  zombie apocalypse - i 'd probably either barricade myself in my apartment with supplies ( i 'm from the capital though so having so many people around who could potentially turn into zombies is not in this option 's favor ) or go live somewhere in the carpathians where they ca n't reach me . 
  everything else is a bit more bearable i guess cause there 's no one running after you to eat your brain . 
  you commit seppuku and then they find a cure . 
  haha . 
  you 're in shit . 
  can not translate . 
  basically you 're fucked . 
  basically `` you did it now '' , `` you blew it '' . 
  i have some friends who went to hungary and poland and had some bad experiences with some locals after admitting they 're from romania . 
  mostly rude behavior or offhand comments . 
  of course that does n't sum their whole experience in these countries which was positive , but they have bumped into these type of situations and it 's never pleasant . 
  i do n't remember exactly what happened to them in poland , it was a couple of years ago when they told , but in hungary one of the things that happened was that they asked someone for directions . 
  they were talking to said person who seemed excited to help some tourists and they were asked where they 're from . 
  they said romania and the person ended the conversation quickly and walked away . 
  they said they may have heard the person comment something in hungarian , but they 're not sure so they did n't take that into account . 
  still , like i said , the experience was unpleasant . 
  when i visited budapest with my sister , we tried to not make it obvious or say where we 're from because we did n't want to have any bad experiences . 
  1 ) hungarian paper : trianon expiration date is here . 
  romanians laugh . 
  slavic gypsies , surrender our rightful clay right now . 
  romanians no longer laugh . 
  2 ) ( heathen of any nationality ) refuses to try romanian cuisine or finish his food . 
  romania insists . 
  3 ) it 's 40c outside . 
  a clueless northerner in a bus without ac attempts to open a window and argues the draft will not kill anyone . 
  romanian authorities admit it 's a terrorist plot by one of the nordic countries . 
  finland is not a suspect anymore as there were more than 5 people on the bus . 
  [ ** psd ** ( social democrats ) ] ( https://vid.me/2nck ) - biggest party in country , keeps winning election due to the ignorance of the people and absenteeism . 
  very corrupt and populist . 
  currently led by liviu dragnea , convicted for electoral fraud , a guy that seems to be out of a mafia movie . 
  their main voters are the elderly and the public workers who fall for their promises to raise pensions and salaries with the risk of messing up the economy . 
  they won the last parliamentary elections with 45 % of the votes with a 40 % turnout . 
  yes , absenteeism is a big problem .
