  but eastern europe is n't inherently bad and central europe is n't inherently good . 
  things can not even be that simple . 
  i do n't have a problem with you guys making yourself look cool , i do have a problem with people who push eastern europeans down to make themselves look cool . 
  i do n't need to be a mind reader to read what some central europeans often say about eastern europeans . 
  you 're the one who disagreed with my initial remark , suggesting that there 's either a shame in being a eastern european or a pride in being central european , not sure which . 
  then when i mentioned that the other czech dude ( or most people who react like that to the term `` eastern european '' ) would n't have reacted like this ( negatively ) or at all if the article suggested czechia is in western europe , you avoided a clear response because you know i 'm right . 
  mhm . 
  keep telling yourself that we 're stupid enough not to notice the xenophobia and ignorance coming off in waves from some central europeans ( with some westerners we 're already used ) . 
  pretty sure the other czech would n't have commented if the article would have said czechia are western europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure i got it all right . 
  ah , okay , sorry , totally went over my head . 
  haha . 
  do you think that being eastern european is a shameful thing ? 
  the article obviously talks about cold war divide since there have been complains in both central countries like czechia , but also in eastern ones like bulgaria , romania , etc. 
  but there 's no need to be offended over the use of `` eastern european '' . 
  there is no shame in that and no pride in being central european . 
  i 'm confused . 
  prepare your ass , ungaria !!, 
  haha, 
  that 's good . 
  it is indeed delusional . 
  i mean , i do n't doubt that there are problems on the both sides , but the holier than thou attitude towards romania sometimes goes over the line and that thread stuck with me . 
  it is , ultimately , a complex problem with many layers . 
  awww , that was actually a very nice thing to say . 
  ( \u25e1 \u203f \u25e1 \u273f ) now ... *** takes out sword *** it 's ~ ~ murder ~ ~ vacation time , kids !, 
  there was this thread on / r/askeurope iirc about gypsies and almost everyone from other european countries bar a few like romania , bulgaria and the like were like `` nah , our gypsies do n't do anything bad ever . 
  they 're well integrated and in fact , their culture is very rich . 
  those who immigrate to our countries ( romanian citizens who are gypsies ) are actually the only bad guys . '', 
  and i think it was a polish dude who said that romanian gypsies ruined polish gypsies who were really great in his country and nothing like romanian gypsies so i kind of gave up on taking anyone in europe seriously when they talk about the amazing integration of their gypsies and how only romania , bulgaria and the like fail to integrate them . 
  more like * the rest of europe to romania * because obviously gypsies come * only * from romania and if you ask any other european about the gypsies in their country , they are quick to say their gypsies are the most integrated ethnic community ever !!!, 
  i 'm actually very bitter about this . 
  decebalus and trajan were totally in love dude . 
  everyone else was just jealous . 
  well , okay , maybe trajan made decebalus commit suicide , but nobody has perfect relationships , okay ? 
  the important discussions we have . 
  haha . 
  but yeah , chris is more muscly . 
  but at least we had fab gay dads . 
   if he put on some muscles [ what are you talking about ? 
  ] ( https://dandwh.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/295434_318394581583333_2311156_n.jpg ) plus , he 's at least 10 years older than chris so props to him . 
  skarsgard has muscles . 
  ~ ~ da ! ~ ~ si , si !!, 
  haha !, 
  you are a genius !, 
  * sheds a tear of joy *, 
  * waves at our sisters from behind the balkans * ( \uff89 \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 ) \uff89 * : \u30fb \uff9f \u2727, 
  nah , you 're still in the spotlight . 
  this is something that has been talked about for a long time and with which the majority of the eu agrees . 
  i 've said many times . 
  no eu government can stop a citizen from leaving the country to another country without hard evidence that they 're going to engage in criminal activity . 
  besides , you can send people back if they have n't found work for 3 months afaik . 
   murdering never heard of any statistics of romanian murdering people in denmark . 
  can you show me please ? 
  did you know that right now , according to statistics , italy is more corrupt than romania ? 
  i mean , yeah , we had that huge thing with the government in the beginning of the year , but we more or less solved that particular nasty situation . 
  organized crime ... 
  i do n't know . 
  that 's a problem that needs more attention , but generally speaking , regarding criminals , no government in the eu is allowed to stop a citizen from leaving the country if there 's no hard evidence that he wants to go somewhere and commit a crime . 
  maybe so , but you 're always bringing the euro argument , even if it has nothing to do with it . 
  just because we might not want to or we ca n't join the euro at this very moment does not give anyone the right to veto us out of schengen because of it . 
  schengen is schengen , euro is euro . 
  there 's nothing about the euro in the schengen criteria . 
  when will be sweden ready to join ? 
  yes , but it mainly affects business :  the principle of schengen is to bring countries closer together and increase international cooperation , trade and ultimately to aim for a peaceful resolution to disputes . 
  one of the key benefits to businesses in the catchment area is the speed with which goods and services can travel across country borders -- thus making them more competitive compared to those arriving from non-schengen member states . 
  it is a major factor contributing to the eu as the world 's largest economic area . 
  i do n't think that would do us any favor , to be honest . 
  especially vetoing the russian sanctions , what with the controversy of the ns2 and germany . 
  but yeah , we could say , `` we do n't cause trouble to you so you should give us what you owe us or the people in our countries will grow to be euroskeptic . 
  time to decide : in or out . '', 
  like i said in my other reply , i do n't think it 's that prevalent and they get caught so yeah . 
  the eu parliament would have made a point of it in 2011 and they did n't . 
  now things are even better than in 2011 so there 's really nothing stopping us from entering . 
  yes , but i do n't think it 's that prevalent and they do get caught . 
  it was never used as an argument against our entry in schengen in 2011 , when i suppose it was even worse than now , so why would it be used now ? 
  it happens . 
  they were caught . 
  as long as the dna is watching them , they 'll be less and less willing to do this . 
  anyway , it 's not part of the criteria and if eu parliament found no problem in 2011 , that means there is n't one , just isolated cases . 
  they would have known about it and mentioned it if there was worry over this because of the cmv . 
  the personnel ? 
  who do you exactly mean and do you have a source on that ? 
  you have to show id when you cross the border between romania and any of our neighbour countries . 
  there is border control between us and our neighbours . 
  after that yes , nobody will check you . 
  dude , if the eu parliament said we are ready , we are ready . 
  corruption has nothing to do with it . 
  yeah , that 's not fair . 
  every country has gypsies and every country has bad people . 
  not all gypsies are bad , not all romanians are bad , not all bulgarians are bad , etc. 
  it should be logical and the people should know better than to paint a whole nation in a certain way just because of a few incidents . 
  i really hope that one day this stereotype will die . 
  yeah , you can get in because schengen does n't affect that . 
  i can go anywhere in the eu right now , i just have to show my id unlike the schengen citizens . 
  what it affects the most is the movement of goods . 
  have a fun time in romania !, 
  germany , the netherlands and finland opposed it . 
  the eu parliament said we 're ready to join it back in 2011 . 
  no progress since then so you can imagine we 're a bit annoyed . 
  it 's political reasons mainly .
