  i know they were bombed because they were very important to the german war machine . 
  it was a goddamn sarcastic comment ... jesus . 
  refineries . 
  it was implied . 
   operation tidal wave was an air attack by bombers of the united states army air forces ( usaaf ) based in libya and southern italy on nine oil refineries around ploie\u0219ti , romania on 1 august 1943 , during world war ii . 
  meh , oil ... we have norway for that . 
  :p also , we used to have more oil too ... until the americans bombed it away . 
   and it 's also not that easy . 
  germany , whether we like it or not , is reliant on russian gas . 
  i 'm pretty sure many eastern countries need that gas , but they 're all trying to find other ways so they can get rid of this dependency on russia . 
  we 're trying too , although we 're a special case because we 're getting close to being self sufficient . 
  like i stated in my previous comment ... if we 're going to sanction them , we have to sanction them where they 'll really feel it . 
  but gas is their only real productive sector . 
  if you 're not going to hit them there , what 's the point ? 
  i now realize how stupid i am and how i read the second comma . 
  i 'm just going to delete this and go bury my head in a pillow in shame . 
  he said that psd/alde should solve the problem and solve it quickly . 
  he also said that `` this is what we were missing , another political crisis '' . 
  he 's done with their shit , so am i. 
  as if he 'd admit to anything . 
  and besides , i watched the interviews too . 
  he said that but then he dodged and said `` but think of the good things that came out of it '' or something along the lines . 
  i do n't live in a shit hole . 
  you 're so proud of your country you do n't even have a flair . 
  shitty opinion , shitty person . 
  business as usual . 
  corruption is one of the worst diseases a country can have . 
  it does n't take a year or two to get rid of it . 
  not sure what you mean , but psd will remain in power . 
  either this pm will stay in case the motion of no confidence fails , or he goes and the president has to name another pm from the coalition in power . 
  the president could perhaps call for snap elections , but psd will still win . 
  they have probably lost some voters , but i do n't think they lost enough to lose the election , especially since the opposition has been half asleep . 
  lots of things , but basically there were some internal fights in psd over various things and the ~ ~ supreme leader ~ ~ president of psd wanted to kick out his own government to put another one in place . 
  current pm says he wo n't resign until the president of the psd party does . 
  psd party leader obviously wo n't resign and has decided to start a motion of no confidence in the parliament next week to see whether the pm will be kicked out or not . 
  the most corrupt and biggest party in romania is fighting itself . 
  there are only 3 people left in the government because all the other members of the cabinet resigned , either out of will or because they were threatened to be kicked out of the party if they did n't . 
   yes , even we have to struggle with brussels bureaucrats . 
  take back control !, 
  and you say you 're not paid . 
  clearly we need to stop sending the # 350 million to the faceless eurocratic mods and invest the sum in memes . 
  i know you 're all just human beings , but the one creating problems is the automod blocking posts for no actual reason : relevant topic , respected source , etc. 
  but since there 's over 30 mods , i obviously imagine that there wo n't be as many problems with this . 
  hopefully there will be no more problems with waiting for posts to be approved . 
  you 're literally parroting what putin said . 
  oh , wow , yes , thanks germany for paying for the genocide you committed . 
  grand example . 
  germany should stop being so defensive about pumping money into russia like that . 
  `` threatens '' ... it seems she forgot that people in the east and the north have concerns over her plans . 
  it seems that instead of finding ways to be less and less dependent on russian gas , they want to pump even more money in russia 's only productive sector . 
  putin is pleased . 
  many ugly , ugly things were done in the name of `` national interest '' . 
  this . 
  anyone else and it would have been a shitshow . 
  it 's been open season on easterners for years . 
  `` pc '' does n't apply to us . 
   developing countries hosted the largest share of refugees ( 86 % by the end of 2014 , the highest figure in more than two decades ) ; the least developed countries alone provided asylum to 25 % of refugees worldwide . 
  same here . 
  better than before at least . 
  http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2013-04-28-14708143-0-bloc-verde-banu-manta.jpg http://mediartv1.freenode.ro/image/201310/full/bloc-reabilitat-in-sectorul-1_88636300.jpg http://www.ps2.ro/www/ps2//media/media_20151029081309_979.jpg http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2013-04-28-14707945-0-bloc-reabilitare.jpg, 
   why ? 
  maybe because we should be looking for solutions to pump less money into russia 's only productive sector , that 's why . 
  it 's a crime to deny a historical event that has affected an entire continent . 
  it helps create a precedent of erasing crimes against humanity . 
  ay , thanks for asking about us . 
  now , now , let 's not exaggerate and paint the whole thing as if the ee countries bring nothing to the table . 
  the western part of the eu does get a lot in return because of the sm , they profit a lot from the ee markets . 
  there is no such thing as free money . 
  it is being returned , just not in net payments yet . 
  putin himself in a recent interview ( oliver stone one ) has said that there was no document signed about this , which he thought was a mistake , so there is no binding agreement . 
  those were just words exchanged . 
  even if it was , russia does not decide for us . 
  we decide for us . 
  you mean cooperating with countries who agreed to join nato and helping with security ? 
  they 're not invading , we invited them here . 
  sorry , my country will not be once again considered russian controlled territory so we will put whatever equipment we want on our territory , whether russia likes it or not . 
  russia does not get to dictate what happens in the eastern countries . 
  ukraine was not in eu/nato , ukraine wanted closer relationships with eu , ukraine got its territory annexed . 
  russian foreign policy in a nutshell . 
  how did the us help the situation in europe ? 
  that 's interesting info . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  aiming to be independent of russian gas should be a priority for the eu . 
  eu is pumping money in russia 's only productive sector . 
   i just do n't want cold war 2.0 . 
  sorry to tell you , but cold war 2.0 has been here for a while . 
  even putin admitted to it . 
  they have been and continue to be a threat . 
  well , romania will suffer the least without it from this area . 
  actually we aim to be 100 % independent of it soon . 
  but i do n't know about the rest of you . 
  why would we be interested in good relations w moscow ? 
  they fucking annexed their neighbour 's land ffs . 
  russia is hardly a threat ? 
  especially coming from an easterner . 
  but your country is more rusophile so i was bound to meet one of you . 
  then we 're fucked . 
  there needs to be a way to go on without russian gas . 
  wow , guys , really ? 
  meh ... considering the amount of off topic posts there were about the uk elections . .
