  we were bombed by the americans from one side and invaded by the soviets from another . 
  we had it coming with the americans because our oil was very important to the german war machine . 
  not really supporting what he says , i 'm sure hitler had a lot of plans even for his allies , but the reason hitler killed russians despite them fitting the looks is that they were slavs . 
  hitler hated slavs . 
  2015 :  in a surprising twist , romanian president klaus iohannis on wednesday said bucharest could now manage the number of refugees the eu is planning to relocate to the balkan country , although he is still against mandatory quotas imposed by the commission . 
   `` i still believe the mandatory quotas are not a solution to europe 's migrant crisis . 
  but the number of refugees romania must receive is not large . 
  it is manageable and i think romania must show solidarity , '' iohannis said ahead of an eu meeting in brussels to coordinate responses . 
   interior ministers from the eu 's 28 countries agreed on tuesday to relocate 120,000 refugees . 
  under the scheme , some 2,475 will be added to romania 's distribution list , bringing romania 's total to 4,260 migrants . 
  then romania agreed to up their quota and accept 6,205 refugees . 
  i do n't understand ... we 've taken 4k so far iirc and we 're committed to 6k . 
  we 're probably gon na take more if the eu insists because we actually took more than what we proposed we should take ( which was around 1,5 k i think ) . 
   you , as nation , do not face med what 's that ? 
  also , i know italy 's under a lot of pressure and i sympathize with that . 
  i think the us and uk ( maybe france too , to a smaller extent ) had more to do with that than us . 
  we were mostly just obliged to follow them . 
  this fact remains though : that region is extremely messy right now and it wo n't be sorted out without goodwill ( us/russia playing political games there ) so something needs to be done to help them . 
  yes , i understand your point . 
  i think we should help refugees , but do a better job of it . 
  from little things like identifying them and making sure they end up in refugee camps where they are being well taken care of to offering more help in stabilizing the me region so they have a place to go back to . 
  additionally , we could keep funding non eu countries to keep some of the refugees there . 
   western eu countries veto schengen accession to romania and bulgaria for years . 
  because voters in those countries are agains ee . 
  awful thing is ... schengen affects goods not people ( which have freedom of movement anyway so showing ur id is n't that big of a deal ) so it 's all fishy and frustrating , especially having met criteria . 
  i think eu should work on stabilizing the region . 
  i 'd add us , but they 're not very good at that . 
  if that happens , eu will have to evaluate if they have the capacity to accept more refugees and if they can fund non eu neighbouring countries to keep the refugees , all the while pressuring the us to take some as well because it should be their duty too . 
  no , but we will take part in it if there 's initiative . 
  we always helped when needed , however we could . 
  it is in everyone 's interest for me to be stable , including the refugees ' interest . 
   eeurope does n't enjoy the eu 's billions any more dummy me did n't read your whole comment . 
  ee does not get free money . 
  we 's access to eastern market is extremely profitable for we and they get our brain drain too . 
  nothing comes free . 
  quite dramatic statement . 
  if you do n't want that many refugees , maybe your country should push for eu to offer more help in stabilizing the middle east region so these people wo n't have to come . 
  accepting refugees is also a un guideline tho . 
  it is necessary to your argumentation to be rude ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we can have a discussion without all that . 
   as for your claim , romania barely spends 2 % of gdp in military and that 's out of a smallish gdp per capita . 
  we have like 9 `` modern '' refurbished f-16 airplanes ( bought 12 , from what i read the last 3 ones will be delivered in december ) . 
  you are delusional if you call romania militarized . 
  also , `` militarized '' does n't extend to just your military capability , but , in the current context , what 's happening on your territory . 
  i 'd say that is n't something to brush off . 
  we are a top threat , regardless if it 's because of our own military capability or by association and what comes with that ( especially with active us personnel and heavy equipment constantly present in our country , in a higher manner than , say , hungary , which is mostly ignored by russia ) . 
  so he was saying people should not be alarmed over the increased police presence ? 
  okay . 
  i get it now . 
  i think i 've heard a different tone from a news piece or something . 
  that was quite informative . 
  why was it deleted though ? 
  anyway , thanks for posting !, 
  how so ? 
  one of the thing it does is to research how militarized a country is and that is a thing putin does not like . 
  we 're the ones with the missile shield , we 're the one which just had a huge nato exercise on our territory , we 're the ones most trusted by nato in the black sea region and we 've always been good friends to the americans . 
  do you really think putin does not have us as a top threat ? 
  i 'd like it if he did n't , but he does . 
  check every country in the nato eastern line : http://visionofhumanity.org/indexes/global-peace-index/ ( interactive map , you can click on the countries ), 
  then again , it did irk me that he said `` people have nothing to be scared of '' . 
  sure , people go on living their lives , but you ca n't say that with a straight face when some of them might be the next ones affected by a terrorist attack . 
  i know it 's more likely for them to die in other non terrorist scenarios , but still , some will die in the next if there will be one and he just told them that they have nothing to afraid of . 
  of course everyone is going to be at least a bit nervous . 
  yeah , you do n't lose your values in the face of a terrorist attack , but you 'd be crazy not to fear that possibility that you might be in one . 
  edit : if you 're going to downvote me , at least tell me why . 
  not on people 's list , but on putin 's ? 
  for sure . 
  we 're the most militarized country in the eastern nato line . 
  edgy . 
  man , all i want is to see what your title promises to show . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm not upset , i 'm just saying that when you write `` europe '' , i go in with the assumption that there 's going to be data for eastern europe too . 
  most of the bases shown are in south western europe with the exception of three , maybe four if we count greece . 
  there 's more to europe than just that . 
  south western europe * . 
  please be specific next time . 
  yeah , i feel like it is n't just like a fight between two people where they can eventually make up and go on . 
  some people will always be upset at the others no matter what so it 's best we avoid sensible discussions , whether one 's right or the other . 
  and hopefully the leaders could act like adults . 
  follow protocol so we do n't seem hostile to each other and that 's it . 
  if we ca n't get closer than following standard protocol , that it 's fine , it is what it is , but at least not spark up more controversies because we have enough of them in europe as it is . 
  it 's complicated . 
  most of us ask ourselves : why do they want autonomy ? 
  what would that change for them , politically or economically or culturally ? 
  they have a right to education and services in their language , they have the right to wave their flag and put it anywhere besides public institutions . 
  they basically have everything they need . 
  and as much as hungary wants to accuse the dna of discrimination when they happen to accuse or arrest a udmr member because of something , the truth is that the udmr is corrupt . 
  not psd corrupt , but corrupt enough . 
  and many ethnic hungarians in romania know this too . 
  having those guy govern them would n't change much , especially knowing that such a change would bring a shift of power that could lead to all kinds of political games . 
  we just do n't see the benefit of autonomy . 
  ~ ~ like with spain ~ ~ , the constitution does not allow for autonomy . 
  maybe that could change , but there will not be , at least in the near future , a majority to vote for a change like that . 
  it 's just the truth . 
  and it would n't just be because of hungarians . 
  people just would n't vote for a change that would allow autonomy to any other part of the country . 
  there is a fear that they want autonomy and then they 'll want to be their own state ( see catalonia ) and then hungary is going to do some shady business with them . 
  hvim is already doing some shady business there and whatever romanians live there could be subject to oppression . 
  we 've had incidents .
