  it 's all in your president 's hands right now , afaik . 
   gigantic protests news say `` tens of thousands '' so not exactly gigantic . 
   no matter what approach poland will have towards the eu , it 's extremely unlikely that they would ever fall to russian propaganda and become russian-friendly . 
  poland is one of the most reliable countries if you look for someone who will support you against russia . 
  openly , no , of course not , but thing is ... russian propaganda or interests or influence have a way to slither around us without us even realizing . 
  i wish the people protesting in poland good luck because corruption is a good friend of russia and it must not be allowed to win . 
  rule of law needs to exist so it can stop such abuse of power . 
   closer military cooperation with the support of the us is also absolutely doable . 
  except out of all tsi countries , only romania , bulgaria , poland and the baltics care very much about the russian threat . 
  from the article itself it is revealed that croatia may not like the us very much , hungary 's orban is n't on bad grounds with putin and the rest of the countries think themselves too far away from the russian threat to treat it as seriously as the rest of us . 
   i know you might disagree with poland 's foreign policy . 
  i also do n't agree with all of what they do . 
  but the reality is that romania and poland are in a similar geopolitical position . 
  you should n't refuse all cooperation , just because you happen to not like the current polish government . 
  i do n't . 
  poland is the only v4 country which has the same interest as us when it comes to russia . 
  not that the other 3 do n't have their worries , but the two of us are very intense on this topic . 
  i just hope the current polish government does n't take on a `` western threat '' and allows itself to slowly fall in a hole of russian propaganda . 
  we may all seem alike from over there in norway , but i assure you we have different geopolitical interests . 
  romania , bulgaria and the baltics are more alike in their geopolitical interests than v4 , bar poland . 
  the tsi will not have great geopolitical ambitions because we do not agree on what is important in this matter . 
  in the article , croatian dude argues us is trying to fuck us . 
  romania on the other hand constantly works with us on defense . 
  the v4 leaders are somewhat euroskeptic , we are not . 
  i think countries like bulgaria and the baltics have views and a situation closer to our own than to v4 . 
  so tsi can only go so far in geopolitics . 
   possibly does have some geopolitical ambitions as well , probably , but mostly unachievable seeing as many of us have very different outlooks on how things should be done . 
  i would n't put elections as `` elections '' . 
  it 's pretty obvious that putin has at least 50 % + genuine approval . 
  they have internet . 
  it is n't restricted . 
  they choose to remain ignorant . 
  this . 
  english will probably remain , but i opt for trying to keep all of our languages relevant . 
  i would n't want our languages to fade away ever . 
  there 's just too much identity and culture around them . 
  it would be interesting if more people started learning spanish . 
  french is great , but the pronunciation is hell . 
  german is nice , but as a romance speaker it 's not the easiest option for me . 
  but hey ... how about all of you learn romanian and get it over with . 
  ^ ^ / s as a side note : i miss the multi language threads . 
  they were often tiring , but very fun and we get to speak our own language on / r/europe . 
  got ta call up those winchester boys . 
  everyone in europe is automatically subscribed . 
  not surprising . 
  it 's austria . 
  ukraine just ca n't catch a break , can they ? 
  the declaration asking for the retreat of russian troops has been approved with 61 votes . 
  socialists , though , walked out of the room saying that this will be seen as a provocation and will create tensions with russia and the transnistrian region . 
  the milk kings in the east !, 
  lol, 
  could you tell me the approx . 
  number of people protesting throughout poland ? 
  i assume this protest is highlighted by polish media a lot so there should be a count . 
  i asked in another thread , but no answer . 
   i expect more members to take their side . 
  rest of the v4 and who else ? 
  how many people across poland ? 
  you ca n't do nothing . 
  it would set a precedent and it 's not even in polish people 's interest . 
  what is this ? 
  let pis fuck up the rule of law so russia does n't fuck up poland 's rule of law ? 
  portugal is doing well considering the decriminalization . 
  it seems to work . 
  true . 
  i wanted to come here and say / r/statswithoutromania . 
  better than florida i guess . 
  * looks at hungary * it is time !!, 
  my point was that considering the eu can not kick our its members , nor is it in their interest to do so , especially not now , it is senseless to try to start a conversation about poland/hungary holding up eu values on the money issue . 
  all it will do is invite more hostility . 
  you do n't have to bring money to the table , you can just point out what and how they 're intentionally doing wrong and say `` well , you either stop this or we will vote for sanctions '' . 
  they may not stop with a warning , but they will change their mind with the sanctions . 
  the problem is ... can eu follow through such warnings ? 
  because if member states think they can get away with it , they 'll keep doing it . 
  basing your argument on `` i give you money so just be grateful you 're here '' creates an atmosphere that is not welcome in all of the cee . 
  nice attitude , considering you 're looking for a partnership with the eu/nato . 
   i was going to say something how rude you all romanians are , i in fact met your kin today , he was begging for spare change and was so angry i would n't spare him 0,20 $ , such poor fellows you lot are . 
  but what on earth has convinced you that i , as a morally upright person would follow ` right wing nutjob media ' ? 
  lmao . 
  buddy , resorting to xenophobia is a sign you 're desperate and losing an argument . 
  compromise rule of law = abuse of power . 
  while i 'm all for criticizing countries which do n't uphold eu values , this :  turn their back on europe and have a cynical approach to the union ** which gives them money ** is not a productive approach . 
  this is a simplistic view of how the european union works and even if it was n't , this is n't how you should go about getting these people , who have a certain kind of attitude , on the same page . 
  macron should know better as he seems to have good negotiating skills . 
  i get that macron is trying to play though and challenge poland , hungary ( and they should be challenged ) , but he should know the type of talk might not be seen favorable by any of the cee countries where the markets are flooded with western companies sending their profits back home . 
  so yeah ... challenge poland and hungary and whoever else , but challenge them in a way that does n't deceive or belittle the people and invites actual discussion about democracy , unity and principles . 
  i take the first option . 
  it is not anyone 's fault if polish people become anti eu over eu trying to protect the rule of law . 
   poles really do n't like when people from others countries tell us what we should do . 
  i think that favoring that stance than actually listening to the logic behind eu 's stance and why there needs to be some sort of consequences if pis does n't back down is quite stupid . 
  i mean , a core eu principle is the rule of law and if that is compromised it leads to corruption and abuse of power . 
  so yeah . 
  if the poles prefer telling the eu to `` suck it '' because of their ego than yeah , they will get whatever 's coming for them . 
  yeah , it can be , but not much the eu can do so ... it also ca n't let countries act this way so there needs to be some consequences . 
  poland 's kaczynski should stop being an arrogant corrupt asshole . 
   so what we have here is an abuse ( of their powers ) the irony . 
  but ... but ... 
  tea . 
  v4 `` agreement '' or `` organization '' or whatever it is was there before the refugee crisis . 
  pretty sure you guys agree on more than just rejecting immigrants otherwise there would n't have been a v4 .
