  and we know all about that . 
   you and your country should know better . 
  so you do n't just want your guns for hunting or for hobby , whatever that hobby implies , but you want the whole american thing with protecting yourself from the fascist government ? 
   i am opposed to any restrictions , of any type , even if it does n't concern me directly . 
  you can always move to * the land of the free and home of the brave * !!!, 
  let 's just hope you do n't die in a drive by shooting or a school shooting or a store shooting or you accidentally step on your neighbour 's lawn and they shoot you . 
  but hey !, 
  no restrictions !, 
  both have their faults . 
  the leave campaign seemed louder than the remain one , even if brits claim `` omg but everyone in the uk government wanted us to remain !! 1 '' . 
  a lot of young people did n't go to vote and it costed not just them , but everyone else who wanted to remain . 
  if they care so much , why did n't they go to vote ? 
  what did they think it was going to happen ? 
  the remain campaign also did not convince a lot of people to change their mind obviously . 
  these are all failures . 
  sad failures , but failures nonetheless . 
  the populist promises and propaganda of the leave side won . 
  it also has something to do with the culture * some of the people in uk have grown in and which they 've bitten into . 
  you ca n't really sell the `` taking back our country '' or `` gain independence '' ( lol ) in germany , but it did win a brexit in uk . 
  you ca n't really sell the `` immigrants are destroying our country '' in sweden , but it did win a brexit in uk . 
  see , i 'm not against people having legitimate reasons to vote leave , whatever these reasons are , even if it 's `` immigrants '' , but the people who voted leave were lied to by the ukip and none of them even acknowledges it . 
  that fake and outrageous sum of money uk government gave to the eu will go into the nhs ? 
  where is it ? 
  second day after referendum farage says he did n't say that while he had a bus going around the country with that very message . 
  make a campaign for leave if you want , but make it truthful . 
  teach people to fucking look up facts . 
  a lot of them did n't know the first thing about the eu . 
  bottom line , some did n't care enough and some were motivated by propaganda and lies . 
  this dude also wants us and bulgarians out of the eu . 
  he can go to hell . 
  france , we almost beat ya . 
  - they are latin and speak a romance language like us . 
  - they used to be a colonial power . 
  - really good at football . 
  won euro2016 . 
  - they have decriminalized all drugs . 
  - they are catholics . 
  - same sex marriage is legal over there . 
  - really beautiful country . 
  hope to visit one day . 
  maybe it is , but truth is that remainers lost the vote . 
  they should have gone out in bigger numbers and voted . 
  they should have known better . 
  wtf is wrong with them grabbing a person like that . 
  i hope they got arrested . 
  well , we are n't exactly balkans either , but yeah ... hungary 's going to be mad . 
  here we are then ... 
  it 's been a bumpy road and it is unfortunate everything escalated to the point of brexit , but it 's probably better this way at this point . 
  this could have gone so wrong . 
  not arguing for op , but just want to say that while flag burning might not be banned over there , i 've seen some reactions to us citizens stepping on the us flag and man ... it might as well be banned . 
  iirc spain has no problem if scotland exits the uk and then applies for membership to the eu . 
   according to bbc scotland , who interviewed a partido popular mep , asked them whether madrid would veto and received the reply that spain had no objection to scotland re-joining after the uk left . 
  he did state , however , that the application could only be made after brexit . 
  because the eu is n't just about free trade and we do n't even know what kind of trade deal the uk will get . 
  i assume it 's because the eu would find that it is in their interest to help scotland ? 
  uk exits eu , commonwealth supports it . 
  scotland exists uk , eu supports it . 
  i do n't know if they calculated wrong for finland , maybe they did , i do n't know , maybe it 's about the cost , but access to contraception is fairly easy here , especially in urban areas . 
  i suppose the reasons for our high teenage pregnancy rates are religion , education and poverty . 
  education is a very important factor because while contraception is accessible , teenagers are barely being taught about it . 
  we do n't have official sex ed afaik . 
  just some information introduced in anatomy classes . 
   also some who had previously served in the notorious arajs kommando commando unit , responsible for atrocities committed against jews , roma , and civilians along latvia 's border with the soviet union were transferred to the latvian legion . 
  am i really looking at a map that tells me finland has lower access to contraception than for example turkey and romania ? 
  i refuse to believe this . 
  yes . 
  because we have a history of horror with banned contraception during communism . 
  i think there 's a reason this post has so little karma . 
  i think many eastern countries had a lot of trouble because of the su , but none of us actively celebrate former nazis because both were bad . 
  yeah , i get that , but they were still bad people . 
  at least those from our country were . 
  it is actually illegal here to do anything of that sort and you can end up in prison . 
   if you live in an isolated village and your income is just the social benefits , you ca n't afford to go to the city ( since in your village , there 's no doctor ) several times to keep asking them if they brought the vaccine , like i did . 
  true , but that 's the situation with everyone living in that condition . 
  it 's not just the roma minority . 
  [ we had those too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_guard ) , but they were like ... nazis . 
  why do you celebrate them ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  # * break on through to the other side *, 
  romanian clay confirmed . 
  it 's called `` march for europe '' . 
  on march 25th , people from all over the eu will celebrate 60th anniversary of the treaty of rome , the treaty establishing the european economic community . 
  there will be marches in most eu countries . 
  you can find a [ map ] ( http://www.marchforeurope2017.eu/participate/ ) here , but if you ca n't find one in your country , you are encouraged to create your own event . 
  romania does n't show up on the map , for example , but we 've already created the event . 
  * i found an island in your arms * * country in your eyes *, 
  it 's because of all the [ extracurricular activities ] ( https://img.ifcdn.com/images/9a7c63083b5e0b242e8b95d5ac4337e428bb589099351062d77be3a96fed996c_1.jpg ) . 
   kinda neat do n't want to pick at things , but that kinda sounds like `` yay people are poorer than us '' . 
  lol, 
  it 's the new dacia sandero . 
  i just hope the dutch will be calculated in dealing with turkish citizens and diplomats in their country and not fall into this erdogan game . 
  this is escalating rather quickly . 
  i know erdogan is a drama queen , but is he kidding ? 
  what country would support this ? 
  there 's campaigning and making yourself look like an anti hero and then there 's being ridiculous . 
  then again , it 's ridiculous for us . 
  i do n't know if and how much his support has fallen since the attempted coup , but i would n't be surprised to find out that he 's not doing that bad in terms of voters . 
  the referendum failing does not necessarily mean he wo n't win other elections . 
  that guy has some moves ... lol, 
  nice !,
