  in case you forgot you 're leaving a union . 
  [ the majority of scots voted to stay . 
  and i just found this really nice video today . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dra7jyiojm ), 
  the eu is neither failing nor falling apart . 
  i love how bitter the uk is . 
  it would veto even things they benefit from if it means that would annoy the eu . 
  the long bitter con . 
  honestly , i 'm over brexit . 
  i 'm not sad , i 'm not happy , it 's just a fact now . 
  for all i care , uk could trigger article 50 tomorrow . 
  i just feel bad for the scots . 
  have n't they already done that ? 
  we remember it and i know some ukrainians feel disappointed with how slowly things progress between the eu and ukraine , but there 's not much we , on reddit , can do so your bitterness is misplaced . 
  hell no . 
  well , at least it looks as gay as true football which makes it european . 
  which no one else plays . 
  and it looks more like handball to me . 
  there 's only on type of football and that is ... well , football . 
  goddamn it , france !, 
  oh , god , no ! \u2122, 
  thanks !, 
  is there any website that contains information on how many refugees a country promised to take in and how many it has taken so far ? 
  by the way , i kind of agree . 
  greece and italy are being flooded with refugees and those countries ca n't hold them all . 
  sort out the economic migrants from refugees and relocate some of them to ease the pressure on greece and italy . 
  never heard of that song , but i know one of the artists . 
  not planning on listening to it either . 
  putin being smooched by an old lady  ) ), 
  looks a bit trippy . 
  well ... uhm , most of them . 
  this is what angered me the most reading through these replies from western people . 
  `` oh , but that 's your taste . '', 
  or `` how could you like the taste of the same product in my country ? 
  you do n't even know what it taste likes . '', 
  jesus , it 's like we 're not people , it 's like `` oh those others who obviously prefer a lower quality product than i have . 
  not just that , but they want to pay the same money or more money for that low quality product . '', 
   not all are scum , but there is a lot of moroccan scum in holland who makes the streets unsafe this sounds awfully familiar to what another politician said . 
  our budget for 2017 which has been approve 2 days ago includes 2 % for defense . 
   five countries meet the nato target - the us , poland , estonia , greece and the uk and romania . 
  14 days this year . 
  * glares at bulgaria *, 
  bolec and lolec . 
  yes , we 've had them . 
   well he is n't really dude ... you inaugurated a statue for fallen soviet soldiers . 
  soviet soldiers for christ 's sake ... 
  oh , you again . 
  well , all i can say is that last time putin was in your country , he threatened my country and poland with nuclear weapons and your officials said absolutely nothing . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you 'd rather lean on russia cause what ? 
  they would definitely not act in their own interest ? 
  russia is the definition of `` self interest above everything '' . 
  did you sarcastically put an / s there ? 
  yeah , that i can understand . 
  yeah , it must have been horrible , i understand that , but you have to consider what communism would have done to your country politically and economically . 
  i wo n't even mention the 15 years of soviet occupation , mass deportations , the annexation of basarbia , torture of the `` enemies of the regime '' and the like . 
  oh ... you better not oppress them , latvia . 
  then again , you were saved by the west from communism and thus you are a bit more advanced than us today . 
   churchill suggested that the soviet union should have 90 percent influence in romania and 75 percent in bulgaria ; the united kingdom should have 90 percent in greece ; and they should have 50 percent each in hungary and yugoslavia . 
   stalin did keep to his promise about greece , but did not keep his promise for romania , bulgaria , and hungary , which became one-party communist states with no british influence . 
  no idea . 
  maybe / u/karmagovernment can tell us ? 
  funny story : we had protests recently and one of the politicians we hate the most was mocked with signs saying `` erdogan de teleorman '' as in he 's acting like erdogan and he 's originally from the romanian county teleorman so sort of `` the erdogan from teleorman '' . 
  how big is that minority ? 
  ah yes , the glorious roman empire . 
  i do n't know , i knew bulgaria was more russia friendly than romania , but not to the point where the majority would choose russia when asked a question like this . 
  they 're in nato after all . 
  serbia is understandable and greece is just outright weird . 
  so is slovenia . 
  we 're orthodox too , but no way we 'd lean towards russia . 
  and we 're in the middle of it . 
  suddenly , we 're poland . 
  how do you rely on russia and us at the same time ? 
  they 're at odds with each other . 
  or at least they were before trump . 
  seriously ? 
  also ... 
  bulgaria ?? 
  what are you doing ?? 
  greece ?? 
  this is indeed a problem that has been mentioned before . 
  i think that these kind of actions should not be acceptable and the eu should definitely look into this . 
  so ... are we getting our treasury back ? 
  30 years ? 
  more like 4 years if the indifferent people do n't learn anything . 
  honestly , i loved the protests , and their support has fallen because of the events , but i am still unsure they wo n't be back a few years later . 
  while their number of voters is n't big , people just generally do n't vote . 
  only 40 % of the population voted in december , when we had parliamentary elections . 
  dacian ciolos you da real mvp < 3, 
  yes . 
  i think they like keeping us constantly in the streets . 
  i 'm so sick of this government , i would prefer `` brussels ' bureaucrats '' over them any day of the week . 
  i 'd simplify it as much as i can without losing any important details and spread it to the media and social media . 
  yeah , but it was n't exactly up to us . 
  if i was picking , we 'd be a founding member . 
  ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) this of course , after we grabbed corruption by the ... 
  it was romania playing though about canada lifting visas for us . 
  they said they will and we said alright . 
  it was the right thing to ask for it , but i think we should also have some public debate about the deal itself . 
  i 'd like to see the reason too .
