- people who still fight for it to become a better place . 
  - quality of life and all . 
  europe might be the best continent in that regard . 
  you have enough tourism . 
  let us suck the euromoneys . 
  i do n't know , the article says counter espionage , but i used counter intelligence . 
  are n't they the same thing ? 
  it 's related to the russians anyway . 
  there 's a list of things they called us for sure . 
  but yeah , nazis was one of them . 
  fascists to be more precise . 
  that 's exactly what they said too . 
  while also calling us nazis of course . 
  ** tl ; dt ( ranslate ) : ** it will be in bucharest and it will protect the two military headquarters in the country . 
  it will fight against information theft and it will try to make sure nato missions in the region go well . 
  nato asked for permission and klaus iohannis , the president , has already agreed . 
  now it is up for the parliament to agree , but they will most likely say * okay * . 
  the article also mentions that there will be a record number of nato troops on romanian soil this year . 
  it 's that time of the century when we get fucked . 
  orban is the president of that party and the pm . 
  i do n't think it 's a huge difference . 
  do they have to be to have officials investigated ? 
  he was pretty great in giving our politicians a lecture when the protests were going on . 
  glad he 's coming to speak to the citizens too . 
  i know he spoke fondly of us , the protesters . 
  terrible news !, 
  hopefully those who are injured make it through !, 
  i 'll be pissed if they do . 
  nato is a defensive alliance . 
  no nato member was attacked = no need for the rest of us to get into this goddamn mess . 
  someone needs to show him the toiler paper with his face on from ukraine . 
  lol actually , no , do n't , that might escalate the war . 
  edgy . 
  people can do that , of course . 
  i think most people realize that this was a sad event that should n't have happened , but that 's it ... we do n't need to have some big governmental manifestation of remorse for russia because i do n't want their fucked up leader to profit from this tragedy to gain any support from europe . 
  make no mistake that putin will profit greatly because of what happened . 
  he 's just that kind of cockroach . 
  a person on the internet makes you question your support for an eu army ? 
  why `` pe '' when it says '' * at * fool moon '' ? 
  we do n't exactly have friendly relations with russia . 
  i 'm not trying to justify their deaths or anything , i just pointed out that people do have in fact something to do with how politicians get in certain position and what these politicians do . 
  no , i just corrected him . 
  you ca n't say people have fuck all to do with what the politicians they elected do . 
  lots of citizens from russia like and vote for putin . 
  you ca n't take all that responsibility away . 
  the same way some of my country 's citizens keep voting some corrupt idiots . 
   for example , turkey 's accession has been rejected by 60-90 % of europe for the last 25 years ; why has n't the process been killed yet ? 
  did n't they kill talks with turkey ? 
  turkey will not enter eu . 
  chill . 
   how about the eu starts with respecting the opinion of its people , mmh ? 
  everyone knows orban is nuts . 
  if anything 's dysfunctional , it 's his views . 
   citizens have fuck all to do with the power plays of politicians and leaders mhm ... 
  yes , definitely . 
  the news here have given a few possibilities , saying that russia definitely has a lot of enemies ... 
  i do n't know what to say , but obviously it 's not good ... 
  no , but to be fair trump was voted by quite a few so ... 
  really nice work with portugal 's flag . 
  [ our is right above yours . 
  those are barbaric countries !!!, 
  sub do n't dub !, 
  for the moment at least . 
  we ( eu ) may be richer , but that does n't mean we can keep everyone under our protections . 
  there are a lot of non europeans countries that can take some refugees that really need help , it does n't have to be just us and a few non european countries . 
  i 'm for helping people fleeing to save their lives , but : 1 . 
  they need to be documented properly . 
  no more `` hey , i 'm a refugee too . 
  / s let me in ! '', 
  because i 'm sure that many economic migrants got in eu by taking advantage of the refugee crisis . 
  i get that coming from a really poor country is no joke , that these people need some sort of help as well , but they have to go through the process like other economic migrants . 
  they need to accept that we have different values . 
  they are not on a vacation and they do not have a right to impose their culture on others as they are just here temporarily until the situation calms down and they can go back . 
  aw , a heart < 3, 
  we do n't look like a fish no more . 
  genuinely curious : what uninformed decision switzerland has taken through a referendum that stands out ? 
  here in romania they are praised by good journalists for their basic income referendum saying that the people are educated enough to vote against it and that if that referendum was held in romania , where economical education is ... bad , it would have had a different outcome . 
  no worries . 
  british . 
  i think i do . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/kinda#pronunciation https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/apple#pronunciation a in apple is a clear a while a in kinda is sort of like * uh * . 
  no problem . 
  glad we could solve it in the end . 
  haha . 
  i think you 're playing the joke on me . 
  ahahhaha was the video not helpful ? 
  yes . 
  i 'll try one more time haha . 
  or for example when you say `` kinda '' . 
  the a sound in kinda is \u0103 . 
  while for `` a '' think about `` amor '' . 
  the spanish word . 
  look , i found a [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/b-joabji0ss?t=9 ) , but the voice is a bit weird . 
  i hope you get the picture though . 
  is that gibberish ? 
  lol, 
  - a from apple , accident . 
  - \u0103 from about , abuse . 
  yes , there is . 
  it 's a different pronunciation to distinguish words or the meaning of the words .
