  - wolves - bears - lynxes - vipers - boars - jackals and we used to have bison but now they only live in a natural reservation . 
  nah , we 're not the riverlands . 
  i guess it can be either baratheon or arryn . 
  well during the interbellum we were greater romania . 
  we had a big territory and we were somewhat of a liberal constitutional monarchy . 
  the 1929 crisis hit hard but we recovered . 
  most of the people were employed in the agriculture sector though . 
  then all that slowly turned into an authoritarian regime . 
  the constitution of 1923 gave the king free rein to dissolve parliament and call elections at will . 
  as a result , romania experienced over 25 governments in a single decade . 
  the thing is , romania had oil and a lot of it . 
  this is a table of [ oil production measured in tones ] ( http://www.popularsocialscience.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/lakatos4.jpg ) . 
  so we had this plus other natural resources . 
  later , due to our oil refineries , we became one of the top oil exporters and an important tool in the german war machine . 
  many [ allied soldiers died trying to bomb those oil refineries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_tidal_wave ) . 
  i would n't necessarily bet money against the lannisters right now . 
  it 's game of thrones ... 
  fuck no , i 'm not taking ramsay bolton as a peer . 
  * hisses *, 
  honestly no idea where romania would be included . 
  it depends . 
  the majority of them , as a block , are seen in a positive light , but of course , whenever they mock us or use us as a propaganda tool to scare people and gain votes , that becomes bothersome . 
  for all of them ? 
  nice . 
  i already live in a former communist country , but if i had to choose another one , i 'd probably choose germany . 
  probably . 
  i mean no offence to croatia or anything , but you `` just got here '' and you being in schengen while we 'd still be outside after we invested so much money and effort in this thing , it would piss us off a lot . 
  problem is , corruption is not part of the criteria . 
  and if it were , the eu parliament said we 're ready then we are ready because they have accesss to information from the cvm and did n't find it to be a issue that should keep us out of schengen . 
  besides , quite a few of our neighbours have corruption problems as well , but they were not kept out it seems . 
  not to mention that we 're willing to support anti corruption measures not only in our country , but at eu level , where some members who might benefit from it dismissed our proposals . 
  god save the eu from my wrath if you guys let croatia in before us . 
  because every member has to the right to veto our entry in schengen . 
  while the majority did n't veto our entry , germany , the netherlands and finland did , saying that they do n't think we met the criteria . 
  funnily enough , the eu parliament and the rest of the member states think we did . 
  actually , the eu parliament stated they 're in favor of our entry back in 2011 , 6 years ago . 
  it honestly gets to a point where it 's making people angry here and i would n't want to see skepticism grow out of this . 
  well , i hope it 's not , because that would mean that germany , the netherlands and finland do n't know how schengen works . 
  romanians already have freedom of movement , showing id at the schengen border is n't a huge deal , although it still feels wrong . 
  you can still go everywhere in the eu you want , but you have to show id at the schengen border . 
  schengen primarily benefits the fast and easy movement of goods . 
   the principle of schengen is to bring countries closer together and increase international cooperation , trade and ultimately to aim for a peaceful resolution to disputes . 
  one of the key benefits to businesses in the catchment area is the speed with which goods and services can travel across country borders -- thus making them more competitive compared to those arriving from non-schengen member states . 
  it is a major factor contributing to the eu as the world 's largest economic area . 
  our entry in schengen being put off for 6 years despite eup conclusion . 
  we do n't have their political capital or influence . 
  otherwise a particular injustice would have been solved by now . 
  i do n't usually mind it since we 're generally on the same page , but sometimes our interests are brushed aside even though we rarely cause the eu political problems . 
  against . 
  i think we have some sort of `` cure for the black cat bad luck '' here too , i just do n't remember exactly what it is . 
  i think it was taking 3 steps back and making the cross sign . 
  poor cats . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.aktual24.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/liviu-dragnea-premier.jpg ) is the poster boy for corruption , which we 're still fighting , and he makes our lives a living hell , both politically and economically . 
  he tried legalizing corruption once and [ this ] ( http://www.unitischimbam.ro/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/protest-5-februarie-2017.jpg ) happened . 
  it 's not enough though . 
  too much indifference in this country when it 's important : at the polls . 
  he 's the leader of the social democrats , but they 're sd just with the name , they 're basically just a mafia party . 
  even the european sd tried to get rid of them . 
  our opposition is n't that great either and by that i do n't mean that they 're necessarily bad , certainly not comparable to the sdp , but it 's like ... they 're not even trying very hard . 
  then again , sdp is a master of art when it comes to selling the whole `` bigger salaries '' propaganda . 
  it 's quite complicated . 
  bottom line is we could have been in such a better place today if it were n't for this party . 
  so many : - black cat crosses your path means it 's bad luck . 
  - if you forget something at home , do n't go back to take it because you 'll have a bad day . 
  - bag on the ground ? 
  you 'll lose money . 
  also , do n't put money on bed , you 'll lose them . 
  - if you stay in the corner of the table , you will never get married . 
  in the same category enters the saying that if you sweep someone , she or he will never get married . 
  - this is from when people kept their dead relatives at home for 3 days before burying them : the dead relative used to be kept in a casket on a table . 
  cats and dogs , if you have any in the house , are not allowed to pass under the table because the dead person will turn into a [ strigoi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strigoi ) . 
  - if you have the hiccups , that means that somebody is thinking about you . 
  - opening an umbrella inside the house ? 
  bad luck . 
  - breaking a mirror is 7 years of bad luck . 
  whistling inside the house also brings bad luck . 
  - spilling salt means there will be a fight in your family . 
  you have to put water on the salt that you spilled to escape it . 
  - putting more plates on the table means that you will have guests . 
  - when it comes to offering flowers , you should always bring an odd number of flowers . 
  bouquets with even numbers are reserved for funerals , so offering such a bouquet on any other occasion is believed to bring bad luck ( and even death ) . 
  and i mean constant . 
  2016 feels like it was a million years ago . 
  i miss it so much . 
  most of the people in those positions were party members . 
  they 're not viewed in a great way , especially since some of them survived the transition and own all sorts of things in the country , but it is what it is . 
  your analogy does n't work that well . 
  they were n't simple citizens with no affiliation to the communist party who took these jobs , they were communists . 
  someone else mentioned communists cops and that 's something that still has bad connotations here too . 
  police now are called `` poli\u0163ia '' , it used to be called `` mili\u0163ia '' during communism . 
  if a cop were to , for example , act in a way that may bring back memories from the communist times , he 'd be referred to , by the people , as a `` mili\u0163ian '' . 
  same goes for the secret service . 
  it has left a mark on the people because during communism , ceausescu 's secret service was everywhere , undercover among the people . 
  you have to remember that communism bred a lot of nepotism so most of the people working in the state apparatus were communists . 
  it 's a bit different with the romanian army . 
  the soldiers are n't exactly blamed a lot , but their superiors ( generals , etc. ), 
  are blamed , especially for what happened at the beginning of the 1989 revolution when they gave orders to the army to shoot their own people and quite a few died . 
  i remember my mother was at the revolution and witnessed older women telling young soldiers that we are their people , that they should not shoot their own people . 
  later the army was on the people side , but there are still these superiors who gave the orders that people still hate . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't have much information from the time of the soviet occupation , just from ceausescu 's era .
