  we 've initially made some progress and i think we would have made more recently if this stupid ngo would n't have showed up out of nowhere with their stupid initiative , but that 's how things are here ... you think they 're going well until they are n't . 
  hopefully we can progress in all areas in the future . 
   `` pay us because we 're ee and poor '' , this is what i do n't agree with . 
  we 're not given free money , we 're paying too . 
  sure , we 're not net contributors yet , but that money certainly does n't come free , especially with the sm that allows western companies to flood in ee like hot bread 's on sale ( a sort of saying ) and send that sweet money home . 
  so yeah , i guess i agree on the overall sentiment . 
  there 's loads to be done on both sides , though east more than the west in terms of cooperation and values such as lgbt rights , etc. . 
  mistake . 
  if only . 
  what bush and blair did after 9/11 in the middle east , especially in iraq , was with intent and it still has effects to this day . 
  as you and i can see , that is moving extremely slowly . 
  you can still up your defense and later direct it to a european army when that is established but there is a long , long way until that , if it ever is to happen . 
  or so it seems to me . 
  and while us easterners do n't love trump , we know that we need his army in case something happens , because right now there is no other choice but catering to the west and us 's needs in hope that if something is to happen , they 'll be there to help . 
  which is why we 're always there when called upon and still have soldiers deployed in the middle east for example . 
  in another thread here , about a opinion poll on whether or not westerners would want their armies to help out the east in case of a russian attack , a lot of countries scored badly and this makes us edgy . 
  those are opinion polls that russia needs in order to fabricate some stupid propaganda that advocates for countries to leave nato and caters to the extremists but not only . 
  and i 've had a few discussion with westerners that really left me wondering ... 
  truth is , a lot of easterners fear that us might be the only shot in case something happens ( and even that 's not 100 % ) because the west has abandoned them once before . 
  maybe this fear is founded , maybe not , but i think it 's a valid fear when in the west we 're being used as propaganda material to encourage and justify big political changes . 
  i 've literally been told by someone who was not a troll that the west should seriously consider allowing russia to annex eastern europe because their interests stop there so for the sake of world peace ( no war between the west and russia ) they should have it . 
  so yeah , i agree with you , on the european dream and the whole thing about fighting us 's wars in the name of oil , but there is a lot to be established until then . 
  sorry for the long ass reply , maybe i 'm not even making sense , i 've had one too many tonight . 
  that is true and trump is a twat , but he is right that european countries should spend more . 
  sure , maybe not say it in front of the world and act like you wo n't help back when they 've helped you with 9/11 even if it was a massive fuck up , but we need to start spending , for our own sake . 
  the truth is that trump or not , 2024 or not , some countries , especially some western countries , do not feel the need to up their defense and thus do n't want to . 
  it all depends on us , on the people . 
  i want to believe , realistically , that it may not happen tomorrow , but not in 100 years either . 
  and they 'd be able to do both if they were n't so busy being stealing when they can . 
  if there were enough people who disliked putin in russia , not even putin could stop a revolution of that scale . 
  truth is , russians who dislike putin are a minority . 
  i reckon canada would be able to get along with the eu better than uk did in the last few years . 
  canadians are quite eager to be involved in a relationship with the eu . 
  or maybe that 's how it seems to me at the moment . 
  after all , they 're not the ones being invited at eurovision . 
  officially , but i 'm pretty sure he said just to not seem that big of a fan . 
  declarations like that mean nothing when it comes to trump . 
   we had a small period before decretul 770 where it was legal as well , but then ceausescu banned it for pretty much the same reason as pis here . 
  that is true , which is why i mentioned that it was for the short time . 
   before 1967 , the romanian abortion policy was one of the most liberal in europe . 
  because the availability of contraceptive methods was poor , abortion was the most common means of family planning . 
  pis , though , has also a religious motive because they cater to the conservative electorate which is similar to ours now . 
  meanwhile ceausescu 's decision back then had not much to do with religion and had a more practical intent . 
  nope , i meant stoltenberg . 
  this happened in romania , not in the ussr . 
  i do n't know if the ussr ever banned abortions , but our dictator did so to increase the population and workforce . 
  it was for a short time , but it did have quite the effect . 
  communists were the ones to ban abortions back in the 60s . 
  many women died in horrible conditions . 
  jesus , trump 's handshake is horror . 
  they 'd be incredibly stupid to try that . 
  fuck that . 
  communist idiots can go fuck themselves . 
  juncker does it with friends that allow him to . 
  trump just met these people , esp . 
  the montenegro pm who 's new . 
  context matters . 
  the only thing that this means , for russia and nato , is weakness unfortunately . 
  by more than one way of doing things you mean be very annoying and rude ? 
  no thank you . 
  `` this ai n't a fashion magazine photoshoot , pls . '', 
  thought trudeau was the youngest . 
  he looks younger than macron . 
  look at how the nato general secretary looks at them lmao . 
  hahaha . 
  i watched the nato meeting live and the comments i 've seen from americans had me facepalm so hard . 
  but then again , it was youtube . 
  because you 're expected not to act like you 're 5 , especially when you hold such a powerful position . 
  because of diplomacy . 
  because of decency . 
  i do n't know ... you choose . 
  i saw it when i watched live , but i thought i was mistaken . 
  jesus christ ... it 's not a small incident . 
  this man has weird mannerism and acts weird as fuck , not to mention rude . 
  this guy seems taken out of a bad comedy . 
  does he genuinely think that will happen ? 
  i just pointed out a fact . 
  chill . 
  it 's ridiculous to assume only british pensioners immigrate . 
  well , that 's your problem for allowing that . 
  there are ways to prevent that from happening , but the government needs to be serious and practical about integration . 
  they can still keep traditions and language as long as they also integrate by british societal rules ( learn the language , follow laws of local community , follow social rules of local community , etc. ) . 
  they are not mutually exclusive , but if there 's a situation like that , your government should look into the causes of it and how it can be helped . 
  then i would say you should know better than this because your own family has been through this in the past . 
  they were immigrants and if people had this attitude , maybe you would n't have been born in the uk . 
  i 'm already imagining that your family , if the description is true , has dealt with at least a bit of xenophobia and racism , so you 're a bit of funny guy suggesting that this view from the statistic is not ignorant . 
  let me ask you . 
  you , right now , or your family , when they first came to uk ... how did you damage the `` british culture '' ? 
  what did you do to it that these people feel threatened by you ? 
  those are , in most cases , rhetoric questions , unless you 're a part of a very , very small minority who either tries to impose their customs or traditions on the `` local people '' ( which i suppose is illegal in some sort of form and can be combated ) or not integrating at all ( not even knowing the language very well , for example , which is not illegal but can be `` fixed '' with the help of the british government who can encourage immigrants to fit in . 
  for example : offer language courses and generally making sure they 're not viewed as scum by the society ) . 
  what kind of outrageous advice is that ??? 
  no , i 'm saying that by `` dint of their ancestry '' , british people should have more self awareness when it comes to talking about immigrants and cultures . 
  your country 's colonial history is a factor that should be taken into account . 
  and besides , as if other people 's opinions ever weigh more than those of `` pure '' british ancestry . 
  racism ? 
  you 're white , i 'm white . 
  there is no racism or even xenophobia to talk about . 
  y' all just get extremely sensitive when people tell you that you might be ignorant . 
  what argument do you expect when you say `` as they say , men control the world and women control the men .
