  becuase the emergency ordinances were passed at around 9-10pm and they were not on the schedule . 
  last night , like every other year , we did the whole daylight saving time thing by advancing the clock with one hour . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/klaiv5q.jpg ) is what psd leader posted . 
  the image says `` they plan on changing the hour !, 
  at night , like thieves !!, 
  #resist #won ` tsleep '' . 
  yes , he 's an asshole . 
  there 's more so other romanians feel free to add or correct any information . 
  even us ? 
  hahaha . 
  * love is in the air ! ~ *, 
  if they were members of our government or just psd/alde members then they can go to hell . 
  italy can keep them in a prison or something . 
  if they were just diplomats ... 
  i guess that 's okay . 
  ahahah but it 's good our president is there to represent us because he 's a decent man at least . 
  it 's so nice it was such a big event in italy . 
  not that big here , but i guess we can be forgiven since we made that eu human flag . 
  haha, 
  lol, 
  we did something similar with a big flag and balloons . 
  but we had trouble with the gendarmes so . . yeah . 
  very nice picture though !, 
  good luck !, 
  we 're on our way to where we were 10 years ago so dear bulgarians , vote and be careful what you vote for !, 
  wow ... 3 parties with strong ties to russia and one party with strong ties to turkey . 
  mhmm . . not good . 
  i 'm so pissed they had nice clothes . 
  so what ? 
  at least europeans have a personal life and can go on vacations to relax . 
  what 's the point of being a robot ? 
  russia needs to stfu . 
  will they give everyone in the eu visa free travel ? 
  i 'm guessing some of these guys were in touch with isis somehow or they searched the web for information on how to do certain things . 
  true , some were lone wolves who planned everything themselves , but some of them might have communicated with other isis members . 
  i do n't know , i 've seen cases of kids fleeing to join isis and the parents being devastated . 
  it can be both : parents did not integrate or parents did integrate , but kids got influenced by social media . 
  this attacker , like most of the other attackers that committed terrorist acts in europe in the last 3 years , was born here , in europe so people need to stop saying immigration is the main factor of terrorism because apparently it 's not . 
  it can be a factor as it can bring more terrorists in the countries , but in most recent cases , it is not . 
  a lot of these attackers in the last 3 years were also people who were on the authorities ' shit list for various reasons . 
  how come you can not prevent a terrorist attack when you 're supposed to keep an eye on a dude that was accused of extremism ? 
  and let 's remember that one of the guys responsible for the paris attacks was hunted for 4 months and then found where ? 
  very close to his childhood home in molenbeek . 
  exactly . 
  the police opened a criminal case . 
  here 's a link in english : http://www.romania-insider.com/bad-joke-police-alerted-pranksters-imitate-terror-attack-ploiesti/, 
  they do n't allow certain russians into the country . 
  they 're in a war , remember ? 
   a mandatory upload filter on all user-created content that websites should install . 
  ( a proposal that affects places like youtube and tumblr by making a souped-up contentid system to catch copyright content the moment it is uploaded ) my question is , at least regarding to youtube , why ca n't a person post copyright content for free while giving the legit owners the right to monetize the views of that content ? 
  afaik [ youtube is already doing this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ezbtl ) ( giving creators the option of monetizing the video ) so why stop now ? 
   controls on how news links can be shared on the internet aka . 
  the link tax . 
  ( a proposal that affects places like reddit that wants to give a copyright to any short content that comes with links , and charge fees for sharing them ) this is another level of nope nope nope . 
  if you 're rich then yes . 
  hahaha, 
  well , we really drink to forget ... ~ ~ that psd exists . ~ ~, 
  tea is the way you heathens !, 
  btw is there a statistic for tea ? 
  it would be interesting . 
  i thought we say `` s\u0103n\u0103tate ! '', 
  i think that 's common knowledge at this point . 
  this . 
  thanks !, 
  damn ... there 's only one eu judge in that court afaik . 
  across europe . 
  look at the `` participate '' page and you 'll see more locations . 
  if there is n't one in your country , you can create an event yourself . 
  how ... did you get that ? 
  i edited my comment and taken out that part minutes ago . 
  haha, 
  what the hell is this ... 
  what ? 
  the allies helped greece against the communists . 
  they were damn lucky not to have that . 
  look at where it got us ... 
  that 's true . 
  it 's the same with latin . 
  - invented democracy hah - but they broke as hell now because they did n't copyright that shit . 
  - lots of people go there on vacation . 
  - greek mythology starring fuckboy zeus . 
  - i remembered i actually went to a highschool that taught greek to certain classes . 
  - they invented the olympic games too . 
  - we 're both orthodox . 
  - feta 's great . 
  - no , really , it 's a beautiful country . 
  you should see it . 
  i did n't visit it yet , but my sister went there at least 5 times . 
  it is . 
  and it 's not just this , they do a lot of bad things for the country ... they 're pretty much cancer for romania . 
  sorry , forgot to mention it 's for state employees only . 
  and apparently it 'll be done over the period of 4 year while they 're governing . 
   i mean , it does n't even make any sense - would it mean that someone who currently earns 800 euro is gon na get 1600 euro , but someone who earns 875 is gon na be stuck with that ? 
  welcome to romania ran by psd . 
  you 're pleasantly surprised when something makes sense . 
   a ) that support is appreciated . 
  check . 
   b ) not too much of it is wasted on blatant corruption . 
  what can we say ? 
  600k people and more than a month of protest just in romania and the government only dismissed one minister .
