  i have to agree in the sense that the whole uk election was pushed down our throats too much . 
  not just that , but there were off-topic posts and duplicates and here i was waiting for the moderation team to approve a relevant ( for almost everyone ) link until i got frustrated and just deleted it . 
  thanks very much for the info !, 
  thank god he resigned . 
  what a pig . 
  who cares if the scandinavians get offended ? 
  i bet they 're not even the most significant group of bulgarian tourists so his statement makes no sense . 
  anyway , what an asshole . 
  hope the swedish guy pays for what he did . 
  can you explain this more please ? 
  i can still remember some comments before he was elected ... `` how is he going to take care of this country if he has no child ? '', 
  wow @ hungary and finland tho . 
  what a scumbag ... hope authorities do n't let him off the hook too easily . 
  he needs to pay for what he did . 
  ay damn ... he must have been in a lot of pain and scared . 
  poor thing . 
  what is this about ? 
  seems like lots of people are there . 
  how is this relevant to / r/europe ? 
  it 's not even translated . 
   the only non-european immigrationt those people had was from vietnamese and if you think that refugees from mena countries will be so easy to integrate and problem-free you are dellusional . 
  no one said it 'll be easy . 
  but it is n't impossible . 
  meanwhile we can work on stabilizing the mena region so they can go back asap . 
  kinda hard with us/russia playing their political games there and with some western countries funding countries like saudi arabia who might be funding terrorists , but yeah . 
   there are fears over immigration from serbia in slovakia and we are talking incomming wave of working people in numbers under 10k that are actually needed for our economic benefit . 
   and oh , i can already see eu shitting all over us because they will consider accomodation , which is on par with what low income people get from state by the way , unsatisfying and low standard . 
  like that shit will happen and it will only further aggravate people . 
  refugees are paid for by the european union . 
  they can not work , not at first anyway . 
  this is what the eu pays for : * improvements of reception accommodation infrastructures or services * structures and training to ensure access to asylum procedures * legal and social assistance for asylum seekers , refugees * measures to support the empowerment of and acquisition of skills by refugees , including language training * resettlement or relocation ( i.e. 
  intra-eu transfer ) operations , etc. 
  i 'd like a link on the turkey subject if you do n't mind . 
  i 'm curious about that because i do n't remember , but who knows . 
  some gypsies are integrated , some are not , same with other countries not just eastern europe . 
  it seems to me that western europe ca n't integrate them all either so i would n't be too cocky if i were you . 
  i do n't have to prove a claim you made . 
  you have to prove it yourself . 
  i ca n't do your work , buddy . 
  i think you should stop talking about other countries you know nothing about . 
  believe it or not , countries in ee are n't as homogeneous as you think they are and have had to integrate all sorts of people , be it muslims or other nationalities . 
   pro-russian [ the nonesense you people say . 
  well , sorry , if you do n't like representative democracy , you have to protest for that and hope there 's enough people who want a direct democracy in your country . 
  i ca n't change that for you . 
  the number you have ( which is wrong by the way , you did n't even bother to copy that statistic correctly ) is just the refugees from the relocation program . 
  in fact , romania has taken 913 refugees in 2015 and some 800 in 2014 . 
  czechia is richer than us and they 're only committed to 2k . 
  we are committed , besides the ones we had before the relocation program begun , to 6k . 
  [ x ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/romania-supports-now-eu-refugee-decision-09-23-2015 ) what does denmark have ? 
  oh , right , an opt-out . 
  what do ukrainians have to do with this and what do i care about what organization czechia has if czechia does n't want to follow a democratic decision or support the consequences of not following said democratic decisions ? 
  if this was romania , everyone 's would be like `` just kick them out . '', 
  representative democracy . 
  look it up . 
  you 're not in switzerland . 
  you 're suggesting that all this had to do with brexit when in fact the brexit campaign was all about those damned eastern europeans coming here and * takin er jebs * and less about non eu immigration . 
  i 've been told quite a few times by brits that `` well , at least indians , pakistanis , etc. 
  are well educated unlike eastern europeans '' so i do n't know why you 'd think the refugee crisis was why brexit happened . 
  let 's see how that would turn out because let me tell you , czechia is not the uk . 
  their landlocked too . 
  you do know that british people think indians and pakistanis are better immigrants than romanians , bulgarians , lithuanians , poles , etc. 
   czech republic sent policemen to hungary two years ago , to help them to guard their fence . 
  this has to be the funniest shit i 've read today . 
  agreed . 
  and this is something that was democratically voted on . 
  at least , if you do n't follow the rules , shut up and accept the consequences of your actions aka sanctions . 
  they think they can have their cake and eat it but it does n't work like that . 
  roland garros is a major tournament , but i will delete it if it breaks the rules . 
  what was that ? 
  `` annex all of bulgaria , please '' ? 
  this was voted on though . 
  this is what was agreed upon by the majority minus 4 countries which are really 3 because one changed its mind . 
  edit : when you 're so desperate , you 're downvoting facts . 
  [  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/862/065/0e9.jpg ), 
  https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170516_update_of_the_factsheet_on_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf 277 from the relocation program . 
  probably they have some before that because this only counts the relocation from greece and italy . 
  for example romania shows up with just 568 , but we already received 1k in 2015 before the relocation program started , and some more , i do n't know how many , in 2014 . 
   people should have a right to resist being displaced . 
  not when they 're refugees . 
  they are n't on vacation . 
  they will be displaced to keep countries from getting overwhelmed . 
  this was voted on , it won with a majority and it is happening . 
  basically just 4 countries were against this , including my own which has since changed its mind . 
  this does n't have that big of a opposition as people here think . 
  it will solve the current problem : help those overwhelmed countries . 
  what we do afterwards can be discussed . 
  merkel just followed the geneva convention . 
  it is true that the whole thing was handed poorly , with identification and all , but it would have been done either way because those are international rules . 
  sorry , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  he just reminded the people that being an eu member is not all just `` fun '' . 
  it 's also a way to establish that their plan might be quite serious . 
  so i think the word `` slams '' in the title is exaggerated . 
  juncker has his faults , but this one ai n't it . 
  people are just sticking up for czechia because the majority here do n't want to help italy/greece with their problems and they do n't understand that they are signatories of the geneva convention . 
   yes ? 
  not our problem . 
  the geneva convention says otherwise . 
   90 % of them are like 20 year old men . 
  source please . 
  your ass does n't count .
