  i imagine that they should be evenly spread out . 
  spain has so many . 
  we joined in 2007 . 
  croatia joined in 2013 . 
  none for us ? 
  i can understand that , but i think people should know more than `` it 's just a trade deal '' . 
  after all , it will affect our countries . 
  people want to know how and if it 's positive . 
  they will most probably vote in favor of it . 
  what 's bothersome about this whole ordeal is that ceta is not explained to the people , especially in a manner in which they 'd understand . 
  i know the details of the deal have been public for a while now , but since media barely talks about it , most people do n't have ceta in mind , neither do they seek that information about it . 
  look at our country voting yes with no actual debate other than lifting visas . 
  the average citizen has no idea what ceta implies . 
  even i do n't know much . 
  i guess some people would be angry about the ceta deal since the ro\u0219ia montan\u0103 event shaped their view of canadian companies . 
   maybe they bring them from the other planets . 
  that theory is reserved for jewish people . 
  that 's what youtube told me . 
   `` not recongnizing '' thing has halted progress very much by isolating our land locked country and has made traveling much harder most countries in europe recognize kosovo 's independence . 
  mine does n't . 
  well , france will be no problem . 
  especially after they surrender . 
  so as i understand it : - le pen has the biggest support out of them all . 
  - she will likely face macron in the second round . 
  - she will lose if hamon 's and fillon 's supporters vote for macron , which they 're likely to do . 
  mosaic germany . 
  well , i mean , we were surrounded by slavs and hungary and we 're still speaking a romance language so yeah . 
  although in this case it would be much harder than that . 
  anything below 0 and above 30 is just a no go for me even if we get such temperatures here . 
  moderate weather best weather . 
  i guess someone had the take the burden of looking like a penis off of scandinavia . 
  and hey , at least it 's ... oh no . 
  it 's florida . 
  and somehow we 're still near russia . 
  still , i do n't want him as an ambassador . 
  he does n't sound like your typical anti eu guy , he sounds like a psychopath with his `` i destroyed the soviet union , i can this destroy this union too '' rhetoric . 
  france is interesting ... 
  i 'm just glad we 'll be 100 % independent from russian gas and they will have no means to blackmail us . 
   oil and gas company black sea oil & gas , fully owned by carlyle international energy partners , will begin the gas production in the black sea in mid-2018 , when romania will also become a gas exporter , said niculae havrilet , president of the romanian energy regulatory authority ( anre ) , reports local agerpres . 
   black sea oil & gas leased two oil blocks in the romanian black sea continental shelf , namely midia and pelican perimeters . 
   according to havrilet , the production will amount to one billion cubic meters of gas in the first year , and will increase gradually in the coming years to up to 4 billion cubic meters per year . 
  by comparison , romania 's annual gas consumption now stands at 12 billion cubic meters , whereas imports range between 500 and 600 million cubic meters per year . 
   romania will no longer need to import , but will need to create conditions for gas exports , havrilet added . 
   romanian group omv petrom and american exxonmobil have also discovered gas in the black sea and may start production towards the end of this decade . 
  everyone should use polymer banknotes . 
  how do we do that though ? 
  i despise the guy . 
  this . 
  when i read `` complex and brutal history with oncoming muslim invaders '' and poland , i was like ?? 
  well , times have changed . 
  they wo n't turn into nazis again and they might as well help , at least for the sake of what happened last time . 
   but if the war is conventional and france is n't threatened ... no nukes . 
  agreed . 
   it 's a normal attitude and what would you want your country to do if russia nukes , say , poland ? 
   so ... you want france to launch a preemptive nuclear attack on bucharest ? 
  i 'm sure it can be done . 
  * under nuclear protection * means that if you try to liberate it after they 've annexed it , they 'd nuke you . 
  i do n't want nukes to be used at all . 
  all i 'm saying is that russia is an unpredictable power and we should be aware of that . 
  it does not , but russia is a country with nukes . 
  afghanistan was n't . 
  it 's peacetime and they 're not below making threats of nuclear wars . 
  what do you think it would happen if a war actually broke out ? 
  they 'd obviously use their nuclear capabilities as a sort of boogeyman even if they wo n't , or at least not immediately , use them . 
  what stops russia from annexing a nato country and putting it under nuclear protection if the nuclear powers in nato wo n't react ? 
  sure , it 's a hard choice , i do n't know what it 's better to do either , but it 's an attitude that russia could take advantage of to conquer half of europe because we ca n't risk a nuclear war . 
   give me a call when france will ask the help of romania for anything , ok ? 
  eh , you have us for that ... oh wait . 
   but you want france to start nuclear war if estonia is invaded no , i want countries to respect article 5 when it 's invoked , as per agreement . 
  i did not say i was going to go fight russians right now and show them who 's boss , i said that i hope our country can do whatever * it can * to help . 
  we can do more for ee countries in the eu/nato ( military help ) , but we ca n't act outside of nato because it is a defensive alliance that * works together * . 
  france ca n't go and wage war on another country and expect nato to be like `` lol , okay france , here we come '' and while it would be a bit of support if we could help ukraine military , it 'd be short lived and useless in the end because romania and ukraine alone can not fight russia . 
  we actually supported ukraine in their fight . 
  we sent it specialists to help ukraine in their cyber war with russia , we supported their relationship with the eu unlike the netherlands and our country had strategical cooperation with ukraine . 
  at least we do n't actively support the annexation of crimea unlike a certain candidate for president in france . 
   i did n't see your president fight to stop the invasion . 
  and you wo n't see that happening as long as the countries invaded are not in nato . 
   yes . 
  keyboard warriors are not what we lack though . 
  and i suppose you 're currently in eastern ukraine , fighting like the true soldier you are ? 
  i 'm not a keyboard warrior , just a person with opinions and principals . 
  whataboutism . 
  my point is still valid . 
  which shows that nato sounds better for western countries since they 'll never be attacked by russia . 
  we do n't have nuclear capability and my hope would be that we would do anything within our power so that people in eastern europe never have to suffer atrocities under russian rule ever again . 
  that 's what i would stand for . 
  well , cehia , good for you , you do n't have to wave your social development in our faces and show us how much more than us you care about human rights ** / s **, 
  irrelevant . 
  that was what nato agreed upon and we met the criteria . 
  ca n't say the same for germany . 
  you signed up for nato knowing full well that it requires a commitment . 
  and it 's not even about the east , but when the times comes that any of us has to trigger article 5 and you have to answer , you 'd probably want to be able to hold your ground against a country like russia . 
  they still have n't forgotten the 1940s . 
  do n't mock us though . 
  remember wwii . 
  more romanian soldiers fought for germany in the soviet union than all of your other allies combined . 
  it was all a mistake , but we did have a strong army . 
  it 's not the same today , but you should be less condescending . 
  those rednecks up in bruxelles . 
  what you 're missing : - tensions between eu countries and between the eu and the us .
