  the second time i felt one i was sitting at my desk on a old chair that was shaking by itself without even the need of an earthquake . 
  and then i noticed that it is shaking entirely too hard and like i heard how the walls were shaking too . 
  this was one was very scary to me and i 'm quite freaked by earthquakes now . 
  casinos , gambling , flashy signs . 
  everyone gets drunk married there in american movies . 
  haha, 
  that seems quite freaky indeed . 
  well , we have the 1st & 2nd of january off because of new years . 
  january 24 for the union between moldova and wallachia . 
  three days for easter - obviously religious . 
  may 1st is international labour day . 
  june 1st is international children 's day . 
  pentecost which is religious . 
  august 15th is another religious one : st. mary and dormition of the mother of god , but it 's also the navy day . 
  30th of november is st. andrews ' day so religious too . 
  1st of december is great union day ( when transylvania joined the rest ) and then two days for christmas . 
  so basically 5 religious holidays . 
  that statistic shows just 10 countries . 
  we are a semi presidential republic , but really ... the parliament is where the power 's at . 
  if a party or a coalition has majority , they also form the government and it 's pretty easy for them to make and pass laws as they please . 
  the president can send back a bill if he does n't like it , but only once . 
  most of the time , the corrupt psd has the parliament so they always do too many shitty things . 
  there is no such thing . 
  nobody in eu receives free money . 
  they contribute just as much , but not with money yet . 
  their markets are fully open to western companies . 
  they also get a lot of the smart people . 
  romania is one of the most pro eu countries , at least in ee . 
   it is especially funny to see these on the backs of french cars ( i mean french brands ) when they played a major role at the time making sure we end up this way . 
  france is still profiting w their cars . 
  not even mad . 
  haha . 
  we 're guilty of that . 
  we call the netherlands `` olanda '' from `` holland '' . 
  correctly , i think , would be '' \u021a\u0103rile de jos '' . 
  english and french are usually the standard . 
  some schools , however , teach german or spanish . 
  hungarian for schools where hungarian majority are . 
  oh , and latin of course . 
  ah , of course i have , but i had a different expectation from the / r/askeurope community . 
  and it 's upvoted so much too ... 
  to what ? 
  western europe profits massively because of the eastern markets that they flooded . 
  * we do n't get money for free . 
  * we may not yet be net contributors in money to the eu budget , but the markets subject is in favor of western europe . 
  it evens out . 
  besides , romania barely uses the funds . 
  true , brain drain is a problem that we need to solve . 
  we are not in schengen yet even though we should have been in it for 6 years now , but germany , finland and , of course , the netherlands keep blocking us . 
  which is really stupid because schenge is not about the free movement of people ( we already have that just by being in the eu ) , but about movement of goods . 
  wikipedia here . 
  not a very nice thing to say . . 
  no , i 'm not secretly glad that the president of a country who 's the world 's second polluter is not taking climate change seriously and will actively contribute to fucking up our planet . 
  i 'm not glad at all that he suffers no consequences for such actions . 
  there was no opposition whatsoever to spending a bigger % of our gdp on nato here . 
  our only problem was and still is that we have an incompetent government who are just a bunch of selfish pricks . 
  like for example we raised our spending to 2 % , but we need to spend that 2 % in the right way for it to matter . 
  we shall see if they 'll spend it correctly . 
  we have an asian minority ( mostly chinese and arabs ) , but people do n't pay much attention to them . 
  like they do n't spark up any controversies or something . 
  people are generally nice but there are rude or racist people too , like everywhere else . 
  most incidents i 've recently heard of happened when the refugee crisis was no . 
  1 subject on the news . 
  for example , a muslim girl 's hijab was pulled off by some wanker . 
  that 's not just awful , it 's also stupid seeing how there 's 0 % chance that girl was an actual refugee instead of a member of the historical muslim community in romania which has never really caused problems afaik . 
  they are : 1 . 
  supposedly a centrist party so they 're trying to be in any coalition in hopes that they can push their ideas . 
  they have some corrupt members too , like the guys who usually win aka psd . 
  i do n't know if udmr does much for the hungarian minority . 
  a big part of this minority is always voting for it so maybe they 're doing something right . 
  never paid udmr much attention . 
  udmr , the hungarian minority party . 
  i think pmp ( people 's movement party ) will turn into this too , i do n't know . 
  they vote for the less shitty guys most of the time ( the national liberals ) and the hungarian majority regions ( harghita , covasna ) + two others that have a significant hungarian minority ( mures and satu mare ) vote for the hungarian minority party . 
  [ x ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stvcbue.png ) the rest of us , it seems , vote for the goddamn `` social democrats '' . 
  not me , but yeah . 
  still hoping that one day the map wo n't look like that . 
  haha . 
  good joke . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  do i need to remind you that the balkans have a significant and historical muslim minority that has been here for hundreds of years ? 
  and romania , for example , has a lot of new asians immigrants , mainly arabs and chinese . 
  maybe not even the fact that black people are killed , but the fact that there are many times when police officers are not punished for it even though they should be ? 
  and there 's a wiki page about it . 
  read it . 
  ah , yes , the progressive us where police officers kill black people like we 're back to the 1960s and where institutional racism is on such a deep level , y' all do n't even know where to start fixing it . 
  especially now that you have trump . 
  indeed it 's more about ethnicity . 
  so what if i , as a romanian , am white ? 
  there are chances i might be treated worse than a person of color in western europe . 
  the discrimination i face is not due to the color of my skin ( although it could be a factor with people from romania or the east who are darker ) , but because of where i come from . 
  [ house of mar\u0163i ] ( https://vid.me/2nck ) okay , not exactly what you 're looking for , but this romanian house of cards trailer was made to mock the ruling party after they tried to legalize corruption . 
  mar\u0163i means tuesday which is when they gave the emergency ordinance . 
  football should never be called soccer . 
  it 's a blasphemy . 
  football . 
  and tennis probably . 
  who needs external threats with a government like ours ? 
  french people speaking romanian with french accent are funny . 
  so are italians .
