   unity does n't benefit us one bit , not least because it 's an unachievable pipedream . 
  bitching from both sides does n't either . 
  but healthy competition about the best vision can actually propell the project ahead . 
  yeah that 's not the eu . 
  you 're looking for something else . 
  and i hope the eu does not ever fall into this kind of rhetoric . 
  you have this sordid idea that we 're all just idiots who are out to get you . 
  things are n't that simple . 
  i acknowledge russia is what it is while being , partly , in europe . 
  harcov has huge problems with this . 
  the president talked about it recently . 
  you were expecting understanding for `` apologizing '' for someone else , as if you are entitled to ? 
  that 's what you get : `` it 's frustrating that only romanians can act shitty . '', 
  yeah . 
  hungarians would never do that . 
   most hungarians in romania are eh , not really . 
  for the curious : [ moldoveanu peak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldoveanu_peak ), 
  look at denmark . 
  there are dozens of us . 
  dozens !, 
  i do n't think there 's any law in romania against transgender people in the military . 
  lesbians and gays are allowed to join the military and i do n't know of any law against transgenders . 
  hell , romania , and i assume other ee countries as well , at least the ones involved with germany , had to pay war reparations to the soviets , even after they had occupied romania , butchered and raped , took a big part of our territory and deported lots of romanians . 
   romania agreed to pay reparations of us$ 300 million to the soviet union , but the real sum that romania had to pay was 1.2 billion $ . 
  romania paid 5.6 millions $ in 1945 and was coerced to pay $ 2 billion . 
  i know there 's no sympathy for us as we were on the german side for most of the war , and people like to skim over how , but all of this was not okay , on top of our stolen wwi treasury . 
  being aware of what happened not too long ago and fighting to always prevent something like that is not victimhood . 
  dem immigrants . 
  russian vice pm . 
   my point is that it 's not up to the us to decide where european countries get their energy from . 
  germany does n't seem concerned at all with what eastern europe is saying either so do n't be hypocritical . 
   most likely bulgaria , romania , hungary , slovakia and greece wo n't vote against a gazprom project without solid reason . 
  bulgaria , indeed , wo n't vote against as they have n't positioned themselves against it . 
  the rest ... well , they do have reasons . 
  they were against this since at least 2015 . 
  i think it 's mainly bulgaria and greece out of these countries that wants a connection with turkey iirc . 
  we only still import gas to have it in case we run out of our own and afaik we wanted a azerbaijan -- georgia -- romania interconnector . 
   i doubt that many want to open the can of worms of required approval from the commission for national energy infrastructure projects . 
  you want to build a nuclear plant ? 
  well , half of the eu countries are against it . 
  tough luck . 
  the difference is that countries are n't against it just on a whim , they fear a number of things such as too much dependency on russian gas , russia being able to blackmail eastern europe with gas , etc. 
  i think italy themselves wants to export some gas . 
  because money and business speak louder than security . 
  rip your eyes . 
  and then you have ukraine , poland , romania , czech republic , hungary , estonia , latvia , lithuania , italy and greece . 
  the nordics have been skeptic about it too in the past . 
  so , again , what 's wrong with the status quo ? 
   and they would n't do it if they had a better alternative . 
  this is most certainly not germany 's only option and it is neither a better alternative . 
  and it was recently decided that refugees can only claim asylum in border countries according to the dublin regulation . 
  and not just any border countries because obviously they wo n't arrive in sweden , but south and southeastern countries . 
  so everyone except portugal , spain , france , italy , croatia , greece , bulgaria and romania just had their asses saved from refugees . 
  and what 's wrong with the status quo ? 
  are germans freezing to death right now ? 
  [ romania ] ( https://i.redd.it/s8styt4760dy.jpg ), 
  because `` in my opinion yes '' is n't specific as to what exactly is your opinion : `` blue eyed blonde girls are the best in general '' ( which is from where the discussion started so it 's normal to assume that you meant that ) or `` blue eyed blondes are the best for me personally '' . 
  for you , but not for everyone . 
  it 's not an objective measure , it 's something you like that the next person might dislike so classifying as `` best '' is only good in the context of `` best for my tastes '' , not `` best for everyone '' . 
  i did n't judge that , i judged that you agreed that having blue eyes and blond hair makes you the best . 
  no , these are just physical traits that some people like , but those traits do n't make anyone `` the best '' at anything . 
  yes ? 
  it clearly states refugees . 
  wait ... you mean every other country except for border countries in south and southeastern europe is suddenly like `` not my problem mate '' ? 
  what the actual hell ? 
  sorry if it was a joke , did n't realize it was , but yeah , i am a bit mad with that preconception . 
  really ? 
  are people `` best '' because they have blond hair and blue eyes ? 
  i thought we were done with all that in the 40s . 
  really ? 
  are people `` best '' because they have blond hair and blue eyes ? 
  i thought we were done with all that in the 40s . 
  there 's a latin expression that best fits this : panem et circenses . 
  `` i 'm polish , it 's my right to say ` fuck the rules ' and no one can tell me what to do . '', 
  you made some commitments , regarding both refugees and the rule of law , grow up and accept your responsibilities . 
  and if you wo n't , well , then stop wasting people 's time . 
  exactly . 
  like fuck the fact that we do n't have a stable democracy , those 6k refugees will just ruin us . 
  congrats , your twat of a friend orban will save the citizens of poland from things like having a functional democracy and what not . 
  there 's a bit of truth to it since the most beautiful people in europe are considered to be the swedes with blond hair and blue eyes iirc . 
  i do n't know why ... maybe most people just have that preference . . 
  well , no , it is n't , but it 's stupid to say that our prices being lower in some cases is double standard . 
  we have different economies , cost of living , salaries . 
  i would probably starve in denmark with an average romanian salary . 
  when you , in denmark , have a romanian average salary and purchasing power , then we 'll talk . 
  people who wear flag stuff are embarrassing and look awkward . 
  i wonder if it 's sold in any other countries . 
  lol . 
  they 're talking about how the eu has more power than national states and then they cut to guy complaining about how it is a problem that all eu countries want to be heard on a matter . 
  and the other guy said that there 's no way the eu will federalize . 
  i do n't think the eu needs to federalize to survive tbh . 
  i think there 's just this huge anxiety of `` now or never '' regarding everything eu ( from pro and anti ) that just needs to cease . 
  chill , there are problems , but we can solve them if we want to . 
  eu needs to settle down . 
  some countries are already riled up because of ns2 , do n't discredit yourselves like that . 
  no , we 're usually considered to be a eastern european country ( geographically southeastern ) , even though , by your definition , we were one of the less soviet puppet states , with ceausescu not exactly being a friendly guy to the soviet union . 
  still that did n't make us have a nicer time during communism , we just had a guy who went like `` why should stalin be seen as the best here ? 
  fuck stalin and russia . 
  as he was influenced by the cult of personality from north korea . 
  good .
