  we usually accept it when we 're being told we need to fix something and we 're trying . 
  corruption slows us down because many problems occur due to it , but we 're slowly progressing . 
  maybe it can not be seen from where you stand , but there 's very little sentiment here that romania should go in any way besides the western way . 
  yes , i saw that . 
  i 'm not contradicting that . 
  russia would be a good asset if they had a good leadership and would pay for all the damage they 've done . 
  it 's you again . 
  romania does n't have much in common with russia besides some concepts and things we inherited due to our communist past ( for example : some corruption , certainly a lot less than russia ) . 
  and those things are slowly going away too . 
  yes , but this study is n't about the possibility of russia changing leadership with something good . 
  edit : downvoting me for stating the obvious ? 
  like when i ask you `` do you want your country to cooperate with nk ? '', 
  you 're supposed to answer me about the present and not what 'd you want if nk was something it is n't . 
   how is his work perceived by the bromanians on here ? 
  i think he 's alright . 
  better than what we had until now . 
  he 's doing a good job mostly . 
   is he successful in tackling corruption ? 
  like / u/ctudor said . . the system is fighting back and their propaganda machine is better . 
  they only know how to play dirty . 
  there has been progress ever since he came to power though . 
  [ and the previous office used by traian basescu . 
  ay ... those results over 50 % ... 
   the eu is already shitting itself over losing the uk contribution , that 's funny . 
   that 's a bold claim . 
  i do n't think i can find a more universally agreed upon view than ` do n't privatise the nhs ' . 
  of course , the government wants to do it , but i do n't think i 've ever spoken to a regular person who supports it . 
  is n't being out of the eu making it easy for the government to do that despite the people ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is all made to be clickbaity and ignite reactions . 
  bottom line is , what merkel means is that we are on a complicated and difficult political scene and we must be careful in order for the eu to make it through . 
  you look at donald trump , at the politics brexit put forward , at russia , at ukraine , at what 's going on around the world generally ... and all you can think is `` wow , how scary , merkel talking about the preservation of the eu in times of political difficulty '' ? 
  damn . 
  she is right though . 
  uk is in a very complicated situation with the eu , dt is a goddamn moron a lot of power , russia is being russia , far right extremist never rest ... eu needs to fight for its survival . 
  not in the literal sense . 
  it needs to be strong and stable in the face of many complex and difficult situations . 
  but ... on the funnier side of things , it reminded me of the new got trailer :  enemies to the east , enemies to the west , enemies to the south , enemies to the north . 
  whatever stands in our way , we will defeat it . 
  you 've always been called * cehia * ( czechia ) here . 
  only in formal speech we use * republica ceh\u0103 * ( czech republic ) . 
  and romanian , hungarian , bulgarian soil . 
  it 's eastern europe for sure . 
  if the line was straight and over austria ... maybe . 
  i 'm surprised about crimea too . 
  from what i know , they have made it super militarized . 
  some , yeah . 
  my only point was , as stated before , that the rest of us are more trigerred by this map than hungarians . 
  sweden & denmark : keep your friends close , but your enemies closer like really , very close intimately close so close that you can feel your enemies breath on your neck and you shiver with hatred and ... anticipation ? 
  turn around and look deep into your enemies eyes , letting your gaze drag down to their lips , your eyes intense with desire . 
  push your enemies up against the wall . 
  make out with your enemies . 
  your friends , who are still close , are super uncomfortable and kinda grossed out, 
  yeah , they do wish that , but this map represents the past when hungary was big and holding territories with foreign majority so it triggers its neighbours more than hungary . 
  not to mention its eastern neighbours are triggered by this map because of the ottomans too . 
  lmao , not it does not . 
  it triggers everyone else around hungary though . 
  ^ ^ what he said !, 
  sorry , did n't see it . 
  outdated . 
  romania is at 2 % . 
  we just need to spend this 2 % the right way . 
  at least 20 % of it in arms and research . 
  actually it 's harder ... lol . 
  yes , slice into that paprika !!!!!, 
  he just did n't want to put up with that cringey handshake . 
  yeah ... hungary 's orban is an absolute prick ( and the other option is a fascist ) and poland is being very stupid . 
  poland has had and probably still has more potential than romania and they 're wasting it all away with populist leaders who do n't just `` hurt eu '' , but they hurt poland too . 
  hungary too . 
   i think some steps have been made recently btw with regards to visa free travel etc. 
  for romania btw ? 
  the most recent changes that have been made ( iirc bc i 'm not very up to date ) : 1 . 
  canada gave us visa free travel after romania threatened to block ceta . 
  switzerland plans to limit access of romanians on their labor market for a year . 
  juncker said when he came to romania that he wants to see us in schengen soon . 
  thing is ... schengen is mainly about movement of goods and how easy and fast that happens . 
  it 's not like schengen will change anything in the free movement of the romanian people just because we 're suddenly not required to show our id at the border . 
  it 's just about movement of goods and being respected for our commitment to meet the criteria years ago . 
  sure thing there needs to be cooperation and will from both sides and eastern europe definitely has a lot of issues to resolve within the countries and in their relationship with other countries . 
  i 'm sorry if i gave the impression that the east is perfect . 
  far from it . 
  true , refugees need to be helped , but there 's a lot of reasons why ee is reluctant to help , from historical motives to plain old xenophobia and racism . 
  quite a few eastern leaders are also corrupt and if they feel like advocating for something will make them lose points , they will either ignore it or speak against it . 
  some are just corrupt pricks , others have xenophobic motives too . 
  and truth is that yeah , they 're there because `` we put them there '' but it is so complicated and those of us who can see through all of this want this to change but change comes hard here unfortunately . 
  in romania , the most important factors as to why we always end up with the mafia party to beat them all ( tried to legalize corruption lmao ) are : lack of education , especially economical and political , selfishness and , well , people just do n't vote . 
  but honestly ... once i said `` education '' i said it all because a lot of problems come from just that . 
  to highlight how badly the voting presence in romania was at the last election : psd won the election with 45 % of the votes and only a 40 % presence at the polls . 
  this is so fucked up for those of us who do n't want this bullshit that we 're just laughing hysterically at this point . 
  about the refugee crisis ... 
  i remember it was psd pm victor ponta back then and he said to the eu , `` romania will accept refugees if you let us in schengen . '' . 
  mind you it was 2015 and the eu parliament has supported our entry in schengen ever since 2011 , but germany , the netherlands and finland kept blocking us for some reason ( hmm ) . 
  it 's 2017 today and we are still not a member , despite investing lots of money into preparations and having met the criteria years ago . 
  things like this are not seen very well by the romanians , which is sad , because we 're a very eu friendly people , despite all that 's been said about us . 
  even so , in the end , we were not allowed into schengen , but we did take some refugees too , because we 're nice guys . 
  not too many , but we did take some . 
  could have done more and maybe you 'll say that we should n't have used this to push our political agenda , but honestly ... it was n't even a political agenda at that point , just something that we should n't have had to ask for in the first place . 
  about gay rights . . yeah , that 's a problem that i take personally too . 
  unfortunately , we are having big legal issues with that as an abysmal ngo backed up by the fucked up orthodox church is trying to change laws and the constitution ... 
  pro lgbt organizations and people do try to spread awareness but it 's going very slow .
