  and then they realized they wo n't be able to bend the eu so they admitted it themselves . 
  trump staff wants eu to fail , theresa may is trump 's minion and russia is russia . 
  we are surrounded by hostile powers . 
   hate for eu citizens is n't common at all . 
  you 're swedish , you 're a westerner/northerner , you 're the right kind of white ( you 're not mistaken for a southerner or easterner , although a lot of easterners and southerners are white af ) . 
  of course you would n't have any problems . 
  you can see the hate towards ee citizens being used openly on this website . 
  i literally just replied to a hateful comment from a brit 2 minutes ago . 
  besides , i know what experiences my friends had . 
  people who were just visiting . 
  if i were you , i 'd be more concerned about my own country disintegrating . 
  that 's true . 
  and you know what ? 
  we know the russians , we 're used to them , we know they 're always planning ways to fuck with us , but it 's so fucking disgusting when british/americans display such an aggressive attitude towards us . 
  this is why i always said , `` alright , leave the eu , mock the eu if it makes you feel better , but to want the destruction of the eu ? 
  well , i know some guys in history that you 'd get along with . '' . 
  why would anyone , even more so someone who 's not part of the union or leaves the union , want to destroy a organization that has maintained peace in europe for so long ? 
  romania going back in russia 's sphere willingly ? 
  you know nothing about my country so please refrain from spouting shit , even if it 's tempting to a person like you , who perfectly presents the stereotype of the ignorant brit . 
  what ? 
  the collapse of the eu would give russia a green light to restoring their former sphere of influence and taking everything from those countries , making them dirty poor . 
  counter your british specific self importance ? 
  nah , it 's ingrained so deep in your society , nobody can help you . 
  i mean it 's a common trait of former colonial powers , but somehow the uk is taking it to another level . 
   is proof that the eu cant survive without the uk * yawn * i 've heard this so many times it is n't even funny anymore . 
  you 're having a laugh right now . 
  we only rely on the us for a part of our protection . 
  everything else is eu . 
  and the eu will slowly build that protection themselves . 
  if trump does not play his part in our security and tries to sabotage us , he becomes our enemy . 
  unlike westerners , we do not remember americans coming to help us the last time this happened . 
  so we 're not exactly trusting them here , we 're just benefiting . 
  how dare you call my country a traitor to the very union that helped us get where we are ? 
   well , i had in a previous career a diplomatic post where i helped bring down the soviet union . 
  so maybe there 's another union that needs a little taming . 
  gtfo . 
  so we have us , uk and russia , all loving the idea of eu failing . 
  great . 
  edit : are there any reactions from eu leaders on what he said ? 
  well , then , carry on . 
  plan the destruction of the eu alongside theresa may and donald trump . 
  it 's honestly hypocritical . 
  if i say something about scotland leaving or uk breaking up , everyone is outraged , especially when you mention that the scottish want another referendum , but all you lot do is talk about how the eu should fail , the eu should break up , the eu this and the eu that . 
  you 've been opposed to the union for a long time and i do n't think you are in the place to tell us what to do anymore . 
  we 're just showing off to / r/russia in case they want to attack . 
   many european countries feel that the undemocratic eu lawmaking process runs foul of their sovereignty citation needed . 
  they 'll have another one from what i keep hearing . 
  what 's the european identity you 're talking about ? 
  geographical location ? 
  what values do you consider european that are not shared by the eu ? 
  genuine question . 
   believe that europe would be stronger without such an organisation well this does n't concern you anymore so it 's irrelevant . 
  well , scotland does n't feel as british as you do , even after so much time . 
   is there any dialect of romanian where monede is used as a generic word for money as opposed to a specific word for coins ? 
  if not it does n't count . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
   i found this speculative origin in the romanian etymological dictionary . 
  apparently there was a germanic word ban , which could refer to a prohibition or the fine used to pay that prohibition . 
  somehow that word might have founds its way to us , possibly via our hungarian friends . 
  as the ban often had to be paid in cash , over time the word bani may have evolved to collectively mean money in general . 
  i see they mention german `` ban '' and then latin `` bannus '' . 
  does n't that make it a latin word at the core ? 
  does n't `` moned\u0103 '' count too ? 
  but i am upset there 's no known origin for `` ban/bani '' . 
  this is quickly turning into a horror thread . 
  not world 's worst crimes , but for example , public bathrooms are n't the cleanest of places , no matter how well maintained they are , and besides wiping your vagina or handling your penis , you touch other things that are dirty , although they may nor appear so . 
  it 's recommended you wash your hands every time you use the bathroom , especially a public bathroom . 
  i 'm going to tell our gay dads what you just did . 
  you will see then what happens when u call glorious latin clay slav, 
  here , at least in public bathrooms , where i can see people , most of them wash their hands with soap . 
  so much so that sometimes there 's a shortage of soap and you have to click that fucking button 10 fucking times to get some decent amount of soap . 
  people , stop using half the bottle in a go , please . 
  learn to share . 
  are we not decent ? 
  moreover ... are you assuming we 're of slavic ??? 
  sir , how dare you . 
  i am disappointed . 
  i do know soap causes dry skin , but i 'm pretty sure you will get sick faster if you do n't wash your hands at all . 
  sure , but it 'll be hard finding a job in real estate without the local language . 
  you want to sell something , you need communication to be your best asset . 
  going to ask for that pipe when i go there !, 
  haha !, 
  yeah . 
  we should all stop doing it . 
  it 's washing your hands that gets you ill !, 
  this . 
  you have to wash your hands with soap every time you go to the bathroom , whether you piss or shit . 
  what 's so spectacular about this ? 
  netherlands ... what the hell are you doing ? 
  can someone explain to me romania 's position ? 
  how does poland rank better than romania considering what happened in their country throughout 2016 ? 
  i 'm not trying to be mean , just genuinely curious , 2016 was an amazing year for us and it baffles me that people always assume we 're supposed to be doing bad . 
  we 're romania . 
  i would , without any spite , put romania above poland , at least for 2016 . 
  edit : i just saw where bulgaria is . 
  oh my god . 
  are they serious ? 
  edit 2 : is a british paper conducting the research ? 
  hmm . 
  does n't open in chrome .
