  flynn now makes semi-regular appearances on rt as an analyst , in which he often argues that the u.s. and russia should be working more closely together on issues like fighting isil and ending syria 's civil war . 
  `` russia has its own national security strategy , and we have to respect that , '' he said in one recent appearance . 
  `` and we have to try to figure out : how do we combine the united states ' national security strategy along with russia 's national security strategy , despite all the challenges that we face ? '', 
  well , i mean , you send them to the middle east all the time . 
  yeah . 
  i actually wanted to mention in my previous comment that it would be nice to have a president who 's name even trump ca n't ignore . 
  juncker has power though . 
  he just is n't as influencial because we 're not a federation . 
  imagine everyone going through the pain of learning latin just to communicate with us because we 'd be like the french who refuse to speak english . 
  hahaha . 
  but ... but ... you 're leaving . 
  :( and trump like the uk anyway so you guys are fine . 
  even so , scotland must come back to us . 
  it voted remain . 
  rule i : - everyone must start speaking fluent latin . 
  sounds pretty badass . 
  * calls germany *, 
   well , it 's easier to push around a series of individual european nations than it is to strike a deal with a collective of nations . 
  it 's hard to say how coherent his plans actually are . 
  true , but i 'm afraid a closer union is unlikely at this stage , even after such worrying comments . 
  the least i can do is hope netherlands and france chills . 
  and some of us in the east are upping our defense , but apparently trump does n't care anymore because nato is `` obsolete '' . 
  no , but they 're less impulsive and prefer to do politics rather than dick waving . 
  that name is horrible tho . 
  but not everything is done by trump , is it ? 
  there are some people with more than two brain cells around him . 
  will the us really risk putting pressure on a economically important market such the eu ? 
  i mean ... 
  i 'm not expecting good things from him , but there must be someone with at least a bit of common sense who can slap him across the head . 
  well , did n't most republicans hate him ? 
   apparently trump does n't know who jean-claude juncker is . 
  the face palms never stop with trump , do they ? 
  europe can not afford to lose us just yet , but i do hope we become as independent from us as possible . 
  not to spite the us , but for our own good . 
  that being said , many countries do n't feel the need to up their defense . 
  they do n't feel threatened . 
  and here i thought he would chill . 
  we ca n't afford to have that much instability around us . 
  then again , he * is * surrounded by some sane people so that 's good . 
  most germans knew , most germans let it happen . 
  even germans themselves will tell you that . 
  hello there , latvia !, 
  in cats we trust . 
  trust . 
  one . 
  no , it is n't . 
  laws like these have been in place for a long time . 
  some european countries deem the promoting of the fascist ideology that killed millions of people as unacceptable . 
  and it is . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're from europe , but if you 're not , it is hard to grasp the weight of what that ideology did to europe . 
  theoretically in romania the law states that * promoting the culture of persons guilty of committing a crime against peace and humanity or promoting fascist , racist or xenophobic ideology , through propaganda , committed by any means , in public , is punishable by imprisonment from 6 months to 5 years and the loss of certain rights . 
  yes , but a lot of them are descendants of the roma people who came from india . 
   the romani originated in northern india and arrived in mid-west asia , and europe around 1,000 years ago . 
  we may be corrupt , but we 're not a dictatorship on top of that . 
  i know we are , but nobody usually refers to romania as southeastern . 
  just eastern . 
   of course , just as west shits on us to feel better about their ill-gained riches . 
  ce should know better than to do the same thing to us . 
   but that 's okay , you can always shit on middle east  nah , that also seems ce 's job , what with hungary and poland . 
   probably not , eastern europe is also belarus and ukraine , and perhaps moldova , romania and bulgaria . 
  i remember when you were saying that you ca n't be an easterner because you have nothing in common with moldova . 
  what the do romania and belarus/russia have in common ? 
  not that it bothers me that you grouped us together , but i want to see your rhetoric applied elsewhere than just on eesti . 
  yeah , that 's certainly the only reason . 
   point is . . be whatever , but you central europeans , or whatever you like to call yourselves , have a habit of shitting on us eastern europeans so you can feel better about yourselves and look better in front of westerners . 
  and it gets very old , very fast . 
   glorious shit westerns say . 
  this . 
  and not just that . 
  central europeans , or whatever , perpetuate the idea that `` hey , we 're not yucky eastern europoors , we 're so much better '' . 
  and all i can do is think : fuck off , you whine about stigma , but you have no problem throwing it all on us . 
  we ca n't rub off our `` eastern-ness '' by saying we 're central europe , we 'll always live with these stereotypes and with the xenophobia , you could not be a dick and empathize as you know what it 's like . 
   also true , thats why i love when poland is put as central on maps why ? 
  simply because of the geography or because you have some preconceptions about ee that you need to run away from and not be associated with ? 
  which in turn affects eastern europeans as you too enforce the idea that we 're `` yuck '' . 
  we do . 
  it 's central europeans that have something to prove , god knows what . 
  really . 
  turkey can call other countries shitty ? 
  lol, 
  i think he was late to pay their salaries and it probably was n't the first time so he got mad and said they should be grateful because other workers at other factories get their salaries 2 months late . 
  eh some germans do , but i think germans view us more positively than other western europeans . 
  you 're lucky then . 
  than again we 're doing worse than venezuela , a dictatorship . 
  i have higher education and a job . 
  where 's my 1,5 k ???? 
   carabinieri there are stories about these guys . . 
  i think at this point it 's about damage control . 
  for example , did n't scientists say recently that we 've passed 400ppm carbon dioxide threshold and that there 's no going back ? 
  the weather is already fucked . 
  and it 'll only get worse . 
  take 15 degrees from our 40 summers . 
  now i can finally ~ b r e a t h e ~ . 
  they did not just raise their arm , they made a sign that symbolizes a regime and its atrocities . 
  this song is so emotional for me . 
   and damp windy cold winter days ... ah , the `` good '' old -10 winter days , full of snow and ice . 
  i need to move to moderate ireland asap . 
  hello , sir , what level of hell is this ? 
  believe me , it is horrible . 
  what the heck this is completely unfair .
