  it was ours , but the soviet union annexed it in wwii and now it 's a country of its own . 
  many call moldova as a country a stalinist concept . 
  yes , it 's legal , in public or in private . 
  i 've never witnessed this happening though . 
  during protests against the system , many flags fly and for example , during the protest that took place this sunday , people shouted `` x do n't forget , this country is not yours '' . 
  in a way , i think it has something to do with our history with communism ( when flags with the hole where the communist coat of arms used to be were waved by people during the revolution ) and taking it back or protecting our symbols against bad politicians that try to `` taint '' it with their destructive behavior . 
  we make up for it with badmouthing our country , a lot of the times rightfully so . 
  yes , they are fucked . 
  he 's dumb , populist , extremist and impulsive . 
  the worst combination . 
   do you guys think americans will even try to do anything about trump ? 
  i do n't know because protests do n't seem to work very well in us . 
  maybe not enough people protest ? 
  protests have changed some things in my country , but i do n't know about the us . 
  let 's hope he wo n't get a second mandate . 
  we have `` tu '' for informal ( friends , children , siblings , everyone who allows it ) and `` dumneavoastr\u0103 '' for formal ( elder people , strangers , teachers , etc. ) . 
   romanian dumneavoastr\u0103 when used for the second-person singular formal takes plural verbs but singular adjectives , similar to french vous . 
  it is used roughly in the same manner as in continental french and shows no signs of disappearing . 
  it is also used as a more formal voi . 
  it originates from domnia voastr\u0103 -- your lordship . 
  as happens with all subject pronouns , dumneavoastr\u0103 is often omitted from sentences , its use being implied by verbs in the second person plural form . 
   the form dumneata ( originating from domnia ta -- thy lordship ) is less distant than dumneavoastr\u0103 and somewhat midway between tu and dumneavoastr\u0103 . 
  the verb is conjugated , as for tu , in the second person singular form . 
  older people towards younger people and peers favor dumneata . 
  its use is gradually declining . 
  yes , quite a few tv channels covered it . 
  [ here 's one . 
  i 've learned about it this year . 
  another romanian commented about it on askeurope and i went to see for myself . 
  there were all this polish , russia , etc. 
  comments and then you had the odd romanian commenting , `` what the fuck is with this many foreign people on this song ? 
  are there any romanians here ? '', 
  the song and the style is cringeeeee , but the whole ordeal is quite amusing . 
  and oddly enough , there are quite a few foreigners who like this type of music . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iugfurqyhs ) one . 
  look at the comments . 
  it 's what we call `` manele '' and it 's usually roma music . 
  what i associate with polonia ? 
  slavs , crazy corrupt politicians , hard working people , their fondness for a really cringey song from our country , micha\u0142 szpak , religion . 
  i 'm sure most of them are nice people , but maybe they should stop using `` romanian '' as an insult . 
  really ? 
  i guess that 's understandable . 
  it 's the same with other animals like bears . 
   abortion in romania is currently legal as an elective procedure during the first 14 weeks of pregnancy , and for medical reasons at later stages of pregnancy . 
   abortion was also legal on-demand from 1957 to 1966 . 
  from 1967 to 1990 abortion was severely restricted , in an effort of the communist leadership to increase the fertility rate of the country . 
   the new penal code , which came into force in 2014 , regulates the procedure of abortion . 
  article 201 ( 1 ) punishes the performing of an abortion when done under any of these following circumstances :  - ( a ) outside medical institutions or medical offices authorized for this purpose ;  - ( b ) by a person who is not a certified physician in the domain of obstetrics and gynecology and free to practice this profession ; or  - ( c ) if the pregnancy has exceeded fourteen weeks . 
   an exception to the fourteen weeks limit is provided by section ( 6 ) of article 201 , which stipulates that performing an abortion is not an offense if done for therapeutic purposes by a certified doctor until twenty-four weeks of pregnancy , and even after the twenty-four weeks limit , if the abortion is needed for therapeutic purposes `` in the interest of the mother or the fetus '' . 
   section ( 7 ) of article 201 stipulates that a pregnant woman who provokes her own abortion will not be punished . 
  only some religious people are against it . 
  there 's no party against abortion afaik . 
  all those fail videos on youtube where mooses attack people ... my life is a lie . 
  wow ... that 's a lot . 
  and that looks bad . 
  yeah , you should definitely be careful not to crash into a moose . 
  are n't mooses very dangerous ? 
  are n't you afraid ? 
  they 're pretty known for attacking people . 
  bears usually stumble into towns looking for food . 
  i remember seeing one when we were taking a school trip once . 
  we were supposed to go to this restaurant down a hill , but we had to turn around because a massive brown bear was in the middle of the road , looking for food . 
  there was also a scandal with a bear that was shot in sibiu . 
  [ here 's a picture of him on top of a house ] ( http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2016-10-12-21348941-70-ursul-176-kilograme-impuscat-sibiu.jpg ) . 
  when i went to budapest , on our way to the hotel , we stumbled upon a hedgehog . 
  it was pretty weird for me because i 've never seen a hedgehog in bucharest . 
  i 've also seen a fox in hyde park , but i guess that 's common . 
  yeah , they are nationalistic . 
  i think patriotism is good , when you want your country to succeed , but to succeed along with other countries , but nationalism ? 
  not so much . 
  we 've seen what it can do . 
  they were most likely romanians . 
  it makes sense that the romanian shepherds emigrated along the line of the carpathians . 
  this is what wikipedia says :  the traditional dialect ( rarely heard these days ) represents a mixture of elements from the czech and slovak languages , and has a distinct lexicon of * romance and balkan origin * relating to the pastoral economy of the highlands . 
  the name originated in the `` vlachs '' , an originally romance-speaking community that migrated to moravia from the balkans . 
  not only are we the only romance speaking country in see , but we 're also considered [ balkan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#/media/file:karte_suedosteuropa_03_01.png ) . 
  our romance language has a bit of slavic influence though so that might represent the balkan elements in the traditional dialect . 
  well , although he said he 's `` 100 % behind nato '' , he 's acting hostile towards the eu because he sees us as competition . 
  i do n't know what he 'll do exactly , but it might be a bit worse than sending an us ambassador who says that he helped bring down the soviet union and that maybe our union needs a little bit of taming too . 
  i think trump is like putin , but dumber . 
  i imagine trump being the kind of guy to push for something even if it will hurt his own country . 
  i only hope that americans wo n't fall into the trap that russians did , to call him strong for taking a stand against the `` west '' ( where the west is eu and a stand is a stand against soft immigration policies ) . 
  yes , it 's annoying that we do n't have visa-waiver privileges , but i am not sure how trump would react to eu imposing visas on us citizens as a punishment for the ban and for the lack of reciprocity . 
  something makes me think that he will get even more aggressive , mainly because people like him do n't like to be `` defied '' . 
  you 're right , some lines are offensive , but it 's a nationalistic poem and that 's how these things go . 
  if it was just patriotic , i assume it would have still kept the idea of connection between hungarians and these lands while not actively wishing bad on the vlachs/serbs . 
  would have made a rather sad poem than one with a revenge theme , like this one . 
  but since it was written in 1922 , with the event being recent , it was meant to spark nationalism and anger because of hungarians feeling hurt , both over the treaty itself and the vlachs/serbs . 
  thanks for taking the time to translate it !, 
  we have a marching/fighting [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgvh4n6046u ) about this event called `` trece\u0163i batalioane rom\u00e2ne carpa\u0163ii '' ( romanian troops , cross the carpathians ) that was probably written around that time too . 
  our wiki says it was probably written during wwi . 
  this is the updated version by the way . 
  the first version only had 3 parts . 
   a historic song reminds us  that brothers will forever be brothers ,  a battle song as old as the union  you , my compatriots , listen to this :  romanian troops , cross the carpathians ,  to weapons with flowers and leaves  thinking fondly about the mountain passes . 
   ardeal , ardeal , ardeal is calling us  we are the only hope !, 
   boy , kiss your parents and your brothers  and then let 's go to war !, 
   ahead , ahead towards the great union  to break the unfair boundary/border ,  let us cross the carpathians , we need ardeal  even if we could be buried alive . 
   they accomplished the union with swords , oh , the hearts they had !, 
   to alba we were all heading ,  all the people of the country agreed with the union , ( refers to the assembly of ethnic romanians held in alba iulia , the declaration of the great union )  the will of the people . 
   we were all romanian troops ,  moldavia , muntenia , ardeal ,  the natural union with the motherland  was the most righteous ideal .
