  there could be more reasons that i forgot or do n't know of . 
  there was a discussion like this on the romanian subreddit once . 
  there was even a poll on this question ( would you like them to have autonomy ? ), 
  and the answer was around 80 % no . 
  and yeah , this thread was unnecessary , especially posted by a romanian . 
  not that i 'm not going to engage in an argument if someone pisses me off on this kind of thread , but we could have done without it . 
  we could have avoided yet another discussion similar to the ones we have almost every year . 
  we could just agree to disagree , kinda . 
  edit : i was wrong about spain , sorry . 
  it 's a different thing . 
  i was thinking of my next point where i mentioned catalonia and somehow messed it up . 
  north of moldova actually . 
  part of ukraine today . 
  so what do you propose then ? 
  we 're both in the eu . 
  we ca n't just cut ties . 
  cause let me tell you , trianon wo n't be revised so if you 're not willing to make friends with us , this will go on for a long , long time . 
  and depending on who leads your country ( f.e. 
  jobbik ) , it could get worse . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we lost basarabia and n bucovina too . 
  look em up . 
   *** supposed *** roman heritage hah . 
   i never had a single hungarian show animosity towards me because of the suffering they had to live through under habsburg rulers , maybe because hungary 's like `` notice me senpai !!! '', 
  they love you guys . 
  you hungarians like to think everything 's about you . 
  that day is about all the romanians uniting in one country . 
  no one is celebrating it by taking out their hungarian voodoo dolls and stabbing them , contrary to popular hungarian belief . 
  it 's a holiday about us , not about you . 
  and your diplomats ' jobs is to be diplomatic . 
  show up , chat for a little bit and then go home and hate romania in the privacy of their homes . 
  your comment is petty . 
  christianity is not the most persecuted religion in the world , but it is true that in muslim majority countries , christians do face oppression . 
  wow . 
  such argumentation . 
  amazing . 
  are n't you a kinky little bastard ? 
  it 's not that we do n't feel safe , we would have forgotten all about you to be honest , but you keep reminding us that you 're there and not willing to get over the past or be somewhat friendly , what with comments from your vice pm and then forcing your diplomats not to take part in the celebration of our national day . 
  do n't even know why we even have hungarian diplomats in this country anymore if they hate it so much and ca n't do their diplomatic job . 
  well , soros could have helped you cause he 's rich and has connections and all , but y' all ruined your chances with that one . 
   and share much of the vocabulary , 15 % of it . 
  the rest is latin . 
  because we are a latin people . 
  not slavs . 
  just because i do n't want to be identified as slavic does n't mean i have something against these people . 
  i 'm just not a slav or anything else . 
   our cultures are fairly similar also . 
  our culture is also similar to the franch because of our historical ties with it . 
  but of course we have some similarities with those around us . 
  we are cut off from other latin countries and surrounded by slavs and hungarians . 
  it 's logical it would happen . 
   i think on average here in transylvania romanians have more in common with hungarians and germans than other southern romanians or moldovans , with the excetion of the language . 
  where did you pull this from ? 
  our of your ass . 
  you talk about nationalism and racism , yet you guys over there always shit on us southerners . 
  and now moldovans too . 
  you special snowflakes , you . 
  reminds me of ...  no i 'm not gon na lend you my pencil because if i lend you my pencil then you 'll want my calculator and then you 'll want slovakia and serbia and then you 'll end up invading romania and i will not have that shit edited to fit the horror you 're suggesting . 
  haha, 
  is it really suicide ? 
  did he just set himself on fire and then jumped from a rooftop ? 
  that 's some extreme shit . 
  he could have done without the fire . 
  a turk ? 
  really ? 
  how come ? 
  `` rip ottoman empire '' or what ? 
  yes , and besides , the french were supposed to be our border protectors , but they fell to germany . 
  so they had a duty towards us anyway . 
  there was no way to draw the borders fairly so szeklerland could be included in hungary . 
  and besides , hungarians were considered the losers and none of the allies was going to give them anything more than what the allies considered to be right . 
  i do n't think harghita or covasna had a romanian majority . 
  and they certainly do not have a romanian majority today . 
  am i wrong ? 
  rip . 
  apparently there 's a 3rd attack too . 
  you are right . 
  maybe it 's because we can still help those people regain whatever semblance of normality they had before , but no one can save the dead ? 
  but you 're absolutely right about this . 
  those people have to live with the physical and psychological scars of it all . 
  news here do n't seem to have this info yet but if it 's true , that 's horrible . 
  may they rest in peace . 
  when you think you have that many potential terrorists ... that 's unsettling . 
  so many that could individually potentially kill dozens . 
  but you 're right , it does become impractical . 
  sometimes i get really mad and i really want these people to suffer in a way that they get over all that martyr bullshit , but i try to keep that darker side of my mind under control . 
  i do n't know , maybe have like a team of experts analyze the profile of all recent terrorists from all over western europe and establish some similarities that could lead them to keep certain people under very close watch ... 
  thanks . 
  hope it will be confirmed . 
  they do n't get to just die after what they do . 
  news here say gunshots might have been heard and some people might have been stabbed . 
  they said it 's not confirmed yet so it might be false , but yeah . 
  stay safe !, 
  then again the security was on extremely high alert and if that did n't stop this ... then the question is . . what can we realistically do to stop these events ? 
  like do we have any other options ? 
  i hope whoever drove that car is caught alive and gets to pay for what he did in a maximum security prison or something . 
  hopefully no one died . 
  edit : a 3rd attack ??? 
  absolutely insane . . edit : just woke up . 
  apparently 3rd attack was unrelated .
