  so many people dying ... it 's horrible . 
  i remember watching the coup live on romanian television and it started with `` turkish military are blocking roads [ . . ] '' . 
  at first i kept thinking `` well , i did just hear that turkish army protects the * secular * state so maybe this is good ? 
  because erdogan went too far ? '', 
  i was really confused because somehow it also looked like it was orchestrated by erdogan himself so he can `` cleanse '' the country of those who oppose him or the fact that many turks went out against the coup . 
  it was crazy . 
  and then the turkish pm announcing that `` any country that stands by cleric gulen will be at war with turkey '' . 
  which was the us . 
  the assassination of the russian ambassador is another event that really got us all a bit scared . 
  we assumed the worst would happen between russia and turkey and indirectly nato , but thank god putin had , surprisingly , a bit of common sense . 
   the country is too polarized right now to see a dramatic change in near future . 
  we all do nothing but to hope the best for all people in world . 
  i think that the only way to change things a bit is to give people some political education and since that 's not going to happen in turkish schools , someone should start online platforms to spread information , written in a simple manner , so everyone can understand . 
  but you 're right ... changes like these come very slowly when you have that kind of political atmosphere . 
   anyway , for talking about hagi ( and also popescu ) i can say lots of things . 
  hagi was my childhood hero . 
  all i wanted to see was watching him live and the first english words i learned was `` i love you hagi '' which was a popular cheering sentence among galatasaray fans . 
  we still love , admire and respect him so much that maybe hagi is one of the few things that turkish society can agree on unanimously . 
  whenever there is a discussion about a foreign footballer in turkey , people compare him with hagi and always conclude that hagi is the best . 
  that 's endearing . 
  i 'm sure he 'd appreciate that . 
  he no longer plays , but he has a smaller club for young men and it 's doing pretty good . 
  while i do sympathize with you on the matter of education , which is a sore spot for romania too ( and one of the main reason people vote for corrupt psd ) , i 'm sorry to say that it 'll take a while before eu will even unfreeze the talks about membership . 
  erdogan represents a threat to democracy and european values for many and while i do know there are turks who have to suffer the consequences of his actions unfairly , i do believe turkey needs to progress some more before talks can take place again . 
  romania had huge problems with corruption and while it still has n't won the war against it , we did win a lot of battles . 
  just recently 30k people took to the streets against corruption . 
  we were obviously helped by the eu on our journey , with the mcv and all , but erdogan is a different kind of threat than the corruption in romania . 
  censorship , trying to purge the opposition , threatening greece and many more . 
  these are serious things . 
  i do hope that with time the turkish people will see that erdogan is not the answer . 
  we all want to live better lives after all , but we do need to make some compromises . 
   my favorite footballer is georghe hagi man , turks really love him , you guys always mention him . 
  haha . 
  yep , he was great . 
  unfortunately , our football is shit nowadays . 
  corruption did that too . 
  shut up , dodon . 
  what 's worrying is that a lot of people in turkey support erdogan . 
  what are we to make of that ? 
  what do turks want exactly ? 
   i and a majority of my countrymen would sacrifice everything we have economically in order to free ourselves from the virus of progressivism and return to our traditional values . 
  good riddance !, 
  of course . 
  it 's what petty people do when they become overwhelmed with their inability to admit their political mistakes . 
  and i 'm not referring to the referendum . 
  yeah , i know , heard it from / r/romania . 
  to be honest , there 's not much to be expected from a rusophile hypocrite like dodon . 
  moldova is in ruins and he 's talking about historical moldova . 
  lol, 
  tl ; dr : dodon is a retard !, 
  first ukraine must be freed and helped to become stable again . 
  after that , we can enter * talks * . 
   also , a good read about igor dodon views on education . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  a fail because of the low turn out would put the case to rest too . 
  sure , some money would go into that , but at least you 'll be able to really say that the majority of them do n't want this . 
  what 's that got to do with it ? 
  if the scottish people want a referendum , you 'd be a hypocrite not to give them one . 
  especially after the brexit vote which affects their future too . 
  trump wants to split up the eu because of maliciousness and stupidity . 
  hopefully scotland will be given a chance to choose again . 
  it may pass , it may not pass , but at least it will settle the issue . 
   to boost security and prevent smuggling . 
  romania does n't recognize kosovo 's independence either . 
  we will recognize it one day , probably , but we do n't recognize it now . 
  there 's a reason why , but i wo n't go into that . 
  it has nothing to do with kosovo personally . 
  what ? 
   she wants to bring 30000 syrian refugees to moldova . 
  but why would someone even believe this ? 
  or do they think romania has a million syrian refugees or something ? 
   igor dodon asked maia sandu several times if she wants to go to the movies with him ( while igor dodon is married and has two kids ) to mark the idea that maia sandu is a lesbian . 
  and i thought our political debates are shit . 
  what a goddamn asshole !, 
   30000 refugees from syria are going to come to moldova after a talk between maia sandu and angela merkel . 
  absolutely stupid . 
  there are countries richer than romania that did not take that many . 
   also , the election was a fraud . 
  buses coming from pridnestrovia ( known to be a pro-russian region which is also a self proclaimed separatist state ) with people to vote for the socialist candidate . 
  most of them were paid while others have no idea what they were doing there . 
  i 'm so sorry for the moldovans who can see through the bullshit , but have to live through it because they 're a minority . 
  all in all , it 's only gon na get worse . 
  most of you should have a romanian visa at hand . 
  not because we 're better , but at least we 're not what igor dodon wants to make out of moldova . 
  serbia letting nato forces to pass through their country in their way to other eastern european countries which russia considers to be a threat ? 
  right ... 
  i just really do n't understand how he ended up being the president and how some * citizens of moldova , the same ones who said to romania , `` romania is trying to threaten our sovereignty with talks of unification '' , the same ones who embrace their * moldovan identity * , accept having a president who 's a step away from declaring moldova part of the russian federation . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm probably exaggerating right now , but it makes me mad to see this idiot being legitimized . 
  and the hypocrisy is mind boggling . 
  or maybe they 're allowed to do that because of intel . 
  otherwise , why is russia never critical of serbia ? 
  i mean , i 'm talking a small critical comment , not a full on nuclear threat like it 's with us . 
  * sigh * edit : i just read that dodon said romania is half moldova , half hungary . 
  so fuck him and whatever he does . 
  suck up to putin , you pleb . 
  careful , ukraine . 
  do n't upset your western neighbours too . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  well , i guess it has that common dose of nationalism in it .
