  we got attacked too . 
  this whole post is misleading and you could n't even make the map correctly . 
  yes , of course , that 's the first worry . 
  i was just saying that i 'm bitter that klaus is doing a decent job on international politics while these idiots ruin the country for their own personal gain . 
  yeah , you 're right , it 's this guy : http://kmkz.ro/sites/default/files/retrieve_images/dragnea-999.jpg haha . 
  we 're hopeless . 
  i mean no , we have potential , especially since our president worked hard to keep very good international relations , but no , instead we 're stuck with these corrupt imbeciles . 
  it 's so frustrating . 
  yes , yes , rub it in , you beer loving porn star !!, 
   wonderful  news , 
   do n't you think that better solution would be a some kind of barbed wire ? 
  tbh , i do n't like the idea of a barbed wire . 
  it 's kind of barbaric and i 'm sure that you could impose border security without a barbed wire if it 's really needed . 
  it is true , however , that schengen makes it more difficult because there is no border patrol . 
  afaik , serbia and romania have an agreement that if their refugees flee to romania , they are to be sent back to serbia . 
   it 's just a germany and sweden that are giving them what they want . 
  and they demand the same attidute from us imho . 
  sweden and germany may be able to give them benefits , but as long as we were deemed fit to keep refugees , the refugees can complain all they want and if they run to germany and sweden and these countries do n't send them back until the refugees realize that being a refugee means you have a right to protection and not the right to choose where you get that protection , than germany and sweden can deal with them when they will be overwhelmed . 
  things is , i 'm all for helping refugees , but the management of this crisis has been chaotic . 
  when you deal with a crisis like this , you need very good management , organization and these rules need to be enforced . 
  i do n't blame the refugees if they want to go to a place where they get benefits and since a lot of them do n't understand how this whole thing goes , they are prone to complain about it , but if you have rules and you make sure those rules are imposed , the refugees will understand that it does n't work like they think it does . 
   look at the globus and count the safe countries between syria and romania . 
  to be honest , if you look at the numbers , there 's plenty of refugees in mena countries . 
  the best solution to me is distribute them ( allow families together though ) and register them in their respective countries . 
  refugees , from what i 've seen in romania , are usually placed in buildings which are like student dorms where they begin their integration process . 
  if they flee from there , the people who work in these places , who have all their details , should alert the police . 
  the police can themselves give a warning to the police in border cities in neighbouring countries . 
  they are refugees , they are not eu citizens so they do n't have the right to just move from country to country however they like . 
  they are to be caught and sent back to the country where they are registered . 
  they need to be explained that if they are distributed to a safe country that can keep them in good conditions , they are not allowed to go where they want to . 
  it 's either be safe in this country or choose to go back to syria . 
  additionally , the eu should pay and monitor countries outside of the eu to keep more refugees in those countries , all the while trying to stop russia and the us from playing their political games in syria and trying to get the place back in order somehow . 
  this is obviously very hard to do , but necessary because otherwise they will keep coming and there are many non eu countries already flooded with refugees that just wo n't accept to take in more . 
  another thing i 'd like is to pressure the us to take refugees because this is mainly their mess . 
  the eu ca n't really listen to every refugee 's wishes . 
  like i 've said so many times before , they are n't on vacation . 
  if the eu would let them all concentrate in one single country , that country would be overwhelmed . 
  they need to be placed in a manner in which no country is overwhelmed by the numbers . 
  i 'm just stating facts , mate . 
  it 's easier to say `` well , * we * did n't make it crappy '' when one side had all the help it needed to * not become crappy * . 
  i do n't jack off to wwii . 
  we were losers on the winning side . 
  we were bigger losers than germany . 
  that 's because the eu might come through for finns . 
  [ another romanian has explained this . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6jjrmm/the_eu_would_save_20_billionyear_if_it_had_a/djezoqr/ ), 
  germany should have been just as crappy as the east , if not crappier , if the post ww2 treatment would have been fair to everyone . 
  cooperation would be okay , but i 'd still want each army to be fully controlled by their respective countries . 
  i do n't know what a unified eu army entails in that sense so i 'm a bit skeptical . 
  i thought the same thing . 
  it does n't look appealing at all . 
  germany , finland and the netherlands are blocking the door . 
  we never did that tbh . 
  we were told the criteria and we met it and now we expect to be allowed in it . 
  i do n't even know what is finland 's problem with us , damn introvert alcoholics . 
  germany will probably not oppose it the next time , so i imagine and hope , but the netherlands never liked us so no surprise there . 
  most probably the narrative v4 uses for refugees , the netherlands uses for us even if it makes no sense . 
  yep and the eu parliament supported our entry in 2011 . 
  it 's really upsetting for us , our president has constantly tried to talk about it and merkel basically told him to `` keep talking about it '' afaik . 
  it 's not about people , it 's about easier movement of goods , so i do n't get why we ca n't just join . 
  it 's actually ridiculous that 6 years passed and nothing happened . 
  we 're not v4 , we do n't try to start shit in the eu , we usually cooperate well , but this upsets many . 
  if croatia joins before us , i 'm rioting . 
  they just got here . 
   pushes an agenda about a obnoxious populist, 
  / r/europe should definitely play that one to settle the brexit debate . 
  * sadly waves at everyone else *, 
  that is quite weird when you think about it . 
  in romania , the first time women voted was in 1929 ( only in local elections with restrictions ) and then they had the full right to vote in 1946 . 
  no problem , bud . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i think the eu was quite clear on the fundamental rules of the sm and how it will not bend it for uk . 
  it 's not even in their interest to bend it for anyone , not just the uk . 
  that 's the vibe that his comment gave off , like we 're good for nothing countries which bring nothing to the table and should forever live in humble gratitude . 
  he then admitted that his comment did give off that vibe because he has been having arguments with eastern europeans or central europeans or whatever that have a `` stick it to the man for no good reason '' attitude . 
  i just wanted to make sure he does n't fall in the other side of the spectrum where he views us , eastern countries , like i 've just described in my first sentence . 
  i was also commenting after reading a couple of threads on the v4 issue . 
  i understand people are pissed at v4 nowadays , but i 'm also sick of countless comments that say `` fuck eastern europe , those poor idiots who are good for nothing and just want to suck our money '' which is not only false , but it is a very flawed understanding of how profit goes between we and ee . 
  i do not agree with v4 , there was a vote and they should comply or agree with the sanctions , i 've fought with many v4 people on reddit on this issue myself , but i 've also just had enough of western europeans being patronizing and condescending towards eastern europeans without bringing nothing of substance into the discussion . 
  us vs them because i want us to be treated like partners and not colonies ? 
  what ? 
  save us !, 
  sure , that 's true enough . 
  i 'm especially pissed at romania because we do have the potential to become a bigger player in the game , but we 're held back by people voting for corrupted and dumb politicians . 
  if we 'd be stupid enough to let them treat us as africa , yes , maybe . 
  and i do n't know about voting allies , that mostly applies to the v4 and it is only concentrated around controversial subjects such as the refugee crisis and most of the time uk has opt outs . 
  all i 'm saying is that i do n't agree with your position , which says that we 're inferior and dispensable and should always bow our heads to the west 's gratitude . 
  truth is much simpler : history was on their side , but i 'll be damned if i let the rich guy treat me like shit because he was flourishing in democracy while i was stuck on the other side of the iron curtain . 
  i 'm a pro eu person , no doubt about that , but we 're here as partners , not as a colony so please stop acting like we need to kiss someone 's feet when we contribute to this project too . 
  if they did n't want us here , they would n't have let us in and that would have been it . 
  this is just as bad as people from v4 saying `` we do n't know why , but we got ta stick it to the eu man #v 4stronk '' . 
  not a favor maybe , but we sure are making them lots of profit . 
  let 's not tip the scale in the opposite direction either . 
  yes , i agree that if the majority voted for something , they should either comply or accept the sanctions . 
  but we should really not rely on quota systems for too long . 
  we need to solve the root problem in syria asap . 
  32c right now in bucharest , but it can get up to 39c . 
  i assume it can get even worse in the south . 
  but at least you have mild winters and not -25 c. 
  you 're going over the line with that .
