  show us this statistic that shows `` a large increase in hate crimes across europe '' . 
  i 'm curious . 
   as of 2016 , romania does not have any blasphemy laws in force . 
  according to romanian law , `` cults , religious associations and religious groups ... must not infringe upon ... fundamental human rights and liberties '' , which , according to the constitution of romania , include freedom of conscience and freedom of expression . 
   in may 2011 , a national liberal deputy proposed a bill for the prevention of religious intolerance , which would have criminalized blasphemy . 
  the bill was withdrawn however later that month . 
  well , there 's [ christian rap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks81wtrbv_c ) . 
  the only thing that came to my mind right now . 
  not as common as people with dark hair , obviously , but blondes are n't very rare either . 
  it 's not necessarily a priority in front of our native language or basic school subjects like maths , etc. , but you have to remember : - english is so widely used that you 're expected to know english . 
  it 's default to know your native language + english . 
  - sometimes people who speak english as a mother tongue forget that most of us have to learn their language to communicate with them . 
  it 's a privilege to be a native english speaker because your language is a global language . 
  - a lot of jobs now are beyond english right now . 
  you 're expected to know english and maybe one or two other languages . 
  and if you only know your native language , you 're going to have a hard time competing with those who know english as it 's always a pro on your resume , especially in it , costumer service and similar fields . 
  - when you 're a non native english speaker , people are surprised when you know 3 or 4 languages while when you are a native english person and you learn another language . 
  people praise you as if you did a miraculous thing . 
  which can be bothersome sometimes . 
  well , you know , romania is a secular country , but we still have a lot of believers ( many believe but do n't go to church much other than major holidays like easter ) . 
  so eastern european countries = / = non secular necessarily . 
  oh boy ... that 's all we do all day . 
  is the european theater covered the same as the pacific one in the us ? 
   do your history classes incorporate moral judgments ( cruel/appropriate/justified / unjustified/right/wrong , etc ) ? 
  yes and no . 
  depends on the teacher . 
   do your classes about the asian theater of ww2 mainly discuss the atomic bombs ? 
  i do n't even remember us talking much about the pacific theater . 
  the attack on pearl harbor is mentioned if i remember well because it 's when us entered the war and the bombs are mentioned because it was a unique event , but other than that , i do n't remember us talking about what went on there in depth , like we do with europe . 
  we mainly talk about the military conflicts in europe in wwii and the holocaust . 
  we are n't taught enough about it in my opinion , or not the way we should be taught . 
  the subject is taught but in a superficial way because our school system sucks . 
  but i 'm glad that some of our leaders want more awareness of the holocaust with museums and monuments and stuff because we had our part to play in it and people should know . 
  not necessarily to feel guilty , but to remember what humans can do to each other and never allow something like that again . 
  i do n't have a certain opinion on jews . 
  they 're people just like any other people . 
  i 'm just saddened that so many [ ( we had a huge amount of jewish people pre wwii ) ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/jlorkad_buho2zmynsap7v3jt3iocfptayz2ah3bxdq.jpg?w=1024&amp;s=21ddc220652b40a59d7ed91c38932bb7 ) were driven out of this country . 
  yes , we do n't have the *** puts fingers together in the italian way *** romance accent . 
  hahaha . 
  in a conventional invasion , we have a chance to last 3 days alone , but it would be quite though . 
  there was obviously some mixing , but too little to call slavs our ancestors . 
  romans and dacians . 
  yes . 
  it 's pretty ignorant too . 
  most romanians are actually light skinned , not that it matters . 
  no : - hate speech . 
  - denying the holocaust . 
  no , but romanians get the whole `` you do n't look like you 're romanian '' if they 're light skinned . 
  i imagine you can guess why . 
  [ do n't they all ? 
  ] ( https://www.dcnews.ro/olivia-steer-noi-controverse-despre-vaccinuri-devzolta-autism-nu-po-i-sa-te-joci_529196.html ) title says : `` olivia steer , new controversies about vaccines : '' [ vaccines ] develop autism . 
  you ca n't play with this . '', 
  well , it ca n't be anything other than a hard brexit , right ? 
  because there 's no way they can get access to the sm without freedom of movement and the british public will not stand for that . 
  we will not stand for a deal that breaks the fundamental rules of the sm either . 
  so i guess it 's better to just be done with it quickly . 
  anti vaccine people . 
  there 's actually a popular woman who says shit about vaccines on stupid shows and it is encouraging idiots . 
  there are jews who hate zionists too and burn the flag of israel . 
  never heard of that . 
  interesting . 
  where would the german reich be then if the country is set up by allies ? 
  on the dark side of the moon ? 
   edit : you are advocating removal of czechs from eu in this thread ( now deleted , see edit 2 ) . 
  how about remove you from eu ? 
   edit 2 : since you deleted your comment , here is saved snapshot http://www.freezepage.com/1496959935wbxlaopwlt . 
  as if i give a shit that you screenshoted that . 
  i removed that comment for another reason because that thread is full of far right lunatics . 
  i 'm not advocating for that ( i guess i got ta explain sarcasm to you since you do n't seem to get it ) , i was just saying that if czechia is bothered by international conventions , democratic decisions and does n't want to follow them or accept the consequences for not following them , czechia can simply leave . 
  literally no one is holding czechia here against their will . 
  but they wo n't cause they 're 100 % dependent on eu no matter how much they complain so this is all just circus that makes them and the rest of the v4 embarrassing . 
   how about remove you from eu ? 
  haha . 
  we ca n't compare the situation though ... in the 1960s , romania officially distanced itself from the soviet union , in 1989 people lost their lives fighting the communist regimes . 
  in 1990 people were in the streets protesting against neo communists and being horribly beaten by miners . 
  in 2002 we were accepted into nato and we became a member in 2004 . 
  3 years later we joined the eu . 
  and we were good buddies of the us . 
  people in russia today rejoice their authoritarian leader . 
  i 'm sorry , i just do n't see how the public will rise against putin or someone like putin which will surely come after him . 
  i see very little desire for a big enough change in russia . 
  in russia , putin , an authoritarian leader who still wages wars in neighnour countries and assassinates opposition politicians and journalists , is popular . 
  the next president of russia , whoever he may be , will not be very different from putin ( and presidents in russia seem to last a `` lifetime '' ) because i see very little will to change from the russian people , let alone the russian leaders . 
  anti putin russians are a minority . 
  they wo n't be able to cause any big changes . 
  and besides all this , it is sort of sentimental too . 
  why would i want russia to be a partner ? 
  what has russia ever done to deserve my country 's respect ? 
  you can ask me all the hypothetical questions you want , i ca n't just think of russia as anything else than what it is and what it was and most of the time it 's nothing good . 
  maybe they will have a sort of trading relationship with the eu if they become as democratic as op suggests , but i doubt they will become this democratic within my lifetime . 
  sue me if you do n't like that . 
  if that happened within my life time , i 'd be very , very skeptical about how quickly they became pro-eu since they have so much stuff to fix besides eu criteria . 
  i , personally , would wish that my country would veto them . 
  i do n't trust russia . 
  simple as that . 
  i lose points at the micro states , like there 's not even a shape to remember , they 're just ... dots . 
  i was in bed , almost asleep when my budgies started freaking out . 
  i immediately stood up and turned on the lights . 
  the closet was shaking quite a bit and the doors were shaking too . 
  it stopped eventually but i was both freaked out and in wonder because i was always the one who never felt earthquakes .
