  if you organize yourselves you can do it as well . 
  the problem is that it seems only in crucial times we , as people , come together . 
  could we have prevented what happened in romania ? 
  yes , by being interested in politics and voting responsibly . 
  is the protest still a wonderful thing although the problems could have been prevented ? 
  yes . 
  there are many things which makes someone passive , but they can be awaken from that passiveness . 
  better late than never . 
  bulgarian too . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i have to mention that these days a lot of non-romanian flags have been waved at the protests ( eu , bulgarian and even us ) . 
  just today i saw someone in the front line [ with a german flag next to someone with an european flag ] ( https://vid.me/p3wg ) . 
  it was great . 
  sorry for the horrible filming , i had so many things in my hands . 
  it does n't matter in the end . 
  i actually said to a friend earlier when i was still in victoria square that even if two bulgarians protest for romania , it matters . 
  their opinion and their actions matter to us and i thank everyone who took from their personal time to do this . 
  we 've made history today . 
  thank you !, 
  it means a lot !, 
  thank you , you beautiful people !, 
  thank you for your solidarity !, 
  so beautiful . 
  beautiful view , beautiful people fighting for their future . 
  i am so proud of us . 
  it was a really disgusting patronizing attitude . 
  there were all kinds of comments about george soros , our president klaus iohannis , our previous technocrat government ( miss you ciolos !!!! ), 
  and the dna . 
  they even attacked the eu for trying to attack a legitimate government and said they 'll protect democracy because they had the popular vote . 
  some of their members , not just sdp but also alde , called protesters nazis , cretins , stupid , manipulated , etc. 
  through all of this , they did n't just insult and patronize us , the protesters , but also : the opposition , our president klaus iohannis , the dna , some romanian universities , some journalists , the eu , nato and switzerland , because they all stood against their actions . 
  you ca n't get lower than that . 
   the same party will name a prime-minister in his place , so it wo n't be a huge change unless iohannis refuses the appoint another sdp pm and we get snap elections . 
  stop this misinformation . 
  cutting eu funds will not hurt their pockets since they ca n't steal eu funds and they barely use them anyway . 
  yep , look at the hands and how they 're cropped . 
  even at the cat 's belly . 
  plus , the dude is supposedly in a t-shirt and who the hell would go out in a t-shirt to protest when that pic is taken when it was even colder than now . 
   ) also , nobody 's looking at the cat . 
  people would have looked at the cat . 
  that did n't happen . 
  it 's a photoshopped image and it 's from the beginning of the protests , when people were still protesting at university square and marching . 
  yes , i know who the romanian meps are and i 'll take this chance to say : you go monica macovei and cristian busoi and fuck you viorica dancila and norica nicolai . 
  liviu dragnea is the sdp leader . 
  sorry for the typo in title . 
  picture by \u00a9 ciprian vl\u0103du\u021b, 
  i did not know . 
  we 're quite upset and sensitive now . 
  please keep your brexit rhetoric out of this . 
  it 's not the time . 
  maybe you do n't appreciate the eu , i do n't know , but we do . 
  the eu helped and is helping us on our path to become a healthy democracy and we 're facing a huge obstacle right now , one that could put us where we were 10 years ago , when we just joined the eu . 
  people are desperate here . 
  have some respect . 
  aesthetically or ? 
  it signifies that we do n't want to go in the direction our politicians are heading . 
  we care about democracy and european values . 
  and we thank europeans who support our fight !, 
  it is truly crucial . 
  normally , i would say `` chill '' . 
  not right now . 
  the clock is ticking . 
  we just have 7 days left until the emergency ordinances come in effect if they 're not canceled . 
  the link is in romanian , but inside it you can find a link that directs you to the facebook event for the protest in sofia . 
  it can be find in the link here :  14:11 - bulgarii organizeaza duminica un protest de sustinere pentru romanii care ies in strada . 
  thank you bulgaria !, 
  i was thinking the same thing , especially because i knew poland was warned by the eu due to their recent issues . 
  thanks !, 
  well , i mean , i hope we do n't get to that and we get rid of these cockroaches . 
  why would they veto it ? 
  genuine question . 
  exactly . 
  there were some kids handing out flowers to them with signs saying , `` gendarmes we are with you . 
  i hope you are with us . '', 
  munich too . 
  yep . 
  we will keep fighting . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't have information about the protests happening outside of bucharest . 
  if there 's a romanian that does , they could share . 
  yes , of course , but we see that psd/alde has not an ounce of decency and if they care , they do n't show it . 
  there will be protests until the problem is solved . 
  this weekend some people from all over the country are also coming to bucharest to make a bigger crowd . 
  our esitmation is that during the weekend we 'll see a crowd of 500.000 or even more . 
  or so we hope . 
  romanian diaspora from germany , uk , france , etc. 
  will also be protesting . 
  i 'm not justifying him , i 'm just saying that at least he said exactly what he was , but these people ? 
  these are communists as well , iliescu 's communists , and they try to justify their destruction with the popular vote . 
  the popular vote does not give you a right to bring a country to its knees . 
  their justification is that cedo warned us of our overcrowding prisons issue and that we needed the emergency ordinances because otherwise cedo would impose massive sanctions on us . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  yes , cedo has noticed the problem , but is willing to give romania a time limit to find solutions and then a time limit to implement them . 
  and even so , you do n't give emergency ordinances at 9pm without it even being on the schedule or announcing it in any way other than a patronizing press conference after the government session was over . 
  30 minutes later 4000 ( if i remember well ) gathered to protest until 3am . 
  that 's good . 
  swiss media was wondering if we 're becoming a banana republic . 
  pretty sad . 
  some people were also waving eu flags . 
  i know there 's not much the eu can do other than warn the government and worse , sanction us ( which would just affect the people rather than the government ) , but i thought this shows just how desperate we are . 
  he 's definitely a sdp troll .
