  generally romance speakers . 
  in romania , it is n't very hard to talk to strangers . 
  especially old people , they talk a lot . 
  some will be up for a chat with a stranger , others will nod and smile hoping you 'll go away , but romanians in general can be quite chatty from my experience . 
  picked up a frog and tried to put it on my mates ' faces . 
  well , at least you did n't get registered as a sex offender while peeing on a highschool . 
  italy , spain , france and portugal . 
  romania is geographically southeastern europe , but in cold war terms , it is eastern europe . 
  the reality of romania is that while there we are poorer , we have more corruption , we are more religious/conservative and we immigrate more than we should ( excluding the roma immigrants abroad who are often associated with `` the face of romania '' ) , people like nigel farage and a part of the british media ( using them as obvious examples ) exaggerate things . 
  for example , he said uk should not be in a union with countries like romania and bulgaria because we are too corrupt . 
  italy is more corrupt than romania according to recent statistics . 
  does anyone even talk about it ? 
  no corruption if you do n't talk about it , right ? 
  especially when the western media does n't talk about it . 
  the truth is that there 's a lot of xenophobia and prejudice against ee , from petty , small things like being denied hotel stay or having people tell you that you are `` polish vermin '' to politicians saying `` i would not want to live next to a romanian . '', 
  or not being allowed into schengen despite working hard to meet criteria just because certain we countries do n't like you . 
  double standards are also common , as the one i mentioned above . 
  in western europe you will rarely be judged for being xenophobic towards eastern europeans , but god forbid you the media shitstorm say anything about other ethnicities , races or religions . 
  there are a lots of very smart romanians in romania or working abroad . 
  the press does n't talk about them , they only want to talk about criminals who make up a small precentege of the romanians abroad . 
  we are developing . 
  maybe more slowly than others , maybe even more slowly than other ee countries , but we are . 
  we still have a long way to go , but we did n't get the head start we did . 
  communism has long , long lasting effects , not only on politics , but on the people , on the way a society thinks . 
  because of many things ... eastern europe countries are post communist countries and we 've been cut off from the world for almost 50 years while the west developed gracefully after the war . 
  people associate ee with broken democracies , poorness , low skilled immigrants taking dem jobs , religion ( and thus more conservative ) , etc. 
  you got ta admit that it 's a bit hurtful to eastern europeans when instead of being chill about it , many act as if they were called a `` motherfucker '' or something . 
  senpai noticed us . 
  my experience with them was overall a bit more negative , but i 've met quite a few nice gypsies as well . 
  it really depends . 
  some try to scam you or steal from you , other are normal people with normal lives . 
  i 've had a few gypsies as classmates , they were usually normal kids , but some were bullies . 
  traitor !!, 
  nope . 
  we have bunic\u0103 and bunic or mamaie and tataie . 
  for auntie and uncle we have m\u0103tu\u015f\u0103 and unchi . 
  jeans and a shirt . 
  usually black . 
  like my soul . 
  lol 2 . 
  something easy like a sandwich or two . 
  i do n't eat much . 
  i drink water , juice or tea , depending on what i want at the moment . 
  my anxiety . 
  there has never been something as frustrating or stressful as anxiety . 
  worried . 
  `` i 'm okay . '', 
  i used to be very impulsive and i still am to a degree . 
  some romanians use certain romani rooted words like `` mi\u0219to '' ( romani : ** mi\u0161to ** ) which means `` cool '' or `` awesome '' . 
  when somebody does n't understand something even after it was explained . 
  ( are you turkish ? ), 
  when somebody ca n't finish something . 
  ( he drowned at the shore like a gypsy . ), 
  bulgaria and the romance speaking countries . 
  klaus iohannis is alright for the most part . 
  he could do more though . 
  i think you chose a good path for romania . 
  for tips on what to see in all these romanian cities , see [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/wiki/travel ) . 
   it 's not like there 's anyone or anything else to prevail instead . 
  mother nature would . 
  those look great !, 
  we 'll have family over and eat traditional foods like painted eggs , cozonac , roasted lamb , etc. 
  and we 'll break each other 's eggs , as weird as it sounds . 
  we have this tradition where two people pick painted eggs for themselves and one says `` hristos a \u00eenviat ! '', 
  ( christ is risen !, 
  - aka has been resurrected - ) and the other says `` adev\u0103rat a \u00eenviat ! '', 
  and they knock their eggs to see who 's egg cracks . 
  you 're painting them on sunday ? 
  in the hallway , but it 's in a certain place behind a curtain so you ca n't really see it . 
  the bathroom 's too small or it would have been there . 
  well , it 's hard to tell you what most people want since most people do n't actually go and vote during parliamentary elections here . 
  last one had a 40 % turnout so who knows what the rest of those who did n't vote want . 
  i guess they 're fine with the psd mafia rule because if they would n't , they 'd actually move their stupid asses to the polls . 
  i wo n't name one person , but psd is the std that keeps on giving . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  do you mean not so liked ethnicity in europe ? 
  oh god no * cringes *, 
  also , that some people are still fighting to make this country better even with these terrible odds . 
  i ai n't touching it . 
  last time i drank some ... it did not go well . 
  i 've been fat shamed , but i was not actually that fat . 
  i was just fatter than other people in my elementary school class . 
  later i went through a anorexic episode when i was 1.56 cm and weighed 40kgs and barely ate anything ( and developed stomach problems ) . 
  and now my bmi is almost 22 . 
  personally , i 've dealt and witnessed fat shaming , but never did i hear a teacher or the media putting a name on it or talking about it openly . 
  of course quite some time passed since then . 
  the media here barely started talking about bullying a couple of years ago . 
  flag burning is not illegal here . 
  i have n't felt a big one either , and i hope i wo n't , but the last time i felt one i was at my pc . 
  i have a very old chair that i need to change and it shakes a lot on its own , never mind when there 's a earthquake . 
  so it started shaking , but at first i did n't realize it was an earthquake . 
  then it got more intense and the doors of my closet started shaking as well and i realized what was happening . 
  at least my budgie did n't go nuts that time . 
  and believe me ... you do n't want to experience a big earthquake . 
  i was at a museum in london once and they were simulating a big earthquake on a platform . 
  i could barely stand on my own . 
  your former flag looks so nice . 
  the colors work and it looks ... vintage in a way . 
  i do n't know , i just like it . 
  i like the current one too .
