  thing is , many western europeans do n't feel that russia is a threat and they do n't want to spend more for defense , they want the money to go to `` better causes '' and i 've personally had this talk with quite a few europeans . 
  they call eastern europeans paranoid but they do n't know russia like we do . 
  oh ... so they would n't try to fight corruption ? 
  i thought they were a bit like our national liberals who have problems with corruption , but support the fight against corruption even when their members are being arrested . 
  that 's too bad . 
  you 'd expect more from a pro eu party . 
  okay , but at least they 're pro eu ? 
  which means maybe they may be willing to support anti corruption even if they do it through gritted teeth . 
  seeing as gerb basically won , bulgarians are goddamn lucky . 
  not really . 
  in my experience , most people wash their hands . 
  it 's nothing controversial . 
   a man , who nobody knew who he has yesterday i 'm pretty sure he was well known ever since his judicial case at least . 
   this man is being openly declared as the possible next president by the anglo-saxon and american media . 
  it 's just talk . 
  either they do n't realize or do n't want to realize the depth of putin 's influence . 
  not uncommon . 
  propaganda channels would do that . 
  why would they discuss the reason citizens are concerned rather than insist that they are anarchists for not protesting `` legally '' ? 
  i said everyone as in everyone not spending enough . 
  and as you can see , even if the sanctions hurt russia , russia does not care . 
  most of the pictures are presenting a very bad image . 
  i would n't call it a fair representation . 
  putin did that before it was cool by killing them . 
   posting only beautiful pictures would 've been propaganda . 
  as opposed to posting the worst pictures ? 
  that 's propaganda too . 
  very cool !, 
  the first picture looks so great . 
  so many people !, 
  here 's [ romania ] ( https://vid.me/5uje ) yesterday . 
  capital in brexit negotiations . 
  eu countries barely invest in defense . 
  but germany has to up their defense spending . 
  not for trump the clown , but for them and for europe . 
  everyone needs to invest more in military and stop being naive about being friends with russia . 
  this . 
  angela merkel has a lot of patience . 
   a banana or an orange for christmas making your year that was more during communism than the 90s . 
  in the 90s , the country was importing more . 
   all main tv channel websites have little to no mention of today 's protests . 
  that is upsetting . 
  thank you !, 
  well , protesting is a good sign anyway . 
  as long as you protest they will know you 're not indifferent to their corruption and that you 're watching them closely ( we have this '' #weseeyou '' slogan during the protests ) . 
  i hope you guys will get some results , but i ca n't be too optimistic about it to be honest . 
   altered ruined * , altered can mean either bad or good . 
  he 's basically saying that they were innocent and that the protests gave romania a bad image . 
  quite the contrary . 
  sure , protests are a lot of the times a sign that something is not going well so that is a bad thing , but the act of protesting against bad things is a good thing . 
  edit : by the way guys , he 's the alde leader , the one that managed to confuse everyone with his anti eu rhetoric . 
  can you talk a bit more about this protest ? 
  great pictures by the way . 
  is this protest against putin too or is he not seen as corrupt ? 
  how big was the protest ? 
  how do the gendarmes ( or however they 're called there ) react towards the protesters ? 
  are they more mellow or just aggressive from the beginning ? 
  what do the people want to be done exactly ? 
  how does the government feel about it ? 
  are there any official statements yet ? 
  will this continue for a longer period of time ? 
  is n't he barred from politics or being a presidential candidate ? 
  what 's the point of killing him if he ca n't do much politically . 
  sure , protests are important but ... 
  there were very nice places , very nasty places and okay places . 
  that being said , half of the pictures you posted do not correctly represent romania in the 90s . 
  dude ... stop trolling . 
  we can not afford such measures . 
  i guess so . 
  thanks !, 
  switzerland is on that list too . 
  why do they not participate ? 
  is it something to do with them being the world 's bank and neutral or something ? 
  why is turkey a full member ? 
  genuinely curious to find out , but too lazy to go and read walls of text . 
  so nationalists can never be stupid ? 
  because while not all who are against the eu are nationalists , some are and some of them are fairly stupid . 
  - former technocrat pm acknowledged he 's not going to enter save romanian union party . 
  he might form his own party . 
  [ x ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/former-pm-says-wont-join-save-romania-union/ ) - romania wants to host european medicine agency that is currently in london . 
  we do n't have a eu agency on our territory yet . 
  [ x ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/romania-wants-host-european-medicines-agency-bucharest/ ) - our budget deficit will exceed 3 % because of our government 's irresponsible measures of raising salaries and pensions beyond our limits . 
  many fear we will become the new greece . 
  [ x ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/ec-expects-romanian-government-prove-sustainability-measures/ ) - bucharest mayor wants to spend a lot of money on churches , statues and easter decorations when that money is sorely needed in important areas like infrastructure , public transportation , schools , hospitals , etc. 
  - the church organized ( they 'll deny , but we know better ) an anti abortion march and basically forced religion teachers to attend as well as making them tell the students to attend . 
  education minister said that teachers or anyone else have no obligation to participate . 
  2000-3000 people participated in bucharest . 
  meanwhile some `` graffiti '' showed up in the capitals with messages like `` sexual education prevents abortions '' . 
  if you want to hear more bullshit , a bishop from cluj said romania would not fail demographically if every young family had three children , one for the mother , one for the father and one for the country and the church . 
  - more corruption news about hospitals and doctors who take bribes . 
  we now have more methods to report doctors who ask for bribes and some of them are not happy . 
  - imf recently warned our government regarding spending saying we might enter an economic crisis . 
  they made some suggestions on how to avoid this . 
  our minister of labor , who 's one of the worst people in our government and who , for example , wants to double all salaries below the sum of 870 euro ( only for state employees and gradually until the end of her term ) , said imf should mind its own business . 
  to quote her , `` psd ( her party ) won the elections , not imf . '' . 
  - parliament voted against a law project that would have forced all building administrators to install sprinklers as a safety measure . 
  - it 's been 3 months since the elections and we 've already run out of money to co-fund projects with eu funds ran by local authorities . 
  we also have an atrocious absorption rate of eu funds in general . 
  - [ i 'm going to include this just for morbid entertainment ] liviu dragnea , social democratic party leader , one of the most hated politicians by those who actually care about romania and one of our most corrupted politicians has posted a meme last night mocking the huge protests that took place recently . 
  during our protests one of the slogans was `` at night , like thieves . '',
