  you live your summer in 16 to 28 and it 's midnight in bucharest with a temperature of 30 . 
  40 and 40 + days this weekend in romania . 
  give me the ocean, 
   do you have a source where i could read more about this ? 
  it 's interesting to me because in the other countries i know of ( romania and hungary mostly ) jews were persecuted pretty badly under the communists . 
  more like sold to israel so they can leave , the same way ceausesc sold ethnic germans to germany . 
  we 're neither small , nor a neighbour of russia . 
  invalid argument . 
  it 's about principles and knowing that outside of the eu is worse than inside the eu , regardless of russia , which is more bound to nato than the eu . 
  so yeah . 
  do n't pride yourself too much in the face of russia , poland . 
  third time may not be a charm . 
   really badass if only they were . 
  all their leader do is yap anti eu shit . 
  that 's a pretty bullshit criteria for right wing extremists , a way of saying `` you ca n't judge me , i 'm not a dictator '' . 
   east europeans have shown time and time again , that you opt for conflict with russia instead of trying to work out things . 
  gtfo with that bullshit rhetoric . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   western europe has a lot of dealings with russia and sees them as a partner . 
  you see them as an enemy . 
  they are an enemy . 
  you 're just too dumb to see it . 
   no means no . 
  they voted for the quotas . 
  it 's pretty bad here too . 
  and i 'm afraid it 'll get worse with each summer and we 'll end up in a post apocalyptic movie where you have to go out covered from head to toe because the sun is poison . . 
  even worse for me , as a persona allergic to the sun . 
  literally . 
  same . 
  we do n't have any eu agencies , but , as discussed in other threads , we will not get it , fault being on both sides , romania and the eu . 
  why ? 
  us cooperates well with a lot of eastern european countries . 
  not exactly . 
  germany is more dependent on russian gas than romania is . 
  romania is almost self sufficient and we actually want to pursue other ways to get our plus gas reserves ( aka agri ) than becoming more dependent and making it easy for russia to blackmail eastern europe with gas ( aka ns2 ) . 
  same in romania though . 
  we have mountains , sea , the danube , etc. 
  yeah . 
  plus , we 're not in schengen and our infrastructure sucks . 
  it 's 2015 data . 
  i think we beat bulgaria and croatia now . 
  our title as the worst is crumbling at times . 
  we need to work harder !, 
   i ca n't even imagine how terrible it would be to live as a gay person in romania . 
  i have gay friends . 
  they 're not having the time of their life , but they do n't hate it with the power of a thousand suns either . 
  and some of them see potential for change . 
  yeah , but spain , which already has like 4 agencies afaik , and others are also bidding so it 's pretty clear they wo n't move it here . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  well , i certainly hope they 're not given a vote of confidence . 
  i hope some more liberal parties can become popular in hungary . 
  they should work on making programs and promoting themselves i guess . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  true . 
  these things take time . 
  well , sounds to me like you 're happy . 
  if you did n't care , you would n't care whether or not georgia will be in nato , but obviously there 's an interest to keep georgia and other states out so yeah . 
   i think they learned their lesson , uh huh . 
  russia sure showed the world who 's the boss . 
  well , yeah , we shall see what happens . 
  when is the election ? 
  i wonder if the ec will start a process against cz before the election if the election is too late . 
  if it 's not late , they 'll probably wait and see what happens . 
  maybe not , but i see the subtle way you 're cheering for the conflicts on georgian territory so they have a hard time joining nato in the future . 
  they are screened genuine refugees . 
  leave him be . 
  he 's a known russia fan . 
  but it 's not mena immigration , unless he sells it that way . 
  good for them . 
  the number is already agreed on . 
  czechia has to take 2.5 k refugees afaik . 
  dude , everyone knows jobbik are an extremist party . 
  they 're radical nationalists and irredentist and antisemites . 
  there are no popular liberal parties in hungary so it 's either his party , mszp or jobbik . 
  fidesz will most likely win again . 
  jobbik might be if you give them the chance . 
  a nazi festival ? 
  how is that legal ? 
  listen , it 's pretty simple . 
  we like our constitution the way it is and it is not going to change . 
  stick to your very tolerant , not nationalist , not religious country ^ ^ / s and we 'll do the same . 
  sure , buddy , sure . 
  of course the common man on the street of germany has fuck all to do with this , and i think this was understood , but thing is , when something affects one western european country , the eu ( or at least the weu ) , the eu leaders , are all up in arms to defend and fight for that country 's interest and fix the thing . 
  we 're told , `` meh , do n't be paranoid , of course it 's not true , you 're just trying to start fights '' by western media or by redditors here who some of them absolutely deny the existence of this issue . 
  having people trying to paint this as an anti eu thing is really shitty considering that romania as well found problems and they 're the last country in ee you can call `` anti eu '' , even if we 'd have more solid reasons to have beef with the eu than countries like hungary or poland , which are just throwing a spectacle . 
  but , in the end , nobody in the eu is gon na do shit about it , do n't you worry about them german fish sticks . 
  if our concerns would be heard , romania would be in schengen 6 years ago . 
  bottom line is : what 's the problem with : a ) marketing a product as x romania so if a person sees x germany they know they can buy that one and not have to taste the iron curtain . 
  or b ) making certain food/drinks guidelines the same across the eu . 
  for example , you talked about lebensmittelbuch . 
  something like that could happen across the eu . 
  you kept pushing the narrative , which i despise , that eastern europeans do n't actually want to be able to have products as good in quality as westerners , we just want to `` get back at you '' and if that means you lowering your product standards , so be it . 
  this is completely untrue and it seems to me that you have a bit of a negative image of eastern europeans who are just people like you and who 'd like to get what they 're paying for . 
   as i 've said , always oppressed , always the victim . 
  please , let 's not talk about why your country is doing good today , okay ? 
   other than paranoia and envy citation needed : dddd  it 's not like with a multi speed europe the east ca n't do their own thing too . 
  it 's not like just , what , 2 days ago or so there was an article about how ~ dangerous ~ the tsi may be to eu . 
  spare me . 
   i do n't know why people assume the eu needs to be a thing where all do the same , when it is better for all involved if multiple approaches are tried and the best will eventually be dominant enough for the rest to follow suit . 
  because the eu is supposed to bring everyone on almost the same level .
