  yes , he is . 
  it seems that the ruling party , psd , can not hold their promises to their electorate and they want to pass all of the blame on him and his cabinet . 
  all of the ministers resigned from his cabinet because they 're the party leader 's slaves and the party leader told them that if they do not resign , they 'll be kicked out of the party , but this guy , the pm , was all like `` nah , i do n't accept that , i 'm not going to resign until the president of romania will name another psd pm and until the party leader resigns '' . 
  neither of these things can happen : the president can not name another pm while there 's still a pm in place and the psd party leader wo n't resign because he 'd rather die than give up the power . 
  the only choices are for the pm to resign or for the party to start a motion of no confidence against him in the parliament . 
  now , none of these things make the pm some angel or anything , but all the critical statements he made about his party 's leader can be good material for the oppositon and besides , it 's always a good thing if they fight among themselves . 
  there 's also rumors that the party leader is angry because the pm does n't want to pass certain amendments to the penal code that might get him out of a 2nd conviction . 
  the majority of people do n't vote in legislative elections , but psd has a very loyal electorate which never fails to show up . 
  if they do n't spark any controversies that could make those who do n't usually care show up to vote against them , they secure themselves a win . 
  the only elections they lose usually are the presidential ones , where more people show up , but tbh , having the parliament and the government is way more important than having the president . 
  i wish he 'd say : `` so you psd boys want some more technocrats ? '', 
  just to troll them . 
  but that wo n't happen . 
  i 'm so curious to see what klaus will say . 
  ** update : ** klaus will give declarations at 11:00 . 
  correction : the presidency 's spokesperson will be giving the declarations , not klaus . 
  indeed . 
  the whole thing is fishy tbh . 
  i do n't know what will happen . 
  tudorel just resigned too . 
  apparently grindeanu left the russia thing incomplete . 
  all i know is that i 've had my hopes up one too many times and the romanian electorate never fails to disappoint . 
  the opposition could have done so much more . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  of course i 'd enjoy them gaining more seats despite all this , but we 're going to have to wait and see what happens . 
  it 's not necessarily about more psd voters , but less usr/pnl voters . 
  pnl basically has evaporated and usr is fighting each other because of nd 's ego . 
  those who voted for the first time and who are n't very passionate about voting , but were somewhat convinced by usr might be like `` meh '' because of the ciolos scandal and now nd acting like a child and leaving the party and now waiting to see if he comes back and maybe he 'll leave the party again when something he does n't like happens and so on . 
  it 's a good thing they 're fighting each other . 
  they ca n't keep their promises to their electorate so they 're trying to pass the blame . 
  the puppet pm was like `` hold up , you ca n't simply pin everything on me '' to the party leader . 
  party leader wants a new pm and a new set of ministers with a few exceptions probably . 
  the party also voted that any ministers who stand by the current pm will be excluded from the party . 
  current pm says he wo n't resign and just a short while ago the press says there are rumors that the pm actually told the party leader he 'll resign if the party leader himself resigns . 
  but yeah , it 's good they 're fighting each other . 
  like / u/mihnea100 said ... the opposition is too busy fucking themselves over to actually fight the ruling party . 
  anyway ... the ruling party is here to stay because like i mentioned , in the case of snap elections , they 'll still win and there 's risk for the opposition to actually lose some seats considering the state they 're in right now . 
  so we 're stuck with them anyhow . 
   a pnl-psd coalition jesus christ no . 
  pnl needs to build itself into a respectable opposition not make a coalition with the mafia . 
  yeah . 
  there were some good points with the internal scandals in both psd and alde , but true about the rest . 
  i have n't even heard anything about pnl for a while now . 
  it 's like they disappeared . 
  and there is potential in the opposition , but if they sit on their ass ... even ponta is better at the opposition game than them right now . 
  i wonder how many years before the opposition will be able to form the majority . 
  i hope i 'm not 80 by then . 
  it 's a total shit show . 
  like always . 
  but grindeanu asking for dragnea 's resignation was the cherry on top . 
  i wonder if it 'll be confirmed in tonight 's press conference . 
  but in the end i do n't know what 's best . 
  sometimes i want to say snap elections , in case they do manage to overthrow grindeanu , but i 'm afraid psd will still get a win ... 
  totally agree . 
  indeed . 
  and we are n't that different from each other as people , i think . 
  i mean we 'd get along just fine , despite some hate incidents . 
  we are slowly , but surely taking over the world . 
    jokes aside , romanians love italy and spain because the language is easy to learn . 
  yeah , poland , the world is out to get you . 
  the agreement your country signed specifies these people coming from greece and italy have been screened and they are legitimate refugees . 
  everyone in the east has traumas from our far east neighbour or even immediate neighbours . 
  please do n't hint at similarities between su and eu because it 'll be embarrassing for everyone involved . 
  no one is imposing anything on you . 
  you entered a union , sometimes this union holds votes that do n't end up in your favor . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  believe me , i know that best seeing as how i 've been living with corrupt pieces of shit in this country for the past 27 years just because some people are stupid , selfish or do n't care . 
  but your country took part in a vote and the majority won so you either comply or accept sanctions . 
  remember that this is n't just about the eu , it 's international treaties that bind us to help refugees . 
  and when the people in all the other countries that take refugee see that the v4 gets away with not taking refugees or being sanctioned , they will too ask `` why are these countries treated like that ? 
  why are they allowed to get away with it ? '', 
  it has to be one way or the other and it will be . 
  and if far right politicians win in your country , it will hurt you more than taking a few refugees or accepting sanctions . 
  it will hurt you more than it 'll hurt the eu . 
  far right corrupt politicians bring nothing and they certainly do n't care about anything other than pushing an agenda that brings them votes . 
  we 'll reach czechia one day . 
  they just have to stop and wait for us . 
  sorry , buddy , ai n't our fault the people are stupid enough to vote for corrupt propagandistic far right pieces of shit . 
  you 're digging your own grave . 
  if france , after all that happened , was able to look past the hate and not put a fucking retard like le pen in power , then you have no excuse other than stupidity . 
  they saw themselves in the eu and have a growing economy and all those perks and they want to ruin that . 
  they can hurt themselves for all i care . 
   illegal immigrants 1 . 
  they are not illegal immigrants , the refugees from greece and italy have been screened and they 're from syria and iraq . 
  it 's not mainly the eu that tells them , it 's all the treaties regarding war refugees that they signed themselves . 
  at least do a bit of reading before y' all rage . 
  this . 
  every time an article is posted about this issue , it 's like the whole subreddit become an alt right paradise . 
  does not matter how rational you are , you will get downvoted into oblivion . 
  they did it because countries are bound by international treaties regarding refugees . 
  jesus , how hard is it to understand ? 
   i thought the union 's principles were democracy and equality between countries . 
  so why do these countries not accept the democratic vote that took place ? 
  exactly . 
  it ai n't our problem if their euroskeptic leaders throw their own countries in a hole over a few refugees . 
  it 's the fault of the people who fall for far right anti eu propaganda and elect shitty leaders that drive their countries down . 
  orban can kiss our asses . 
  same here . 
  this comment from macron was unnecessary . 
  it 's been clear that uk wants a different path .
