  the fact that we were on germany 's side and had our own little holocaust made many who were left alive flee to the west and later to israel . 
  some of them were also ran out by the communists . 
  my guess is that it 's cheap or that maybe some had grandparents that lived here and want to see the country . 
  i 've met some israeli tourists . 
  they were mostly young people visiting to have fun . 
  such is life when you 're romanian . 
  we learned it somewhere between 1st and 4th grade . 
  i think it 's because americans might not have prejudices against romania because they do n't know the talk in europe about us so they 're in for the ride . 
  it is indeed a beautiful country if one gives it a chance . 
  honestly , i have no idea , but i can confirm that i 've bumped into quite a few israeli tourists . 
  maybe because it 's cheap ? 
  maybe because the history , as unpleasant as it is ? 
  maybe because their grandparents used to live here and they want to see the country ? 
  i mean we used to have almost 1 million jews in romania . 
  now we have 3000 . who knows . 
  the ones i met were mostly young people just having fun . 
  well in 2016 , top ten countries where most tourists came from are : 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  italy 4 . 
  france 5 . 
  united kingdom 6 . 
  hungary 7 . 
  poland 9 . 
  spain 10 . 
  bulgaria, 
  you as in the collective you ( non ee labeled as ee ) , when aware of it . 
   i do n't see why we must accept the idiotic notion that `` eastern europe '' simply should be a backhanded insult and a synonym for being backwards and underdeveloped , that term means that nowadays because you let it to mean that . 
  every time you feel grossed out with the term , you shit on actual eastern europeans , because they are eastern europeans in whatever context you mean . 
  i 'm not saying you should n't correct someone geographically , which can happen in the same civilized manner in which you 'd respond if you were called a southerner or a northerner , but if they 're being an asshole to eastern europeans , the first reaction should n't be `` well , it 's not us who are shitty , it 's them * points at geographical eastern europeans * '' because then you 're just as much of an asshole . 
   and while you are right about there being people in ce who use the prejudiced meaning of `` eastern europe '' unironically , i would n't say that it 's necessarily to distance themselves from people farther east and assure themselves and others that they 're better then those shitty eastern europeans . 
  rather , the thinking seems to be `` yeah , we suck so much as to actually deserve being chucked into that horrible eastern europe you in the west feel so superior over . '', 
  so exactly the same thing . 
  if you did n't feel any shame over eastern europe , if you did n't look at eastern europeans as inferiors , you would be all like `` jokes on you , you ignorant idiot . 
  i 'm not an eastern european , but there is no shame in being one . '' . 
  i 'm trying to remain reasonable because you keep insulting me and the people that live here with every reply . 
  is it ? 
  tell me that what i 'm saying is n't true . 
  maybe y' all ca n't feel it because you do n't experience it . 
  we do . 
  ignorance from all geographical points . 
  so let me repeat ... 
  being a non eastern european is not inherently a quality . 
  you need to get that out of your heads . 
  i do n't think that 's always the case , but who knows , maybe it is . 
  even so , somebody 's got ta be eastern europe too , regardless of cold war terms or geographical position . 
  i guess we will always be associated with shitty stereotypes . 
  you just make it far easier for ignorant people to do so . 
  and believe me , as an easterner here on reddit , i 've witnessed central europeans ( or whatever is n't eastern europe ) support western ignorance about ee far too many times . 
  it 's quite a thing to have a complex so big that they need to shit on easterners to gain the approval of some western europeans . 
  it 's not a shame to be eastern europe you know ? 
  the fact that hungary or poland are considered central europe does n't make them any better . 
  i think people have a right to judge what 's going on in a country , but i do n't think suddenly being considered `` not eastern europe '' is proof that you 're somehow better . 
  edit : downvoting me wo n't change anything , it 's not a disagree button . 
  it just proves my point further . 
  yeah , but y' all are doing nothing to combat that , you 're just enforcing it every time you make a point of distancing yourself from stupid stereotypes rather than saying `` hey , dick , that 's not quite the whole truth , these countries are n't the savages you think they are '' . 
  if we 're talking strict geographical positions , my country is in southeastern europe . 
  does that matter to anyone ? 
  we 're eastern europe because that 's how things are . 
  i 'm just saying that because i 'm sick and tired of hungarians , poles , estonians , whatever is outside of the `` real eastern europe '' ( whatever that is ) , being condescending as hell and instead of trying to make a point that whatever ignorant people think of ee is not all true , they 're making a point of distancing themselves from eastern europe ( `` we are not * them * '' ) , thus proving to the ignorant person that they were right about those * damn eastern europeans * and solving absolutely nothing . 
  everyone here is so ignorant and i 'm especially pissed at those who were behind the iron curtain who should know better than act like they 're some beacon of civilization and the rest of in ee are some savages . 
  look at the v4 , especially hungary and poland , are you really going to say everything 's fine and dandy with what 's going on the political scene ? 
  lack of will for mutual defense ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  maybe in your central european country hungary where their leaders are buddies with putin . 
  skepticism in cooperation in the economical area ? 
  where ? 
  if this is what ee means to you than my god are you the ignorant one . 
  we 're not lithuania depressed yet , but we live with a general feeling of dread because of our superb politicians . 
  that 's true . 
  corruption breeds many problems . 
  laura is a she but i 'm happy you mentioned her nonetheless . 
  klaus iohannis and dacian ciolos are quite cool as well . 
  he 'd probably bribe someone to say something good about him . 
  hahahaha . 
  hahaha . 
  i should have taken notice of the `` zee '' before `` water '' . 
  yeah , we do n't actually refer to it as regatul unit , we usually say `` marea britanie '' or `` anglia '' , but i think that 's not inclusive so i thought i 'd use the right one . 
  the man drinks a glass of water per day ? 
  my margherita pizza is simple , but very good ? 
  does k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs count ? 
  a bull ran in short pants ? 
  almost . 
  :d in romania , a country located in south east europe , politicians ' corruption is a problem for ordinary citizens . 
  european relations are tense because of the vote for the uk to leave the eu . 
  regatul unit - united kingdom this forum is a place where europeans can present their opinions on different subjects mainly related to the european continent . 
  i understood that without translation completely , but i have an advantage in front of english speaker . 
  super !, 
  from wiki , mottos : romania : formerly nihil sine deo ( latin : nothing without god ) and before that to\u0163i \u00een unu ( romanian : all in one ) . 
  via\u021ba-n libertate ori moarte ( romanian : life in freedom or death ! ) . 
  currently none . 
  i ca n't recall a song about a certain country right now but we have a song named `` i want a country like the ones abroad '' or something along this line so i guess that counts since it 's mainly about how we want to be more like westerners . 
  well , there 's the [ hora unirii ( union hora ) ] ( https://youtu.be/jeuftba6ze8?t=22 ) . 
  it 's about the union with moldova . 
  translation and info [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_hora ) . 
  hora is a type of traditional dance here . 
  there are other songs too , but i 'm too lazy to search for them . 
  sure thing . 
  some romanians count that as a con , others say we should do it because `` they are our long lost brothers '' . 
  to be honest , basarabia was stolen from us a long time ago and because the unification did not happen quickly after communism fell , disparities of all sorts grew as time passed . 
  i do n't think the unification will happen , not in the current geopolitical situation at least , but i think romania will support moldova 's path to become a functional democracy and we will also support moldova 's relationship with the eu .
