  did n't know this . 
  she could definitely give bulgarians some advice , but if bulgarian politicians are anything like our social democrats then we know exactly how much they 'll want to hear her talk . 
  still cool . 
  best wishes to brolgaria !, 
  thank you !, 
  did n't see this on their facebook page of events . 
  maybe they 're made separately ? 
  where can i see the full list ? 
  at lease he did n't do anything . 
  look at [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_dchzyz8oo ) . 
  yeah , but it 's mostly just german cities . 
  the event on 25th is at a bigger european level . 
  there will also be marches throughout europe on 25th of march to celebrate the rome treaty . 
  for romanians , you can find the event on coruptia ucide 's page . 
  everyone else can look up events in their country [ here ] ( http://www.marchforeurope2017.eu/participate/ ) . 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe , but we had two gay dads and one of them was a roman . 
  they had relationship problems though and one of them committed suicide . 
  those are glorious roman eagles sir !, 
  france helping serial killers . 
  i knew nothing of this . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  serbia ? 
  what ? 
  what craiova treaty ? 
  this is trolling , is n't it ? 
  i have no idea about czech or slovak politics so ca n't comment . 
  i was generally referring to poland and hungary who have euroskeptic governments . 
  romania has a 5 % threshold and we still get over 5 parties in the parliament . 
   afaik , this mechanism does not allow to exclude member states . 
  what it does is to allow at least nine member states to create eu structures/laws applying to these member states . 
  furthermore , the areas where you could integrate are usually those which will benefit from as many member states as possible with little to no negative political impact for having member states participate . 
  the problem is not creating those structures , it 's how criteria to join them is made and how it 's applied , which is why i mentioned schengen . 
  schengen is n't mainly about people , it 's mainly about goods so any fear anyone has with romanians or whatever is unfounded as freedom of movement is already a thing . 
  and yet the ep voted in support of our entry ages ago and we 're still not in it . 
  that makes us cautious . 
  well , yes , but to integrate further there are measures to be taken to make that happen . 
  it 's not as simple as being willing to integrate further . 
  and our government can barely tie its own shoes . 
  of course , if our government is stupid it 's our responsibility not eu 's , but being ignored by the eu will enable them to do even more stupid stuff so it would really suck for a lot of people who do their best to better this country . 
  the pace can not be decided by countries themselves if the objectives and the rules of the objectives are chosen by a select few . 
  if the rules of advancing are too hard to comply to in a short period of time for countries that have different political , economical and social situations , you 'd be basically saying `` yeah , you can enter , but we made it so that you can only enter in 10 years because that 's how much it will realistically take you to get there . 
  and by then , 100 other new projects popped up . 
  good luck ! '', 
   a romanian is not `` stupid '' ... he 's `` a venice bush '' i should use this in arguments with foreigners to confuse them . 
   a romanian has n't been `` scammed '' ... he `` took a spike '' is n't it supposed to be `` stake '' ? 
  anyway . 
  dracula country confirmed . 
   a romanian will not look at you `` confused '' ... he will `` stare like the crow at the bone '' the more popular expression is `` stare like a cat at the calendar '' . 
  lol . 
  this is n't the first time a bulgarian official says something along of the lines `` we 're doing so much better than romania '' . 
  i 'm not even insulted tbh , i just feel bad for the bulgarian people hearing this and going like `` man , what the hell are you talking about ? '', 
  but do n't you worry . 
  you know how they say that once you hit rock bottom , you can only go up ? 
  well , our politicians are professional ~ ~ gold ~ ~ diggers . 
  may common sense have mercy on us all . 
  well , we have mountains , we have sea ... do n't need to travel for them . 
  :p we also do n't have much money so ... : /, 
  all you say sounds nice , especially if hungary and poland become less euroskeptic , but ... 1 . 
  we can not say this `` romania ! = gypsies '' because it 's more complicated than that . 
  first , we 'd be called racists because gypsies that hold romanian ids are romanian and we can not deny that . 
  then people would say `` why do n't you integrate them ? '', 
  but we have tried ( reserved positions in schools , etc. ), 
  and anyway , knowing our current government , they wo n't know where to fit `` integrating gypsies '' on their agenda between `` destroy the economy '' and `` make corruption great again '' . 
  lol 2 . 
  hungarians do n't really like us and orban outright hates us and probably dreams about our demise to the russians or something . 
  haha . 
  this was obviously an exaggeration , but you get the point . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't really have a good opinion of pis , but i do know that psd is a plague that suffocates our country . 
  so they 're meeting with poland to explain to poland what democracy is ? 
  baltics are not euroskeptic . 
  of course . 
  all of our politicians are against it , opposition or not . 
  our president understands how projects like schengen and euro have criteria to be met and countries enter these projects at their own pace ( although by now i think we 're being intentionally kept out of schengen by the netherlands especially ) , but he says that a multispeed eu should not be eu 's objective . 
  multispeed eu can really mean leaving us out of mostly everything . 
  we create almost no opposition to the eu and we just want to be treated like a partner and not a second class country . 
  sure , we 're not as developed as the west , but you guys welcomed us into the eu and we have made progress . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to put as at the end of the list . 
  i do n't want the multispeed eu to turn our country into an euroskeptic one over time . 
  i think the eu should hear our opinion too . 
  in the long run , they may find that it matters . 
  so wait ... there are rules on whether or not we get a say in our future ? 
  we need to do what exactly ? 
  i mean ... spain , germany , france , etc. 
  met to discuss the future of the eu and now you guys . 
  we may not be eurosketic , as is v4 , but we 're not anyone 's toys either . 
  i like how romania and bulgaria are usually ignored in these `` future of the eu '' talks . 
  it may be another symptom of the multispeed eu everyone wants . 
  we ca n't all move to other countries . 
  there 's already a brain drain going on here . 
  things have to be fixed at home so people can enjoy decent wages too . 
  damn . 
  poland 's been in a war with the eu lately . 
  first the warning of suspending voting rights over problems with the rule of law ( iirc ) and now this . 
  also , i do n't think tusk being reelected turned them to euroskeptics . 
  oh , yes , i must have interpreted wrongly because he spoke in a low voice and quickly . 
  my bad . 
  thank you very much for the reply !, 
  he told him something along the lines that `` you 're a guest '' ? 
  i heard the word `` musafir '' ( not sure it 's written like that in spanish , but it is in romanian ) which means guest .
