  i wish those of us who protest could change the way others vote or whether or not they vote at all , but we ca n't do enough . 
  a lot of us want to corruption to cease , but it 's very hard . 
  my hope is that our former pm will indeed make his own party , but i have a hard time seeing him win the elections because a ) loads of people do n't vote b ) psd has a very organized electorate . 
   c ) eastern european countries show some solidarity in return , which with the way the refugee crisis was handled in a lot of ee countries , who just refused any redistribution while germany , the netherlands , france , italy , greece , sweden , etc. 
  were forced to take the brunt of it , did not help a lot with regards to the perception of the ee countries just wanting to leech funds , but offer little in return . 
  i think the refugee crisis is a complicated matter that can be looked at from many perspectives . 
  while i do agree that we need to help , and we 've helped a bit , there 's also some things which the eu should do to avoid having to take more refugees in . 
  if the problems at home never stop , the people will just keep coming . 
  eu needs to find a way to treat the cause not the effect if it wants to better the lives of these people . 
  yes , we had growth . 
  i 'm not an expert in economics , but : - they want to double all salaries below the sum of 875 euro . 
  - it 's been 3 months and the government has no more money to co-fund the projects with eu funds run by local authorities . 
  - for example , bucharest mayor invests shit tons of money into churches or statues or easter lights to decorate the capital when we have major problems with infrastructure , hospitals , etc. 
  they said , `` do n't worry we will keep the deficit below 3 % '' . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  it 's a shitshow . 
  no , i just think it 'll be hard for countries like mine to meet criteria once again for another eu and then wait to see whether or not we 'll be accepted as schengen proved us that decisions are n't always objective . 
  i think that instead of bringing everyone on a somewhat similar level , the difference between we and ee will be even bigger than now . 
  but maybe it 'll be just us and bulgaria so it wo n't matter much i guess . 
  our former pm seems to support our place in the more integrated eu ( he said so after a meeting with juncker today ) , but he does n't have any influence on how our current government will act because our current government comes from hell . 
  surprisingly enough , both the government and our president ( who are often at odds ) reject the 2 speed eu . 
  i feel like we 'll end up having no choice because the 2nd speed eu can probably be created ( officially ) without the consent of all the eu members , just those who want to join this new small circle . 
  and of course this new small circle will have rules and regulations and ever since schengen we 're skeptical about how objective these rules are and how they 're applied . 
  not to mention that it 's probably going to take a while to fulfill whatever criteria we 're supposed to fulfill again . 
  now maybe if we had a better government or if our former pm would be leading the government again any time soon , i 'd be a little less worried about being treated even more like a second class citizen of the eu than i already am because maybe they 'd be capable to bring us to a better level , but that 's not the case unfortunately . 
  you 've probably already seen what they did last month and currently they 're trying to run our economy into the ground greece style . 
  it feels like a train that no one can stop because they 're doing it while dismissing any expert voice that has warned them of the consequences , including the imf . 
  i feel like the population 's stance on eu wo n't even matter . 
  anyway , no one can stop you guys from creating this new eu group for yourselves , but i ca n't say that being left behind and ignored wo n't make a lot of pro eu easterners resent the eu . 
  maybe fairly , maybe unfairly , but there will be some resentment . 
  i feel like with a multi speed eu , the difference between we and ee will be even bigger than it is now , from politics to economics . 
  or maybe it 'll just be romania and bulgaria 'cause the other countries seem to be doing fine . 
  oh , well , i guess whatever happens , happens . 
  i know i should n't get angry over things i ca n't control , but yeah ... 
  sorry for the long post . 
   how many , tho ? 
  as many as we could afford . 
   pretty sure the austrian job market would do better ... 
  pretty sure your co nationals would have jobs if they qualified for it . 
  pretty sure our immigrants in austria are mostly good , smart people . 
  pretty sure you 're okay with western immigrants , but not with eastern ones , regardless of their qualifications . 
   maybe we expect a litte solidary in return i.e. 
  in the refugee crisis we accepted refugees . 
   maybe some memberstates want further integration without countries that constantly holding them back . 
  who knows ? 
  and maybe my country expected a bit of solidarity when years ago the european parliament voted in support of our entry in schengen because we met the criteria , but i guess some westerners have a deep allergy to eastern europe . 
  you should have blocked our entry in the eu and be done with the whining if we 're such a burden to austria . 
  take your superiority complex and walk away . 
  i bet austrian companies will do well without illegal logging in romania . 
  that 's why eastern europe does n't want a 2nd speed eu . 
  it basically means `` you 're officially second class citizens of the eu '' . 
  nice you support it tho . 
  you did not have to downvote me to state a contrary opinion . 
  i still do not believe it 's over 90 % . 
  also , what is this you 're talking about ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  i do n't remember that , i just remembered a dude fought to make religion optional in school . 
  and you think cpf for example gathered 3 million signatures legally ? 
  the revolution was half a revolution , half a coup d'etat . 
  the neo communists , a different type of cockroaches , knew ceausescu would talk so they wanted him and his wife out of the picture , which is why he did n't even receive a fair trial . 
  the same guy who became president after nc is now investigated for crimes against humanity in the 1990 mineriad . 
   no one had publicly questioned him they did , but they were ... punished . 
  belief in god is widely spread , but it 's not over 90 % at all . 
  this is church influenced data . 
  depends on what your definition of strong is . 
  does being corrupt , flexing your muscles at smaller countries and killing your opposition count as strong ? 
  maybe in the same way someone would be called strong if they punched you in the face for having a different opinion . 
  yes , he does leave an impression , yes , he 's not stupid , yes , he is very influential , but let 's not talk about him doing a good job for the country . 
  if he 's doing something , he 's doing it mostly for himself and his fantasies . 
   to be fair , who could do a better job than him ? 
  quite a few people actually , if they cared to turn russia into a functioning democratic state and not a bully state . 
  i do n't know about undemocratic , but you 're right . 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries , but juncker is barely ever in the news here so most of the people do n't even know who he is . 
  now i 'm not saying people should just rely on tv and not search up the facts/news themselves , but a bit more media attention on who these guys are would help because a lot of people have these faceless bureaucrats in their minds when they think of eu . 
  found the federalist . 
  it is a right if you 're a citizen of the european union . 
  well , if erdogan would n't act like a stupid maniac maybe people would not `` poke '' them . 
  you ca n't stand silent either , especially knowing what erdogan is up to . 
  juncker is a bit surprising . 
  i mean i know some dislike him , but i do n't know . . thought he 'd get a better score than , for example , orban . 
  20 years is a short time for russia to come back in glory , but the question is n't whether or not it can become a super power in the future , it 's whether or not its leaders would be willing to drop the soviet union fantasies and actually work on making the country better and thus leading it to become a superpower . 
   i fail to see how a hypothetical vote by the british public on eu expansion would fuck up our economy . 
  maybe it 's because not even experts were able to predict exactly what will happen ? 
  you , as most of europe , live in a representative democracy . 
  you elect politicians to represent you . 
  sure , you can have a referendum on the eu , anyone can , but that does n't mean the citizens who vote know better . 
  they make a decision and the country supports the consequences , good or bad . 
   also if people ca n't understand the consequences of a referendum result how can they understand the consequences of a parties manifesto ? 
  some can understand the consequences of a referendum , some ca n't . 
  seen videos on how some ca n't understand referendums and how their votes count . 
  the problem is not whether or not they understand the weight of a vote , but whether or not they have the knowledge to correctly vote on the matter , whether or not they 're properly informed . 
  nobody says they 're not able to see what a political party supports and whether or not they can identify with said political party 's ideas , but there are certain things that do require a certain degree of political or economical knowledge . 
  it is n't impossible to achieve that kind of societal self awareness through education , but many countries are not yet prepared for a direct democracy exactly because the citizens are n't capable to take certain kind of decisions due to their general lack of knowledge . 
  when switzerland voted against the basic income plan ... some other countries would have voted in favor without realizing that it could fuck up their economy pretty badly . 
  then again , not everyone is at switzerland 's level yet . 
  a lot of people do n't have the political or economical knowledge to take certain decisions . 
  sure , you can let them take the decisions anyway , but then you should n't act surprised if something goes really wrong . 
  it was the people 's will . 
  it 's also easy since finland does n't have a big population and a better public transportation system . 
  but when there 's 20 people waiting for the bus in a rather small designated place , you 'll have to suck it up .
