  now women will control the world and the men . '' . 
  it sounds like something out of a misogynistic post apocalypse movie . 
   this does n't imply wanting people out of their country . 
  they just feel that their native culture is threatened , which can be solved in many ways , one of them being kicking all non-british out ( which let 's face it , it wo n't happen ) . 
  i do n't even get how it 's threatened . 
  british culture is n't like french culture or the hungarian culture or whatever . 
  it 's mostly a mix of different cultures with a smaller percentage ( than other countries mentioned ) of real local culture that is 100 % british . 
  so , that being said : a ) what is the problem ? 
  how is it being threatened ? 
  i do n't think these people are actively forcing british people to assimilate their customs or traditions . 
  and if some do try to do that , there are ways to prevent that , but i 'm sure the % of people who try to do that is incredibly small because it 's not legal force anyone to do anything . 
  b ) how do these people , who you say are not implying to kick the immigrants out , want to solve the problem ? 
  i 'm sorry but people are allowed to have connections to their own culture while also following the british societal etiquette . 
  those are not mutually exclusive , but if seeing someone practice something that comes from their culture which does n't harm anyone makes you think your culture is in danger ... then that 's just silly . 
  which is worse : knowing your history and still not being able to grasp how you sound like a ignorant for wanting immigrants out . 
  those are immigrants and most of them come to your country , they 're productive , they live their lives in peace and quiet . 
  there is a a minority within this minority that 's bad but that happens literally everywhere . 
  at least they 're not conquerors looking for a place to fuck up . 
   do they not have the right to state their opinion just because their ancestors controlled 25 % of the planet one hundred years ago ? 
  they do have the right to express it . 
  does n't make them any less ignorant . 
  i would n't blame them . 
  if you 're from a country which the uk colonized ( affected the people , the culture , everything ) and you are now told `` sorry , we just do n't want you here anymore because muh culture '' , i guess you 'd be pretty pissed too . 
  it 's a mentality that is a bit harder to understand by people residing in former colonial countries . 
  boohoo , have your sensibilities been touched ? 
  you sound pretty paranoid to me . 
  is n't it sexist that you automatically assume that ? 
  i love statistics that include russia , but not lithuania , romania , croatia or bulgaria . 
  fair enough . 
  sorry your country still has conscription , but i ca n't do anything about that . 
  maybe if we make ourselves look serious enough , russia wo n't even try . 
  what do you say ? 
  cause statistics like these ... let me tell you . 
  they are definitely not in our ( * all * of us ) favor . 
  an educated french ? 
  yes . 
  are you a soldier ? 
  if you 're a soldier but you 're not prepared to fight for what your country said it 'll fight ... maybe you 're in the wrong job and should probably rethink your career . 
  or maybe you think it 's worth fighting for a westerner but not for a easterner . 
   for example would you define the conflict in ukraine as serious ? 
  yes , ukraine has a serious conflict . 
  it 's a different kind of seriousness from what i described ( not a very big number of casualties and takes place on a rather small part of the country ) , but it is serious as it 's been going on for 3 years , ukraine lost a part of their country and there 's still aggression going on in another part of the country . 
  people still live around there in bombed buildings by the way . 
  i do n't think we can call it anything but serious . 
  any war is serious , but some far more than others . 
  russia would not have the luxury to create a similar conflict in a nato country because anything like that would get shut down instantly . 
  they 'd have only a choice with a nato country : annex it completely in a very short amount of time and , possibly , put it under nuclear protection to make nato less likely to intervene . 
  a lot of destruction and loss of human life would ensure in this swift , but aggressive take over . 
  of course , i 'm not sure about the logistics of it , i 'm not sure about all of this , but i just know that they ca n't take anything slow in a nato country ( if we 're talking about military aggression ) because nato would react within hours and would drive them away . 
  with ukraine , there 's also a grey political context that is foreign to nato . 
  with nato countries , you get the `` okay '' in short amount of time and you intervene . 
  ukraine is different . 
   does `` defense '' include attacking and invading russia ? 
  defense includes driving off the russians from a nato land they invaded and making sure they do not step in again . 
  of course , it could also mean bombing military assets around the border that are actively trying to bomb said territory . 
  that 's how i see it but i do n't really know much about defensive military strategy so . .  i think you would see completely different answers if the questions were `` would you want your country to intervene in favor of ukraine in the ongoing ukrainian crisis ? '', 
  and `` would you want your country to intervene if russia officially declared war on ukraine with the specific aim of abolishing the ukrainian democratically elected government and incorporating all its territory and people into the russian federation ? '', 
  that 's because people are aware ukraine is not nato so they feel slightly nervous about agreeing to a military intervention that one could say it 's not `` in their jurisdiction '' . 
  they are afraid to provoke russia . 
  if russia attacks what you clearly know is a partner that you 're meant to defend , you 're more eager to say `` we can not stand for this , we have to fight '' . 
  with ukraine . . people did not know exactly how to feel or what to do . 
  i 'm not saying that 's okay or not , i 'm just trying to explain how i see it . 
  if you ask the second question , you get a different answer because it will ignite a new raging feeling in some of those who respond . 
  people now are already used to the idea that there 's a war in ukraine and do n't have the same intense feelings about it to realize that taking a chunk of a country 's land and getting away with it is not only wrong , but it creates a predisposition to such behavior ( ongoing war in other parts of ukraine and who knows , mayve even plans to try this with another non nato country ) . 
  when they 'll hear russia plans to take the whole thing , the outrage will be back . 
  putin does n't care about sanctions . 
  the propaganda machine is working so well that if they 'd be halfway like venezuela , he 'd still be able to make it about the evil eu/nato who wants to put russia through another famine . 
  there was actually an article about how they showed food go to waste on tv . 
  it 's a propaganda technique . 
  if you make the people of your country feel like they have no other choice but fight to survive , they will fight for their survival . 
  and people fighting for survival can become very cruel . 
  i 'm not saying russia will invade but this statistic makes nato look weak to russia . 
  an organization for defense made of members unwilling to defend is a weak organization that just needs a bit of propaganda over a few years to break . 
  and of course these people do n't decide what their country does since their country signed a pact , but add in a little propaganda and suddenly nato can become the new organization that politicians with hidden agendas can take a swing at to make people feel like they need to leave it . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe i 'm making no sense . 
  it 's very late here and i 'm very sleep deprived . 
  it is possible , of course , but at the same time i thought europeans would be more willing to agree to send their armies to help a neighbour country that would suffer through death and rape itself . 
  i do n't think my line of thinking is unreasonable . 
  sure , war is ugly and no one wants a war , but you ca n't just stand by and watch people be mass murdered . 
  i would want my country 's army to help a partner country if that country is attacked . 
  if we do n't help each other , then who will ? 
  but i reckon that if the question was about some western country , answers would be slightly different . 
  it is not uncommon to think of eastern europeans as disposable people as i 've witnessed today in this comment section . 
  i did n't think i could read such things until today . 
  well , i do n't know , i think that this statistic would make putin think `` hey , i could make it work . '', 
  while if western europe was willing to commit to its own fucking rules and defend us , putin would n't even think to try because russia can not seriously stand against nato . 
  there is no scenario in which russia would win against nato * if nato was committed to win * . 
  if russia does ever invade , it will do so based on the assumption that you wo n't defend . 
  such statistics make nato look like a joke in russia 's eyes . 
  what can i say ? 
  i do n't respond well when someone says it would be better if i just died if it means they would n't have to honor their obligations . 
  oh and an ounce of decency , but we 're past that at this pont . 
   can you bloody read . 
  the point is when eastern europe is sold out and russian ambitions statisfied without war your perspective is so disgusting , i am appalled . 
  he 's okay with russian occupation of eastern europe . 
  i think that 's enough to make you understand that he 's just scum , like everyone else who thinks like him . 
  history has been too kind on your country for you to really understand what russian occupation means . 
  and i thought you 'd understand , as a german , how important it is to prevent the horror of war , but yeah ... 
  the stripes on the tiger are hard to change indeed .
