  do you have such laws in your country and you disagree ? 
  protest , petition and take them to the constitutional court if you want to . 
  they 'll give the ultimate verdict . 
  i like it ... the statues , the paintings , the coat of arms in the middle . 
  the color on the walls makes it look kinda grim , kinda sad . 
  should have chosen a better color . 
  it was built by a communist . 
  i mean ... that 's what you expect from a partner country , and it is n't unreasonable , but yeah , trump would make that difficult . 
  i see your point too , do n't worry , i just think that being silent about it , even if voicing our concerns wo n't make much of a difference , makes us look like enablers of a lack of responsibility on us ' part . 
  well i 'm obviously not advocating for the eu to `` force them at gun point '' , as the saying goes , and they could n't anyway , but it hurts no one to remind them that they have very low refugee numbers and that since they 're one of the main countries involved in the war , they should help europe with this issue . 
  actually , i think the un could also make a statement in favor of this . 
  yeah ... 
  tomorrow we will have our hottest day of the year , it 'll pass 40c . 
  code red has been announced . 
  it 's only the first day of july . 
  some may enjoy it , i do n't know how , but i do n't . 
  i just want moderate weather , not this shit in the summer or -20 or even less in the winter . 
  on the contrary , they have a responsibility to help with this for the reason mentioned before and i , for one , hope eu will push for this . 
  europe should n't be the one to bear most of the burden . 
  they do have refugees and actually they were supposed to be part of the relocation program in the same position as italy and greece :  the relocation plan applies to asylum seekers `` in clear need of international protection '' ( those with a recognition rate higher than 75 % , i.e. 
  syrians , eritreans and iraqis ) -- 15,600 from italy , 50,400 from greece and 54,000 from hungary -- who will be distributed among eu states on the basis of quotas taking into account the size of economy and population of each state , as well as the average number of asylum applications . 
  since hungary voted against the relocation plan , its 54,000 asylum seekers would not be relocated for now , and could be relocated from italy and greece instead . 
  i do n't know why the numbers are changed . 
  the quote is about 2015 and the statistic is about 2016 . 
  my guess is half of them are no longer in hungary going by this statistic . 
  hate speech has been criminalized in most european countries for a long time and most people have no complains because a lot of us do n't think it 's okay to say shit like `` i want to gas all the jews '' or `` all muslims deserve to die '' as it encourages xenophobia , racism , discrimination and all that . 
  some delusional folks on reddit who mention saudi arabia and think that makes them look smart are just a bunch of edgy ridiculous people . 
   a revolution that was later on confiscated by people from the second line of the communist party my guess is this . 
   we still do n't know if there really were '' terrorists '' shooting civilians , was n't this clarified ? 
  that iliescu 's gang started the terrorist rumors and foreign students , most of them arabs , were beaten by the people in fear ? 
  that number for us is extremely low . 
  they need to step up their game and help europe since they 're one of the main players `` in the sandbox '' . 
  well now i 'm not sure either . 
  you literally just said that europe 's center point is in lithuania . 
  my country would never be recognized as central europe . 
  there 's not even a point in arguing that . 
  says the one refusing to comment on what i said earlier . 
  alright , then , mate . 
  i do n't have to repeat myself . 
  then that is only your problem . 
  maybe your reading comprehension is not very good . 
  i gave you an argument , you just did n't comment it . 
  what the un did is bullshit . 
  they classified czechia as eastern europe , which is also a goddamn huge stretch , if not completely ridiculous . 
  you can put your fingers in your years and sing `` lalala '' and it still wo n't make it true , whatever the un said . 
  lithuania is not northern europe . 
  it 's a geographical stretch at best . 
  you can not make lithuania a northern country without having to change the geographical definition of other countries as well . 
  yes because i 'm rich enough to start a company . 
  but that 's not fair . 
  i should be able to get the same product at the local store considering i pay the same price for it as most westerners . 
  i do n't want the company to decide for me whether i like an alternative version of nutella or not . 
  dude , there 's only so much trolling i can take from one comment section . 
  an irish guy buys 400g nutella from tesco and it costs him almost 3 euros . 
  a romanian , with a different salary , buys a 400g nutella and it costs him almost 3 euros . 
  https://www.tesco.ie/groceries/product/details/?id=254959415 https://www.emag.ro/supermarket/crema-tartinabila-de-alune-cu-cacao-400g-nutella-02802/pd/dvg01bbbm/?ref=similar-exp_center-1_1&amp;recid=696288_recengine_similar_products_1498803864, 
  i 'm glad that 's happening more and more , but unfortunately it 's been 10 years since we 've been here and we are still used as narrative by western media and western politicians , the same media and politicians who would never say such bad stuff about another minority or people ( people of color , etc. ) . 
  it is n't politically incorrect to pick on easterners for whatever reason . 
  we 're not only treated worse as people , we 're even treated worse as a country , politically , in the eu . 
  all this while we remain a fairly good friend of the eu in the east . 
  yeah , but at the same time , looking at it like that , you 're also fucking up actual eastern europeans who ca n't rub off their geographical position with things like `` central '' and `` baltic '' so many times , central europeans or people from the baltics perpetuate some these terrible stereotypes themselves and it is us who suffer because of that the most . 
   we 're classified as n. european now , anyway . 
  that i can not agree with . 
  if lithuania is northern europe then by that standard we should be southern europe . 
  we 're in opposite positions geographically ( and we 're actually closer to the mediterranean sea than you are to the north sea ) and if romania is eastern europe , so is lithuania . 
  or simply , a baltic country . 
  it was an example . 
  i said milka , but there 's plenty of products that do have differences and just because there 's no difference between germany and the czech republic which are neighbours , does n't mean there 's no difference between germany and , say , bulgaria . 
  because many times ( some ) westerners have proved bias against easterners or looking at us as second class eu citizens . 
  it mostly happens to people from countries like romania and bulgaria . 
  central countries are treated better . 
  it is always annoying . 
  and if they claim there 's nothing wrong with that , why do n't they make a different label for it ? 
  i should have the right to choose between `` western milka '' and `` eastern milka '' at the very least and the company does not dictate which one i will like better since they never gave me a choice . 
  legislation can fix that though . 
  i 'm confused at this point so i 'll just exit the conversation . 
  i heard of this before , but that 's now how it works . 
  they were not occupied by russians for 20 years , lol , what . 
  we , on the other hand , were occupied by russians for almost 15 years . 
  eastern europe does not only mean russia though and russia does not define `` eastern europe '' as there are plenty of countries in this category and we 're not in russia 's sphere of influence anymore . 
  i do not expect them to call themselves eastern europeans as they are geographically central europeans , but i do expect them to stop being so offended at the term as it only enforces the concept that eastern europe is inherently a bad place with bad people that no one wants to be associated with . 
  that does n't mean they do n't have the right to clarify that they are central europeans to other people who mistake their geographical position , but we can all do without the condescending attitude . 
  * looks at the national team 's state * not for long i guess . 
   a ) there 's no geographic definition that would qualify us as western europeans yet here i was always classifying germany as western europe until people kept referring to , geographically , as central europe . 
   b ) culturally/politically/developmentally , in the eyes of some , we 're never moving up on the bullshit `` backwards east-civilized west '' ladder . 
  we 're all slav ( bear with me here ) ex-commies and that 's it . 
  that is indeed a baggage we carry , whether or not someone calls themselves eastern european or central european , but it is n't our fault that history has not been kind to us . 
  hell , it was kinder to germany than to us . 
  50 years of communism ( out of which 15 of soviet occupation in romania 's case ) will remain an ugly scar to bear . 
  i believe we can succeed despite it , but for a long time it will remain a reminder of the times that were not easy and the effects those times had even after they were over . 
  czechia is obviously doing better in a lot of aspects , you managed to move forward faster , but i believe you should have a moral urge not to belittle those who suffered with you and who understand the best that some westerns do n't comprehend what it 's like . 
  anyhow , like i said . 
  i have absolutely no problem with you being central europe . 
  you are geographically central europe , there 's no doubt in that . 
  i am just tired to witness the arrogance and the distaste that comes at us real easterners from all geographical points , including the far east . 
  like i told your co-national , i have yet to see a central european be this offended at being called western european . 
  maybe , yet somehow the prevalent thinking is that being central european ( in some central europeans ' view ) is inherently better than being eastern european which has been proved by many comments . 
  i am yet to meet a central european who 'd be this offended at being called western european . 
   they ( we ) throw all that heritage away to argue our way into `` coolness '' . 
  and the worst of it all is to do it by perpetuating eastern european stereotypes and encouraging the negative views some westerners have of eastern europeans by having a negative reaction to the term and confirming some sort of correlation between `` bad '' and `` eastern europe '' .
