  you made an absolutist comment that made no sense . 
  not my fault buddy . 
  i do think he wants to form a common v4 against the eu . 
  not necessarily to take the v4 or some of its members out of the eu , but to be a powerful opponent of the eu within the eu . 
  would be nice to see all eu countries in that statistic . 
  no , they only had to worry about talking freely about communism , the state , ceausescu , the secret police to anyone , even a family member , as to not end up beaten , taken to fucked up prisons and tortured or dead . 
  it 's not like all of them knew anything else than communism . 
  dictatorship briefly before wwii , wwii , soviet occupation and communism . 
  it was just how their life was going to be and not much that could be done if they did n't want to end up beaten , imprisoned or dead . 
   because it 's true . 
  not learning romanian is n't a major disadvantage to them because they have opportunities in hungary that romanian speakers do n't . 
  well they are at a disadvantage in romania . 
  if they want to slowly emigrate to hungary and build their lives there , sure , no big loss for romania , economically speaking at least . 
   you ca n't make the assumption that they 're poor due to not speaking romanian , if they only speak hungarian , they can only find employment in that region . 
   there are multiple factors that contribute to a region being poor . 
  sure , a lack of infrastructure for example , but what good does that do if they do n't speak romanian and do n't do very well with english either ? 
  foreign or domestic tourists/investors will still be like `` why should i go/invest there when i have a lot of other better choices ? '' . 
  they could actually become a tourist attraction and gain visibility , but i 'm not sure they or the party that represents them in the parliament and is in cahoots with the big corrupt psd cares about all that . 
  scotland does n't have as much dislike for english as the sz\u00e9kelys do for romanians . 
  i can not believe that they do n't realize that in less than 2 years they could walk out without a deal . 
  i like how everyone is cracking jokes and this remains a mystery . 
  but really now , what 's the deal ? 
  i do n't necessarily think one was worse than the other , they were both great evils that have brought a lot of suffering , but i think that other countries were affected differently by each of these evils . 
  someone from , say , france , would probably see nazi germany as worse . 
  someone from finland would probably see the soviet union as worse . 
  what a pretty picture !, 
  speaking of statues , [ the ovidius statue from constanta ] ( http://romaniatourism.com/images/constanta/constanta-ovidius.jpg ) looks like a great one . 
  weirdly enough i 've never seen it close up , but i like it . 
   inb4 metrou error : 404 not found, 
  is that even a question ? 
  lovely carpathian mountains . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  honestly can someone explain to me how job hours and all that work in greece ? 
  because many times i heard about how greeks work short hours , stores are closed after an unusually early hour and stuff like that . 
  i need a greek to clarify it for me because i was very confused when i heard this and obviously thought it is not true . 
  man , do i dislike it when people think `` eu looks like soviet union '' , especially when they come from countries where the communism did n't have as bad of an effect as in others . 
  they have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  the mere comparison is an absolute joke and an insult to people who had to actually live through communism and/or the soviet occupation . 
  they can talk about how they think eu might have some processes that seem less transparent , a bit undemocratic and make a case for it , i do n't care , it can still be a legit discussion whether they 're wrong or right , but bringing the soviet union to the table is so low . 
  because alde has not much to do with the european alde . 
  i mean yeah they 're the same group , but our alde is corrupt , especially its leader tariceanu , and is in cahoots with the bigger , more corrupt party psd ( social democrats ) . 
  ideology , principles , etc. 
  do n't matter much to them . 
  i know a lot of people were surprised by what you 're surprised , but this is the reality . 
  he 's made anti eu comments because the eu is an obstacle to his corrupt activities . 
  what ? 
  anti eu campaign ? 
  source please . 
  edit : there was no anti eu campaign . 
  some members have made some comments , like tariceanu , the leader of the alde party , but not during the campaign and he was criticized for it . 
  there was nothing anti eu during their campaign iirc and if there were comments i 'm not aware of or forgot about , they were minor enough and not perpetuated throughout the campaign . 
  they 're not an openly anti eu party , they are just occasionally mad that the eu does n't let them be corrupt . 
  these are what the ec proposed : \u00b7 importing gas from the middle east and north africa ; \u00b7 intensifying work on the southern gas corridor through azerbaijan , kazakhstan , and turkmenistan ; \u00b7 importing liquefied natural gas ( lng ) from the united states and australia as well as from east africa . 
  but what / u/anarchotech said is also true : renewable energy . 
  it 's time to wake up and realize that there are other countries than bulgaria and romania who elect corrupt individuals who try to attack the justice system . 
  it 's a wake-up call . 
  maybe the cvm should extend . 
  this . 
  we should try to get as far away from russia as we can and russia taking hits to pretty much the only significant export sector they have will make them actually feel some sanctions deeper . 
  romania does not officially recognize kosovo as an independent state . 
  however , while having some similarities , the situations of crimea and kosovo remain different due to what led to them and how the process unfolded . 
   one of the priorities would be to push for schengen accession of ro and bg . 
  if only another country than us did it ... * sheds a tear * , but thanks for the sentiment internet dude . 
  i appreciate it . 
  but the guy who lied said he lied so ... 
   so now you 're going with the argument : `` i ca n't give proof , just watch the news and you 'll agree with me . '' ? 
  well , there is n't a poll . 
  what would you want me to say ? 
  we 're more likely to hear or pay attention to these things in the media because it is about us . 
   disagreeing with the free movement of people does not equal racism . 
  so disagreeing with non european immigration is xenophobic , but with ee is n't ? 
  weird . 
  we could at least decide one or the other . 
  are both one thing or the other ? 
   when i see people who are against eastern europeans coming , it 's mostly about the fact that eastern europeans work for less . 
  sorry , i even forgot which was it : begging , stealing , organized crime , stealing jobs or claiming benefits . 
  it gets a little bit fuzzy over the time . 
   i actually see surprisingly little people arguing the eastern europeans should n't come here because they 're ` more criminal ' ( do not deny such people exist though ) . 
  it was one of farage 's campaigning points and i think in northern europe was this rhetoric , alongside with begging . 
  and i 've had this personal experience right here on / r/europe where people who were not trolls saying things along the lines of : `` yes , but at least indians are smart and work good jobs , eastern europeans are more likely to live on welfare and be criminals . '', 
   amongst a couple people eh , i do n't know about that . 
   but those people are often the exact same people that have a negative sentiment about black people . 
  some do , others do n't . 
  it depends . 
  if someone who is black immigrates to a western country from another western country , they might be treated better than a eastern european because they 're automatically seen as better educated , richer , etc. 
  but yes , many times , xenophobes are racists as well . 
   a lot of people might mistake a sentence like ` eastern europeans ruin this country ' as being about economics , like the wage thing . 
  because sure , people are not disputing the color of my skin ( although you can find people commenting if you 're tan , black eyes , black hair , but that 's a whole other thing that affects southern europe as well ) , they are disputing whether or not should they consider me an equal in work , school and housing opportunities . 
  they dispute my right to be there despite coming legally . 
  they dispute who i am based on my ethnicity : am i educated ? 
  did i come to steal their job ? 
  am i going to claim benefits ? 
  am i poor ? 
  am i a criminal ? 
  mister farage has made claims about false statistics that say romanians and bulgarians commit more crimes than they actually do . 
  maybe you can say , `` pfft , it 's farage , who cares ? 
  '' , but it is n't only just hateful , the fact that he repeated it means that people will keep that in mind and thus they too might develop a fear of living next to romanians . 
  well i guess you took that as `` all of us are '' so you felt attacked yourself and omitted the problem . 
  no one does these kind of polls , you can only see it by following news stories about what politicians say and about incidents which even if you think so are not `` comedy '' . 
  if anyone bothered to make statistics , they 's show you that eastern europeans are viewed as worse than non european immigrants .
