  in uk 's case , it was sovereignty . 
  alde 's leader used that here too , but it wo n't work too much . 
  if he continues this rhetoric , he might use messages such as `` the eu does n't let us give you more money to salaries and pensions because of the deficit limit . '', 
  and similar things . 
  they will try to demonize the eu in the people 's eyes . 
  for some it 'll work , for the majority , i believe and i hope it wo n't . 
  but i also hope this is just a phase and he 's not actually starting a campaign . 
  in fact , alde leader has already attacked , a month ago or so , the deficit limit imposed by the eu . 
  they 're not like the european alde at all . 
  they 're just a bunch of disgraceful , corrupt politicians . 
  he praised brexit and said we should probably follow suit . 
  `` they took back control . '', 
  he 's mainly doing this because he thinks that if we get away from the eu , they 'll get a free pass at stealing , etc. 
  our politics are an absolute mess right now . 
  some really good politicians should take these parties , clean them up thoroughly and turn them into actual parties , not mobs , as they are now . 
  psd = sdp ( social democrats ) this speech was very powerful and it made a lot of us , who fight against corruption , happy . 
  minutes after the leaders of alde and sdp said we should communicate and solve the problem , the members of their party walked out of the room during the president 's speech . 
  iohannis said , `` have you already grown tired ? 
  bad luck ! '' . 
  this proves they have no respect for us . 
  apparently the two leaders did n't know that was going to happen . 
  worth mentioning : the danger of decriminalizing certain corruption crimes has not passed yet . 
  which is why we 're still protesting , every day . 
  the leader of alde makes comments about getting romania out of the eu . 
  he 's an absolute nutjob . 
  and apparently , none of the ministers are allowed to meet with foreign officials without the approval of the minister of foreign affairs . 
  this is nuts . 
  video : [ 14:10 is when spd/alde walks out ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/actualitate/politica/klaus-iohannis-vine-in-fata-parlamentului-664815 ) speech :  the president also noticed that the government 's members were not in the room ( the parliament 's presidents decided not to call them ) . 
  `` no problem , i have already visited them , '' iohannis said smiling . 
   `` but these are not ordinary times . 
  we are in full crisis , hundreds of thousands of romanians protest in the streets . 
  the nation is alive , is alert , and is very discontent , '' iohannis said , citing a poll that shows that 80 % of the romanians think the country is going in a wrong direction . 
  `` how did we get here only a month after the elections ? ''  `` on december 11 , psd won a great victory ( applause from the majority mps ) , but after that ( applause from the opposition side ) , with a strange kamikaze strategy , they went into full collision with a significant part of the romanian society . 
  they promised something in the campaign and in the first days they started doing something else , '' the president said , then addressing the majority mps directly : `` the romanian people 's prosperity was not your first concern . 
  your first concern was to solve the records of the corrupt politicians . 
  and romanians are outraged . ''  `` what 's the solution to get out of this deadlock ? 
  the repealing of ordinance 13 and the potential delayed resignation of a minister is certainly too little . 
  early elections , however , is too much at this stage . 
  this is the room for maneuver . 
  who should come with the solution ? 
  naturally , those who created the problem , psd . '' the president 's speech is interrupted by an uproar from the majority mps who leave the room . 
  `` have you already grown tired ? 
  bad luck , '' the president taunted them and went further with his speech . 
   `` the president of the two chambers are trying to accredit the idea that i do n't like the vote result in the elections and that i 'm trying to do something to change this result , that i want to overturn the legitimate government . 
  ( ` you broke romania in two ' -- shouts someone in the room ) this is false !, 
  you won , now rule and make laws !, 
  but not in any way . 
  romania needs a strong government , not one that shyly executes orders received from the party . 
  romania needs a government that rules transparently , predictably , at the light of day , not stealthily at night , '' iohannis said . 
   `` make laws for romania , not for a group of politicians with legal problems . 
  rule , those of you who won the elections , but rule responsibly . 
  society has great expectations . 
  the people who voted for you believed your promises . 
  do what you promised ! '' the president added . 
  `` we have 32 species of bats . 
  romania ? 
  28 . who 's the vampire state now ? 
  forget romanians !, 
  they 're always protesting ! '', 
  great video guys !, 
  yes . 
  the party first appeared in 2015 under the name `` save bucharest union '' when they entered the local elections . 
  then they transformed the party into save romania union and took part in the parliamentary elections where they were the 3rd most voted party . 
  i 'd say that 's a success for a party this young . 
  i hope they 'll continue to evolve and get better results . 
  personally , i did n't like usr very much at first because they did n't have and still do n't have a clear ideology or the best governing plan , and there are liberal concepts for which i care about and i wanted someone who 'd support those concepts , but i did/do realize that a lack of a clear ideology and a governing plan is better than being corrupt af , like the sdp . 
  i do n't endorse any party in romania too much , but they 're one of the better parties , with no corruption problems for now . 
  transparency , education reform , support for small local farmers , modern infrastructure , environment protection and fighting deforestation , good relation with eu and nato . 
  i think i read they were anti ttip somewhere , but i forgot where . 
  they do n't have a clear ideology ( they are centrist ) because they have both left and right people in the party . 
  they do n't agree on all issues , such as lgbt marriage ( random example ) , which is one of the reasons they might split up in two parties later . 
  other rodditors , chip in . 
  oh man , that 's cool !, 
  great idea !, 
  yes , they did that , those nice , nice people . 
   ( and there still are decent people in psd ) . 
  i wonder if this is debatable ... sure , sdp has not done something like this before , but they sure did a lot of shit . 
  why did these members ( the ones resigning or denouncing the measures ) not quit before to make another left party ? 
  why did they wait so long in that rotten party ? 
  i know , i should give people the benefit of the doubt , but people are also quick to forget the things this party has done in its past , even if they are n't as huge as this recent event . 
  i 'm not denying that there are some decent people , but maybe most of them already left . 
  maybe it 's dragnea installing a authoritarian mood in the party , i do n't know , but i do hope that you 're right , that there are enough decent people still left in that crazy party because if there are n't and we have to live with a sdp government for 4 years , i 'll be disgusted . 
  also , i 'm going to be salty and say ... why do romanians on reddit says pnl is 99 % corrupt while saying `` oh , there 's still decent people in psd '' ( cause you 're not the only one ) . 
  criticizing pnl for their bullshit members and bullshit actions is absolutely okay . 
  what is not okay is comparing pnl to psd or saying they 're 99 % corrupt . 
  i was afraid of this . 
  in 2016 , when everyone was going nuts , we had a very stable country and a government ran by technocrat , one that the eu was very thankful for . 
  now we have some , albeit serious , problems with our idiot government , which we 're trying our best to fight and fix , and suddenly we 're no longer a good guy and the eu is dying because of that . 
  now i understand his worry , but he should stand with the people protesting if he wants us to go back on our path again , rather than take a nihilistic stand on the situation . 
  we can come back from this . 
  i can not speak for poland and hungary as i do n't know any recent details on what 's going on there . 
  my personal opinion is that a snap election that ends up with a liberal/usr majority is the best . 
  some of my fellow romanians just want a more decent sdp government . 
  i do not judge them , it is their opinion and i do admit i see the point in that , but unlike them , i do n't see anyone overtaking liviu dragea , sdp leader , soon so i can not trust any new sdp government . 
  if a new sdp government would be formed from the members who denounced these actions and dragnea could have no influence upon it ... maybe . 
  until then , i need to be convinced that this is a better choice than snap elections . 
  it 's not that i do n't respect the vote that got them in power , although it is highly unrepresentative of romania as a country , since only 40 % people voted , but if sdp is convinced they still have their fans with them , why would they be scared of snap elections . 
  by that logic , they 'd still win . 
   we do suck as people you do not . 
  bulgarian people took from their time to protest for us .
