  when romania sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  yeah ... they do n't like us much . 
  yeah , but are you not allowed in the church if you 're not dressed accordingly ? 
  and i do n't mean naked , just so we sort out the exaggerations . 
  i do n't go to church much , but i was never one to `` dress accordingly '' and sure some people stared , but no one kicked me out of a church . 
  well , she was , in a way . 
  i mean if i want to see this dude , hypothetically , i can only do it by covering my head . 
  there 's no way around it apparently . 
  thank fuck !, 
  he needs to stay away !, 
  okay so basically we 're done with the controversial emergency ordinance no . 
  but this does not mean we 're done fighting . 
  as long as the `` social democratic '' party is holding the power , the people need to be weary . 
  danger has not passed . 
  four years will feel like 100 . 
  by the way , people are still in the streets . 
  some of them are now waving nato flags and i have n't talked to them , but i think it 's mainly because our government is acting shady . 
  not that this is news . 
  alde leader keeps making anti european comments ( `` other countries do n't want to see us succeed '' is the most recent one and he also tried to bully the finnish minister of foreign affairs ) and the romanian minister for foreign affairs made some comments about signing some documents with the russian embassy , but now it seems that he was just `` misunderstood '' , that there will only be some talks . 
  alde leader also said something along the lines of `` we do n't have a good relationship with russia because we 're trying to act holier than thou . '', 
  which is baffling . 
  we 're sleeping with one eye open . 
  the budget plan sucks and there is still a law project in the parliament that needs to be watched , but we 're done with the emergency ordinances . 
   united states of europe what blasphemy of a name is that ? 
  i already said i 'm not taking lp 's side . 
  i would not ask a muslim woman to take down her hijab and i will not wear a headscarf either . 
  honestly people blame world domination on soros , but it 's the cute adorable cats who really rule the world . 
  well she obviously did it for the pr , that 's already established . 
  it will work . 
  no way . 
  if i do n't go pulling someone 's hijab off because * how dare they wear it in my country ? 
  * because i 'm not an asshole , i expect people to respect my right not to cover my head with a veil . 
  my reply to another user :  so why is he demanding this ? 
  le pen or whoever non muslim person has no obligation to cover their head just because this person wants to . 
   see i 'm not arguing in favor of le pen , fuck lp tbh , she 's a russian puppet populist , but the point stands . 
  why would the scarf be mandatory ? 
  so why is he demanding this ? 
  le pen or whoever non muslim person has no obligation to cover their head just because this person wants to . 
  see i 'm not arguing in favor of le pen , fuck lp tbh , she 's a russian puppet populist , but the point stands . 
  why would the scarf be mandatory ? 
  as much as i dislike le pen , whether it 's a pr stunt or not , i do n't like the concept of being forced to wear a veil if you want to speak with an official from a muslim country . 
  that 's just not right . 
  the situation in belarus is definitely interesting , but i 'm not exactly sure it is as good as it sounds . 
  i 'm not convinced these politicians are all honey and milk . 
  neo communists are usually nasty politicians . 
  the position of these flags ... 
  a lot better . 
  it is n't just war or the genocide that happened during it , it 's the communist dictatorships too . 
  we would have been better off without any of that and many people would have lived better lives or , you know , lived . 
  i still do n't see our place as fair . 
  refusing to take part in the voting process is for now a democratic right . 
  we 're not belgium where it is mandatory . 
  i love how french people drop a picture or [ a question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5us5e2/france_is_torn_apart_help_us_to_find_peace_how_do/ ) every once in a while here in / r/europe and they let us guess what 's the problem so they can weed out the enemies and have ground to stab us . 
  can i ask how in 2016 we were so far below poland , hungary and bulgaria , especially considering their problems as well , when 2016 was one of our most stable , transparent year ? 
  is it because our temporary technocrat government was n't considered democratic ? 
  eu seemed to love it . 
  i see the source . 
  going to remain skeptical about this . 
  the eu is only doing what 's fair : - said uk ca n't stay in the sm without respecting the sm rules - u/marxisttrapezeartist :  the eu pays pensions for ( currently ) retired eu civil servants , among which are people who hold british citizenship . 
  the eu does not intend on paying pensions for british citizens once exit is finalized . 
   the eu budget is also agreed on for a period of 7 years ( last done in 2013 ) , so the eu 's position is that britain is liable for the spending agreed upon for the period 2013-2020 . 
  this is n't a nasty breakup , it 's what 's fair . 
  read my other replies . 
  i did n't say azlan is , i just said that blocking things is already a common practice for the uk . 
  bravo germany !, 
  ayy , this comment made me smile so much . 
  shhh bulgaria !, 
  you do n't want to wake up the roman empire !, 
  nah , it 's because the austro-hungarian empire is pretty known for being very oppressive towards romanians . 
  we have no love for that . 
   what do they want now ? 
  here , in romania , protesting is a part time job . 
  i would put an / s , but it kind of is true . 
  read / u/thelorenzzo 's reply , he replied with some info to another user . 
  [ there was a protest in paris inspired by the romanian one against corruption . 
  ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/anticorruption-demonstration-inspired-protests-romania-organized-paris-sunday/ ), 
  actually , it 's been more than 20 days , but yeah . 
  proud of them !, 
  what does equal standing mean to you ? 
  they both have responsibilities and obligations and they both benefit from the eu . 
  they have veto power too . 
  what makes them not equal to germany ? 
  people like you and the russian trolls are hilarious . 
  the things you say ... jeez . 
   that is not the thing i was going to talk about do elaborate . 
   reich lmao  le pen winning my , my we have a fortuneteller among us . 
   european people will get back their freedom but who are you to define what is `` freedom '' for everybody else ? 
  because europoor countries are not supposed to be smart . 
   yes but , there is a bit of statistical corruption regarding a few countries . 
  romania had been in every imo so far , and has won a lot of medals in the first ones . 
  so what are you implying ? 
  but blocking things is already common practice . 
  which is why you will not be a member of it anymore . 
  now that we stated the obvious , maybe we can move on . 
  the map is western propaganda !, 
  ! 1 no , really , that 's nice . 
  according to the link romania has :  gold medals : 75 . 
  honourable mentions : 3 . 
  i guess that 's nice . 
  lol,
