   but nothing that proves that western europeans in general are racist towards eastern europeans really dude ? 
  really ? 
  i mean , okay , you may not have noticed it prior to 2007 as we were not in the eu , but after that , with the campaigns and the statements and the attitudes ? 
  how can you stand there and tell me that there is not an anti eastern european sentiment ? 
  do you think those are isolated incidents that have nothing to do with our ethnic background and how we 're associated with thieves and beggars and all sorts of things ? 
   you claimed the following : compared to racism against ` non-europeans ' , there are much less people in western europe that fight racism against eastern europeans . 
  yes . 
  please show me non eastern european owned agencies that fight xenophobia against eastern europeans . 
  ones like `` alliance against romanians and bulgarians discrimination '' do n't count because they 're made by eastern europeans for eastern europeans . 
  show me who fights against this specific xenophobia other than those who have to suffer from it ? 
  of course there 's laws against being a xenophobic or racist twat , you 're not special , everyone has them , but you 're more likely to be reported or fought on a statement like `` i think black people are ruining france '' rather than `` i think eastern europeans are ruining france '' or whatever western country . 
  would you like me to take a week of my life to search and paste you every link ever ? 
  there are wikipedia pages about anti eastern european sentiment in the west , you can look them up and find more incidents . 
  why do you get so fired up ? 
  some , not all , western europeans , whether they 're just citizens or politicians , are xenophobic scumbags and the public almost never fights them on this incidents . 
  i think if you were to walk on the street of western european cities and say `` eastern europeans are shitty . '', 
  or something along the lines , not many people would have objections . 
   i do n't know what you 're talking about when you make these statements . 
  do you think western europeans say these things about eastern europeans ? 
  those things have been said/done already . 
  linked them into another comment . 
  there 's wiki page about anti romanian/polish sentiment so you can check that too if you want . 
   what is your point here ? 
  are you saying it 's acceptable for eastern europeans to be racist against muslims and other immigrants because western europeans are ( according to you ) racist towards them ? 
  no , i 'm just saying that you are also blind to western xenophobia towards us because we 're not considered a valued minority like others so xenophobic comments about us or xenophobic deeds done towards us matter less or not at all to a lot of people there . 
  edit : thanks for downvoting me . 
  i guess i can admit that some eastern europeans are xenophobic and racist . 
  you ca n't admit that some western europeans are xenophobic or racist . 
  you want a source ? 
  alright buddy . 
  you sound like you live under a rock . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-36633388 http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/07/23/student-turned-away-holiday-inn-express-romanian-prostitute_n_7854428.html http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-27459923 http://www.nineoclock.ro/romanians-again-the-butt-of-jokes-in-france/ and more . 
  the problem is that there rarely is outrage because of comments about us . 
  it 's the whole `` many think it , just some say it '' kind of thing . 
  it is very obvious that you 're answering this with a western perspective . 
  what you state is a simplification of the situation and you 're intentionally omitting the prevalent anti eastern european sentiment in the west that comes from both politician and simple citizens . 
  this attitude has been there even before ee was in eu and it exists to this very day . 
  when , for example , western politicians say they would n't want to live next to a person like me , well , then , i 'm not sure how alright is that . 
  when people are denied stay in hotels , that 's not very welcoming . 
  when people are called vermin , that 's also not very okay . 
  to be honest , half of the things said about eastern europeans in a part of western media or by some western politicians or simple citizens would outrage half of the world if it was said about a racial or religious minority , but when it 's us ... no one bats an eye . 
  of course , this kind of xenophobia is normalized in the west . 
  the whole pc thing does n't include us . 
  for reference , i 'm not anti immigration or alt right or whatever , but this is a hypocrisy that i hope the west can face one day . 
  i 'm not trying to justify it , but some eastern europeans feel like you 've shunned them for years for coming to western countries and were quite xenophobic towards them , but you have no problem with non european immigrants who are not perfect either . 
  i 'm pretty sure many share my concerns . 
   yes , we would like an another country like v4 . 
  i imagine that you do . 
  that would anger quite a few people and would make the eu seem willing to bend the rules for any other country . 
  he 's sad he had to sit alone . 
  actually , putin threatened both romania and poland like that before . 
  more so , rogozin , deputy pm at the time , after not being allowed to fly through romanian airspace said he will come back with a strategic bomber . 
  russian threats of war happen quite often around here . 
  yeah , and i 'm a citizen of a european country so i think it matters what i think too . 
  damn those old habits , they die hard , do n't they ? 
   and also , i stated an ocassion where serbia acted more like the eu than some eu members , you glossed over that . 
  yeah , good for them . 
  it is n't about the eu in the end , it 's about international rules like the geneva convention and such . 
  so good for serbia if they handled it well . 
  please stop comparing how countries did during communism considering that some countries had much tougher dictatorships than others . 
   irrelevant , what is relevant is that you 're saying that the eu is n't just about the money , while true , its a political and economic union , the ` eu values ' you stated are n't even shared by its own members , do you think the rest of us want another country to behave like v4 and that jeopardizes our own advancement ? 
  if anything you should try selling the whole `` of course we support the majority and not the minority that has certain problems with how eu works '' . 
  all eu countries are in nato with few exceptions . 
  and some non nato eu and non eu members cooperate with nato a lot . 
  yes because wanting to join does n't mean you just get to join . 
  you got ta convince everyone that you 're not going to be a country that causes problems for them . 
   oh im sure everyone shares the ` eu values ' , especially the v4 group and some newer countries , grow up . 
  yes , some have problems , more recently with respecting eu decisions taken with majority of votes , which actually enforces my point , but only one v4 country 's politicians make nice eyes at russia occasionally . 
  romania has almost never created political problems for the eu . 
  you 're mistaking poor economies created by communism ( romania , bulgaria , etc. ), 
  to countries that can create political issues because of russia . 
  and there are already some politicians in the eu that are a bit too friendly to the big guy in the far east . 
  if it was only about serbia being poor , nobody would have that big of a problem because they 'd know they 'd grow out of it , but this is about something else . 
   enters a union with russia / china because there is no alternative ? 
  i would n't do anything . 
  it means they did n't have our principles in the first place . 
  you do n't just join the eu for the economic relations . 
  no one in the eu depends on serbia . 
  if serbia retaliates towards the eu because the eu says , for example , that serbia 's not ready yet or some members veto their entry , and they run quickly in russia 's arms even deeper then they were n't meant to join in the first place . 
  it 's basic logic . 
  and who cares ? 
  it 's not like anyone in the eu depends on serbia 's entry . 
  they should join only when they want to , we should n't let them join just to `` not make them more russian friendly than they are '' . 
  this is so lol . 
   once he changed his behavior , that 's when he got into power , so obviously the serbian people like him better now . 
  this sounds so funny . 
  he called for the murder of 100 people , but look , now he 's changed , he 's no longer a psychopath all of a sudden . 
  well , yeah , okay , but if you keep piling , it will get fucked eventually . 
  and so is bulgaria , with its many refugees . 
   it is plainly obvious that people in crimea want russia , so i do n't think you need to be a bad person to support them in that . 
  well , we do n't know that since only russians were able to observe the referendum . 
  not to mention that the referendum was illegal by ukrainian constitution and both of the choices on the referendum were for complete separation from ukraine . 
  but i 'm not here to argue with pro kremlin people , i 'm here to argue that the eu is in a delicate place and that there 's a feeling of worry of serbian politicians and citizens being influence by the kremlin and making a good trojan horse in the eu . 
  there 's already problems with certain eu politicians being a bit too friendly to russia and we certainly do n't need more of that . 
  if serbia wants to join the eu , it needs to do so with a big % of serbians and some sort of promise that its loyalty lies with the eu . 
  remember , countries can not really be kicked out of the eu , it 's a complicated process of sanctions and all sorts of things , so this is n't a light decision . 
   pro russian parties and that 's not good . 
  there is no way you can be pro russia without being pro annexation of the ukrainian territory so these are bad people already in cahoots with kremlin 's thugs . 
  who 's to say they wo n't slowly gain power and become more than what they are now with an anti eu agenda ? 
  what % of the serbian people support the eu ?
