  - only 4 countries were against it and one accepted the quota despite initially voting against . 
  sorry bud , taking 2,4 k refugees to help overwhelmed italy and greece does n't qualify as `` tyranny of the majority '' . 
  but hey , no worries , if you do n't want to take any , just accept the sanctions . 
  and before you ask , i would n't have any problem with romania being sanctioned if they did n't participate . 
  we 've been sanctioned before for other things , we 'd live . 
  - you have n't been paying attention , have you ? 
   the relocation plan applies to asylum seekers `` in clear need of international protection '' ( those with a recognition rate higher than 75 % , i.e. 
  syrians , eritreans and iraqis ) and  only documented asylum seekers with a high chance of having their applications successfully processed are relocated from greece and italy . 
  and then we accepted the quota . 
  your point ? 
  refugees are n't illegal immigrants . 
  they are refugees and geneva signatories have a responsibility towards them , as it is underlined in the lisbon treaty . 
  man , what fucked up drugs are you on ? 
  this is some twisted shit . 
  then they will be send back because they are not german registered . 
  sure , just accept the consequences then . 
  how many isis terrorist attacks did greece have since the refugee crisis ? 
  because it was agreed upon ? 
  lol . 
  i think that it 's bullshit that the czech republic took part in a democratic vote , refuses to accept the result and acts like a petulant child when it is told they will face sanctions . 
  that 's what 's bullshit , mate . 
  do n't bother . 
  there 's always a rage boner in these threads and they will downvote you no matter what you say . 
  countries like czechia will not pull out of the eu because they would crush and burn . 
  if there were doubts about uk , there are n't any about czechia . 
  if czech people ca n't handle a democratic vote then idk man , the problem ai n't with the eu . 
  but you will handle it , be it by taking in the refugees or by being sanctioned . 
  however , since you mentioned it , i 'd really like to see how the czech parties would sell an exit to the public considering how much of a disaster that would be for you . 
  yeah , okay , but we did change our mind , did n't we ? 
  we could have been like the others who outright refused just as they did when they voted . 
   `` i still believe the mandatory quotas are not a solution to europe 's migrant crisis . 
  but the number of refugees romania must receive is not large . 
  it is manageable and i think romania must show solidarity , '' iohannis said ahead of an eu meeting in brussels to coordinate responses . 
  well , i mean , there are authorities that have to manage the program and if poland would have agreed to their quota , they 'd have as many refugees as those authorities would have managed to resettle until now . 
  i ca n't give you a number . 
  though luck for him then . 
   imo in legal deals like this , there is no space for motivations or nonobjective factors . 
  so how many refugees does poland have to take for it to be `` ok '' and who gets to decide that ... 1 ? 
  the number of refugees are calculated for the size and economy of the country . 
  i think you were supposed to get around 6k . 
  no , not really , unless there 's proof that they were systematically avoiding the accommodation of these refugees in the agreed time frame which i do n't think it 's the case here rather than a miscalculation of how long it 'll take to do this thing . 
  the rest have agreed not to do it at all so that is not up for discussion anymore . 
  maybe , but they 're willing to do it . 
  maybe it takes more time than it was agreed upon , but at least countries are working towards making it happen rather than flat out refusing to share the burden . 
  yes , i do . 
  eu is n't all about fun and games , they have obligations too , especially when issues have been voted on democratically . 
  i would n't be mad if romania was sanctioned over this if we refused . 
  european unity is n't just about the good things , it 's also about sharing burdens . 
  of course many are seeking countries which might offer more benefits , but as long as a court says x country , although not as wealthy as y country , can decently hold these many refugees , with almost everything paid from the eu budget , then they can be held in that country even if they do n't like it . 
  as you can see , our own refugees , over 1k , are doing nothing controversial . 
  sure , some might complain , but that does n't matter as long as they 're safe , not abused and can live decently . 
  new parties than maybe . 
  with some more progressive youth in it . 
   on 22 september 2015 , european union interior ministers meeting in the justice and home affairs council approved a plan to relocate 120,000 asylum seekers over two years from the frontline states italy , greece and hungary to all other eu countries ( except denmark , ireland and the united kingdom which have opt-outs ) . 
  the relocation plan applies to asylum seekers `` in clear need of international protection '' ( those with a recognition rate higher than 75 % , i.e. 
  syrians , eritreans and iraqis ) -- 15,600 from italy , 50,400 from greece and 54,000 from hungary -- who will be distributed among eu states on the basis of quotas taking into account the size of economy and population of each state , as well as the average number of asylum applications . 
  the decision was taken by majority vote , with the czech republic , hungary , romania and slovakia voting against and finland abstaining . 
  with the minor correction that after voting against the quotas , romania changed its mind and accepted its quota . 
  another note would be that although denmark has an opt out , they did take in refugees . 
  you can make agreements with neighbour countries , like the one we have with serbia , that if a refugee that is registered in romania runs to said country , said countries ' authorities will send them back . 
  i think no authority will argue that it is against human rights to stop refugees from all going to one place simply because that place wo n't be able to manage them all . 
  from my point of view , if a refugee is placed in a safe country where he is n't discriminated and he 's offered all the rights refugees normally have , he has no right to protest that . 
  they are refugees not tourists . 
  they do not get to choose , do you understand that ? 
  romania is a safe country and they will be placed here ** because otherwise other countries will be overwhelmed ** with too many refugees . 
  they are not on vacation , they will be placed where eu says they 'll be placed , with some exceptions where families can be reunited . 
  and the authorities in every country will follow the laws and agreements they make as a country . 
  it is not rocket science . 
  no matter what i say i 'll be downvoted because there 's a rage boner going on around here so i wo n't even try . 
  my country , your country , all countries except 3 accept the refugees quota . 
  i do n't want these 3 to get away with not accepting it , especially since two of them are actively creating tensions within the eu . 
  they either accept it or face consequences . 
  they do n't get to cherry pick this . 
  exactly . 
  it 's 2,6 k people , not a big number at all . 
  you wo n't even know they 're there most probably . 
  all of them except 3 agreed to this . 
  well , they 're refugees for one . 
  they wo n't just be left to wonder . 
  they will be identified and accommodated in certain places where state workers and ngos will help with their integration process . 
  if some of them run , those who work and volunteer there can report it to the police . 
  then the border patrols can keep an eye out . 
  if they do manage to escape the country , they will be sent back , the same type of agreement romania and serbia has . 
  refugees in serbia try to run to romania , romania sends them back . 
  it can be done . 
  yep . 
  abuse them . 
  that 'll show the refugees , the unhrc , the eu , juncker and all your imagined enemies . 
  just three . 
  romania changed its mind . 
  this is what was agreed upon tho ... to build new projects without all the members being forced to sign up for them . 
  it was the whole thing about the eu `` finally doing something '' . 
  eu could have forced them all to do sign up , to erase the multispeed , but that would have spiked the euroskepticism even more . 
  i do n't know what 's the best way because one side will always be angry . 
  well , i guess there 's more factors there ... sweden has its euroskeptic side and they probably think that if there 's any corruption case like that , their authorities can handle it . 
   hungary is not in the eppo there are two types of countries which are n't in the eppo : - the ones who do n't need it like sweden iirc . 
  - the corrupt ones who do n't want to get in trouble . 
   hungarian prime minister viktor orban railed against the european union , going as far as accusing it of siding with `` terrorists , '' but said he wo n't lead the country out of the bloc . 
  what a clown . 
  bark , bark , mr. orban .
