  i 'm not even going to talk about the horror of riding a bus in bucharest . 
  sometimes they 're so full you ca n't even move . 
  no problem , although if you 're from europe , you should know the flags . 
  thanks for the info though . 
   romanian flag is wrong . 
  yeah . 
  i kept looking for our flag and then i saw it horizontal and ?? 
  that 's alright then . 
  i just thought nothing was going to happen and the upvotes made me angry because people are like `` we 're better than this '' and then they do this . 
  and that 's not an insult like `` idiots '' or something , it 's pretty offensive . 
  thank you !, 
  you get upvotes because people are incredibly hypocritical . 
  -- what the hell , / r/europe mods ? 
  am i allowed to call any other nationality something like that and get away with it ? 
  or will my comment be removed for `` racism or xenophobia '' ? 
  what is this , youtube ? 
  edit : if i seriously call a german a nazi ( not that i would unless he 's a nazi ) , i get voted down into oblivion and my comment may be deleted . 
  yet people have no problem with the hypocrisy of calling turkish people `` goatfuckers '' or saying that southern europeans are not europeans to prove a point that you 're not a nazi . 
  i think it 's funny that he/she wants to make a point of people calling germans nazis and then goes ahead and uses the idea that turks are n't european ( i do n't know what they are and i do n't really care ) as an insult . 
  why did you put european in air quotes ? 
  are southern europeans not europeans because some of them say dumb things ? 
  i heard about him and bombing europe , but never read the whole quote :  europe is a big place . 
  i 'm not going to take cards off the table . 
  we have nuclear capability . 
  now , our capability is going down rapidly because of what we 're doing . 
  it 's in bad shape . 
  the equipment is not properly maintained . 
  there are all lot of talk about that . 
  and that 's a bad thing not a good thing . 
  the last person to use nuclear would be donald trump . 
  that 's the way i feel . 
  i think it is a horrible thing . 
  the thought of it is horrible . 
  but i do n't want to take anything off the table . 
  we have to negotiate . 
  there will be times maybe when we 're going to be in a very deep , very difficult , very horrible negotiation . 
  the last person -- i 'm not going to take it off the table . 
  and i said it yesterday . 
  and i stay with it . 
  literally , what the fuck ? 
  it 's like he 's preparing people for the worst : `` listen folks , your boy donny is the last person who 'd use nukes because nukes are a horrible , horrible thing , but listen , sometimes these pesky europeans wo n't play by my rules so , i mean , you have to teach 'em some respect , y know ? 
  the old fashioned way . 
  and anyway , europe is yuuuge so it wo n't even matter if we drop a bomb or two on them . '', 
  sweden , is the school system failing you ? 
  remember when she had to explain to him what the geneva convention is ? 
  6 is indeed basescu , 7 on 2nd row is juncker . 
  oops . 
  i 'm dumb . 
  somehow i forgot that they 're not turkey 's . 
  the european union does not have a common policy in dealing with these type of situations so it 's not that simple . 
  maybe something should be done , but turkey is a member of nato ~ ~ a nuclear power ~ ~ and has the key to the gate of the refugees that had europeans busy fighting each other . 
  many european and nato leaders may be afraid of pushing turkey into russia 's arms which would destabilize nato . 
  the problem will not solve itself , that much is clear . 
  i guess we could wait and see how the referendum goes and then , in case of a negative answer , maybe eu can help promote eu values in turkey so that mild politicians get elected instead of dictators . 
  so sweden who is purposely not meeting criteria for the euro is on the `` yay integration train '' and the others are `` swing '' countries ? 
  what ? 
  ah , yeah , that makes sense for france which has very diverse immigrants , but what about germany and sweden ? 
  is it turkish immigrants for germany ? 
  so wait ... france , germany and sweden are less european than others or am i blind ? 
  happy saint patrick 's day !, 
  russia : what 's eastern europe ? 
  it 's all russian clay . 
  it 's a joke . 
  if erdogan would have called us nazis , i 'd tell him that there 's no need . 
  our politicians already called us that . 
  then i can only hope that this will happen less and less over time . 
  i agree , especially about specialists and incompetence . 
  what i meant by hard to steal was that if you do , it 's more likely you 'll get caught than not . 
  and it wo n't be like when you get caught for stealing romanian public money and the money is a lot of the times not recovered , you 'll pay it back for sure . 
  but afaik the eu tries to be careful with checking where the money goes and how it 's used . 
  this is what a lot of romanians think too , that we 'd become even worse than greece if we adopted the euro now . 
  i will not comment because i do n't know enough about economics to hold that conversation . 
  i can explain romania . 
  eu funds are hard to steal = psd has not much interest in it . 
  ( psd = `` social democrats '' ) they also do n't care about doing anything good for the country and for funding you need projects and plans . 
  they do n't just hand it to you . 
  the eu wants to know what you 'll do with the money and it wants results too . 
  so psd is like * fuck that !, 
  * i remember when the eu was like `` pls take our money , you 'll lose it ! '', 
  and our politicians were like `` meh '' . 
  but when they try , this is not an uncommon result :  after only managing to get , or ` absorb ' a tiny fraction of the eu funding on offer - 9.7 percent rate in september , romania will now have to pay back some eur 175 million due to misuse and irregularities . 
  according to pm victor ponta , romania can expect the european commission ( ec ) to demand the penalty following an audit of eu funds ' use . 
  the eur 175 million penalty will be on the posdru human resources development program and is more than half the eur 286 million the scheme has received between 2007 and 2012 in eu structural funds . 
  the ec has already suspended payments under the posdru program . 
   the exact values of any corrections necessary for romania to pay will also be announced , but local sources estimate somewhere between 10 and 25 percent of the funding received for transport , economic competitiveness , environment and regional development programs will have to be returned . 
  payments have been suspended and restarted for the programs receiving eu structural funds a number of times , including earlier this year . 
  i 'm sorry , but you do n't have to be a romanian nationalist to be upset at the anti romanian propaganda . 
  wiki says that what you have there is :  the peninsula 's most extensive definition [ this is more accurate . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#/media/file:balkan_topo_en.jpg ), 
  it 's always cancer . 
  do n't question it . 
  yeah , but it happens often even in maps that are not ironic . 
  what 's with people and defining romania as balkan ? 
  a very small part of romania ( 5 % ) is balkan . 
  as a side note , italy made me laugh because it 's true . 
  it makes money . 
  clicks make money . 
  yes , there are other ways to sell journalism online , but who ca n't do that will make use of titles and seo techniques that will get them clicks . 
  no , but it 's something you usually see in the us . 
  how did he even get a gun ?
