  as opposed to the first documents of other languages , which are in general more ancient , the romanian language used in this letter is very similar to the language spoken in the present-day . 
  the romanian linguist aurel nicolescu stated that no less than 175 words of the 190 found in the letter have latin origins , this not counting the repeated words and the names . 
  - we are historically a latin people . 
  yes , there are slavic influences . 
  it happens when you 're invaded by them , you live in the middle of them and are cut off from other historical latin countries . 
  - i ca n't embrace my inner slav because i am not slavic and i do n't identify as slavic . 
  i feel much closer to italians than i do with serbs or ukranians for example . 
  this looks so depressing . 
  it says `` piss off '' on austria . 
  fake map confirmed . 
  and make sure you do n't elect jobbik either . 
  we would n't want a war or something . 
   same applies to even russia . 
  while we heavily dislike the country , people are getting along just fine . 
  except a lot of these people are putin sympathizers and are prepared to go to war with your for his gains . 
  i mean , i do n't hate russian people , but let 's stop blaming where a country has gotten only on politicians . 
  someone put them there and if they did n't , the people never bothered to get them down from there . 
  no one even talks about the baltics , what are you saying ? 
  lol, 
  hold hands with a lithuanian . 
  oh , wow , ireland , that 's so ... informative . 
  does n't communism imply the one party system as opposed to the merit of being elected by a majority ? 
  it 's corrupt by definition . 
  elections in communist states were not really elections . 
  more than that , anything important in the country was controlled politically . 
   and i thought we got it bad because of brexit i know a couple of people who got it bad with brexit . 
  and before brexit . 
  not just mean internet comments . 
  and they 're not british . 
  yeah , sorry it 's inconvenient for you , a russian , that a ukranian talks about the war your country waged on them . 
  it 's not like it affected them at all , after all . 
  you guys have , like , more sex than anyone else on this continent . 
  haha . 
  i do n't know why , but when i knew it was mes amis and still searched google to make sure and one of the answers i found was `` mes amies '' and i was like `` okay maybe the internet knows better than me , after all my french is very limited '' and look where that got me . 
  haha . 
  thanks tho , i will correct . 
  i 'm pretty optimistic @ this election because of the two round system , but this still needs to be said : do n't fuck this up , mes amis !, 
   you 're not part of my country so shut up  you 're also a bloody leech ?? 
  oh , i 'm pretty sure they work when it comes to the surge of the far right . 
  sure , most times far right politicians do n't get into power , but they have definitely gotten more supporters ever since 2015 . 
  you 're assuming the terrorists care about law abiding muslims . 
  they do n't care about anything else than inflicting terror and sabotaging democracies in europe . 
  what is wrong with xenophobia on this subreddit ?? 
  yep . 
  because the us does n't have visa free travel with a couple of eu countries and there has been a deadline so the plan is to take away visas from the americans for at least one year . 
  i got rutte too . 
  but there is . 
  the dutch government can say that it encourages these people to apply for political asylum in the netherlands . 
  not really , moldova ai n't that lucky . 
  ** tl ; dt ( ranslate ) : ** chief of arms from the defense minister has announced in a press conference that romania intends to buy patriot missiles . 
  the process will begin this year . 
  it is considered a strategic move . 
  ayyy , trajan , my boy . 
  we have started a movement . 
  haha . 
  anyway , good on you guys . 
  never let corrupt people think they can get away with it . 
  at least you 'll never be silent about it . 
  let them like the russians better . 
  says a lot about them . 
  turkey 's nuclear weapons are really us ' are n't they ? 
  this is a bit weird . 
  person marked romania blue and i suppose that means `` yes '' won , but when you go to the source indicated by the op , source says turks in romania voted 55.36 % for `` no '' . 
  is there a link that shows how turks in each country voted ? 
  you can move to greece , but then again erdogan might follow you there . 
  true . 
  we 'll see how it turns out . 
  yep , but i do n't know if we 're gon na get it since it 's an important agency and other countries such as spain ( which already has 3 or 4 other agencies ) bid on it . 
  romania does n't even have an agency . 
  all the other countries do i think . 
  well , if us attacks nk without being attacked first , we have no obligation to get involved according to the core principle of nato , but i suppose there will be pressure to get involved . 
  y' all lucky ^ ^ / s it happened during warm weather . 
  7 months ago romania had an apolitical government . 
  i guess it can be called centrist but i do n't know ... `` technocratic '' is more descriptive . 
  almost all the people in the cabinet were never affiliated to a political party . 
  no , it was in the budget plan , but no foreign source acknowledges it when they talk about 2 % defense spending because apparently it has to be recognized by some swedish report first but i thought i 'd share . 
  ( i know the pike 's a pike and i also know the pike bites . ), 
  ( i kiss the priest 's lap , the priest kisses my lap . ), 
  - this is a weird one , especially since if you say it fast enough , it turns even more vulgar . 
  ( an eagle sits on a peak with a pen in his beak . ), 
  ( six hundred sixty-six saxons in six-hundred sixty-six sacks . ), 
  ( the goat walks on the stone . 
  the stone breaks in four . 
  may the goat 's head break in four the way the stone did . ), 
  and more . 
  it 's ... ... ... ... ... . . us , of course . 
  yeah ... 
  some hungarians are like that indeed . 
  anyway , do n't worry , it 's just that his attitude ticked me off . 
  cheers . 
  maybe . 
  what was his point ? 
  is that the most important thing about it ? 
  yeah i bet the people in the streets were like ... * you know what i 'm gon na do right now as i 'm getting shot ? 
  i 'm gon na copy hungarians right now . 
  * it 's not necessarily a copy as it is an expected act in a revolution . 
  how would they wave a flag against communists while the flag had a communist coat of arms ? 
  rain ? 
  what rain ? 
  what 's this myth i keep hearing about .
