   orban , who is seeking a third consecutive term as premier next year , has overseen the biggest consolidation of power since communism as part of his pledge to create an `` illiberal state '' modeled on countries such as russia and turkey . 
  wow . 
  nice . 
  so ... how concerned are hungarians ? 
   mamamia the italians would like to have a word . 
  my bad . 
  share them anyway !, 
  haha . 
  what an absolute circus . 
  no sm without fom . 
  no more concessions . 
  lithuanians , give the rest of us cookies too !, 
  yes , / u/istencsaszar , we are very sorry your friends met some dicks . 
  will you ever forgive us ? 
  or is this going to lead to another discussion about the poor and oppressed hungarian minority ? 
  i just want to know . 
  tight schedule . 
  wake up . 
  dicks are everywhere . 
  in fact , romanians face more abuse and discrimination abroad than hungarians ever will . 
  it is what it is . 
  it 's not like any of this is legal so i do n't know what you expect from us , redditors ? 
   i did n't bash romanians out of nowhere . 
  if you think that being a dick to me on the internet will avenge your friends , man , are you in for a big disappointment . 
  in fact , you 're encouraging bigotry and hate so yeah ... you 're definitely not helping . 
  no , i 'm not hypocritical . 
  you 're decent one minute and then you come to a thread and bash romanians out of nowhere . 
  this ai n't the first time . 
  have some consistency at least . 
  to combat what ? 
  your awful stereotyping based on your image of romanians ? 
  your comments about something you pretend to know ? 
  your edgy attitude ? 
  i do n't need to . 
  i know where you stand , i know you wo n't budge . 
   boohoo it 's okay . 
  do n't cry . 
  russians never disappoint . 
  so edgy . 
  such wow . 
  such bigotry . 
  not even surprised . 
   nobody you ca n't make that assumption . 
  the vast majority , sure , but you can not make that assumption . 
  edit : downvote me all you want . 
  you still can not make that assumption . 
   police said that a 45-year-old man from worcestershire was arrested on suspicion of posting videos or images likely to cause racial hatred , along with a 45-year-old woman from evesham . 
  he was arrested on suspicion of hate speech which was illegal even before the refugee crisis in most eu countries so yeah ... it is n't dead , it 's just that certain forms of expression have consequences in europe . 
  in some european countries it is illegal to burn your national flag . 
  in romania and others , it 's legal . 
  i do admit that treating it as a hate crime might be too much , but maybe the country has laws against both hate speech and the destruction of religious symbols ... and maybe he had other videos too . 
  in the end , they 're just following the law . 
  the fact that it happened on facebook means nothing . 
  our own authorities treat facebook as a public space afaik . 
  please do correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  where does that stop tho ? 
  there are cases in which the majority is wrong and we have a term for that : the tyranny of the majority . 
  do you know what they want to ban next ? 
  abortions , mono parental adoption , etc. 
  where do we stop and tell the people that there are things which are above what the majority want ? 
  that every citizen should be protected by the state , not just the majority . 
  like you said ... everything is n't black and white . 
  sometimes the majority of people are stupid . 
  the only anormal thing about this whole issue is your homophobia . 
  are you telling me the reason the majority in romania are not okay with gay marriages is something other than church influence ? 
  i know estonia is atheist and maybe there are other reasons there , if there are any against gay marriage , but not in romania . 
  the state has no business telling you who to marry because from a secular state 's view , there are no legitimate arguments against someone marrying another adult , whatever gender they may be . 
  only the church can bring the arguments and those arguments are religious . 
  and yes of course because the orthodox church is a parasite that pays no taxes , demands money , builds shitty buildings and tells people what god `` wants them to do '' . 
  well then they should pay only a part of their taxes . 
  i still do n't understand how you can make a point against the state offering same services to everyone . 
  i pay taxes , you pay taxes , you do n't get to stop me from receiving the same things for my contribution to the state . 
  it 's not like receiving something more because someone is a homosexual , is getting what you pay for . 
  what if homosexuals decided `` well , you know what , i do n't get the full package so why should i pay all my taxes , i 'm only going to pay 70 % of them '' . 
  would that be fair ? 
  why are you against the state offering same services to everyone ? 
  it 's a random place . 
  they 're probably not even required to have a flag on it . 
  it 's just a picture with a hyped up title . 
  it 's not that we do n't care about our flag , believe me , we do , it 's just that we 're not necessarily offended by the sight of the eu flag without our national flag on a random irrelevant place . 
  if this was a public institution , the attitude would be different . 
  because this is a secular country and the church has no right to tell the government that some people paying the same taxes get restricted access to state services . 
  it was n't even about a homosexual marriage ban , it was about change a word in the family definition in the constitution which obviously and clearly shows a game of power and influence . 
  my main problem is that i 've checked some of the people posting off topic and duplicates and all sorts of stuff ( which were deleted later because of rule violations ) : some of them are newer than me to this website ( with current account at least ) and they seem to have no problem going through the automoderator while i have been told by moderators here that maybe the reason automoderator catches my posts ( except the ones from romania-insider who never have problems going through ) is because i 'm new to the website . 
  i only really post from major news outlets like reuters , bbc , euobserver and the likes , and of course romania-insder . 
  and there 's like over 10 moderators for this sub so i expected at least one moderator to be online when the others are n't . 
  then i started thinking that maybe there are certain names or words the automoderator picks up that it blocks in case of off-topic or spam : for example , donald trump . 
  ( i posted a link about trump finally saying himself that he stands by nato article 5 in a press conference with our president , and the source was reuters ) but i do n't know . 
  thing is , when i had my previous reddit account , i never had these problems on the europe subreddit even as a new account . 
  or maybe i do n't remember them . 
  anyway , do n't take this personally or anything , some of us just do n't have the patience and we get especially annoyed when the sub gets spammed with everything uk government related even if it has sometimes nothing to do with the rest of europeans , especially since if any of us were to post that many info and articles on our government , you guys would get fed up too . 
  so these two things combined has made some of us a bit irritated , especially with the automoderator . 
  you can see i 'm not the only one by the amount of upvotes that comment got . 
   hungarian ?? 
  they will respect the majority who does . 
  if they were the majority , we 'd be out of the eu . 
  there is very little anti eu sentiment here . 
  we give visa free access , you give northern bucovina back !, 
  romania 's like lol , no requirements . 
  i love ode to joy flashmobs a lot .
