  autonomous regions trying to secede and become independent states or secede and try to join hungary . 
  besides , not all hungarians in romania want autonomy . 
  i was n't sure so i googled it when i wrote that and wiki said that it 's still used in the present . 
  i 've read it all . 
  it 's not patriotic , it 's nationalistic and it promotes hatred of serbs and romanians . 
  frankly , i do n't understand how this poem is allowed on the many trianon monuments throughout hungary . 
  it has nothing to do with out current european values . 
  it 's just a poem that sparks hate of two nations over a historical event . 
   beautiful . 
   the banat shall not bring bread to the serbs pick one . 
  haha !, 
  this is incredibly amusing . 
  no problem . 
  well , we can not do much about it because if we get in too deep , dodon and his friends yell `` romania is trying to annex us ! '', 
  and `` romania is attacking our sovereignty ! '' . 
  i remember when basescu was still president , he was asked by a russian official if romania is planning to annex moldova and he answered back in his own unique way . 
  `` sir , i want you to take notice that romania has no experience in annexing other countries ' territories . '', 
  i 'm no fan of basescu , but it 's certainly fun to take a jab at russians now and then . 
  how he got elected ? 
  the race was close , but i guess moldova was n't ready for a somewhat liberal woman as president . 
  dodon attacked for not being married or not having children , i do n't remember . 
  he was quite the misogynist . 
  and he can do propaganda well . 
  a few things he did/say : - wants to erase romanian history from children 's books . 
  how he plans that ? 
  i do n't know . 
  - said that if we want a unification it should be to make greater moldova . 
  lol - said romania gives too many scholarships to moldovan students as a form of propaganda . 
  and many more things . 
  we 're used to him by now . 
  not much we can do as i said . 
  - same language , but some words are different . 
  like regionalisms . 
  - some speak russian too because they 're very exposed to it . 
  - they have some traditions specific to their region , but this applies to any region in romania or other countries . 
  - they drink more . 
  - they have quite the russian minority and problems with gagauzia and transnistria . 
  - they are poorer than us , but that 's because of their history . 
  - they use ~ ~ both the cyrillic and ~ ~ latin alphabet ~ ~ afaik ~ ~ . 
  - igor dodon is basically on a campaign to erase anything romanian from moldova and we had a laugh a few weeks ago when he change the official language of his website from romanian to moldavian . 
  he still wants out aid money though . 
  are n't we super nice ? 
  basically not much of a difference just that we 're at different levels because of the geopolitical context . 
  let 's hope we stay united because things are rocky in eu . 
   i have known people and have friends from transylvania as well as slovakia and it 's mostly just a way for politicians to trigger people detached from everyday life in there . 
  absolutely true . 
   still , for some reason it 's always a hurting spot when it comes to theoretical discussion about the topic . 
  and for that / r/europe and the internet generally is a perfect place . 
  i can understand that although i dislike the general tension that comes with this discussion and i was really insulted earlier about the russian comment because russia has done terrible things to us and our neighbour ukraine and we are not like that . 
   i 'm all for ce living in peace together but when it comes to debating the past , i do n't mind that either . 
  i agree . 
  that 's what i find weird . 
  he thinks that his idea of `` magyar victim '' is felt by everyone and that somehow everyone in transylvania cries everyday after hungary . 
  some may have those feelings , others no , most have lives to live and ca n't or do n't want to really think about this that often . 
  it 's not a priority . 
  why is n't romania bordering germany ? 
  we 've always gotten along quite well . 
  that 's not middle ground , that 's also hungary taking some romanian majority territories . 
  middle ground would grant you one , two counties on the border and harghita + covasna , which is in the middle of the country . 
  are n't you supposed to ask istencsaszar about that ? 
  am i not supposed to be offended by the incredibly gross comment he made ? 
  well , they did vote did n't they ? 
  is n't that what choosing means ? 
  you did n't lose these territories just because you lost the war ( like it would have been if your neighbours received chunks of your land that had nothing to do with them ) , you lost them because the territories with non hungarian people did n't want to be a part of hungary anymore . 
  it 's not just one factor , there are many . 
  so it 's not just the willingness of romanians ( because if the allies would n't have wanted , i imagined things would be different , things would have probably gotten ugly due to the union sentiment ) , but it also is n't just `` the allies decided . 
  they can be dodon sometimes , but they can also get very igor . 
  what is so hard to understand that for romanians it was ? 
  they got to say , `` hey , we want to unite with romania . '', 
  romania did not draw the borders , but the romanians on those territories , the majority , were willing to unite with romania . 
   and hate the guts of serbians and romanians yeah . 
  what was it ? 
   beautiful kolozsv\u00e1r , the proud city of m\u00e1ty\u00e1s  ca n't be , no , never , the ornament of the vlachs  the banat shall not bring bread to the serbs  hungarian winds should blow over the carpathians, 
  i refuse to participate in such a insulting discussion . 
  if you want to keep on spouting nonsense and hate , be my guest , but i wo n't entertain you . 
   sorry it does n't fit your `` romania is always righteous & innocent and hungary is pure evil '' narrative . 
   i did n't downvote you , i can give you printscreens . 
  the only comment i downvoted is where your connational compared us to russia annexing crimea which is absolutely disgusting and disregards not only romanians , but any other minority in the kingdom of hungary . 
  also , no one said hungary is pure evil . 
  i presented both sides of the view . 
  are you seriously comparing the two ? 
  oh my god . 
  he just compared us to russia annexing crimea . 
  no , no , you 're right . 
  the whole europe is hungarian clay . 
  you 're right . 
  * those damn romanians , existing right there , on our clay . 
  how dare they . 
  * romania should n't even exist . 
  who are romanians ? 
  fake . 
  fake hungarians . 
  it 's a conspiracy . 
  can we get over it once and for all ? 
  and other non hungarian speaking people and the ones who were assimilated through magyarization . 
  but in the end it does not matter . 
  romanians + others were a majority . 
  also , you forgot to say `` according to some opinions '' which means the second paragraph is not exactly a fact . 
  the romanian majority , where they were a majority , which is most of the territory , did decide . 
  and you kind of lost the war so there 's that .
