  it being in germany sends a clear message on that soft power and who wields it . 
  well , i do n't know much about the ecb 's internal politics . 
  but if it 's a sort of trophy for germany , then : * presumably the same would n't apply to france with the ep . 
  ep representation is well-defined . 
  * for the sake of discussion -- still not sure that i completely buy in -- let 's say that eu institutions are a sort of trophy for powerful members and reflect their influence within the eu . 
  what is the sense in handing out institutions to individual member countries ? 
  would n't that do a poor job of tracking their influence , something that would be expensive to move ? 
  let 's say that , say , a v4-italy-spain bloc dominated the ep for twenty years . 
  already-esstablished institutions are n't going to move . 
  will the eu create new institutions and locate them there to reflect their influence ? 
  it seems like an expensive way to mint medals ...   the eu will have difficulties eliminating or merging or shrinking or growing particular institutions . 
    again read my previous comment . 
  people do n't wan na give away power easily . 
  i do n't understand why that confuses you . 
  well , it 's that the physical location of the institution does n't confer much power , even if i 'll grant that it provides some prestige . 
   the eu already had difficulties , has difficulties and will have difficulties . 
  it 's like telling me the sky is blue and water is wet . 
  yes !, 
  okay , but that 's true of any government . 
  surely it would make sense to minimize them where possible ? 
   maybe you refuse to understand that the eu is a process where we have to voluntarily give away power . 
  the us formed by taking power . 
  < headscratch  first , i 'm not really sure how that relates -- i 'm talking about long-term constraints on the eu , and should be as applicable to both . 
  second , all us states chose to join : that is , they chose to adopt a federal structure , and in doing so gave some authority to the federal government . 
  that does n't always mean that it persisted -- the csa later tried to leave and was forcibly prevented from doing so . 
  but , again ... that seems somewhat disconnected from my point ( and i rather suspect that in the long run , the eu will be likely to remove article 50 in one way or another ) . 
   nobody wants to give away power . 
  ... france does n't control the ep , and germany does n't control the ecb . 
  i do n't really see how it would represent any guarantees of the continued status quo as power goes . 
  i 'd think that if that were the goal , having some sort of explicit allocation would make more sense ( e.g. 
  france gets n votes on military affairs , etc ) . 
  that 's not to say that they do n't benefit . 
  both probably receive some amount money directed from other eu members transferred into their economies due to having the ep and ecb there . 
  but i do n't see how it makes any change in political power . 
  i could see it making a change in * image * . 
  but then that gets back to my point -- if it 's necessary to maintain the institutions on an ongoing basis to maintain that image , it seems like it will place constraints on their size and existence , that the eu will have difficulties eliminating or merging or shrinking or growing particular institutions . 
  [ sark prison in guernsey is kinda quaint ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/prison_-_sark.jpg ) . 
  holds two . 
  still in active use , albeit only for overnight use . 
  no , but it borders dc , and i believe that the rationale was that there was n't sufficient undeveloped space in dc in one spot near where they wanted to put it . 
  the issue i 'm raising -- that making the institutions prestige things , attached to each country around the eu , might impose permanent political constraints -- would n't really seem to apply to the pentagon , which is simply the government area sprawling across one border . 
  they might not be in the single market -- we shall see what all happens , as it 's not impossible that they might not even leave or might have a soft leave -- but regardless of all this , i would be extremely surprised if there is an outcome that does not at least result in a free trade agreement between the eu and the uk . 
  the [ eu has a free trade agreement with mexico and chile , for pete 's sake ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) . 
  hmm . 
  one problem with this might be that it politicizes the institutions . 
  for example , let 's say that in the future , it becomes advisable to eliminate or merge or reduce the relative size of an institution . 
  now it 's bound up with that country 's political standing . 
  unless you expect this to be a short-term solution , to sort of `` buy off '' a single generation of those opposed to eu because it is off in remote brussels , it seems like it pose some real constraints on the structure of the eu . 
  well , i do n't know that density is the issue -- singapore maintains a much higher population . 
  not trying to undercut the brits that are objecting to immigration -- it does change the country in dramatic ways , and that 's their call and all that -- but i do n't believe that the limitation was one of actual density . 
  i 'm not disputing the military advisability , just pointing out the likely political concerns of countries . 
  i expect that many multinationals lobbied for the creation of the single market and the progressive elimination of trade barriers in europe before that . 
  that worked out well , yes ? 
  well , tack that on then . 
  did people get excited about the ep being in strausbourg * or * the ecb being in frankfurt ? 
  the fact does remain that probably one of the larger concerns behind eastern eu members is that of commitment from western members , not overall eu capability . 
  providing a convincing commitment would be something of value . 
  well , did people get excited over the ep being in strausbourg ? 
  can she pull mps from other parties on those issues ? 
  let 's go with `` in the closest world to ideal which contains the eu , what relationship would you like the eu to have with the uk ? 
  '' , because i think that there 's an understood implication that the world will be imperfect enough to have politics and all that . 
  [ lotr scene in question , from the movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzx2kq7vm5e&amp;t=21s ) . 
  unlike the book , does n't say that they 're all leaving for the west , though . 
  http://www.columbia.edu/itc/hs/pubhealth/modules/demography/populationrates.html  a crude rate is used to describe the frequency of a demographic event across the total population , without regard to age or sex . 
  the standard reference period is one year . 
  because the population is usually not the same at the beginning and end of the year , the denominator for crude rates is the average of the population at the beginning and end of the one year period . 
  the numerator is the number of vital events ( e.g. , births , deaths ) observed for the total population in the specified calendar year . 
  hmm . 
  you might be right -- i 'm reading an ambiguously-worded paragraph in english that is probably translated from romanian and might itself be out-of-date :  this county is predominantly agricultural , due to its topography . 
  industry is concentrated in the cities . 
  the principal industries are ... could be that they 're talking about land area devoted to an industry , not percentage of economic output . 
  could ukip have beaten a conservative-labour coalition ? 
  there 's a legitimate concern about security of cars in the future , i think . 
  it 's a life-critical system , and it 's rapidly becoming more computerized and gaining radio links to the outside world that might represent an attack vector : bluetooth , gps , tmc , cell links , remote and keyfob-based entry , audio radios that receive and parse data ... and you 've got more and more of the car 's internal electronics tied together , including self-driving capabilities . 
  huh . 
  is this language stuff tied up with independence movements in the region ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ia%c8%99i_county wikipedia says it 's mostly agriculture , and the demographics are mostly native romanians -- no big outside influx . 
   it is the most populous county in romania , after the municipality of bucharest ( which has the same administrative level as that of a county ) . 
   the us is the major reason why radical islamic terrorism is even a thing today and right now they are supporting radical islamic terrorists in syria and other countries in the middle east . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're saying this with the idea that had there not been a conflict -- say , had we just absorbed 9/11 without a harsh response against afghanistan -- there would have been less of a motive for terrorism . 
  maybe so -- we wo n't know for sure -- but the question was about taking a firm hand . 
  and so i do n't think that you 're really responding to the question . 
  in syria , as best i know , there 's no particular goal to support terrorist tactics . 
   putin is the only world leader who is strong enough to put his foot down to terrorism and the west without giving a shit about the pc left . 
  i 'd give us the edge on terrorism and kim jong un the edge on the west . 
  clearly needs automation . 
  they still won in every age cohort , which seems impressive to me . 
  his other chauffeur ( a founding member of the ss ) was part jewish . 
  wo n't be able to compete on the european food market . 
  you can get [ 1.6 kg bags here ] ( https://www.amazon.com/candy-milk-chocolate-56-ounce/dp/b000tv8nr2 ) . 
  i think you mean [ greater east asia co-prosperity sphere ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_east_asia_co-prosperity_sphere ) . 
   a glitterball lit up the hangar on saturday night as she hosted a gala dinner at the party conference to mark the preparations for her 2017 french presidential bid , at one point parading with a trained eagle on her arm . 
  not a rooster ? 
  note that this is 2014 , the most recent map that was available . 
  * [ urbanization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization ) is an ongoing process in the eu . 
  * there 's a great shift from east to west and south to north . 
  * the [ blue banana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) continues to grow . 
  those [ dense ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/population_density_europe.png ) areas continue to grow . 
  * sweden and norway are growing everywhere ... but finland is not . 
  * the only significant part of the southeast that 's growing is turkey , which is doing so strongly .
