  could take the form of a second referendum , in the long term , to put brexit to rest , but it would be politically-foolish to announce the possibility of such a thing * now * if that 's what you wanted . 
  if that second referendum happened , my guess is that it would be on a less-palatable specific option -- maybe one that involves the uk breaking up and a reduced package of public services , say -- that reflects the actual costs involved . 
  maybe it 's not 30 % , but if you think that 's impossible ... well , we 'll see . 
  i do n't think that it 's impossible . 
  we have * lots * of policies where the popular will is bypassed in some way by politicians typically promising the opposite . 
  we have a substantial population of illegal immigrants , which is fairly-lucrative . 
  democrats tend to promise citizenship , and republicans promise cracking down on illegal immigration and deporting people , both of which are very popular with various groups ... yet via one procedural hole or another , neither * quite * happens . 
  congress pushes it to the end of the agenda and it * just * does n't quite make it over , or * just * enough people do n't support one or the other . 
  generally-speaking , raising the minimum wage is another policy that has popular public support . 
  i 'd argue that even if one * wants * to provide a subsidy to the poor , it 's a very poor way to do it ( one can cut into working conditions , tends to drive unemployment/automation , etc ) , and i suspect that you 'd find economists saying more-or-less that -- that it has side effects and that at best it probably would n't * hurt * much . 
  the political leadership takes a much dimmer view of minimum wage as a policy than the public does , and sure enough , the minimum wage manages to remain much lower than the public thinks that it should be . 
  both of those policies are policies that are probably in the economic interests of the us , though the public wills otherwise . 
  and the political leadership finds a way to consistently adopt the in-the-interests-of-the-us policy , regardless of what the public wants ... and it finds a more-artful way to do so than simply refusing to do one or the other . 
  i do n't think that the uk differs in this regard . 
  i suspect that the british bureaucracy has the uk right where it thinks is in the uk 's best interests , and that if possible , will do its damnedest to keep it there . 
  but we 'll see -- certainly there is a potential political cost . 
  may 's actions are politically-compatible with this . 
  sh the last , the `` hard brexit '' ... he gives it a low chance , and suspect that he 's right . 
  was n't he just catching fire for having security policies that were too-extensive , keeping the state of emergency active ? 
  i guess it 's different segments of the population , but ... 
  germany does n't realistically have a way to require reforms in the greek economy other than debt relief . 
  i think that it would have been politically better to have created a clear path forward with milestones , but maybe that was considered gameable ? 
  '' recession '' has a technical meaning -- two quarters of negative real gdp growth . 
  it does n't really mean anything applied to workers , but the closest equivalent would , i guess , be rising unemployment or falling real wages . 
  while that may happen thanks to the brexit vote and pound fall this year , looking at the non-inflation-adjusted numbers , it does n't look like that is normally the case . 
  thank you . 
  someone suggested that they 'd be seized and people ran with it . 
  there is no reason to believe that turkey is a gas partner -- people talking about ` erdogan seizing them ' are speculating . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that he would . 
  your issues list now includes : * greek debt * occupied ukraine * italian bank stability * terrorism in the eu * migrant crisis * brexit * depending on where this goes , erdogan 's actions . 
  it 's not inconsistent , as he also wanted to get rid of the uk 's nuclear capability . 
  much as i do approve of gun rights , and killers have been stopped , it 's also easy to glamorize it as a solution . 
  and it does n't always work even if someone can respond . 
  i remember reading about one incident where some guy went to kill his wife and son at a court . 
  he had a rifle and body armor . 
  he shot some people there . 
  the owner of a shooting range near the courthouse heard the shots and ran over with a handgun . 
  he shot the guy several times with good shots , but the body armor stopped the rounds . 
  he was then shot and killed by the murderer in return . 
  he did manage to save the life of the killer 's son . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyler_courthouse_shooting and self-defense is not the reason for which the second amendment was passed , though it might be a nice side effect . 
  ironically , it 's for the ongoing ( probably unpopular here ) reason that erdogan is presently ensuring that his public is getting firearm access -- to block a standing army trying to establish a tyranny over the public . 
  i do n't think that the coup was staged . 
  historically , people have claimed ` false flag ' far more often than was actually the case . 
  the cost here was high , and town lot of people were involved . 
  it may well be exploited for gain , sure . 
  but , hell , we did that after 9/11 , albeit to a much smaller degree -- the laundry list of law enforcement powers that was wanted was promptly lugged out . 
  a turkish-american software engineer buddy of mine hates erdogan with the burning force of a thousand suns , is convinced that he 's screwing up the country . 
  likes attaturk , though . 
  i 'd be surprised if that is n't already logged , though maybe not by a hardened black box device -- that 's how the manufacturers would have debugged issues . 
  `` zero hour contracts '' being a different way of just saying `` at will employment '' ? 
  you mean execution ' ? 
  kind of casual about this . 
  a lot of people may be dying . 
  to be fair , that 's not how nazi germany started out , either . 
   the united states ' response , at least initially was weak , and even when the us got around to formally condemning the coup , the us military forces on the ground in turkey did nothing to prevent coup participants based at the same locations from trying to kill him . 
  this is a wildly unreasonable criticism . 
  those forces were responsible for guarding weapons and fighting isis . 
  it is outside the scope of us military forces in a country to attack allied military forces to attempt to maintain a government . 
  are they to suspect that general x might be involved , arrest him and other soldiers when even turkish security forces were n't sure what was going on ? 
  their responsibility is to stay out of internal affairs , not to act as an independent police intervening in internal conflicts to kingmake in allied countries . 
  if there were an uprising in , say , germany , or in poland , us soldiers would not act against it , nor would they have authority to do so . 
  i personally doubt that either the gernan government would want to grant such authority to the us , nor that the us would be willing to be responsible for the politically-risky position of guaranteeing a government against internal threats . 
  capital punishment , lots of flags , leader makes public statements involving religion , ensuring that the public has access to firearms ? 
  if we could just get erdogan to not be executing the judiciary and knock off the suppression of the press , he 'd be going places . 
  nato relations are n't disintegrating . 
  read over the two submissions along these lines again . 
  the one about kerry talking about nato relations was a false report , and the french statement about viability was a mistranslation . 
  mods should flag misleading . 
  turkey is n't annexing chunks of europe . 
  putij did n't need go wind up the bad guy -- he chose that role with the full understanding of what he was doing . 
  that being said , both the us and the eu have issued criticisms of the purge . 
  turks in germany and the netherlands and a few other european countries . 
  turks in the us mostly vote chp . 
  i 'm saying that i do n't think that we deserve that criticism from him . 
  sweden was subsidizing minimum wage workers involved in the migrant crisis . 
  from a competitive standpoint , that put them below minimum wage . 
  probably what he was referring to . 
   always once . 
  seems like any overhead there , if necessary , should apply to the justice system as a whole , not just to cases with a particular type of punishment . 
  and i 've no issue with him saying `` this is something to strive for '' . 
  but if he 's going to * criticize * us on not achieving that ideal to a sufficient degree , i 'd kinda want him setting an example . 
  if he develops chad , fine , i 'm okay with saying that guatemala is n't as solid . 
  but at the moment , i do n't feel that he 's personally in a position to make that criticism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/powers_of_the_police_in_england_and_wales  removal of disguises   under section 60aa criminal justice and public order act 1994 , if : [ 62 ]   an authorisation under section 60 of the act ( searching for weapons ) is on force , or an inspector issues an authorisation under section 60aa on the grounds that he reasonably believes that : [ 62 ] activities are going to take place in a certain part of his police area , those activities will involve offences being committed , and to prevent or control those offences it is necessary to order the removal of disguises ,   then a constable in uniform can : [ 62 ]   require a person to remove any item which the constable reasonably believes that person is wearing wholly or mainly for the purpose of concealing his identity , and seize any item which the constable reasonably believes any person intends to wear wholly or mainly for that purpose . 
    authorisations apply to one locality only , last for 24 hours , and the inspector who gives them must inform a superintendent as soon as possible . 
  [ 62 ] a superintendent can extend the authorisation for a further 24 hours . 
  [ 62 ] failure to remove a disguise when required is an offence . 
  the international community was against the soviet union invading finland , too . 
  does n't mean military involvement . 
  erdogan could probably extract a coerced confession from a coup member saying that he was , even if he was n't , though . 
  if there were phone records or flights into the us , that could be verified . 
  but if you wanted to manufacture a claim , you could say that internet traffic was used . 
  that would probably meet the evidentiary standard for an extradition -- confessions of members . 
  he could be involved or could just be the target of a purge . 
  would be hard to distinguish . 
  not particularly interested in participating in a purge if he was n't involved , though . 
  if you are talking about world war ii , which [ encompasses the partition of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_world_war_ii_\\ ( 1939 \\ ) ) he played an essential role in kicking it off . 
  edit : ah , you must be using the soviet definition of [ `` great patriotic war '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_patriotic_war_\\ ( term \\ ) ) , which excludes that part of world war ii . 
  i do n't understand the euphemism .
