  but the problem is that there was no real end in sight . 
  every member had reason to cut their own budget and let the other members handle funding a competent military to defend all the others . 
  since * everyone * was following this pattern , militaries were basically becoming unable to operate . 
  the us cut her own funding as well , but not by anywhere near as much as other members . 
  the result is that today , the us 's military budget is 70 % of all nato member military budgets combined . 
  this makes the us responsible for a greater share of defense of the other members , even though those members are much-better-off than they had been in the past . 
  basically , those members are reasonably content to gamble that the us ( and to a lesser extent , the other heavy-hitters like the uk and france ) would never be willing to sacrifice a nato member if something serious came up , so they could keep cutting . 
  the us was concerned about this and spearheaded a `` okay , we all agree to make sure that our militaries are funded to at least x level '' agreement back in 2006 . 
  this was * not * a binding agreement , but members collectively agreed to shift their budgets up to each being 2 % of their gdp . 
  however , members just kept cutting -- in basically a hardball bet that the us ( a ) wo n't cut to the level of being unable to defend them and ( b ) that the us would be willing to come , even if members are ignoring their agreement . 
  this kind of problem is a very common problem in economics , so common and important that it is given a name , the [ free rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) . 
  basically , if i can use a resource without paying for it , as a rational actor , i wo n't pay for it . 
  this means that * nobody * winds up paying for it , and everyone winds up without the resource ... which might be to everyone 's net detriment . 
  this is economically-inefficient -- it leads to an outcome where people are worse-off . 
  the normal fix for this is to require that everyone pay a certain amount towards the resource . 
  if everyone wants the resource to exist , they agree to do so , and the issue goes away . 
  well , [ john bolton is a fan of bombing iranian facilities that we think are involved in nuclear weapon production ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/26/opinion/to-stop-irans-bomb-bomb-iran.html?_r=0 ) . 
  might or might not be the most-effective way to address the nuclear program , but i would n't consider it to be `` catastrophic '' . 
  certainly would piss the hell out of iran , but iran being pissed off at the us is not particularly unusual . 
  [ the israelis did something similar to iraq back in 1981 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_opera ) , with the iranians themselves trying to accomplish precisely the same thing earlier . 
  i do n't want to get into partisan arguments ( certainly not about us political parties on / r/europe ) . 
  it wo n't get resolved ( and , hell , i 'm no die-hard republican anyway ) . 
  i 'm just saying that i am operating on : * the assumption that the mainstream policy agenda of both the gop and the democrats are fairly reasonable and unlikely to cause major issues . 
  if you do n't agree , we can just agree that we do n't agree on this point and you can continue on . 
  i 'm making it clear that i 'm operating under this assumption -- if your concern is that `` the gop winning the presidency is catastrophic '' , you 're free to take that position , but it 's not specific to trump and it 's not something that i 'm really interested in debating . 
  there are lots of d-versus-r forums out there to argue that on . 
  * the belief that trump may be significantly-influenced on policy by those people selected for his cabinet . 
  * the possibility that some of the people selected may hold out-of-the-mainstream political positions . 
  bolton is not opposed to nato and does not plan to pull out or ignore allies if attacked and does not plan to radically-readjust the us 's political alignment internationally . 
  i believe that the same is true of pence . 
  i believe that the same is true of the gop as a party . 
  ditto for the democratic party . 
  trump has made some statements that cross far out of what most us political figures would consider acceptable to be making on nato ( that it is `` obsolete '' , that allies need to pay the united states , that maybe the us should not respond to allies that are attacked ) . 
  [ here 's a list of some of his statements ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2016/05/whats-trumps-position-on-nato/ ) . 
  i believe that they may just represent a lack of understanding as to how nato works and a willingness to make things up on-the-fly -- in particular , he seems to , if asked about something that he does n't appear to understand , suggest that it would be a good idea to reconsider it and to renegotiate it . 
  nafta is similar . 
  what i do n't want is to find out that there 's someone with a lot of influence involved in his team who is strongly opposed to nato and that the source of his statements is that influence . 
  it could be merely trump simply trying to create a smokescreen of bullshit on-the-fly , in which case i am not worried as long as there are regular , normal policy people going over the decisions with him . 
   and i 'd argue that 's more out of economic nessecity than anything else given they 're stretched pretty thin right now , militarily , between north africa with mali , central africa with car , eastern europe with russia & the middle east with daesh . 
  you 're arguing that france has a hard time reaching military budget targets * because * france is involved in many military conflicts ? 
  he was in office under bush , albeit in a less-important post than the potential secretary of state seat that people are talking about now . 
  if we wind up with an isolationist the-jews-are-running-things-via-influence-on-the-us bannon as the main voice in trump 's ear and a hawkish pro-israel-and-ties-all-over-to-israel bolton as secstate , the most-important position under trump , there are going to be sparks flying . 
   i doubt that ` chief strategist ' is much more than a title and a seat at the table it * could * be that he 'll have no real role , and this is just a thank-you for all that he 's done -- gets some money and status and whatnot . 
  it 's not completely crazy . 
  it * could * be that he 's going to handle domestic political strategy . 
  after all , he did contribute greatly to beating out the major political organizations in the us . 
  i 'm not gon na get too worked up about this . 
  maybe he gets trump saying controversial things in domestic politics , maybe he normalizes some not-socially-acceptable things today , but i 'm not too panicky about that . 
  what i would worried about is if trump uses him as a policy advisor to vet everything , because trump believes that he can trust him . 
  i do n't know how much he buys into the kind of conspiracy theories that he 's associated with . 
  i do n't know whether he 's hell-bent on major policy changes in foreign affairs . 
  i do n't know whether he 's hell-bent on major policy changes in domestic affairs . 
  he has made [ strong claims along these lines in the past ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/22/steve-bannon-trump-s-top-guy-told-me-he-was-a-leninist.html ) :  `` i 'm a leninist , '' bannon proudly proclaimed . 
    shocked , i asked him what he meant . 
    `` lenin , '' he answered , `` wanted to destroy the state , and that 's my goal too . 
  i want to bring everything crashing down , and destroy all of today 's establishment . '' [ breitbart , the organization bannon runs , had its uk office tied into farage 's campaign ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2015/06/the-transatlantic-flirtation-behind-ukips-sudden-meltdown/ ) . 
  farage is perhaps the single individual most-responsible for damaging the eu thus far :  bannon was an admirer of delingpole 's writing and saw in young raheem an ideal apprentice . 
  he took them out for lunch towards the end of 2013 , and put them in charge of his breitbart londonproject . 
  the company rented a swish office in westminster , which included a handsome flat for kassam to stay in . 
  on 16 february last year , the site launched . 
  ` there is a growing global anti-establishment revolt against the permanent political class at home , and the global elites that influence them , ' said bannon in a press release . 
  ` today 's media establishment and conservative movement in the uk have become obsolescent and fundamentally uninspiring , ' added kassam . 
    a spokesman for breitbart insisted that the london office was not established to support any political party . 
  nevertheless , it did n't take long for breitbart london to become a ukip cheerleader . 
  kassam , as managing editor , was a particularly eager apologist . 
  when , for instance , the daily mirror published photographs of the ukip leader walking with a blonde woman to a hotel at 3 a.m. , kassam leapt to farage 's defence : ` implications surrounding sexual impropriety are wholly reprehensible , ' he wrote in a blogpost . 
    breitbart staff were alarmed at the lack of editorial independence . 
  ` we effectively became the ukip comms office , ' says one employee . 
  ` any criticism of the sainted farage was completely banned , ' says another . 
  it 's understood that delingpole and kassam fell out over the site 's pro-ukip line . 
    at some point ( it 's not exactly clear when ) , kassam started working directly for farage . 
  in farage 's recent memoir , the purple revolution , he writes that after the newark by-election in june , he ` tasked raheem with planning a us trip to help meet campaign experts who worked for both the democrats and the republicans ' . 
  in september , farage , kassam and matthew richardson went on a four-day trip to america . 
  by october , farage had officially hired kassam as his senior adviser . 
  that kind of thing concerns me . 
  i assume that le pen gets more of the hard anti-immigration vote ? 
  i 'm really not concerned about pence . 
  pence is a social conservative . 
  he 'd piss off social liberals , but he 's more-or-less in line with the us policy that ( in my eyes ) actually matters . 
  if pence were president , he 'd just look like a fairly conservative us president . 
  bannon , on the other hand ... is a different issue . 
  he 's hooked up with some euroskeptic people , like farage and now le pen , and potentially has some rather-more-extreme goals . 
   and congress does have the power to remove him from office . 
  not unless he 's actually committed crimes . 
  that 's not what a declaration of war is . 
  it just authorizes the president to use wartime powers -- it does n't force him to do so . 
  neither mainstream republican nor democratic ideas are likely to be catastrophic -- i do n't much care about a `` gop mainstream '' versus `` democratic mainstream '' election . 
  i do care a great deal if trump starts pulling in some really wacky people and starts going hog-wild with their theories . 
  major terror incident in the week before the election ? 
  how many points could that swing ? 
  i would be very interested to know what the heck bannon will actually be doing . 
  if his job is to keep the alt-right with trump by hanging around with people they like and noisily publicizing the fact , i really do n't care . 
  politicians are gon na politick , and as much as it may anger the people who do n't like the associations , that 's identity politics . 
  hillary had the `` ram feminisim and sexual identity into everything '' and that irked people on the other side of the aisle . 
  trump 's political identity is his business . 
  if he 's going to be a major source of foreign policy input , however , that 's a bigger concern . 
  and right now , we really do n't know what 's going to be the case . 
  congress does n't have the power to determine whether the us withdraws from nato or whether the us can ignore an attack on an ally . 
  that 's all controlled by the presidency . 
  vps have very little official power .
