  would that make half of the population happier ? 
  i 'd assume not . 
  i 've got two issues : * it 's not easy to take a random person and let them accurately understand the full impact of a complex policy . 
  if i went to my doctor and said `` my knee hurts '' and he says `` okay , i can prescribe you sorzonibone or astroven ... which do you want ? '', 
  i 'm going to be in a pretty poor position to make a very useful call . 
  that kind of situation is where i 'd prefer to select a doctor that i believe to be trustworthy and have that doctor make the call . 
  this is n't specific to this vote in any way -- california makes extensive use of the ballot , and often uses it to promote options that would n't pass a legislature . 
  whether-or-not you like a particular outcome , it 's often used to pass changes that have far-reaching consequences , which are very difficult for voters to understand -- [ proposition 13 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_13_\\ ( 1978 \\ ) ) , for example , has far-reaching consequences , and people voting on it typically did not do so based on any of the real economic concerns but on a `` look out for the elderly '' tug-the-heartstrings narrative . 
  you may want it to pass , but the important bits that you 'd care about are almost-certainly very different from the story under which it is sold . 
  i think that this has lead to some outcomes that really are not what voters were expecting . 
  the consequences of separation are far-reaching . 
  going over the range of consequences would require a significant investment in educating people , and that was n't done . 
  i strongly suspect that a fair chunk of votes for leave , for example , voted with the idea that there 'd be less wage pressure due to less immigration ... but i did n't see any estimates of actual impact being provided by the leave campaign . 
  there were clips of people complaining about `` not having a say in laws being made '' , and it 's very dubious that the scope of eu involvement in laws is something that they 'd had a solid handle on . 
  if you feel that you * must * have a referendum , i 'd say that the best thing is to provide a list on the ballot of specific , concrete outcomes , and estimates -- and if * you * ca n't decide on an estimate or reasonable range , it 's certainly not the case that the guy on the street can -- of impact on wages , on immigration count , and so forth . 
  then the voter is making a value judgment on which he prefers rather than having to understand a complex system and come up with some analysis as well as judging the credibility of all the people marketing different claims and understand to what degree they 're compatible . 
  you may or may not agree with his choice , but then he understands the outcomes that he 's buying into and the vote reflects those preferences . 
  * specific to this vote : i do not think that it made sense to require voters to combine votes for `` leave and limit immigration but cut off economic access '' and `` leave and retain immigration but retain economic access '' , since i suspect that there are quite-different groups of people who would have each as their top preference . 
   yes , which gladly no longer applies . 
  you said `` many bremainers voted remain because they were decieved '' , and i asked what option that was -- that was a component of remain as voted for . 
  you 're misunderstanding the issue i 'm raising -- you could certainly add such options to the ballot , but it would n't likely change anything . 
  the goal is not to simply add choices to sufficiently split up a vote -- that would n't show anything . 
  it 's a ranked choice ballot -- you simply express your order of preference . 
  you can add as many remain options as you want . 
  the point is that leave achieving plurality requires different groups that wanted fundamentally-incompatible things and would likely not have thought much of the other option being advocated for to vote together ; because of this structure , you can wind up with an outcome that is not what most people would prefer . 
  let 's say that you have three possible outcomes of a vote : * go deep sea diving * go to the mall * do nothing if this is only expressed as : * do something * no nothing then even if all of the divers dislike window shopping and the window-shoppers dislike diving , and thus no significant part of the population is very happy with the outcome , you can still wind up with one of those unpopular outcomes . 
  it 's what you wind up with if your ballot does n't let voters express their preferences very well . 
  oh , i 'm not saying that immigration is against the uk 's interests , treating the country as a whole . 
  but that does n't mean that * individuals * in the uk do n't get wage pressure . 
  they may be better - or worse-off overall , but they certainly do see something important to them impacted in an undesirable way . 
  cameron brought back an offer for :  it is recognised that the united kingdom ... is not committed to further political integration in the european union ... references to ever-closer union do not apply to the united kingdom . 
  i 'm pretty partial to the idea of , when they come up with a list of concrete exit options , putting them on a ballot with ranked choice and see where remain lies . 
  pretty sure that it 'd win a plurality . 
  they make people feel a bit better . 
  i remember feeling a bit better when other countries were shining lights and holding vigils after 9/11 . 
   there needs to be more effort put in to crack down on this radical islamic terrorism and silly social media gestures wo n't help not mutually-exclusive in any way . 
  i mean , a funeral for the dead does n't stop it either , but i would n't refrain from holding a funeral . 
  eh , you could legitimately minimize the damage , if you wanted to badly enough -- you just put people in a zig-zagging , open-topped hall , and you put vehicle-blocking concrete barriers between the places that have people gathered and the street . 
  does n't buy much , though -- you can always find some place in the country where people are gathered . 
  nothing that special about airports . 
  has n't been a second 9/11 . 
  i 'm pretty comfortable with afghanistan . 
  obviously , the military is only one component , but sure , i would n't rule it out . 
   voting for an option that did n't exist . 
  which option is that ? 
  nah , because you can keep reducing working conditions and terms . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/sep/23/russia-targeting-western-diplomats the shit-on-the-floor thing is new , but the `` attempt to disrupt life '' thing is n't -- this article 's from 2011 . 
   civic-mindedness in the digital age increasingly seems to rely less on reason or facts and more on passion . 
  i 'm not convinced that this is unique to the digital age . 
  the incumbents usually have reason to favor the existing system -- after all , it 's a system that favors their organization . 
  normally , acting to part of a country out of that country is not considered a friendly act . 
  also covers only an oddball collection of seven countries . 
  i strongly suspect that this has more to do with building a popular political image than with whims of the leader . 
  salon * is * kinda crummy , regardless . 
  he 's not , though -- he 's saying that unless canada extends special treatment , other eu countries wo n't deal with canada . 
  he 's not saying that canada has a legal requirement to do so . 
  the us and canadian visa-free system is semi-unified , and i 'm not sure whether or not that would be incompatible with us-canada agreements , but i do n't obviously see an incompatibility . 
  edit : apparently they are not . 
  canada just approved mexico for visa-free access , but the us has not done so . 
  so theoretically , it might be possible to force canada to accept independent of the us . 
  well , romania could reasonably make it a condition of the deal . 
  but a plurality is n't going to want any one exit option . 
  nato can stop an attack , but it can not align countries in the realms that would lead to war or produce an ultimate outcome of thinking of themselves as one people . 
  it is a military alliance . 
  it 's been successful so far , but how long-lived will it be ? 
  a hundred ? 
  two hundred ? 
  the effect of the eu would easily have impact on that kind of timescale . 
  it is much easier for countries to leave nato than the eu , and it is not as if nato deepens attachment over time in some way . 
  we have mostly grown up -- those of us who did n't go through the communist period -- as military allies as the norm , but that is as far as it goes . 
  some guesses : * eliminates barriers to the market in letting services , goods , and workers move . 
  * standardizes laws and product regulation so economy of scale can be leveraged . 
  * increases military clout . 
  * wards off competing blocs from doing the same . 
  in the case of , say , the uk , migration is an economic win -- gdp rises . 
  remember that you 're hearing from individuals who are disadvantaged ( and some of those will only perforce themselves as disadvantaged ) by competition from immigration -- but there are equally people doing better . 
  he 's not a dictator . 
  job competition . 
  remember , every time someone moves to get a better-paying job , they create downwards pressure on wages for labor working in the same industry . 
  skin color just makes for a nice , visible `` tribe '' identifier . 
  the us had the same thing with every large-scale wave of immigration in its history . 
  this is still comparatively-mild . 
  even large-scale internal migration has caused unrest , for example in resenting the [ `` okies '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/okie#great_depression_usage ) , though obviously it 's less-relevant in the us , where large , populated countries were n't attached . 
   what makes this situation strange is that the continually governing party has n't been particularly successful . 
  the eu slipped into the same severe economic crisis as the united states back in 2008 but has had a much weaker recovery . 
  how is that a measurement of success ? 
  that seems more like simply measuring how much it did what * vox * wanted . 
  * vox * was a huge supporter of large-scale stimulus spending , a la the us . 
  that produced economic activity in the present at the cost of more debt and less economic activity down the road . 
  the eu made a decision to not do that . 
  i do n't think that anyone can say that this is a failure of the party system . 
   mps may start splitting into a new party . 
  what effect would that have on overall seat count ? 
  i 'm hazy on the uk 's voting system -- i thought that it had individual regions , each of which was counted via a first-past-the-post vote ( and that this benefitted regional parties like snp and hurt diffuse ones like ukip ) . 
  if you get labour and `` new labour '' , wo n't that decrease the overall seat count of the two ? 
  zerohedge is a godawful source . 
   latest exercises in central europe show the western alliance could not defend the baltic states against a russian invasion . 
  hmm . 
  let 's see what he means :  through this corridor , which nato calls the `` suwalki gap , '' would have to pass all the equipment and supplies necessary for defending the baltic states . 
  the allies would have no more than 36 to 60 hours to get there before russian troops would take the estonian and latvian capitals tallinn and riga .
