  could be . 
  people have been talking about the kind of economic pressure via blocking tourism that russia might apply . 
  the dollar value of that might well exceed the benefits of the shootdown . 
  i assume that russian warplanes in a proxy war with the us are not relying upon gps anyway , as it could be disabled or made inaccurate -- more likely [ glonass ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glonass ) . 
  gps is a us military system . 
   the air to air rockets such as aim-120 amraam travel at 4,900 km/h . 
  that is the top speed of the aim-120 . 
  remember that there 's also acceleration time . 
  from the turkish military radar screengrab that was released , there was another ( iirc light blue ) course well inside turkey which i assume was was the f-16 that launched the missile ; it was also a fair distance away inside turkey ( though tbf not behind the su-24 ) , so the su-24 's speed would not have been entirely-contributing to moving away . 
  not a necessary part of the equation . 
  if russia puts a bomber into uk or french or us or canadian or anyone else 's airspace without authorization , it is liable to be shot down . 
  russia 's [ done ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ) the same thing to [ aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960_u-2_incident ) in her own airspace . 
  it might well be a good idea to let it slide and try and work it out , but that 's another matter -- and turkey had been complaining about russian violations of turkish airspace already . 
  < shrug  we have states that still fly the confederate states of america battle flag . 
   amazing amount of russian belligerence in just 24 hours . 
  this is all related to a single incident and connected escalation . 
  i think that it 's difficult to call that amazing . 
  * russian bombing of fsa positions in syria . 
  this is n't new , and has been happening for a while , nor is it extremely-surprising ( other than russia using the fig leaf of claiming that it 's going after isis ) . 
  * the entry of russian aircraft doing that bombing into turkish airspace . 
  that was probably accidental , not intentional belligerence . 
  * russian sar helicopters responding to the shootdown ( to look for the navigator ? ) . 
  this is hardly belligerence . 
  * russia announcing that it will escort future bombing missions with fighters . 
  given that russia probably is also internally ( quietly ) looking at policy to ensure that russian military aircraft do n't enter turkey , that does n't look much like belligerence . 
  the brits already announced that they will be [ carrying air-to-air missiles ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/raf-given-green-light-shoot-down-hostile-russian-jets-syria-1523488 ) , and i would n't be surprised if the us has been doing the same for a long time . 
  is it undesirable from a us standpoint ? 
  yeah . 
  is it an amazing amount of belligerence in 24 hours ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  a response involving , say , an attack on turkey would have been different . 
  < shrug  it 's a barrier . 
  besides , as / u/parkitson points out , the leadership of other members have no interest in kicking turkey out . 
  the us certainly is n't going to support anything like that : russia was bombing the us-backed fsa , and russian fighter-bombers entered turkey ; turkey shot them down . 
  a more-aggressive stance than the us might take , but certainly not disconnected from it . 
   this is like pakistan shooting down an american plane while it was on a mission to attack al quida in afghanistan . 
  two large differences : * pakistan is us-aligned starting with the early cold war . 
  turkey and russia have have been less-than-friendly for far longer than that . 
  * that us aircraft had n't crossed into pakistan . 
  turkey almost certainly would not have shot down the aircraft if it had not entered turkey . 
  turkey had issued complaints before this about airspace violation . 
   the turks simply have a far stronger hand to play than the russians do . 
  russia has cruise missiles to attack and satellite data to find targets , plus there 's no reason to believe that russian aircraft will be attacked by turkey if russia religiously keeps inside syrian borders . 
  is russia particularly constrained ? 
   sweden and germany are the prime causes for this crisis and now the rest of europe should clean up the mess ? 
  yes . 
  that does n't need to equate to `` take swedish flood of people in '' , but possibly `` frontex deports '' or `` give refugees in sweden first priority access to any other alternatives that show up , like militarily-established safe zones in syria '' . 
  sweden is probably going to be overloaded processing people , and it 's not in the eu 's interest to have many people effectively illegally-present stranded in sweden either . 
  the eu ca n't * force * any immigration requirements down sweden 's throat , but participating in doing what it can to normalize the situation , to the degree that it does n't drag in other eu member states , could reasonably be seen within the eu 's balliwick . 
  if the eu wants schengen functioning , it 's going to probably have to address issues that it faces . 
  it was arguably the `` schengen plus ultimate federalization as a goal '' approach combined with the least-restrictive-immigration member ( sweden , germany ) or the most-vulnerable ( greece , italy ) determining who makes it into the eu that created the current situation . 
  if you do want that , `` let everyone fend for themselves '' is going to wind up creating issues again, 
  to be fair , while i agree that it it would be in sweden 's interests to greatly increase limitations on current immigration from the third world , it was in response to an over-simplified statement as well . 
  `` we have no room '' was n't really terribly-accurate either . 
  maybe what europe needs is more people shouting `` yurop stronk ! '', 
   except you ca n't eat national pride [ * au contraire * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/cfzty/help_me_name_my_artery_clogging_heart_stopping/c0saxyx ) !, 
  that sounds more like a non-issue to me , to be honest . 
  they moved a couple of flags from some government function . 
  if you count that , the leaders of most countries have blood on their hands -- few have enacted or refused to enact policy that has no impact on life . 
  nor is there a mechanism for ejecting an unwilling member from nato anyway . 
  i 'm not making a general statement about canadians . 
  kingofcanadia does n't like the eu or nato and does like russia : a `` a plane was shot down , so break up nato '' response is very much in keeping with this . 
  it might be diplomatically-disadvantageous , but i do n't think that there 's actually a legal requirement to warn someone in your airspace at all . 
  the [ kal-007 shootdown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ) did n't involve warnings : as far as i know , this would n't need to either . 
  it is , broadly-speaking , probably a good idea to try to not kill people when they make mistakes . 
  furthermore , it 's a pretty safe bet that the aircraft did n't represent a threat to turkey : even if the violation was intentional , aside from proving a point about airspace control , turkey probably did n't need to shoot it down . 
  on the other hand , i understand that russia and turkey have been spatting over border violations of turkey for some time , and turkey has explicitly said that they would respond to violations . 
  if russia has n't responded to complaints of border violations in the past , turkey might not have another way to stop them . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not totally sure how the geneva convention works when you have rebel groups trying to overthrow the government , though . 
  syria ratified protocol i. 
  however , i do n't know whether they can be considered bound by the government -- whether fsa rebels are considered state actors or bound by treaties that the government signed . 
  why am i not surprised to see you posting in advocacy of breaking up nato ? 
  populations move over time . 
  either you need to keep updating this , or you make the change as a one-off ... but then , the benefit is n't terribly-clear . 
  that was also the worst of what showed up , though . 
  i * do * think that the idea of having a single source to point to is a good idea -- you ca n't have every tom , dick , and harry out there disproving every article . 
  but if the press has access to a resource that does centralize issues with that output ... that makes it easier to leverage existing fact-checking . 
  i think that that 's not a bad idea at all . 
  i do think that currently , this is a bit hard to find , due to the pdf-based structure . 
  this works if someone in the media is regularly-checking this source or if people are willing to follow it and cite it . 
  a better structure might be a way to just ask for fact-checking on an article . 
  for example , if i start with an rt article , i ca n't just plug the url into a web-based database of some sort and get back eu analysis of that article . 
  it might be possible for sources like rt to game that , by having redirects or something generate unique urls so that it 's not possible to identify a particular url , but it 'd be an interesting starting point . 
   the problem for me is that i think the eu is an organisation that is fundamentally incapable of reforming . 
  why ? 
   what are we supposed to do ? 
  wait for ireland and luxembourg to grow a conscience and change their tax policy ? 
  well , you could do what the us does -- permit the eu to levy taxes for its own operations , and have member countries levy taxes for their operations . 
  perhaps bound the things that it can tax , but that would avoid `` always take the weakest link '' tax structures . 
   the other issue i have is the habit of countries to act as if the eu is trough that they can engorge on . 
  the fishieries policy is a disaster because all everybody cares about is getting the highest qouta ( which is violated ) . 
  states in the us will also seek their own interests . 
  if the bar you set is that meps can not do so , i think that this is a very high bar to set . 
  in the case of fisheries , i think that everyone would agree that fishing out an area is not in their interest . 
  if it is possible for a country to limit fishing to avoid [ tragedy of the commons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) , i do n't see why the eu is fundamentally-incompatible with this . 
  it may-or-may-not have met these goals in the past , but ... 
  i do n't know how current eu fishery schemes work , but i 'd assume that it would be possible to have the eu set limits for an area as the first stage in negotiations and then after that address the question of how to break down that quota between states . 
   you ca n't have common borders without common security . 
  i 'm not certain that that 's necessarily the case , though it would seem to simplify things .
