  shrank since the imposition of sanctions , though . 
  to be fair , oil is up somewhat from the absolutely catastrophically low levels that it was running at , so i imagine that the remaining funds wo n't be burnt through as quickly . 
  the ft article is a paywall , but for the other ... 
  it seems to be `` do n't buy product from country x because workers there have a low standard of living and you should worry about them '' . 
  problem with that logic is that those workers chose that job because it offered a higher standard of living than the alternative . 
  that is , you would hurt those workers if you intentionally avoided their product and drove them out of business . 
  articles like this tend to come from their domestic competition , from an industry that does n't like the competition . 
  i personally do n't understand the `` we 'll negotiate hardball and it 'll work out '' thing . 
  sure , your foreign service is solid , but you just picked up a large part of their last decades of work and threw it out the window . 
  why do you feel that something done in a shorter period of time would be more advantageous ? 
  the british bureaucracy could have had the uk leave without the benefit of a referendum tying their hands if they thought that it was in the uk 's interest to do so . 
  it seems to me that your plan is to have an extremely small amount of trust in the foreign service 's past work and an incredibly large amount of faith in their work in the immediate future at a task that they felt was inadvisable . 
  huh . 
  what is your source on the latter ? 
  a google news search does n't find anything along those lines . 
  i assume that you do n't know that that photo is widely published in the us and taken by an american . 
  it was in my high school textbook , for crying out loud . 
  facebook is n't applying us-standard restrictions here . 
  i 'm using reddit right now and not facebook . 
  that photo was taken by an american and was published in media around the country . 
  this photo in the us would be protected by the first amendment . 
  however , that applies to government , not to business . 
  it 's not against the law for facebook to do this . 
  facebook is comparatively-restrictive , in part because it operated in many places that do have restrictions . 
  remember a few weeks ago when merkel was having facebook crack down on hate speech ? 
  my understanding is that the war of 1812 did some of that over here . 
  do n't attack us , though , mkay ? 
  nato membership had minority support among ukraine 's public until after the russian invasion . 
  i think that you 're overestimating the opinion-affecting role of secret conspiracies among secret ukrainian cabals and underestimating the role of invading ukraine . 
  if russia cut off the eastern portion of belarus , i 'm pretty confident that russian popularity would drop like a stone . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apple_inc.#logo  the logo was designed with a bite so that it would not be confused with a cherry . 
  we have a free press . 
  javelins would be a damned ineffective way to kill civilians . 
  germany is subject to some of the same restrictions that the us and the uk and france are . 
  if it acts or if it does n't act or if it acts in a particular way , as long as it makes thar decision individually , some people wo n't agree with it . 
  because there 's not a common foreign policy for the eu , the result is that the dispute winds up having to blame the state if one disagrees with a policy decision . 
  germany took a visible position on ukraine and on refugees , in part because france 's government had weaker public support . 
  and there were * furious * attacks on germany on this forum against germany over this , about how germany was bullying other countries or selling out to russia or throwing italy under the bus . 
  a propane tank is really a bomb . 
  between your sour grapes and painting a golden future and those from the brexit camp doing precisely the same thing on / r/ukpolitics , one might ask why none of the respective bureaucrats in the eu and uk specializing in this could see the huge benefits that seem to be so clear to you . 
  that seems like a recipe for resentment to me . 
  so ... [ apparently saint-denis - universit\u00e9 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/paris_metro_ligne_13.svg ) . 
  * [ wikipedia page for station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint-denis_%e2%80%93_universit%c3%a9 ) * and [ let 's go to google street view ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@48.9461551,2.364666,3a,75y,252.33h,77.31t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sai6-iiqhcijygpxice9rfg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  appears to be a transit center with buses . 
  i thought the putin dropped the `` no russian troops in ukraine '' denials about nine months ago after ukraine captured some of them ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/17/vladimir-putin-admits-russian-military-presence-ukraine  asked by a ukrainian reporter an hour into the briefing about two russian military intelligence officers captured by kiev and currently on trial in ukraine , putin said : `` we never said there were not people there who carried out certain tasks including in the military sphere . '' he insisted this was not the same as regular russian troops . 
  it used to be `` russia today '' and did some sort of rebranding . 
  you can see `` russia today '' on older videos . 
  i had guessed that it was to make it less immediately-obvious that it was associated with russia . 
  yeah ... what are the efforts to create it , though ? 
  i mean , i have seen an eu study analyzing uptake of an eu identity , so it 's clearly of interest , but i do n't see those identity-building efforts . 
  erasmus , i guess , but what else ? 
  what 's the `` darn , my heart swells when looking at that flag '' - producing sort of business ? 
  or are post-war taboos on that sort of thing so strong as to make that unacceptable ? 
  i 've seen people here take a very clinical , dispassionate , emotionless take on this sort of thing ( except turkey , i guess ) . 
  `` i do n't see why i should feel proud of simply coincidentally having been born somewhere . '', 
  it feels a bit forced , and i 'm wondering if it 's because people are have firmly adopted that position because they 've grave concerns about unleashing another wave of tribalism leading to destructive war in europe ... and that in making patriotism for country taboo , there 's been a similar stigma attached to patriotism for union . 
  there seem to be benefits of cohesion in that emotion . 
  if i were to propose that all emotion should be cut out of a marriage and it be reduced to a simple pragmatic affair , i think that people here would oppose that , saying that a marriage with emotion works better . 
  i 'd ask why the same logic can not extend to a country . 
  given that we 've evolved that sort of tribalism , it seems better to channel it in useful , non-destructive directions than to fight and suppress it . 
  no dispute , but it could be in sight of farms , or butting right up against calais , with the major international link between the uk and france being disrupted . 
  i 'm sympathetic to france not wanting to deal with them , but i strongly suspect that the harm to france is greater where they are than elsewhere . 
  and , again , the uk benefits and could be asked to help fund any detention operations of illegal immigrants detained at calais -- i suspect that brits would consider that worthwhile . 
   because neoliberal globalism has nothing to do with improving living conditions . 
  it 's got a pretty good correlation with it . 
  north korea is probably the most isolationist country out there and has a godawful standard of living . 
  the very fact that sanctions cause economic harm is a demonstration of how countries are worse off without that trade . 
  countries are n't presently required to accept people being deported to them . 
  you could put it at the least-damaging location . 
  if you say that things are so dire that extreme action is required and i look at a steadily-rising line showing things getting better , it seems reasonable for me to ask what it is that you 're referring to . 
   they are in no position to challenge anyone given their ( still ) economic backwardness . 
  as regards * political * positions on things in eu institutions ? 
  i do n't see why not , if there 's some point of disagreement . 
   why not germany 's blind willingness to follow america under merkel what , specifically , did you want the eu to do differently re : the us that it did n't do due to germany ? 
   ... idiotic utopias like the eu tend not to last , fortunately . 
  what makes the eu an `` idiotic utopia '' ? 
  if your answer is `` well , i disagree with < juncker/tusk/whoever  's particular political views '' , my response is going to be `` that does n't define what the eu is over time '' . 
  [ u s a !, 
  u s a !, 
  wooooooo !, 
  goooooo us !, 
  us # 1 wooooo !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncb3md8avd0 ) i 'm pretty comfortable with it . 
  hell , i think that if the eu had more of it , you 'd have less concern about member states splitting off or their publics being unwilling to support each other . 
  only problem i see is that nationalism has in the eu meant division between states , rather than affection for the eu as a whole . 
  just got ta broaden the scope a bit . 
   so we handle the inability of the eu to act by lowering its power more and more ? 
  what if : * there were a guantanamo bay/pacific solution/what-have-you approach set up by the eu to discourage unapproved economic migration . 
  * member states were given a veto or other brake control on immigration into other member states above some amount ( since due to eu citizenship status and potentially one day federalization , they have a huge common stake in the immigration policy of other countries , but currently no way to do anything ) . 
   blame the corrupt globalists who drove people to this point what , [ this point ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/composite/trends ) ? 
  times are pretty darn good today . 
   it 's a bad precedent for the british government to set , not the eu . 
  hmm . 
  yeah , okay , i guess i agree with you there . 
  i guess what i really want to say is that i do n't see it as being an justification for the eu to try and act as if a50 were triggered . 
    uk nationalism is a matter for the uk , not for the eu . 
    no it 's not . 
  if you 'd rationalize the eu effectively taking control of a member 's powers with the rationale of trying to address internal politics in a member , i wildly disagree . 
  the eu can be concerned about that , i suppose , but it 's not within the eu 's realm of authority .
