  i 'd also add that that 's seventy people , about eight times as many people as were involved in the paris attacks . 
   however should an attack occur in any other city in sweden i fear that they would n't get there fast enough . 
  well , seems like a valid concern . 
  again referring to wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_task_force  the national task force ( swedish : nationella insatsstyrkan , ni ) , formerly known as the national task force of the swedish civilian police ( swedish : ordningspolisens nationella insatsstyrka ) , is a special operations unit within the national operations department of the swedish police authority . 
  it is meant to handle extraordinarily difficult or life-threatening criminal situations , such as terrorism , hostage situations , armed kidnapping and serving high risk arrest warrants ** in cities too remote for the piketen in stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 to handle ** . 
  it also deals with emergency rescue situations that would be too dangerous or difficult for other police units or emergency services . 
  ni 's missions are identical to those of germany 's gsg 9 , french gign , british sco19 , irish eru and the fbi hrt in the united states . 
  [ 1 ] no numbers listed , though . 
   true , but even the regular police say that they are ill-prepared to face a terrorist attack . 
  sure , but they 're probably not just going to stand there , either . 
  you do what you can with what you have . 
  in the [ north hollywood shootout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout ) in los angeles , regular police were in a firefight with people with body armor and automatic weapons for quite some time . 
  when some guy [ stole a tank from an armory in san diego ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnuoukeigoo ) and started running things over , the police kept people away until it got stuck on a divider , then cut the hatch open with bolt cutters and shot the guy . 
  i 'm pretty sure that police in la and sd at the time could have been said to be `` poorly prepared '' for both situations , but they made do . 
  i 'm pretty sure that sweden 's police would do make do as well . 
   sweden is also poorly trained and equipped to deal with multiple attacks like the ones in paris . 
  if stockholm were hypothetically attacked by nine people a la paris , i 'm pretty sure that sweden could manage to scrape together the police force to deal with it , whether-or-not france would be better-positioned to do so . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piketen  piketen ( or piketenheten ) is a special operations asset of the swedish police authority , similar to the swat in the united states . 
  piketen is called upon when situations occur that are too dangerous for ordinary police to handle such as hostage situations , serving high-risk arrest warrants and confronting armed criminals . 
    piketen are stationed in the three largest cities of sweden : stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 but can by request be put to use nationwide all over sweden . 
  i do n't know how many are on-duty at one time in stockholm or what their response time would be like , but wikipedia says that there are 200 people . 
  if that 's an even split , it 'd be 60 people in stockholm , so six officers per person involved if there were nine perpetrators as in paris . 
  i suppose that some might not be on duty , but i do n't think that stockholm could n't deal with it . 
  i also doubt that non-piketen officers would simply be standing around . 
   7000 arrived since the deal . 
  what was the rate before and after the deal ? 
   for some reason none remembers that the rocket was launched from russian controlled shooting polygon and according to international rules it was russian responsibility to control air space over it . 
  in an occupation of part of ukraine that other countries do n't recognize , i suspect that ukraine is given legal responsibility . 
   if russia had any objections they should have voiced them in 1991 . 
  they did n't and thus they lost any `` claims '' they had to crimea . 
  their invasion and annexation were nothing more than unprovoked hostility and to call it skilfull is a disgrace . 
  more-broadly , if european countries started adopting the same approach , re-seizing land that once belonged to them , world war iii would kick off tomorrow . 
  [ hitler 's initial claims justifying annexation of the sudetenland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suxoerkjcey ) took the same approach . 
  it 's not a universalizable approach : countries start doing that and you 're going to wind up with an all-out brawl . 
  i * do * think that russia could have potentially acquired it ( or certainly some form of longer-term port rights at least ) via non-military pressure without provoking that kind of response , but trying to do a military seizure , an annexation of land in europe today ? 
  that 's asking for trouble : it violates the norms created first after world war ii and then during the cold war . 
  crashes into us nuclear non-proliferation concerns , eu credibility in not letting a country that they 're cutting deals with getting whacked , both us and european cold war concerns with russia , principles of the eu in not letting european wars kick off again , etc. 
  it 's just not a positive return . 
  besides , it antagonizes ukraine , which is hugely-politically-costly . 
  the only arguments i can think of in favor of russia moving in militarily : * nato may want refrain from defending * non * - nato nations to avoid killing the incentive to join nato -- you got ta contribute to the common defense to be defended . 
  * nato 's a defensive alliance -- a lot of countries did n't sign up to go scrap over something else . 
  that 's potentially a plausible argument against a military response , but not against other forms of involvement . 
  * were other countries to oppose russia , they 'd be going against a majority position in crimea . 
  might be so , but nobody out there , least of all russia ( * cough chechnya * ) is about to adopt the broader policy that states can be split up by other states getting a majority in one region in favor of splitting off before rolling their military in . 
  do that and any country can grab critical bits by buying people in some village along a vital waterway or so forth off . 
  not a viable way for the world to work , and everyone knows it . 
  i do n't think that military involvement in ukraine made sense for russia . 
  it burned bridges in ukraine , bridges which could have been politically-useful into the future for russia . 
  it isolated russia . 
  it cost russia economically . 
  it cost russia in international political influence . 
  it created conflict with the eu , which is important for russia to keep friendly . 
  there are a number of countries that have military clout out there with territorial disputes , and they are not , broadly-speaking , out seriously trying to annex land . 
  that means that they 've got a pretty good idea that the payoff is n't worth it . 
  and i do n't think that the situation here differs enough from the situation of other countries around the world to create a special case where it 's worthwhile for russia even * if * russia manages to hang onto land , which i 'd doubt . 
   my criticism is that russia 's pr strategy is shit . 
  i suppose that 's what you get when instead of the best man for the job you put in your friend/relative . 
  that 's kind of a pat answer . 
  the ussr ran [ successful disinformation campaigns before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_infektion ) , and unless you 're saying that the russian federation is particularly vulnerable to incompetence relative to the ussr , that seems like a stretch to me . 
  i do n't have a good explanation or understanding of why the long string of very thin explanations , but my [ best guess ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4gi2aj/russias_conspiracy_theories_on_who_shot_down_mh17/d2hz3u9 ) is that it was seen as reasonable to make the initial claim and then always more-awkward to retract than to propose another alternative . 
  i have n't really been following the saga , but here 's a guess : * at the time of the initial claim , remember that russia was arguing that it had no military hardware in the area and had committed to this . 
  this is a high-profile , on-international-news-everywhere incident that also acts as a smoking gun for that . 
  admit that the plane was shot down by russian hardware and you admit that you 've been putting weaponry into the area . 
  that 'd be a reason for making the initial claims . 
  * sunk cost . 
  if you deeply-commit to concrete claims for the `` it was n't a russian missile '' theory , put a lot of people 's credibility on the line , from defense contractors to media , it maybe becomes awkward to back out . 
  that 'd be a reason for the ongoing string of subsequent claims . 
  while i do n't know how it related to domestic politics , i still think that russia would have been better-off from an international standpoint just saying `` yeah , it was our missile , cost of war , mistakes happen '' . 
  i have a hard time imagining the damage from that being comparable to this . 
  i 'd say that countries which have experienced famines have tended to be those without market , capitalist economies . 
  that 's a fair point , though certainly the eu is one mechanism to accomplish that . 
  well , / u/skypl was saying that he was concerned how much things looked like the 1930s . 
  i wo n't promise you that world war iii wo n't happen someday . 
  i just am doubtful that we 're lined up for a replay of the 1930s into world war ii . 
    war is n't a terribly-good way to take capital goods in europe today   khm , khm , see russia . 
  yeah , i was wondering if someone would raise the point . 
  :-) however , ( a ) in the context of this discussion , probably not an issue , since it would n't be an intra-eu conflict ( unless you 're saying that the goal of the eu in warding off wwiii would n't be in avoiding long-term intra-member conflict but in scaring off russia ) , and ( b ) has putin made russia wealthier or poorer via attacking ukraine ? 
   while mainstream is , there are minor or no-so-minor parties voicing opinions pretty close to 1930s ' ones . 
  well , i assume that you 're referring to some parties being similar to the nsdap or the pnf . 
  which ? 
  because while i do n't follow european political parties closely , i 'm dubious about that , other than in that they 're right-wing -- it 's like calling any left-wing party sounding like stalin again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_fascist_party  italian fascism was rooted in italian nationalism and the desire to restore and expand italian territories , which italian fascists deemed necessary for a nation to assert its superiority and strength and to avoid succumbing to decay . 
  [ 3 ] italian fascists claimed that modern italy is the heir to ancient rome and its legacy , and historically supported the creation of an italian empire to provide spazio vitale ( `` living space '' ) for colonization by italian settlers and to establish control over the mediterranean sea . 
  [ 19 ]   italian fascism promoted a corporatist economic system whereby employer and employee syndicates are linked together in associations to collectively represent the nation 's economic producers and work alongside the state to set national economic policy . 
  [ 5 ] this economic system intended to resolve class conflict through collaboration between the classes . 
  [ 20 ] that does n't sound much to me like anything that 's significant today . 
  [ as for the nsdap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazism ) :  the german nazi party supported german irredentist claims to austria , alsace-lorraine , the region now known as the czech republic , and the territory known since 1919 as the polish corridor . 
  a major policy of the german nazi party was lebensraum ( `` living space '' ) for the german nation based on claims that germany after world war i was facing an overpopulation crisis and that expansion was needed to end the country 's overpopulation within existing confined territory , and provide resources necessary to its people 's well-being . 
  if there 's one thing that probably would n't stand up to a serious claim today , it 's excess population in europe . 
   in its racial categorisation , nazism viewed what it called the aryan race as the master race of the world -- a race that was superior to all other races . 
  it viewed aryans as being in racial conflict with a mixed race people , the jews , whom nazis identified as a dangerous enemy of the aryans . 
  it also viewed a number of other peoples as dangerous to the well-being of the aryan race . 
  in order to preserve the perceived racial purity of the aryan race , a set of race laws were introduced in 1935 which came to be known as the nuremberg laws . 
  at first these laws only prevented sexual relations and marriages between germans and jews , but were later extended to the `` gypsies , negroes , and their bastard offspring '' , who were described by the nazis as people of `` alien blood '' . 
  that a serious concern today ? 
   nazism rejected the marxist concept of internationalist class struggle , but supported `` class struggle between nations '' , and sought to resolve internal class struggle in the nation while it identified germany as a proletarian nation fighting against plutocratic nations . 
   hitler 's own opinion on the matter of women in nazi germany was that while other eras of german history experienced the development and liberation of the female mind , the national socialist goal was essentially singular in that they wished for them to produce a child . 
  [ 139 ] along this theme , hitler once remarked of women , `` with every child that she brings into the world , she fights her battle for the nation . 
  the man stands up for the volk , exactly as the woman stands up for the family . 
  '' [ 140 ] proto-natalist programs in nazi germany offered favourable loans and grants to encourage newlyweds with additional incentives for the birth of offspring .
