   recycle tea bags , which a council banned amid eu fears over spreading disease . 
  did the eu do this or a council ? 
   reclaim countryside from turbines and solar panels , built to meet eu targets . 
  i doubt that there are plans to throw out already-purchased panels . 
  i means , if these are the ten greatest grievances with the eu , they mostly seem kind of , well ... not important . 
  maybe the fishing is a big deal , but other than that ... 
  no , i mean , i ca n't imagine that this was intended to appear to be threatening to the us . 
  russia could do things that would look threatening , but posting ten thousand guys to about the most remote place they could be based really does not look like an attempt to look threatening to my layman 's eyes . 
  it 's not at all clear to me that this as extensive as described . 
  it would clearly charge , say , google news , which has snippets of the original article . 
  one interpretation of this is that it would also apply to a link , but that seems to be the interpretation based on the fact that there is n't an explicit exemption for text below a certain amount . 
  normally , in the us , something like an excerpt is normally available under fair use . 
  it would n't be legit to reproduce a whole article ( the way the bots on this sub encourage ) , but that 's an already existing exemption , a ` lnd i 'm sure that european countries have equivalents . 
  is it clear that such a pre-existing exception does n't apply ? 
  because i do n't believe for a moment that the eu would intentionally outlaw , for example , using headlines to refer to an article , and that 's all that a link really has to do . 
  you might still feel that this is a bad policy , sure , but ... 
  if you take the `` continuation of world war i '' approach , it goes back to 1914 in serbia ... 
  serbia had just engaged in genocide when we stood back . 
  not in sufficient quantity to be terribly meaningful for a full exchange of weapons . 
  the ( human-operated ) automobile started at that speed . 
  it got faster . 
  this can be seen as a conservative floor . 
  they took the earliest design that they considered safe and started its use . 
  if you want 1750s style production , it 's possible , but it 's intertwined with a 1750s standard of living . 
  no dispute , but moving to more efficient processes is how the wealth if human society is increased . 
  i 'll concede that we may not yet understand how best to transition people , but ... 
  would n't it be possible to leverage the finnish proximity loophole where finns * are * comfortable with others near to hand as long as everyone involved is naked and sweating like mad ? 
  surely those busses could be converted to driverless , mobile saunas ? 
  they can leave . 
  they just ca n't leave to australia . 
  they 're free to go ... but it has to be home rather than to australia . 
  they can also move around nauru ... but there 's no rich economy waiting there . 
   the government states that under the visa arrangement , if the government of nauru makes a positive refugee determination , that asylum seeker can then remain on nauru but leave the detention centre , or he or she can move to a safe third country ( that is n't australia ) . 
  if a case goes the other way , the asylum seeker is to remain in the detention centre until appeals are exhausted and the asylum seeker is removed from nauru . 
  the government has argued there is nothing to stop asylum seekers leaving voluntarily , and said as of july 13 this year , 81 asylum seekers had left to go to countries other than australia . 
   we ca n't take in their best people , because that would be a huge brain drain . 
  you 're more generous than i would be . 
  i think that skilled immigration is great . 
  i 'd call australia civilized . 
  i doubt it . 
  i mean ... what 's the risk to the us ? 
  some uninhabited wilderness preserve way off in the ocean gets someone camping on it ? 
  it seems militarily irrelevant . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duck_and_cover  within a considerable radius from the surface of the nuclear fireball , 0 -- 3 kilometers -- largely depending on the explosion 's height , yield and position of personnel -- ducking and covering would offer negligible protection against the intense heat , blast and prompt ionizing radiation following a nuclear explosion . 
  beyond that range , however , many lives would be saved by following the simple advice , [ 31 ] especially since at that range the main hazard is not from ionizing radiation but from blast injuries and sustaining thermal flash burns to unprotected skin . 
  [ 30 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] furthermore , following the bright flash of light of the nuclear fireball , the explosion 's blast wave would take from first light , 7 to 10 seconds to reach a person standing 3 km from the surface of the nuclear fireball , with the exact time of arrival being dependent on the speed of sound in air in their area . 
  [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] the time delay between the moment of an explosions flash and the arrival of the slower moving blast wave is analogous to the commonly experienced time delay between the observation of a flash of lightning and the arrival of thunder during a lightning storm , thus at the distances that the advice would be most effective , there would be more than ample amounts of time to take the prompt countermeasure of ` duck and cover ' against the blast 's direct effects and flying debris . 
  [ 38 ] for very large explosions it can take 30 seconds or more , after the silent moment of flash , for a potentially dangerous blast wave over-pressure to arrive at , or hit , your position . 
  [ 39 ] [ snip ]  in the testimony of dr. hiroshi sawachika , although he was sufficiently far away from the hiroshima bomb himself and not behind a pane of window glass when the blast wave arrived , those in his company who were had serious blast injury wounds , with broken glass and pieces of wood stuck into them . 
  [ 58 ]   according to the 1946 book hiroshima and other books which cover both bombings , [ 59 ] in the days between the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki , some survivors of the first bombing went to nagasaki and told others what they had done to survive after the initial flash and informed them about the particularly dangerous threat of imploding window glass . 
  as a result of this timely warning , a number of lives were saved in the initial blast at nagasaki . 
  however these informed people were the exception and in both hiroshima and nagasaki many died while searching the skies , curious to locate the source of the brilliant flash . 
  [ 59 ]   when people are indoors , running to windows to investigate the source of bright flashes in the sky still remains a common and natural response to experiencing a bright flash . 
  thus , although the advice to duck and cover is over half a century old , ballistic glass lacerations caused the majority of the 1000 human injuries following the chelyabinsk meteor air burst of february 15 , 2013 . 
  [ 20 ]   the dangers of viewing explosions behind window glass was known of before the atomic age began , being a common source of injury and death from large chemical explosions . 
  in the accidental halifax explosion of 1917 , an ammunition ship exploding with the force of roughly 2.9 kilotons of tnt , [ 22 ] and injured the eyes and faces of hundreds of people who looked out of their windows after seeing a bright flash . 
  every window in the city of halifax , nova scotia , was shattered . 
  [ 23 ]   during the 2013 chelyabinsk meteor explosion , a fourth-grade teacher in chelyabinsk , yulia karbysheva , saved 44 children from potentially life-threatening ballistic window glass cuts by ordering them to hide under their desks when she saw the flash . 
  despite not knowing the origin of the intense flash of light , she ordered her students to execute a duck and cover drill . 
  ms. karbysheva , who herself did not duck and cover but remained standing , was seriously lacerated when the explosion 's blast wave arrived , and window glass blew in , severing a tendon in one of her arms ; however , not one of her students , who she ordered to hide under their desks , suffered a cut . 
  [ 60 ] a follow up study of the effects of the meteor airburst determined that the windows most prone to breaking when exposed to a blast overpressure are those of school buildings , which tend to be large in area . 
   was also political act designed to undermine the irish government 's reaction domestically . 
  is n't the eu allowed to do this ? 
  hmm . 
  okay , so the campaign happens . 
  after that , how would you have preferred to have dealt with the situation ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  which piece of the us are you saying is 53 miles from japan ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre  in 2005 , kofi annan , then secretary-general of the united nations described the mass murder as the worst crime on european soil since the second world war , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] and in a message to the tenth anniversary commemoration of the massacre , he wrote that , while blame lay `` first and foremost with those who planned and carried out the massacre and those who assisted and harboured them '' , the un had `` made serious errors of judgement , rooted in a philosophy of impartiality '' , describing srebrenica as a tragedy that would haunt the history of the un forever . 
  [ 2 ]   in 2006 , in the bosnian genocide case held before the international court of justice , serbia and montenegro was cleared of direct responsibility for , or complicity in , the massacre , but was found responsible for not doing enough to prevent the genocide and not prosecuting those responsible , in breach of thegenocide convention . 
  the preliminary list of people missing or killed in srebrenica compiled by the bosnian federal commission of missing persons contains 8,373 names . 
  [ 1 ] as of july 2012 , 6,838 genocide victims have been identified through dna analysis of body parts recovered from mass graves ; [ 30 ] as of july 2013 , 6,066 victims have been buried at the memorial centre of poto\u010dari . 
  [ 31 ]   in april 2013 , serbian president tomislav nikoli\u0107officially apologised for the massacre , although he stopped short of calling it genocide . 
  [ 32 ] in 2013 and 2014 , the netherlands was found liable in its own supreme court and in the hague district court of failing in its duty to prevent more than 300 of the deaths . 
  [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] on 8 july 2015 , russia vetoed , by request of the republika srpska and serbia , a un resolution condemning the srebrenica massacre as genocide , serbia calling the resolution `` anti-serb '' . 
  [ 38 ] [ 39 ] on 9 july 2015 , both members of the european parliament ( ep ) and house of representatives of the u.s. congress adopted resolutions on srebrenica reaffirming the description of the crime as genocide . 
  [ 40 ] [ 41 ] the world was n't going to permit a repeat of this business . 
  we had n't acted for the first event . 
   this path was n't taken maybe there could have been some alternative to avoid a repeat , true . 
   90 % support international law does n't thumbs-up taking chunks of countries based on popular support for that independence in part of that country . 
  you ca n't do it in crimea or in the balkans or in finland , and we ca n't do it in chechnya . 
  hmm . 
  quotes : guns : * a strong body makes the mind strong . 
  as to the species of exercises , i advise the gun . 
  while this gives moderate exercise to the body , it gives boldness , enterprise and independence to the mind . 
  games played with the ball , and others of that nature , are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind . 
  let your gun therefore be your constant companion of your walks . 
  freedom of the press : * our liberty depends on the freedom of the press , and that can not be limited without being lost . 
  * the basis of our government being the opinion of the people , the very first object should be to keep that right ; and were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers , or newspapers without a government , i should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter . 
  but i should mean that every man should receive those papers and be capable of reading them . 
  european governments ( admittedly , of the time ) : * experience declares that man is the only animal which devours his own kind ; for i can apply no milder term to the governments of europe , and to the general prey of the rich on the poor . 
  * i am convinced that those societies ( as the indians ) which live without government enjoy in their general mass an infinitely greater degree of happiness than those who live under the european governments . 
  * when we get piled upon one another in large cities , as in europe , we shall become corrupt as in europe . 
  on debt : * i say , the earth belongs to each of these generations during its course , fully and in its own right . 
  the second generation receives it clear of the debts and incumbrances of the first , the third of the second , and so on . 
  for if the first could charge it with a debt , then the earth would belong to the dead and not to the living generation . 
  then , no generation can contract debts greater than may be paid during the course of its own existence . 
  on the benefits of annexing canada : * we shall divert through our own country a branch of commerce which the european states have thought worthy of the most important struggles and sacrifices , and in the event of peace ... we shall form to the american union a barrier against the dangerous extension of the british province of canada and add to the empire of liberty an extensive and fertile country thereby converting dangerous enemies into valuable friends . 
  on the french language : * with respect to modern languages , french , as i have before observed , is indispensible . 
  on war : * war is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong ; and multiplies , instead of indemnifying losses on having children and immigration : * the new census shews our increase to be in the geometrical ratio of 3\u00a01/6 pr .
