  nato is a comparatively-loose bond . 
  nations are permitted to leave it if they want to do so without any serious penalties , just a year of delay ( which ... is in official terms more-restrictive than leaving the eu , but in practical terms a lot easier , because it does n't mean going through all the brexit-style economic and legal untangling ) . 
  that 's not a huge problem for the us , but it could be for lithuania , where a year would not be a lot of time to set up a viable replacement . 
  my suspicion is that for lithuania , having more-restrictive constraints would be of value . 
  my guess is that something that would be more-practical for nato as a `` tighter '' institution would be : * a time-to-leave increase from one year to , say , three to five years . 
  * obtaining more-explicit guarantees from article 5 . 
  article 5 leaves a lot of wiggle room ( ditto for the eu mutual assistance pact ) . 
  * obtaining a less-than-article-5-level set of security guarantees . 
  article 4 provides even fewer constraints . 
  right now , members * need * do very little . 
  the baltics have asked for garrisoning from a spread of other countries , a tripwire force , as a mechanism to help ensure commitments . 
  whether-or-not garrisoning is the most-effective way to do this ( and i think that it 's not a bad solution , and was an advocate for that ) , this is a legitimate concern and is presently done entirely on a goodwill basis . 
  the baltics would want something more-binding in place . 
  members should not need to horse-trade , the way poland and the uk were doing , to feel reasonably secure . 
  * mandatory minimum funding . 
  this one is , imho , a legitimate us gripe -- and while trump may not be raising it very well , i think that the point , that the idea is that the thing should be a * partnership * , is a legitimate concern . 
  there are always going to be issues about gaming the books and appearing to be spending more than one really is ( though conscription * is n't * on the books afaik and probably is n't counted for as much as it should be , since people are working below market rate ) . 
  however , i refuse to believe that it 's * impossible * to come up with a measure that 's better than nothing-at-all . 
  nato currently does n't require much of its members in terms of maintaining a viable military , and is subject to the [ free-rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) . 
  but without those changes , i 'm not sure that the concerns of all members would be fully-addressed . 
  my other concern is that -- and i understand that you may feel very differently about this -- my belief is that the eu is probably better-off across the board as a federation . 
  the us had federation work very well for it , and i think that it addressed many of the issues that the eu runs into . 
  obviously , some members intensely disagree with me on this point , and it is true that there have been some confederations in history as well . 
  politically , an external threat requiring members to band together for defense is a strong catalyst for federalism . 
  a major early us federalist concern was that with the threat of the british empire invading gone , we might never manage to get over the political hump in moving from confederation to federation -- slavery , religion , and other disagreements would cause the states to never federalize . 
  there may not * be * a better political opportunity to sell eu federalism than there is now -- suppose russia breaks up ( unlikely ) , stops spatting with the eu ( i think that in the long run , a near-certainty ) , or we get a less-erratic figure in office ( very likely ) . 
  today , the eu is a confederation . 
  while it 's not a * requirement * of being a federation , it has a lot of veto-based decision making , which is a much stronger bias towards inactivity than the member countries have . 
  members have the ability to walk out the door at will , which poses serious concerns every time another euroskeptic party shows up . 
  what happens if , say , euroskeptics figure out a way to push through a french brexit-style referendum ? 
  or germans ? 
  or italians ? 
  the prospect of any portion of the eu abruptly vanishing is a real constraint on what members can do in terms of trusting that , say , infrastructure , military forces , institutions , and so forth in other countries will continue to be available . 
  my belief is that the lack of fiscal transfers and a common old age pension system will continue to cause people to flood out of the poorer eu members and head to wealthier ones , leaving the poorer members with substantial liabilities . 
  how are these to be addressed without federalism , and if they can not be , how is federalism to be achieved without such a catalyst ? 
  i do , broadly-speaking , think that the `` eu army '' existing before a common foreign policy is impractical , but ... 
  what is your preferred route as regards lithuania 's security guarantees ? 
  both can produce nuclear weapons . 
   there is no european people because there is no federal europe . 
  chicken and the egg , eh ? 
  well , he was a lot more polite . 
  i personally liked him more . 
  i think that he was a lot more interested in policy than trump and more of an idealist . 
  i think , though , that the major concern that 's been raised here would be trump bailing on nato in one way or another . 
  paul [ opposed letting the countries that joined nato in 2004 and 2009 join , though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbpxoskrgx8 ) , and i do n't expect that they 'd be dramatically-more appreciative of the position . 
  not unless france and the uk have disappeared . 
  clean coal is a major political concept over here , has been for a long time . 
  trump did n't invent it . 
  deals with stuff like sulfur and mercury , not carbon dioxide . 
   unelected russian , putin is sort of elected . 
  well , i suddenly feel more upbeat . 
  given the context of complaining about trump 's non-interventionist statements , that 's perhaps not the most-inspiring quote ever . 
  in the quote in full , i believe that churchill was in part chastising the us for not being involved ( which was a major foreign policy goal of his for the next eighteen months ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n89cpc4vl60&amp;t=10m16s  i have , myself , full confidence that if all do their duty , if nothing is neglected , and if the best arrangements are made , as they are being made , we shall prove ourselves once again able to defend our island home , to ride out the storm of war , and to outlive the menace of tyranny , if necessary for years ... ** if necessary , alone ** [ emphasis churchill 's ] . 
  at any rate , that is what we are going to try to do . 
  that is the resolve of his majesty 's government-every man of them . 
  that is the will of parliament and the nation . 
  the british empire and the french republic , linked together in their cause and in their need , will defend to the death their native soil , aiding each other like good comrades to the utmost of their strength . 
  even though large tracts of europe and many old and famous states have fallen or may fall into the grip of the gestapo and all the odious apparatus of nazi rule , we shall not flag or fail . 
  we shall go on to the end , we shall fight in france , we shall fight on the seas and oceans , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our island , whatever the cost may be , we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender , and even if , which i do not for a moment believe , this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving , then our empire beyond the seas , armed and guarded by the british fleet , would carry on the struggle , ** until , in god 's good time , the new world , with all its power and might , steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old ** . 
   after brexit and trumpwin i can even see a front national win in france . 
  ... how does * that * logic work ? 
  why do french voters care ? 
  let 's say that we had elected rand paul . 
  who would france vote for for their government then ? 
  i 'd go further than that . 
  instead of `` being a mini ambassador '' just talking directly to whoever it is ... imagine that every public statement they make involving another country is a quote that can be provided out-of-context in stories by whoever wants to sow discord between you and someone else . 
  that 's not going to go over very well over here with the public when they get quoted in the media . 
  same thing with the uk 's parliamentary debate on banning trump not going over well with his supporters . 
  remember a while back when russia 's ambassador to the uk posted that cartoon to twitter showing the eu as a bunch of ineffectual and nervous little pigs scolding a strong , flexing bear ? 
  and you guys got kinda irked ? 
  it could be that that is * exactly * how that ambassador felt about the eu , to the very depths of his soul , but he sure as hell did n't need to say it . 
  * dutch referendum * brexit * trump i 'm pretty sure that ukraine is getting tired of people `` sticking it to the man '' ... 
  congress just authorizes the president to act -- once that leash has been removed , he 's the one who actually controls almost all foreign affairs issues , including military matters . 
  he can attack and occupy anything for up to sixty days even under the war powers resolution without any declaration . 
  and it 'd be essentially impossible to force a truly intransigent president to act on something that he did not want to do -- the us president is quite powerful compared to , say , a pm on this matter . 
   and a secession isnt against international law nope , the issue in kosovo was blocking ethnic cleansing and genocide . 
  russia wanted really badly to use that as a justification , but could n't produce a solid argument -- i imagine that 's why all the nonsensical references to nazism in the area . 
  yes , the lira would weaken , but i do n't see why that would be an issue -- that 's the point of having a floating currency , that it can strengthen or weaken , so that a country 's trade equilibrium can self-maintain without needing to lay people off or reduce wages or have companies go under . 
  if a country wanted to have a very strong currency , they could ban imports and only allow exports . 
  they 'd have a terribly-strong currency , so much that their labor would be so expensive that it would reach levels where eventually nobody would be willing to buy any of their exports . 
  but they 'd have a lower standard of living than would be the case if their currency were able to float freely to maintain that balance of trade . 
  i certainly think that they are economically-advantageous to all members . 
   he said he will put a supreme judge that is against aborption . 
  just this is going to send back the us 50 years behind . 
  on some sort of universally-agreed-upon continuum of movement down which societies progress ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't see any compelling reason to get rid of abortion . 
  but there have been many cases where people in the past have decided that they 're marching down an inexorable path towards the future society and that all countries must trod this path , the only variable being how far they are down it . 
  two of those progressive trails that got lopped off were prohibition of alcohol/other substances and use of eugenics . 
  history has n't had countries walk that single straight path . 
  china , for example , demonstrates that a country can be politically-repressive and still run a market economy . 
  [ apparently not ] ( https://www.gov.uk/check-british-citizen/y/before-1-january-1983/no/no ) . 
   why , russia rented the harbour till 2047 . 
  just leave them their . 
  the issue is n't over the port 's lease ( well , ultimately maybe renewal , down the line ) , but over crimea as a whole . 
  crimea is n't simply a port . 
  you 're talking about ten thousand square miles of land . 
   anyways their referendum said they want to be part of russia . 
  for the same reason that no country can start peeling off parts of another . 
  here 's a couple of points : * it 's not international law that parts of countries can unilaterally break away .
