    etymology : modern political sense dates from world war i , not originally pejorative . 
   i imagine that the tires are much harder to hit than the motor ... [ ca n't be that hard ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/story/2007/04/21/82-year-old-ex-beauty-queen-stops-intruder-by-shooting-out-tires.html ) . 
  i am not convinced that this is not some sort of mistranslation . 
  i 'd say that that would be a bad idea . 
  * some of the reason that a country would accept nato is that it 's just a military alliance and does n't dig into politics and domestic issues . 
  this is very much an internal political dispute , a question of political will . 
  getting tied up with immigration policy and the relationship of eu member states with the eu is certain to antagonize whoever is on the other side of that issue . 
  * the eu has explicitly made a decision to adopt its present border control policy , for good or for ill . you ca n't ` appeal ' eu 's decisions to nato . 
  you unhappy with the eu 's decision , there 's an existing route to address it -- change the eu . 
  * i do n't know what europe 's restrictions are like , but the us explicitly bans the federal government from using the army to enforce law-and-order in the us , short of an outright rebellion happening , via the [ posse comitatus act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posse_comitatus_act ) . 
  if there are european equivalents , this would crash into those . 
  * military probably is n't as * good * at this as police . 
  the military is trained to fight wars . 
  its expertise is not in keeping situations from escalating , safely-subduing people , and so forth . 
  i would say that a military is very likely less-effective than police at working within a police realm of expertise . 
  * putting military , especially * foreign * military , in a law enforcement capacity is risky . 
  someone gets hurt or killed , it becomes an international incident . 
  if nato members want to request assistance outside of nato channels from other nato members , that 's one thing , though i honestly doubt that it would make sense here . 
  but i really do n't think that nato is the right route for this . 
   we need to let go of greece , it is beyond salvaging . 
  even assuming that this is the case and that you would n't mind the impact on greece , keep in mind that it would harm your own credibility : if member countries feel that they might be thrown under the bus at any point , they may be less-willing to extend trust themselves . 
  trust is a pretty useful grease for making policies work . 
  if the uk wanted to counter-assassinate people in russia , they could have done so long ago . 
  russia is no more proof against assassinations than the uk or any other country : it is simply the respect extended to other sovereign powers that prevents people from being killed off . 
  the point is that starting up an assassination war in the modern world is disadvantageous to governments around the world . 
  it would establish as a new norm a norm that we do n't want to have . 
  through the cold war , the ussr refrained from assassinating people in the west , and the west refrained from assassinating people in the ussr . 
  that was n't due to altruism , but because it would open a box that nobody wanted opened . 
   on his deathbed , mr litvinenko told his 12-year-old son , anatoly to look after his mother and `` defend britain to his last drop because it had saved his family '' . 
  that 's a lot to lay on a twelve-year-old . 
  when there is a supply chain , and a monopoly at one point in the supply chain , a big whack of the profit generated is probably going to go to that monopoly . 
  there are many app developers and one apple , and apple has a lot of control over the market . 
   it is still unclear whether the kremlin is indeed ready for a complete retreat from the war-devastated donbas , which has no economic value for russia and incurs heavy political , financial and military costs . 
  [ the benchmark set was crimea , not donbas ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2015/03/238897.htm ) . 
  edit : hmm . 
  both the eu and the us appear to have a set of `` crimea sanctions '' and a set of `` donbas sanctions '' , so at least some would be lifted in a withdrawal from donbas . 
   that would outright nuke whatever cripples of economy we have . 
  de-idling workers would tend to generate more economic activity . 
  it would mean that people would be less-able to demand higher wages for jobs with inelastic demand , and maybe that would be less egalitarian , but `` less egalitarian '' is n't normally what someone means when he 's talking about the strength of an economy . 
  it will also tend to increase what europe produces -- remember , someone who is doing work is getting something done that otherwise would n't be done . 
  while i kind of regret phrases like a `` healthy economy '' or a `` strong economy '' in that it makes what should be a science prescriptive , it does increase economic efficiency , which is probably the closest thing there is to a consensus `` good thing '' . 
  i 've seen a number of news sources , like the * new york times * or the * huffington post * , condemning european countries for poor treatment of refugees ( this author also has `` film explores what it would be like if europeans were refugees in the middle east '' ) . 
  i have not seen similar articles from these authors calling for , say , the us to take in half . 
  that does seem to be a touch hypocritical . 
  if they were writing articles like `` the us should take in 600,000 middle east/north african migrants per year and additionally there should be a minimum bar set on treatment in both the us and eu '' , i 'd find the articles to be a bit more credible . 
  i would n't agree with the argument , but at least i could see the moral demand as being a consistent one . 
  < shrug  perhaps scandinavians have n't had any problems until now . 
  they did n't . 
  it 's been there for two years . 
   i 'd ideally like to see state funding for religious schools stop in the uk and a firmer secular line taken , with regards to government policy and state-funded services in general . 
  few things will so-firmly turn someone against a government as a firm believer being blocked from his religion by that government . 
  a core element of probably all successful religions is raising your children within the religion . 
  while i understand why that would not be politically-acceptable , it does make sense from an economic standpoint if the market value of someone 's labor is below present minimum wage levels . 
  otherwise , they really are going to sit there doing nothing . 
  i do n't think that it 's really the political position . 
  / r/politics turned into simple political advocacy . 
  i do n't mean that it has a bias , but that none of its material is something that someone would * want * to read -- it 's just political ads . 
  right now , it 's pro-sanders , anti-clinton ads . 
  it 's literally like looking at an unending series of advertisements . 
  i could n't stand being immersed in this even if i loved whatever candidate it was advertising . 
  / r/worldnews 's problem is that it developed into mostly kneejerk gut reactions and jokes . 
  the comments have very little information or thought put into them . 
  a number of people on here complain that / r/worldnews has a left-bias . 
  i do n't see that -- i think that it tends to be prone to conspiracy theory . 
  / r/europe swung from pro-eu-federalism , people rabidly downvoting anything un-politicially-correct , criticism of any military action , and paranoia about ttip with a sprinkling of black-flagged anarchists saying that capitalism was sending the world to hell ( which i guess is left/center-left europe ? ), 
  to anti-federalism , people downvoting anything positive about refugees , getting really worked up about any sexual misbehavior of refugees , references to the glory days of < particular eu member  , and posting angry stuff about russia and whatever-political-leader-has-done-something-that-they-don ` t-like ( which i guess is right europe ? ) . 
  for a while , it was getting overwhelmed by people venting ( i.e. 
  something relating to refugees happens , and most comments consist of low content , sarcastic `` i am horribly shocked by this '' or similar ) . 
  however , / r/europe has actual useful information come up in its comments and submissions -- people talk about trade , economics , law , give perspectives from their country , etc. 
  / r/worldnews is just ... mostly fluff and kneejerk reactions , not what someone would learn anything from . 
  / r/politics is unreadable , like a 24/7 advertisements channel . 
  / r/politics is much , much worse than either . 
  first , iirc not all of it was subject to sunset provisions . 
  [ second , it only expired for one day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriot_act ) :  following a lack of congressional approval , parts of the patriot act expired on june 1 , 2015 . 
  [ 4 ] with the passage of the usa freedom act on june 2 , 2015 the expired parts were restored and renewed through 2019 . 
  that was an eerie experience . 
   oh wow you can really see the german police bothering about this one . 
  only 1 arrest in 20 days , i do n't think that that 's a good metric of how much a police department cares about something . 
  germany can not unilaterally increase the supply of the euro . 
  i want a scoreboard showing ability to actually predict defaults based on prior predictions . 
  i wish someone would make a table explaining all the variants of germans . 
   the statement comes as germany 's fm said closing the country 's borders is not a solution . 
  he 's right . 
  unless you 're going to build a whole lot more by way of fortifications and guards and sensors and all that , borders are going to be porous . 
  if you want to travel illegally from country-to-country on foot , you 're going to avoid border crossings . 
  what it will do is stop all the people traveling legitimately . 
   everyone knows exactly what to do and how to save it . 
  i do n't . 
  fair enough . 
  / r/scandinavianproblems, 
  as i recall , the only association with industrial espionage there was based on the fact that a criteria was all business deals in excess of some amount were being reported , not that that information was being transfered to us companies somehow . 
  tracking large financial transactions is also useful for things like controlling weapons proliferation . 
  that might be grounds for looking for possible industrial espionage , since that * is * something that that information could be used for , but it itself does n't show it . 
   the concept of the minimum wage is already flexible in certain countries , including germany . 
  here , refugees can join the list of the long term unemployed , who do not qualify for the minimum wage until they have complete six months of employment . 
    an advantage of this measure , according to the imf , is `` to reduce any possible resentment '' from the citizens of the host countries , who may otherwise see the refugees as direct competitors for jobs in europe 's under-performing labour market . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't quite understand how reducing the minimum wage will make refugees appear to be less competition or reduce resentment . 
  most european countries are net oil importers . 
  low oil should be advantageous .
