  but they extended two senate votes to west virginia in exchange for that , and i ca n't say with any certainty that the wrong decision was made there . 
   what is the purpose of freezing everyone in time , living where people did in medieval times ? 
  if the economy 's needs are elsewhere -- and it seems terribly unlikely to me that they would remain fixed in stone -- why is n't it a good thing for people to move to address those new needs ? 
  this is shorthand for saying `` people should be doing what other people need done '' . 
  well ... then you see why the `` people do n't serve the economy , the economy serves people '' would n't be a simple counterargument to permitting changes in industry even where they disadvantage workers in that industry , yes ? 
  yes . 
  but people do n't simply interact with the economy via laboring in it . 
  it 's what produces all the things that we need from day-to-day . 
  and , simply put , the uk -- and thus every person in the uk who used coal for heating or bought products made by an industry that used coal -- had the ability to obtain coal more-efficiently , and thus more-cheaply , than was the case from uk-based mining . 
  i could , theoretically , pay far more for internet access than i do today . 
  the price could be so high that it could be intensely-painful for me to pay , that i 'd give to give up a great deal in other things . 
  that would potentially be very advantageous to linemen -- they could make more money , not need to worry about the industry shrinking , and so forth . 
  but it would be disadvantageous to everyone else , as they want to use the internet and do things with it -- hence , we do n't set things up to pay that far-larger amount . 
  and that 's because , as you pointed out -- the economy serves them . 
  that was one assessment of that intelligence . 
  you 've also no shortage of people who did feel that it crossed the bar . 
  surely they had polling data on this before the referendum ? 
  why would the referendum have changed anything ? 
  i disagree . 
  they were wrong , but not through intent . 
  they just went over this in the uk . 
  well , we 've done that , and that i 'm more sympathetic to , but we [ have n't had success with our efforts to date ] ( https://psmag.com/where-should-all-the-coal-miners-go-56b63b74b3a7#.c1j9d7dms ) :  in the intervening 50 years , a variety of training programs have emerged to assist dislocated workers . 
  these programs are politically popular and generally enjoy bipartisan support . 
  after all , what politician , liberal or conservative , ca n't get behind an effort to help americans get back to work ? 
    unfortunately , most of those job re-training programs have n't been very effective . 
    `` i think it 's fair to say we have n't been able to figure out what to do for the dislocated workers , '' says burt barnow , an economist at george washington university . 
  `` and it 's kind of a puzzle because these are people who have worked , they generally have skills , they 've had a long career . ''   in 2004 , the department of labor funded a comprehensive , independent evaluation of the trade adjustment assistance program ( taa ) . 
  the taa , which was first established by the trade act of 1974 , offers a variety of resources -- re-employment services , job re-training , and financial benefits -- to workers who have lost their jobs due to increased competition from imports . 
    the evaluation , which was conducted by mathematica policy research and social policy research associations , tracked taa recipients for a four-year period after job loss . 
  it found no significant benefits from job re-training ; training recipients reported similar employment rates and slightly lower earnings than a comparison group of workers ineligible for taa benefits . 
  ( the picture was slightly rosier for younger workers , who were more likely to report comparable earnings and to have `` caught up '' to the earnings and employment rates of the comparison group 's workers . ), 
    `` in the initial two years after job loss , the taa participants were a lot more likely to be involved in training , and less likely to be working than similar workers who were not eligible for the taa benefits , '' says jill berk , associate director of human services research at mathematica . 
  `` at the end of our four-year period , we found that the taa participants had pretty much caught up in terms of employment -- their earnings were still a little lower than the comparison workers who had not been eligible for taa services . '' edit : as i see it , there are several responses : * try and use protectionist trade policy to freeze the industry that is n't actually needed any more in place as a way of welfare for the workers . 
  i am not enthusiastic about this . 
  it is inefficient and it gets in the way of moving to whatever the economy does want . 
  furthermore , it 's a profoundly-inefficient way to subsidize those workers -- the industry in general can scoop up the money , since there simply is n't demand for those jobs . 
  the whole point of having a market environment is that the businesses are expendable , can die off if they are n't producing what the world needs . 
  * let the unnecessary industry die , let people move to other industries , not involvement required . 
  this is the ideal market , where everyone 's fluid , but in practice , people are not as good at moving around as one would hope . 
  might be lack of confidence , lack of education in the given field , the sheer overwhelming nature of switching industries , and for older workers , the lower return present in retraining to work a smaller number of years . 
  * subsidize re-training programs . 
  sounds great . 
  results have been pretty bad thus far . 
  * put people on welfare ( in the us , [ this often translates to disability fraud ] ( http://apps.npr.org/unfit-for-work/ ) , since you ca n't permanently stay on unemployment ) . 
  people have a tendency to not come back off it . 
  * provide better job-hunting assistance . 
  this would work more if it 's simply the prospect of job-hunting after decades at one company that 's overwhelming -- it scares everyone . 
  * i suppose that it might make sense to have the government put the companies in specific industries in some sort of `` phase-out '' plan . 
  this would be like bankruptcy , but in reverse -- the state manages the company with the full expectation that the company will die . 
  no new hires are allowed , and the only expectation is to phase out remaining workers . 
  the problem is that * every * company would want to demand this status rather than going out of business -- i think that you 'd wind up with a huge number of less-than-enthusiastic people just going through the motions in hundreds of dying hulks . 
  also , the people who want these subsidies are typically reasonably well-paid -- not wealthy , no , but it 's hard to ask for the less-well-off to subsidize them , in much the same way that i 've seen estonians on here object to the prospect of subsidizing , say , a greek standard of living . 
  what i 'm commenting on is that it seems to be a * single * element , and then everything else gets ignored to the exclusion of that . 
  well , what would your `` good elite '' involve ? 
   we americans borrowed the colors but made an entirely new design with stars that represented the new states , which were the original english colonies , of course . 
  entirely new design ? 
  * [ the grand union flag , the first national us flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_union_flag ) * corporate flag of the [ british east india company ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/flag_of_the_british_east_india_company_%281801%29.svg ), 
  a leader , one might add , running on * french nationalism * . 
  incomplete information , my friend . 
  the case for wmds was overstated but not unreasonable . 
   most of the competent politicians in the tory party backed remain , so they 've been on the back foot since then . 
  see , i do n't get this . 
  why ? 
  if their * party * was out of power , that 's be one thing . 
  but it 's not , so why should politicians internally be weakened ? 
  what is the purpose of freezing everyone in time , living where people did in medieval times ? 
  if the economy 's needs are elsewhere -- and it seems terribly unlikely to me that they would remain fixed in stone -- why is n't it a good thing for people to move to address those new needs ? 
  i mean , i can understand a `` london 's housing policies are idiotic and need to change to permit for more affordable housing '' . 
  but i do n't understand a `` the leader of the country should fight technological change and try to force economic demand to exist the the same places where it always has '' position . 
   i was surprised when i realised how thatcher was hated . 
  all discussions on her topic that i 've seen were very emotional and had very little do to with rational argumentation . 
  i always thought british are smarter than that . 
  second the position . 
  yes . 
  i wonder if that 's part of why clinton lost . 
  i mean , if you were gon na vote for her because she 's a woman , you were presumably gon na do so anyway . 
  meanwhile , the `` down with the patriarchy '' business irritates everyone else . 
  actually , in the us , it varies by state ( * and * party , in california ) and [ some of these do have open primaries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_primaries_in_the_united_states ), 
  i may be biased , because i think that university fees are a good idea ( the primary beneficiary of a university education is the educated person , so it makes the most sense for them to cover the bill to internalize the benefits ) . 
  but from the descriptions i 've heard , they took the right choices -- they had to give up something in coalition , so they kept the voting reform that could have let them * permanently * exert more influence . 
  the referendum failed , but i 'd have taken the same gamble . 
  i do n't understand why you guys beat up on politicians over single policies so much . 
  blair on iraq , clergy on tuitions ... maybe it 's just that / r/ukpolitics is tory-leaning and thus wanting a reason to slam non-tory politicians , but it seems like they tend to dismiss politicians based on single policy issues . 
  the us started out the same way -- every president voluntarily chose not to seek a third term , though there was no official limit , after washington had set a precedent . 
  then fdr decided to stay for four , and we subsequently established the twenty-second amendment to make it official . 
  congress 's declaration of war only is an authorization for the president to conduct a war . 
  he 's still the one in control . 
  do you think that in the case of the brexit referendum , that : * people that the british public were familiar with and had established a trusted status with them said `` i recommend strongly against this '' . 
  * that the people who said `` go for it '' were not people that the british public trusted . 
  i am dubious that that is the case , that there was a trusted entity who could act as a proxy to make that statement . 
  in fact , i vaguely-seem-to-recall exaggerated claims being made on both sides , and both sides claiming that the other side was lying . 
  neither side inherently was that `` trusted figure '' , so the fight was in significant part over establishing who exactly could be trusted based on gut feelings from three months of statements . 
  that is , the fight is not so much over the specifics of brexit , but over which entity 's communications should be trusted . 
  i 'm not an expert in communications , but i imagine that there 's some sort of term for the process of `` fighting to be the trusted source of information '' . 
  poland was n't majority-german , though . 
  language difficulties ? 
  nonsense !, 
  `` he 's a very colorful person . '', 
  -- putin `` he called me a genius ! '',
