  that 's good . 
  i was kinda unenthusiastic about the idea of poland getting clobbered over it . 
  http://www.npr.org/2015/09/18/441530790/how-the-desperate-norwegian-salmon-industry-created-a-sushi-staple interesting story about a determined norway creating a large and lucrative market for norwegian salmon in japan . 
  why is this infuriating ? 
  if they are gon na hard brexit ( or even have it open as an option ) , they probably need to do so . 
  you ca n't expect the uk to just have nothing in place as they come out . 
  why do you view russia having to borrow in yuan as a sign of impending war ? 
  well , i assume that the bonds go at market rate , so the risk is probably priced in . 
  there 's money in providing credit if other people are n't doing so on more appealing terms . 
  by-and-large , i expect that the russia-west scrap is probably favorable for china . 
  it has the ability to cut deals with russia on terms favorable to china . 
  it 's annoying from the west 's standpoint insofar as it limits the effect of sanctions , but that 's one of the limitations of sanctions : ca n't guarantee that nobody else will provide something not-quite-as-good instead . 
  i feel like this is a great cultural discussion of modern-day europe writ small . 
  is it us ? 
  i 'm not actually sure it counts as a covert action if you announce it in advance . 
  i also personally think that the us is vulnerable on this battlefield , and i 'm not sure that this is a good area to escalate . 
  if we normalize screwing with people over the internet , there 's a lot of economic harm potential for everyone . 
  it 's all fun and games until two countries start losing power plants or industrial disasters are caused . 
  so . . i 've got a question for you . 
  one of the goals of the eu is economic convergence . 
  if it 's not achieved via population movement ( people just moving to another country to make money there ) , it needs to be achieved via companies setting up shop elsewhere . 
  for whatever reason , that has n't happened -- immigration was large , and convergence slow . 
  maybe legal system differences , maybe language barriers . 
  maybe because the eu has limited fiscal transfers . 
  i asked a romanian on here whether he 'd accept the uk limiting immigration if they passed laws that produced a similar amount of economic elsewhere . 
  he said `` maybe '' , but did n't seem too excited . 
  would you support something like that , the uk subsidizing the creation of industry in other members ? 
  so , let 's say that companies of some characteristics in the uk were prohibited from hiring more payroll than a certain amount domestically without a romanian branch and comparable payroll . 
  maybe let companies who employ more people in romania sell credits to those who do not . 
  that tends to encourage convergence via being multinational rather than via population movement . 
  and over the next , say , thirty years , the restrictions on movement gradually come off , as to the payroll restrictions . 
  while people would move around , the pressure to do so for economic reasons would be less then , and presumably it would be more people who wanted to move because they preferred some location than those who only wanted higher pay . 
  the thing is , i 'm not sure if this is actually what britons want . 
  if the concern is from factory workers who do n't want competition , well , they 're still facing it . 
  if it 's from concern over germans or poles or whoever having political clout in the uk , it wo n't much address that . 
  it would certainly deal with people worried about cultural shift in their little village . 
  if the concern over immigration is over beggars or similar , i doubt that it would buy much . 
  it would avoid draining the young out of some of the poorer eu members . 
  it 's not the model i would have chosen , but then ... combining countries and granting full freedom of movement is n't a well-defined science , either . 
  maybe a phased approach works better . 
  in the long term , giving up regulatory control to the eu * without the uk having input * may be a concern if you 've any concerns about that being abused . 
  i have a hard time seeing why eea membership is preferable to eu membership . 
  you only need 2 % of the people who voted to change position . 
  you do n't need to satisfy everyone . 
  wow . 
  okay , turnover in the government is lower than in private industry here , but the idea of having huge chunks of the government immune to being laid off or fired is a new one . 
  i thought that that sort of thing was just in places like greece . 
  huh . 
  < thinks  i have to say that of all countries , the one that this forum has perhaps most-radically shifted my views on is germany . 
  some of the least-perturbable people who seem to most-deeply and dispassionately think things through on here are german . 
  i 've seen posts where a lot of the comments are people upset over one thing or another and there are some really insightful german posts . 
  that was really positive . 
  a lot of the recent collection of corporate scandals with german multinationals have negatively-surprised me , as i 'd had a very law-abiding image of germany , where people would n't dream of not following rules . 
  i somehow always vaguely thought of germany as socially and economically right , but it seems to instead be further left on many issues than i 'd anticipated . 
  unless the eu has done this over [ previous ftas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) , it 's specific to ceta and ttip . 
   i do n't know . 
  the trade court thing is sure to be an unqualified disaster . 
  canada and the us already do isds in nafta . 
  the eu already does isds in existing free trade agreements . 
  if * those * have n't been `` unqualified disasters '' , why would isds in ceta ? 
   and i would also point out that many canadian products are more stringently regulated than they are in the eu . 
  yeah , one bit of perspective i got on here was that most developed countries seem to think more-highly of their own product standards than those abroad in other developed countries , even if they are n't familiar with the specifics of either . 
  okay , i thought that brexit was dumb as hell and the `` free trade '' rationale ridiculous , but i 'm gaining sympathy for the free trade brexiteers . 
  if you want a customs union , you also want to not make it arduous to sign more agreements . 
  the way the eu is apparently structured , with many parties with veto capability on trade agreements , makes it vastly harder to get through trade agreements than in the us or canadian federal systems . 
  hell , i do n't even see what the panic is about , even if you take a hard left position . 
  wages ? 
  the eu signed ftas with much-poorer african countries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements both canada and the us are a lot better off than north africa and represent significantly less low-end wage pressure . 
  okay , so let me get this straight . 
  your goal is to try to economically wall off the eu from the outside world because you believe that it will encourage wage subsidies for low-skill workers in the eu ? 
  you would n't rather try to have a competitive economy -- which would make the bloc as a whole better-off -- and then if need be try to push for redistribution within that bloc , to keep increasing the proportion of high-skill workers ? 
  how do you propose to avoid brain drain ? 
  the ussr had to put up walls to keep people from leaving . 
   tenured civil servant this is a thing in germany ? 
   r/europe hates nazis , except anti russian ukrainian nazis . 
  not only do i not think that i 've seen people advocating naziism here , but i 've noticed what appears to me to be many attempts that appear to try to inaccurately conflate pro-west positions in ukraine with naziism . 
   non-european well , depends on what you mean by that . 
  i ca n't speak as to culture , which is hard to measure , but according to wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexicans ... about 41.8 % of mexico 's genes are from europe , children of people who came over to the americas . 
  just out of curiosity , i checked your comment history -- wanted to see what someone immune to propaganda was like . 
   if i wanted to destroy the us i would encourage all these idiots to grow and expand their movements . 
  go to russia , 0 feminism there yet women working hard at shitty job to be independent from men . 
  go to us then see all these feminists with no real job begging for patreon money and ranting about white privileges on twitter while getting money from george soros ... ... seriously , dude ? 
  hell , i 'm all up for criticizing social-left overreach , but this is nuts . 
  hahaha what did sf do now ? 
  the only one of those i 've spent much time in is in southern california . 
  that 's anecdotally mostly carpet , but with some bare floors ( though more-commonly hardwood , not tile , which is normally reserved for bathrooms or kitchens ) . 
  when i 've been in the northernmost us , l 'd often see carpet in kitchens and bathrooms as well . 
  would probably be more interesting to see statistics from a poll than anecdotes , though ... 
  ... wait , they do * what * now ? 
  the eu put isds in its past free trade agreements . 
  canada and the us have isds in nafta . 
  what 's unique about isds here ? 
  perhaps that 's because the north of europe is colder than the south , and carpets provide more thermal insulation ? 
  i 'm pretty confident with my above take . 
  did you read the last sentence in the twitter post you linked to and see the image ? 
  i feel like otherwise , something is wooshing over my head ... it 's just a reference to his comment . 
  [ there can be only one . 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/766246213079498752 ), 
  yeah , from people with a sour grapes issue . 
  tusk explicitly said it the way i 'd put it -- all parties lose in a brexit .
