  my understanding is that this would create catastrophic short-term effects , but could be beaten by establishing a parallel system , and russia probably could get enough impetus to do so . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/international/21633830-blocking-rogue-states-access-worlds-financial-messaging-network-potent-measure  foreign firms that do business in russia would suffer , too . 
  countries that trade heavily with russia , such as germany and italy , are therefore none too keen . 
  nor are many in the financial sector . 
  swift is less insulated from such pressure than its counterparts in other sectors , such as the international telecommunication union , a un agency which is governed by an international convention . 
  but it is a crucial part of the world 's financial plumbing system . 
    swift 's own rules allow it to cut off banks involved in illegal activity , and it has occasionally done so . 
  but if it ends up being used frequently for sanctions , it could come to be seen as an instrument of foreign policy , thereby weakening its cherished neutrality . 
  already there are calls for it to be used in other conflicts : pro-palestinian groups have recently sought for israel 's banks to be shut out , for instance . 
  and as china 's economic clout grows , might it want taiwanese banks excluded ? 
    another risk is that using swift in this way could lead to the creation of a rival . 
  russia 's central bank is pre-emptively working to develop an alternative network ; china has also shown interest in shifting the world 's financial centre of gravity eastward . 
  earlier this year it co-founded a brics development bank with russia , india , china and south africa , and its unionpay service , set up in 2002 , has loosened the stranglehold of mastercard and visa on card payments . 
  if china and other countries that feared being subjected to future western sanctions joined the russian venture , it might become an alternative to swift -- and one less concerned with preventing money laundering and the financing of terrorism . 
  in what way is this not true ? 
   in the u.s. a recent study by the pew research center found that foreign-born women now account for 23 percent of births , though immigrants represent only 14 percent of the population . 
  `` were it not for the increase in births to immigrant women , the annual number of u.s. births would have declined since 1970 , '' the study said . 
  that same pew study also shows that fertility rates decrease to approximately the us normal levels within two generations . 
  assuming that the same is true in germany , that is only a temporary increase . 
  well , i 'm with you to that extent -- unlike some of the folks here , i 'm deeply unhappy with the idea of blocking material . 
  on the other hand , i do think that it 's worth considering that the flow of information to the public has changed substantially . 
  traditional media sources no longer have the income that they do , and reputation has not -- yet , at any rate -- begun to play as-significant a role online , as the low barrier-to-entry means that it 's hard for people to assess how reliable any of the huge number of sources available are . 
  whether-or-not that should warrant policy change is a difficult question . 
  i agree with you that banning russian propaganda outlets in the us , even explicitly-propaganda , would violate the first amendment . 
  i do not want to change that without a vastly stronger argument than exists now -- thus far , we 've mostly strengthened speech rights , and despite plenty of skepticism at times , it 's always worked out . 
  * one possibility would be having a government-funded fact-checking agency that does not volunteer new topics -- it 's not a traditional news agency , but does provide funding for employees to analyze items of concern to the government , and which maintains editorial isolation . 
  that 's * part * of what the eu has done , and i like the idea , even if i do n't know whether many people know about it -- the ideal would be to act as a source of record that other media sources can cite , like politifact does for domestic politics or snopes does for general-interest items , but specifically dealing with foreign articles . 
  that would need to meet a high bar in correcting errors to maintain a reputation . 
  i am not normally enthusiastic about the idea of government-funded press-like things , but i have to confess that both npr and the bbc receive government funding and compare favorably to most other media outlets in their countries . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think that there 's so much a need for a publication as a reputable source of refutation . 
  otherwise , you wind up with the resources of a nation-state producing material and simply volunteer efforts trying to refute it . 
  * another possibility would be a better technical fix for reliability assessment online . 
  in the real world , if i go up to a bank that has a big building with granite columns that 's been around for fifty years , it 's * probably * at least reasonably reputable ; it 's at least not a fly-by-night operation . 
  if i went to bank somewhere and it was being run out of the back of some guy 's home and was set up three months ago , i might be a lot more skeptical . 
  going online means that that kind of signaling mechanism goes away . 
  furthermore , that happens at the same time as people become exposed to a much larger collection of suppliers of information . 
  who remembers which media outlets are backed by whom ? 
  while it wo n't be an easy problem to solve , i 'd like to have better mechanisms available for people to help decide whether a media source is likely trustworthy , and if not , what it is about it that 's at concern . 
  anecdotally , the few people i 've spoken to who tend to buy into false material also advocate all sorts of other conspiracy theories or just bizarre ideas , from the idea that there 's an international catholic cabal to trusting snake oil `` medicine '' over the regular medical system , trusting random websites over the food safety system , thinking that jews have some sort of banking conspiracy going , and so forth . 
  [ i 'm not the first one to notice this phenomenon ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/crank_magnetism ) , either . 
  i do n't know exactly why that happens , but it does seem to me -- sans any numbers -- to be a real thing . 
  one possibility would be to have people choose from one of a number of `` ranking sources '' -- which might even be procedurally-generated -- to try to identify websites that they do n't consider reputable . 
   now , do we think hillary and her cohorts are interested in transparency , or saving their own asses ? 
  i do n't particularly see how it has anything to do with hillary . 
  she 's campaigned for a second time , did n't win , and she 's not going to have a third opportunity . 
   uh , i thought we were talking about fake news , not hacking . 
  of course they can not freely hack . 
  fair enough . 
  do you think that it 's also objectionable that there should be a flood of false information being used to try to manipulate information over here ? 
  that is , should it be simply ignored ? 
  the eu has efforts to fact-check material and summarize bad information , for example , and i 'd imagine that the us could potentially do similar things . 
   because they are n't trying to shine light on the propaganda effort . 
  sure seems like it to me . 
  i 've seen numerous statements made by politicians from both parties now expressing concern over the matter . 
   they 're trying to spare their own blushes at losing against a candidate who is orange , has weird hair , bragged about grabbing women in the pussy and joked about fucking his daughter . 
  it 's embarrassing losing like that , and many jobs at the dnc should be lost . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think that anyone 's claimed that hillary 's campaign was anything but unimpressive . 
  we do n't want to start a precedent of russia breaking into the computer systems belonging to our political parties to try to kingmake . 
  surely you can not disagree with that point , that the idea of russia feeling free to do so would be completely unacceptable ? 
  well , the exterior certainly has plenty of iconic potential . 
  the interior looks a bit like the ep to me , with the use of circular light tables and gray circular walls , black chairs , and recessed lights -- but i do n't personally like the rug and ceiling color choices . 
  i dunno if it 's supposed to evoke the 1960s or the 1980s , but it does n't feel timeless , like something that one would want a hundred years hence . 
  they kinda grab my eye away from everything else in the room . 
   do you see the us giving permanent military bases to europe ? 
  uh , we do ? 
  there 's not a lot of reason to station many people there -- it 's about the least-likely-to-be-attacked place in the world -- but you do [ have people training in the us because the us has a lot of open area to dick around with aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holloman_air_force_base#german_air_force_flying_training_center ) . 
  the problem is in part , trying to figure out how much of trump is trump-as-he-portrays-himself-to-the-public , which obviously is n't quite the same thing as trump-as-he-is-in-actuality , and is n't even the third trump-as-hopefully-he-will-be-with-bureaucratic-input . 
  well , a few thoughts in favor of federation : * [ there are few confederations today -- wikipedia only lists two surviving ones ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_confederations ) . 
  generally , confederations seem to have run into the limitations of confederations and then moved to federation , as switzerland , the us , and germany all did . 
  [ german confederation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_confederation )  most historians have judged the confederation to have been weak and ineffective , as well as an obstacle to the creation of a german nation-state . 
  [ 2 ] it collapsed due to the rivalry between prussia and austria , warfare , the 1848 revolution , and the inability of the multiple members to compromise . 
  [ old swiss confederacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_swiss_confederacy )  religious differences were accentuated by a growing economic discrepancy ... true reform , however , was impossible ; the individual interests of the thirteen members were too diverse , and the absolutist cantonal governments resisted all attempts at confederation-wide administration . 
  foreign policy remained fragmented . 
  [ us articles of confederation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articles_of_confederation )  after the war , nationalists , especially those who had been active in the continental army , complained that the articles were too weak for an effective government . 
  there was no president , no executive agencies , no judiciary and no tax base . 
  the absence of a tax base meant that there was no way to pay off state and national debts from the war years except by requesting money from the states , which seldom arrived . 
  * while this is n't a requirement of a confederation , every member state having a veto over any change from the status quo in most areas creates a strong bias towards eu inaction . 
  * without a common foreign policy , the eu is limited in what kinds of promises it can make abroad . 
  that is , eu officials can say one thing , but then states might decide otherwise . 
   by a large component of the electorate , who stands to lose most from a more unified europe . 
  i think that very few people stand to long-term lose from a more-unified europe . 
  eu trade with russia actually [ is far larger than us trade with russia ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26436291 ) -- 18.9 b eur between the us and russia in 2012 compared to 267.5 eur between the eu and russia . 
  that gravity model , you know , that 's been coming up vis-a-vis the uk needing to trade with the eu ? 
  i 've certainly seen people talking about rt since before hillary . 
  but ... let 's say that it * was * the egregiousness around the election that brought this to the public eye in a big way ? 
  why * would n't * it be good to shed light on propaganda efforts ? 
   every political problem of western institutions ca n't be blamed on fake news and putin . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the article did n't make that claim -- it went over a ton of material that * was * russia-originating propaganda . 
  it 's from a site that is intended to compare the actual size , but i think that the point here is to drive home the latitude difference . 
  i was amazed when i first realized the difference -- i had always vaguely thought of them as being roughly lined up . 
   i disagree with only one thing , that they are not stupid . 
  they actually are stupid . 
  can you diagnose a medical condition on par with your doctor ? 
  are you `` stupid '' because you ca n't do so ? 
   everyone should take a few hours ( that 's how long it takes ) to learn the basics of what is going on . 
  why ? 
  the expected return to someone from spending time required to get a vote that more-accurately reflects their interests is probably far less than the cost of the time that they need to put into it , particularly for national-level issues . 
   in light of the ( perceived massive ) issues with earlier eastern european expansion .
