    ms kosinskaya , red-haired and open-faced , is 26 , just one year older than post-soviet russia . 
  she spends her time in a part of st petersburg well supplied with cool lofts , funky bars and gastropubs . 
  though not rich , she has travelled the world . 
  her generation of educated , urban young russians has very little in common with the cowed homo sovieticus who still abounds . 
  in 2011 they took to the streets to protest against rigged parliamentary elections . 
  for ms kosinskaya this was the first election in which she was able to vote . 
  she would not accept the standard practice of rigging , not because she had a particular preference for any party , but because she thought it was disrespectful and wrong . 
    ms kosinskaya was ten when vladimir putin became russia 's president . 
  `` i liked him . 
  he was young and energetic , '' she says . 
  her lifestyle owed much to the economic growth over which mr putin presided . 
  but gradually she became disillusioned both by the president and by russia 's general political direction , and in the winter of 2011 she had to watch her friends being bundled into police vans for trying to uphold the law . 
  the demands of ms kosinskaya and her friends echoed the slogan of the soviet human-rights activists : `` state , respect your own laws . ''   watch the graffiti   five years on , last month 's parliamentary elections passed without incident . 
  alexei navalny , one of the leaders of the 2011 protests , says people have lost interest in politics . 
  many of his former supporters switched sides following russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  street artists who were drawing anti-kremlin graffiti five years ago have switched to anti-american themes . 
  one drawing shows a fish with blue stripes and red stars inside a blender in the colours of the russian flag . 
    but many young , liberal russians feel frustrated . 
  `` we live with the feeling that something really important did not happen in our lives , '' says phillip dziadko , a former editor of bolshoi gorod , a moscow magazine which five years ago was the flag-carrier of the protest movement . 
  its owners have since closed it down . 
  `` many of my friends feel as though we have gone into internal exile , '' says ms kosinskaya . 
    until recently young russians did not see themselves as part of the intelligentsia . 
  `` this was something rather archaic for us ; people who talked a lot and did very little , '' says ms kosinskaya . 
  but now the survival strategies developed by their parents ' generation , particularly their ability to carve out niches where they could apply their skills and knowledge , have become relevant to younger people too . 
    one of the most popular authors among the new generation is sergei dovlatov , a soviet writer from the 1970s . 
  he emigrated to america where he died in 1990 . 
  in his prose he cultivated self-irony and sought privacy and autonomy from the soviet state . 
  in the words of a friend , joseph brodsky , dovlatov `` belonged to that generation which took the idea of individualism and the principle of autonomy of human existence more seriously than anyone , anywhere . '' on september 3rd this year thousands of people in st petersburg celebrated what would have been dovlatov 's 75th birthday and unveiled a privately financed statue of him . 
    say it with culture   although the state today suppresses independent civil and political activity , it allows a lot more personal freedom than it did in 1979 when dovlatov left . 
  since the mainstream media are mostly pumping out government propaganda , russia 's modern intellectuals have got involved in cultural projects . 
  public lectures by notable scholars , both russian and foreign , on subjects from urbanism to artificial intelligence gather mass audiences . 
  tickets to such talks sell out within hours . 
  every night dozens of events take place in moscow and other cities . 
  book fairs attract queues to rival those for pop concerts . 
  a new shopping centre in yekaterinburg , in the urals , has organised a book round-table as one of its opening events . 
    public lectures , intellectual discussions and excursions have evolved into a business . 
  `` ten years ago , to raise money from investors , you needed to say only one word : ` media ' . 
  today all you have to say is ` education ' , '' says yuri saprykin , a former editor of afisha , a listings magazine that helped shape the tastes of the urban middle class . 
  the trend started a few years ago when a site called `` theory and practice '' began to provide a wide variety of courses and lectures . 
  the young are wild about classical music and art museums . 
  `` if you are not learning something outside your work , you are a loser , '' says ms kosinskaya . 
    mr dziadko , the grandson of soviet dissidents and human-rights activists , and a group of friends have launched a popular multimedia education and entertainment project called arzamas , a name borrowed from a 19th-century literary society of which pushkin was a member . 
  the subjects range from elizabethan theatre and medieval french history to the anthropology of communism and the mythology of south africa . 
  a few months ago arzamas organised an evening lecture about joan of arc , including a recital of medieval music , at moscow 's main library . 
  `` we thought it would be attended by a few intellectuals . 
  but when we turned up 15 minutes before the lecture , we saw a long queue of young people and hipsters trying to get in , '' says mr dziadko . 
    the boom in `` enlightenment '' projects is not so much a reversal of the rise of consumerism in the previous decade but a complement to it . 
  just as russian people were suddenly presented with a vast choice of consumer goods , they now have a large array of intellectual pursuits to choose from . 
  and whereas russia 's government can impose a ban on imports of western food , barring the spread of knowledge is much harder . 
    the main producers and consumers of these enlightenment projects are young westernised russians who are part of a global culture . 
  their pursuit of a wide range of knowledge is a way of fighting the isolationism and aggressive obscurantism imposed by both state and church . 
  this takes many forms , from banning modern-art shows to organising anti-gay campaigns , promoting anti-darwinism and attempting to stop abortions . 
    popular books about biology and physics currently sell better than detective stories . 
  yulia shakhnovskaya , the director of the moscow polytechnic museum , where evgeny yevtushenko read his poetry in the 1960s , says that education and science have become a form of resistance to politics . 
  `` we ca n't win but that does not mean we should stop resisting , so we try to grow a garden in the middle of hell . '' she says her main target audience is teenage schoolchildren , who are desperate for knowledge : `` good marks are no longer the main prerequisite for getting a good job in russia ... but the demand for knowledge is still there , so we try to satisfy it by other means . ''   ms shakhnovskaya 's patrons include igor shuvalov , the first deputy prime minister in charge of the economy , and anatoly chubais , the father of russia 's privatisation programme . 
  they are helping to promote an educated and emancipated elite that could gradually begin to change the system , which is what happened in the 1980s . 
    for now at least , the educated urban class does not pose a serious political threat to mr putin . 
  but it represents a different and more fundamental challenge that has to do with values and ideas . 
  some of the most striking independent public-lecture projects recently launched had titles such as `` the return of ethics '' and `` public lies '' , involving both western and russian philosophers , economists , sociologists and writers . 
    this new generation of educated young urbanites has criticised russian politicians and opinion-formers of the 1990s and 2000s for viewing human-rights abuses and the lack of independent courts as unfortunate impediments to business and foreign investment , rather than bad things in themselves . 
  yet `` despite the total amorality of politicians and bureaucrats , or maybe because of it , the demand for ethics in the public sphere is growing , not falling , '' says andrei babitsky , a former editor of the inliberty website that organised the lectures on ethics and lies . 
  the power of ideas should never be underestimated , especially in russia . 
  [ continued from parent ]  the call of liberty   just such an enemy was provided by the orange revolution in ukraine in 2004-05 , a popular uprising against rigged presidential elections in which mr putin had backed viktor yanukovych , a corrupt thug . 
  his defeat at that time ( he was elected later ) was seen as a humiliation for the kremlin and an ominous sign of american meddling , underlined by george w. bush 's praise for democracy in georgia and ukraine and his comment that `` eventually the call of liberty comes to every mind and every soul . '' mr putin saw georgia 's successful reforms and its determination to break out of the post-soviet system and move towards the west as a threat , in the same way as the soviet union had felt threatened by liberal reforms in czechoslovakia in 1968 . 
  and just as the kremlin had responded by ordering tanks into prague to stop the reforms spreading to the soviet union , so russia sent its tanks and planes into georgia in august 2008 . 
  immediately after that war mr putin ordered a thorough modernisation of the russian armed forces . 
    america chose to follow the war in georgia with a `` reset '' initiated by the new democratic president , mr obama , and his secretary of state , hillary clinton . 
  but when protests broke out in 2011-12 mr putin accused mrs clinton of spurring protesters on : `` she set the tone for some actors in our country and gave them a signal ... they heard the signal and with the support of the us state department began active work . '' as ms hill and mr gaddy wrote , `` america and europe encourage political and economic change as a matter of course in their foreign policies . 
  the essence of western political systems extends to promoting democracy and liberal markets abroad . '' but whereas western governments see such efforts as benign , mr putin considers them a danger , they continue : `` western-style democracy and open markets are a clear threat to a russian political system that thrives as a closed one-body network and an economic protection racket . '' in russia 's new military doctrine , signed by mr putin at the end of 2014 , popular uprisings against an oppressive regime were classified as a military aggression which warrants a military response . 
    in january 2013 valery gerasimov , then newly appointed as chief of staff , had spoken about a new type of warfare that russia had to face . 
  `` the emphasis in methods of struggle is shifting towards widespread use of political , economic , informational , humanitarian and other non-military measures ... overt use of force , often under the guise of peacekeeping and crisis management , occurs only at a certain stage , primarily to achieve definitive success in the conflict . '' the revolution in kiev in the winter of 2013-14 which overthrew viktor yanukovych was perceived by the kremlin as an escalation of hostilities by `` hybrid means '' . 
    russia 's heavy propaganda campaign which portrayed ukraine 's post-revolutionary government as fascists paved the way for its own special forces in crimea , allowing them to stage a coup , overthrow the legitimate government and appoint its placemen who quickly called an unconstitutional referendum on joining russia . 
  in mr putin 's mind , russia 's actions in crimea and eastern ukraine merely mirrored western `` hybrid '' tactics , including special forces , disinformation and mobilisation of the protest potential of the local people . 
  the annexation of crimea was bloodless . 
    in eastern ukraine the task was different . 
  it was not to annex territory but to spark a conflict that would undermine ukraine 's territorial integrity and its chances of moving towards the west . 
  whereas in crimea russia relied on a disenchanted population nostalgic for the soviet era , in donbas it was supported by the core of mr yanukovych 's voters who considered the government in kiev illegal . 
  but russia 's operations in both crimea and eastern ukraine were limited in scale and depended on a power vacuum in kiev . 
  as alexander nevzorov , a russian journalist , wrote , `` crimea was taken not from a strong , rich and brave country but from a wounded , bleeding and motionless one . ''   samuel charap of the international institute for strategic studies notes that if russia had attempted to deploy its `` little green men '' ( soldiers in unmarked green uniforms ) in western ukraine , for example , `` they would have likely been hanging from the lamp-posts , not leading an armed insurgency . '' even in donbas , russia had to use its conventional military force to stop the ukrainian army from defeating the russian-armed rebels . 
  russia 's ukraine operation , therefore , should not be seen as a template for a potential conflict with nato , mr charap argues . 
    belarus , another slavic , russian-speaking country that was one of the founding members of the soviet union , could also be a target . 
  it is ruled by alexander lukashenko , often called the last dictator in europe , and so far russia has kept him going with its gas subsidies . 
  but should the kremlin sense that mr lukashenko 's grip is weakening or that he is turning towards the west , it could easily stage a coup and take the place over . 
    the perception of russia 's military advantage rests on two main elements , argues alexander golts , a russian military analyst . 
  one is unpredictability and surprise , because mr putin is not constrained by any formal institutions or by his own team . 
  the other is russia 's ability quickly to deploy well-trained , disciplined and equipped troops , thanks to the modernisation of its forces enabled by a 30 % increase in spending in real terms since 2008 . 
  russia has about 80,000 elite troops that can be sent into battle within hours . 
    russia 's conventional military expansion is limited by its demography . 
  according to its own estimates , this year it will be able to increase its forces by only 10,000 men , barely enough for one division . 
  it also needs to be careful to minimise casualties , which go down badly with a population that sees war as a television show . 
  the number of people who supported russia 's military invasion in ukraine declined from 47 % in june 2014 to 25 % a year later , according to the levada centre . 
    the nuclear option   russia 's military-industrial complex is unable to produce anything close to soviet volumes of hardware . 
  but the country 's relative economic and military weakness compared with nato does not make the country any safer ; on the contrary , it poses a big risk . 
  the only way russia can compensate for the gaps in its conventional forces is to invoke the threat of a nuclear strike . 
  after the annexation of crimea mr putin said he had been ready to use nuclear arms to defend his country 's `` historic territory '' . 
  and after russia showed off its long-range cruise missiles in syria , mr putin said that it was prepared to use its powerful weapons if its national interests were infringed upon , implying that those missiles might one day carry nuclear warheads . 
  america 's `` impudent behaviour '' would have `` nuclear consequences '' , said one of mr putin 's chief propagandists . 
    after stalin 's death the soviet union was ruled by a generation of leaders who , having emerged as victors from the second world war , were naturally averse to another big war and genuinely fearful of the use of nuclear arms . 
  they were also restrained by the collective power of the politburo , which had ousted nikita khrushchev soon after he dragged the soviet union into the cuban missile crisis . 
    mr putin , on the other hand , is bound by few constraints and has no particular aversion to war .
