  https://reddit.com/comments/559jfp/comment/d88qd93 i * just * finished reading an article submitted here about how europe 's fate rests on a referendum in hungary . 
  maybe there should be a requirement to retitle posts that take the form `` the eu is doomed unless ... '' and similar , because it 's simply getting ridiculous . 
  we managed 1.2 % in 1944 , but that required a world war . 
  the uk managed to get it down to 0.6 % that year . 
   ... lazar accused president barack obama and `` certain american groups '' of wanting to dilute europe with muslims . 
   russia is partly aggressive to europe because of washington dc policy that stokes that fire . 
  i 'm having a hard time swallowing that it was obama that made russia annex crimea and donbas . 
  why ? 
  for countries in the east of europe , i 'd expect that security guarantees would be a major interest in the eu . 
  the only reason that i could think of for opposition would be if they thought that nato served those concerns more-effectively and that this undermined nato . 
  nato is a less `` binding '' organization than the eu in that leaving nato takes one year and causes minimal economic disruption . 
  leaving the eu would take two years and would cause significant disruption . 
  a selling point might be that it would be harder for the eu as a unit to break down -- you would n't want to be estonia if half of the members exit the eu . 
  though if you count brexit , so far nato 's had more stability . 
  < shrug  one other major want might be more-concrete peacetime commitments . 
  nato does send units to the borders , but it 's on a goodwill basis among members . 
  nobody is forced to do so -- poland and the uk horsetrading over peacetime garrisons ( `` put bases here ! '', 
  `` okay , gim me concessions on welfare ! '' ), 
  was imho kind of embarrassing . 
  an eu defense commitment could require soldiers from every state to do the garrisoning in question . 
  austria is currently one of the members with a neutrality exception to the eu 's mutual aid guarantee -- they do n't have to aid others . 
  given their location , austria can effectively offload military costs to border countries . 
  while eu defense cooperation is currently opt-in , i imagine that this could be the first step towards a mandatory cooperation . 
  finland , sweden and ireland also have neutrality opt-outs and also dislike the idea . 
   and jordan 's chief islamic justice department was recently quoted as saying child marriages represented about 35 % of all marriages of syrian refugees in 2015 . 
  would be interested in what the definition of `` child '' used in that context is . 
  he probably did not mean `` below the age which people may legally marry in denmark '' , for example . 
  well , let me put it this way . 
  why do you consider the us to have agency , but the iraqi government to not have agency , or the people who tried overthrowing it to have agency ? 
  the us left iraq after the elected iraqi government asked it to do so , and only came back after it requested . 
  the us had been willing to militarily - support the government for a longer period of time . 
  humans are involved in all cases , after all -- it 's not merely a mechanical process . 
  it 's quite likely that isis would n't have been able to get going without us involvement , true ... but that 's hardly only true of the us here . 
  would you say `` the holocaust is france 's responsibility , because the treaty of versailles created pressures that weakened the weimar republic 's government and gave the nazi party an opening ? '', 
  i would n't , or at least would assign little responsibility . 
  there was a causal chain , but it involved many other causes , and was not the proximate , the closest cause . 
  that 's certainly a requirement of a customs union . 
  problem is that every vehicle crossing the border could be carrying prohibited goods . 
  and if you check each vehicle , you disrupt life for people who live and work on either side . 
  maybe it 'd be possible to have some sort of statistical thing , where there 's electronic auto-passing with only spot-checking of suitably reputable businesses/individuals , and the others go through regular customs . 
   because both countries areent in shengen , both can agree to not do passport controls i 'd be more interested in customs control of goods being moved from one point to another . 
  i 'd say that the isis uprising is responsible for that . 
  zerohedge is a very sketchy source with an extensive history of claiming that the world is ending . 
  i 'd take any prediction of imminent disaster from them with a great deal of salt . 
  though physiographically a part of the continent of north america , greenland has been politically and culturally associated with europe ( specifically norway and denmark , the colonial powers , as well as the nearby island of iceland ) for more than a millennium . 
  honestly , it 's a tough problem to solve . 
  i do n't know what the concerns over large drones are , but i assume it 's one of two , both of which have some real legitimacy : risk to aircraft . 
  it seems to me that restrictions on hardness or density or similar might be more interesting than weight restrictions . 
  risk of falling if the thing fails . 
  a quarter-kilogram object falling from the sky can already kill someone , so it seems like we 've already passed the threshold here . 
  maybe mandating some sort of parachute pack that auto-deploys if the thing enters freefall for more than a certain period of time , or bumpers extending from the drone to reduce the moment of impact . 
  you can build a lot more real estate upwards . 
  do that , and the foreign investors that you 're concerned about are just subsidizing the creation more british housing . 
  good luck getting all of london 's real estate owners to collude in price-fixing . 
  even if they did , you just go authorize building more and london keeps pulling in tax revenue . 
  `` but they 'll accept any loss , just sitting on them and renting them out to mitigate their losses ! '', 
  which keeps forcing rents down . 
  if said foreigners want to subsidize rental properties for britons , why complain ? 
  there is one reliable answer to `` there is insufficient supply for everyone that wants some '' , and that is allowing the creation of more . 
  the alternative is to refuse to create more and fight over the insufficient supply . 
  will always be unstable . 
  eh , skilled immigration uses a carrot ( wan na come in ? 
  we 'd like your skills ! ) . 
  blocking skilled emigration is the stick . 
  not an area of expertise , but i do n't understand why db going under results in the euro ending . 
  i am sure that it will be disruptive , losses will be recognized , but why is that incompatible with the euro ? 
  in a bank collapse that causes others to collapse , institutional investors ( pensions , sovereign wealth funds ? ), 
  lose their money . 
  demand falls off . 
  depression . 
  but why does that end a currency ? 
  the great depression did n't result in the end of the dollar . 
  if you 're sure of that , i guess you could buy it and make money . 
  i suspect that the us has regulations that mexico does n't . 
  nationalization , as i understand it , transfers the liabilities to the state . 
   if i was a millionaire , i could lose 900k , but my mortgage will stay with me forever . 
  well , there 's personal bankruptcy . 
  it 's not at odds with democracy . 
  they 're just saying that this move creates risk , and unless the uk eats the risk for them , they do n't want to invest . 
  it 's a reasonable position . 
  they build car factories in the uk because of the single market . 
  if it leaves , a lot of their investment becomes much less useful . 
  they could just say `` too much risk , no new investment '' , but instead they 're adding on `` unless you eat the risk , then i will '' . 
  sounds familiar . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grimm%27s_law  proto-indo-european * ph \u2082 t\u1e17r ( `` father '' )  proto-germanic * fad\u0113r ( old english f\u00e6der , old high german fatar ), 
  positive feedback loop that 's causing prices to drop . 
  negative feedback loops self-stabilize . 
  positive feedback loops spin out of control . 
  http://www.technovelgy.com/ct/content.asp?bnum=2284  here , in wisconsin , is the penokee range of mountains , chiefly remarkable for its belt of iron ore , forty-three miles in length , unbroken and very magnetic . 
  this deposit , averaging 300 feet in width , extends to an unknown , unfathomed depth . 
    `` it occurred to us that we might convert the whole penokee iron deposit into a gigantic magnet by winding wire around it . 
  the society of futurity wanted to talk with other planets ; and to do this we must produce on earth magnetic disturbances of great and decided violence . 
  we must produce them periodically , too , so that by their force and their definite order of recurrence they would send a shock through vast distances , and compel the attention of dwellers on another sphere . 
  then they might respond with similar movements , which we could record on our magnetometers ; and so we could start a conversation . '', 
    `` see those telegraph poles ? '', 
    `` there are five hundred turns of that wire , '' his new guardian went on ; `` and each turn is eighty-six miles in length . 
  they encircle this whole mouton mass of iron , which is their core , and make it a colossal magnet , with which we do our planetary telegraphing . '', 
  -- from in the deep of time , by george parsons lathrop . 
  published by not known in 1879 . 
  well , we were wrong about the widespread availability of space travel and the flying car .
