  i mean , mexico and the us do less trade -- $ 500b a year rather than $ 630b . 
  but it 's not * that * much less . 
  a couple of reasons :  1 . 
  these type of deals have usually benefit the rich and large corporations . 
  not the regular guy like me , or the medium and small businesses like the one i work for . 
  do they ? 
  if less-expensive or more-desirable goods become available , it 's your buying power that rises . 
  and those companies are made up of regular guys . 
  i mean , if the us and canada had no trade , us loggers would have more work , and canadian actors . 
  but we 'd have more-costly house materials and you 'd have a less-enjoyable set of movies available . 
   we do n't need more jobs shipped overseas . 
  an fta will indeed cause imported european goods to kill off some of their competitors in canada . 
  but in the long run , for each dollar that canada imports , she will also export a dollar . 
  the big draw is supposed to be better access for exports . 
  but almost half of our exports go to the uk , who is leaving the eu . 
  this deal is now worth half as much as it was before the brexit vote . 
  and any compromises we made on the deal should be renegotiated to reflect that . 
  canada may have different concerns , and maybe canada and the eu should re-evaluate what their relative concerns are in light of brexit ( or just go ahead and pass a ceta 2.0 a few years down the line ) . 
  but ... trade is n't zero-sum . 
  you do n't sacrifice access to your market ( `` bad '' ) for access to another ( `` good '' ) . 
  you both benefit from each other 's market . 
  when you open up your markets , you get cheaper and/or better stuff . 
  to make this deal we are supposed to allow visa free travel from bulgaria and romania because they are eu countries . 
  presently we do n't allow that because there is too much immigration fraud . 
  sorry , but i 'm not interested in giving visa free travel to countries that already have too much fraud * with * the visa requirements . 
  that 's a legitimate concern . 
  it 's hard to value this , but the us said that she would n't break her visa rules for a trade deal . 
  it does , at the least , seem to set a bad precedent . 
  a lot of european capitals have been expressing vindictiveness towards britain . 
  and by this i do n't mean just a hard brexit . 
  i mean talking about punishing britain , making britain `` pay a price '' , like some crazy ex who keys your car after you break up . 
  now nothing has been done yet , but if this is how the eu is going to handle trade disputes it 's best to just not get involved with them at all . 
  canadian have n't forgotten how europe fucked us on fishing on the grand banks , atlantic canada still has n't recovered from that . 
  well , while i 'm unimpressed by the tone too , remember that the uk is n't just terminating a trade agreement . 
  she 's seceding from a confederation . 
  it 's closer to quebec walking off , with the additional caveat that the eu is still proving herself . 
  how did canucks feel about it when that business was happening ? 
   a deal with china would be a nightmare because it would allow cash heavy chinese government and chinese industrials to step up the competition towards europe well , predatory pricing is a concern , albeit one that i think is frequently claimed when it 's not applicable . 
  but it 's also recognized [ in domestic law over here ] ( https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/competition-guidance/guide-antitrust-laws/single-firm-conduct/predatory-or-below-cost ) and , i 'm sure , in the eu . 
  you do n't need across-the-board tariffs to deal with it . 
   and even allow them to buy out any competition that 's currently struggling . 
  yes . 
  but ... so ? 
  when a company goes under domestically , someone will probably buy its assets unless it truly has nothing of worth . 
  what does it matter whether or not the purchaser is a multinational or not ? 
  i 've worked for a foreign-owned multinational before -- not like there 's any difference . 
  hell , as long as they 're publicly-traded , i can buy stock in 'em and be a part-owner of the multinational . 
  you can be a part owner of apple , the largest us-headquartered company , or sinopec , the largest company in china . 
  i can be a part owner of shell , the largest company in europe . 
  none of it causes me to be unable to work for a business or to own business . 
   i bring you the example of matera , you have the so called `` furniture district '' , a large industrial area on the outskirts of the city where they make high quality furniture . 
  an italian excellence one would say and yet due to a few mistakes from the owners of these companies , they are now in crisis . 
  in the meanwhile , chinese investors had opened companies specializing in furniture with the goal of doing the same exact products at a lower price importing workers from china giving them a low wage ( $ 500-600 a month ) to work long hours often even using the `` district furniture '' brand . 
  all right , if it 's confusingly-similar , perhaps there 's room for a trademark infringement lawsuit from whoever owns the original mark . 
  but that is n't a function of free trade . 
  with or without free trade -- and the eu and china do not currently have an fta -- infringement can happen , and its remedy is the same . 
  for the question of the workers , i 'd say that the same thing is true . 
  this is n't tied to a fta . 
  it 's possible that they 're in the country and working legally , in which case an italian company could have done the same thing , with or without an fta . 
  or -- and while i do n't know how italian work visa law works , i assume that this is the case -- they might be working illegally . 
  but if that 's the case , an fta or not again would n't matter ... and the remedy would be already available , to have the city validate their legal work status . 
   i could go on and on about the issue but the influx of these chinese investors and workers has hurt local economy and risks making an italian excellence disappear i guess that the concern is this -- that maybe an eu-china fta is signed , and then some company in china manufactures stuff that is then imported without tariff and outcompetes an italian furniture manufacturer , right ? 
  and i agree that that will almost certainly happen . 
  if not with an italian furniture store , then with an italian machine tools company , or something like that . 
  it 's not possible to reallocate people and resources without that . 
  there will be people who lose their jobs . 
  there will be businesses that go under . 
  that 's one half of an fta . 
  but ... 
  it will also now mean that there will be italian companies exporting more to china , hiring and expanding . 
  it means that people in italy will be able to start new companies that before would not have had a large-enough market to survive , and will now flourish . 
  one promise i can make you is that in the long run , the eu will export one dollar 's worth of product ( for some fixed value of dollar ) for every dollar that it imports . 
  business and work opportunities wo n't go away , on the net . 
  additionally , because of [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) , on the whole , both the eu and china will be somewhat better-off on the whole . 
  the eu 's pie will be larger , average standard of living will be higher . 
  now , i do n't plan to simply gloss over the caveats : * there would be short-term disruption . 
  those changes wo n't happen instantly . 
  * some people will be worse-off . 
  kids just entering the work force might have an easier time finding an industry to work in , but it 's hard for an expert furniture-maker to leverage that past experience if nobody wants italian furniture . 
  some people will be better-off . 
  * i ca n't tell you what the distribution of this benefit and loss will be . 
  it 's true that the eu has typically wanted a narrower-than-would-naturally-show-up income distribution . 
  if you cut a deal with a country with lower labor costs , it may tend to displace low-skill ( normally lower-pay ) workers domestically . 
  china would have lower labor costs than the eu . 
  on the other hand , the us and canada will have * higher * labor costs , so i imagine that it wojld tend to do the opposite ... and i do n't see rabid enthusiasm on here for a us or canada fta mirroring concern over a china fta . 
  and the eu has signed ftas with poorer bitsbof africa , so it ca n't be that horrible . 
  and , of course , your country is always free to tax and redistribute however it wants , to produce whatever income distribution it wants . 
  an fta is no magic wand . 
  but it will tend to be a benefit . 
  i mean ... it 's different . 
  my gut reaction is that it 's a bad idea . 
  i can definitely think of major drawbacks . 
  but ... hell , imagine how the first guy proposing intellectual property sounded when he first raised the idea . 
  second the smoked baltic sprats in oil business . 
  they look pretty humble , but they 're damned delicious . 
  i have yet to see an alternet article that did n't take some economic position that i disagree with . 
  actually , we may be getting close to the point where web spidering and automated image recognition * could * flag shots of the eiffel tower . 
  not saying that it 's a good idea from an ip standpoint , but it 's likely to at least move away from enforceability being completely impractical . 
  i suppose i see a fix for sweden 's housing problems . 
  the eu could resolve this tomorrow by federalizing and be immediately treated as one country because it would * be * one country .
