  but i do n't think that i can look at things and say `` the guerrilla is clearly no longer an effective force '' either ... i mean , nobody went into a past war thinking `` i 'm going to be burned badly by guerrillas '' , and yet ... 
  i think that the world pretty solidly established that human wave attacks were a pretty inefficient use of lives in world war i. 
   the migrant crisis is not going to end . 
  i agree ( not unless europe becomes a lot worse off or africa and the middle east and parts of asia become a lot better off , neither of which seems likely to happen in the near future ) . 
  i will say that : ** there are adjustments that can reasonably be made within the eu that will tend to make the eu more-closely approximate what separate members would do here . 
  ** for example , at the moment , any eu member can grant labor and legal movement to other eu members via extending citizenship to themselves , yet other members have no ability to puts the brakes on . 
  that is probably the single way in which the eu currently most-acts as an open door relative to individual members . 
  i think that this is not currently a * huge * problem ( since , say , malta is not off granting hundreds of thousands of people citizenship -- germany and to a lesser degree sweden , aside from the uk and maybe the netherlands , would be likely where illegal immigrants would be wanting to go anyway ) . 
  however , it 's not to be ignored , and i 'd think that as long as freedom of labor and movement exist and as long as individual members handle immigration , that there will need to be some `` brake '' that other members can extend on extension of citizenship -- a limit on the rate or source of immigration . 
  ** i think that while it is an issue , it is probably not primarily an eu issue . 
  ** were the eu to be dissolved by its members tomorrow , i think that most of the issues driving illegal immigration would not be resolved ( some would , but some issues would also be made worse ) . 
  the echr blocking italy 's unilateral deportation of people to libya is not an eu institution and would still be present , though perhaps the eu might be an additional legal impediment to withdrawing from some of it , if eu members wanted to withdraw . 
  eu member states will still be well-to-do compared to africa , the middle east , and southwest asia , and so pull factors will remain -- it is not because the us is a federal union that people come from mexico and further south . 
  while eu distribution of refugees could be a major issue , in practice it seems to be a very minor influence to date , as there has been little uptake from most eu members . 
  the eu requiring schengen 's internal borders to be down could be an issue ... but it seems to be taking no meaningful action against states impacted by the crisis simply raising internal borders , for whatever good it will buy . 
  and even if the borders go up , i am doubtful that the benefit will be tremendous -- the us keeps her border against mexico not an open one , but when many , many people want to get in by any means possible , it becomes terribly difficult to block people . 
  hungary 's razor wire fence is , honestly , something of a symbolic gesture -- in the short term , it might manage to route people around hungary as long as other borders remain open , but it will hardly , without tremendous buildout , stop someone already willing to illegally immigrate if the other borders close . 
  no , i think that if european countries want to greatly-decrease illegal immigration , rather than trying to live with some degree of it , i suspect that it will probably require both ( a ) establishing a way to discourage illegal immigration , which probably means making the default being placing most illegal immigrations in [ immigration detention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_detention ) upon being discovered and ( b ) broader ways to identify people people illegally in a country ( identity cards and maybe checks ... which the uk does not currently have , nor the us ) . 
  an alternate would be ( c ) simply making the cost of violating the border extremely high , so that nobody is willing to risk it , like shooting people crossing it on sight . 
  i know that some people here have proposed this , but i think that they may underestimate the cost ( it 's easy to man a checkpoint , harder to block the border outside of checkpoints that might be crossed on foot ) and risks and the political viability ( eu present or not ) and overestimate the effectiveness -- people are already crossing the mediterranean , which has at least something like a 0.1 % mortality rate -- smaller , but still not something that i 'd sneeze at . 
  yes , it 's possible to construct sensor networks and relocate people away from borders and set up rapid-response units and all that , but that 's going to cost a lot more than a razor-wire fence ... and the us already has a lot of that sort of thing in place and yet [ people still steadily cross ] ( http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-border-tunnels-20150501-htmlstory.html ) . 
  you 're not caging a cow -- humans are pretty wily , particularly when smugglers are involved . 
  you could make human smuggling a capital crime , do a lot of other things , and i 'm sure that you could impact things , but even if there 's truly the will to do this , most of those things do n't seem to me to be tied to non-membership in the eu -- if europe feels this way , it seems to me that they could be done within the confederacy as well . 
  in some ways , things might also become worse . 
  remember how early-on , people were complaining about how countries were n't cooperating , and how that was the main concern ? 
  greece and italy were simply letting people in and pass through , since no other countries were taking people that they registered and they did n't want legal responsibility , particularly since those people were going to do everything possible to pass on through without being registered * anyway * . 
  if the eu splits up , this seems likely to simply be exacerbated -- each country will simply act as a conduit to the destinations , and other member states will have even less influence . 
  no ex-member state will have much reason to crack down on human smuggling . 
  no , i 'm not disagreeing with you that illegal immigration will be an ongoing issue for europe . 
  but , on the flip side , i doubt that it can be made to go away by the simple expedient of dissolving the eu , either . 
  i 'm going to disagree . 
  some of it may not be well-supported , and maybe it 's overblown , but everything / u/valleyshrew listed there could at least potentially be a real concern . 
  certainly it 's not something i 'd dismiss as `` dumb garbage '' . 
   europe wants to import millions of people who have been raised from the crib to hate the western world . 
  i do n't think that all of mena has been `` raised from the crib to hate the western world '' , but certainly there is a substantial chunk of people who , in one way or another , do reject major elements of culture or are angry about it in some sense . 
   there is no benefit for europeans ... 
  there may well not be a net benefit . 
  certainly it 's not an argument that can be called absurd on the face of it . 
   ... and it destroys our liberal values in the long run . 
  i 'm inclined to think that technology is more-responsible for causing a shift to what we 'd call liberal values today , but there 's no denying that immigration does bring values with it and does alter the destination society . 
   europe wants to censor anyone who opposes them . 
  i 'd say that that 's exaggerating the situation , but certainly i think that the recent stuff on hate speech could have a chilling effect on criticism of the situation . 
   europe wants to have islamic preaching and education funded by the taxpayers . 
  the uk does do this , as i understand it . 
  i can believe , though i do n't know whether-or-not this is the case , that there are eu initiatives that support it . 
  whether-or-not / u/valleyshrew is * right * -- i personally do n't agree with him on everything there , and i would call all points exaggerated to some degree -- i do n't think that it 's reasonable to call it `` dumb garbage '' . 
  there 's nothing there that does n't have at least what i 'd call a real concern of some sort at its core . 
  not caring about europeans by not establishing a fiscal union or not caring about europeans because of moving uncomfortably close to fiscal union ? 
  can i reasonably reduce it to `` the eu is encouraging immigration from outside europe to an extent i do not expect eu members would '' ? 
  because i 'm not saying that it 's not a real and significant concern , but it seems like a recent issue : the migrant crisis has only been running since , what , [ sometime in 2015 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis ) ? 
  i mean , that 's a bit over a year , and the eu 's been around since 1992 , for 24 years . 
  / u/jmd08 seemed to have more-fundamental concerns in mind . 
   if the eu was here for europeans and cared about them ... 
  in what way does the * status quo * differ from what you 're describing ? 
  edit : i 'm serious . 
  folks who are downvoting , what , specifically , is it that you want the eu to do that it is not presently doing ? 
  oh -- no , no , sorry , i was n't clear . 
  i meant that the cheese should be microwaved , rather than the baguette . 
  i assume that one would just take the baguette straight out of the refrigerator , and that the melted cheese would be enough to heat the baguette right up . 
  have n't you ever had garlic bread made out of french bread ? 
  baguettes are french too ... it 's the same idea . 
  you melt just maybe two or three sticks and immerse the bread until it 's soaked it up . 
  you do n't pack the bread with cold sticks of butter . 
  the idea is that the butter is n't the primary food , but rather the bread -- the bread is so high-quality that you 're supposed to savor the bread 's flavor it rather than just using it to contain the butter . 
  the butter acts as a sort of seasoning to set off the bread 's flavor . 
  well , the baguettes do n't have a brand name on them to google , and the packaging is missing , so there are n't any printed instructions on how to consume them . 
  mimes with invisible bread . 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  they 've got fancy cheeses in france . 
  you get some fromahges day frankiss , microwave it , and pour it over . 
  it 's kinda like giving a pizza the nachos treatment , except over in france they eat it for breakfast instead of lunch and dinner . 
  a paper bag seems unlikely to do much if you 're dunking your baguettes in flood water , though . 
  just for comparison , [ here 's a chart with us fiscal transfers via the federal government ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2011/08/americas-fiscal-union ) . 
  the dollar and the euro are at rough parity , so dollar figures should work ( a few years back , but it still gets the point across ) . 
  remember , for comparison :  ( wikipedia says 7087m $ for the uk , 7488m $ for france , and here it says france : 6094m $ uk : 4357m $ ) new york was the largest absolute contributor , at $ 47,800 m/year average . 
  florida was the largest absolute recipient , at $ 14,900 m/year average . 
  note also that even the most-populous us state , california , is a [ smaller percentage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_and_territories_by_population ) of the us population ( 12.18 % ) than france is of the eu ( 12.98 % ) or the uk is of the eu ( 12.67 % ) . 
   times like these make me hate humanity 's stinking guts . 
  and yet ... they 're being turned up , not ignored and hidden . 
  that 's how they get eliminated . 
  you can choose to view that as a bad thing or a good thing . 
  if you feed 'em extract o ' baguette from three hundred thousand baguettes a day , sure , it might join the same camp as smoked meat and sunshine ... 
  i bet that with the proper additives and food engineering , you could make a baguette that would remain edible for years . 
  they should have a photographic series where every time there 's a disaster , they get a picture of someone walking calmly past it with their daily baguettes . 
  * floods ? 
  guy wading through it with baguettes . 
  * terrorist attack ? 
  guy walking past the crime scene with his baguettes . 
  * five-alarm fire ? 
  baguettes guy walking past * pandemic ? 
  guy with a facemask carrying his baguettes . 
  while the berlin blockade was obviously objectionable , that 's not really an issue of the ussr being a bad trading partner ( or good trading partner , or a trading partner at all ) -- the goods being transfered were n't in trade from the soviet union , but merely transiting corridors from western europe . 
   the process could lead to the eu imposing penalties on warsaw , theoretically including the suspension of its voting rights in the eu council . 
  while i 'm sympathetic to the idea that the media clampdown is an awful idea , the ability to strip voting rights seems like a dangerous power . 
  you mean [ cold response 2016 ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/cold-response-2016-military-exercise-2016-3 ) ? 
  [ simulating an amphibious invasion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seznaatoy-k ) involving re-taking norway is a little bit different when it 's being done * by * norway ( and sweden , and canada , and the us , and a bunch of other nato members ) and at their invitation . 
  gazprom is n't really operating as a player in the free market if it 's directed by the russian government to not sell gas to the above . 
  that 's not what that chart shows . 
  the chart shows that the * rate of expansion * of the hiv epidemic is increasing . 
  every additional person who gets hiv is an expansion of the epidemic , regardless of whether more additional people got hiv last year or this year .
