  i mean , it 'd be possible to potentially house everyone in the inner cities , given sufficient construction there . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't externalities to consider -- sure , everyone can benefit to some degree from a skyline as they wander around during the day -- but specific areas of cities could be built -- take , say , a quarter of a city and say `` this area will be permitted to grow upwards and become the new core '' . 
  it 's not as if tall buildings need be unappealing either , after all ... 
  that 's `` relative '' poverty -- it 's a measure of inequality , not of standard-of-living . 
  if everyone but one person in france had twice the buying power they do now , and one person only got 150 % of their current buying power , that person would have a lower ranking than they do now , by that metric . 
  what you 'd want is a cost-of-living adjusted income in ppp form if what you care about is standard-of-living . 
  ( well , or maybe there 's another more-common way to measure standard-of-living that 's preferred , but it 's not relative poverty . ), 
   that 's the problem though , a labour force which is n't flexible benefits large businesses and hurts small businesses hmm . 
  i mean , i do think that having a flexible labor force is advantageous , but why would it be tied to size ? 
  are layoffs more common for small businesses ? 
  i was just glancing at french employment law , and it looked like companies with fewer than 50 employees have less-restrictive rules than others . 
   50 hours a week normally , market rates ( i.e. 
  you 'd have to pay someone a great deal to make them want to work an increasing amount of time ) restrict that . 
   with less days off if workers were primarily-interested with compensation in the form of days off rather than pay , that 's what employers would use . 
  you 'd be an unwise employer to try to only pay people in salary than in days off , even if it were cheaper for you to do the latter ( e.g. 
  an employee produces $ n over the course of a day , but an employee would value an additional day off at $ 2n ... but you insist upon instead paying them $ n for the work instead of cutting pay by $ 2n and providing a day off ) . 
   job security the flip side of job security is that employers are more-reluctant to hire . 
  that means that you 've got higher unemployment ( at least for permanent jobs -- and being encouraged to artificially use temporary jobs hurts both workers and employers ) and lower wages than would otherwise be the case . 
  in a system that does n't impose barriers to layoffs , though , you can produce the same effect yourself , if that 's what you want ( and i would suggest that you should ! ), 
  an employer in france is required to provide two month notice to lay someone off . 
  you bank two months of pay , and now you 've created your own equivalent job security . 
   if you work more than 35h/week you 'll be less paid than you were before . 
  is this moving away from a `` you * ca n't * work more than 35 hours a week '' state of affairs , or did they just try to discourage people from working more than 35 hours a week where before it was normal ? 
   the nice thing about gas shortages rumors is that they always come true . 
  because as soon as it happens people fill up additional tanks until the stations are empty . 
  this seems to indicate that there 'd be a lot of money in : * increasing prices during such an event . 
  * warehousing gasoline ahead-of-time and then selling against the higher prices . 
  i do n't think that ( representative ) democracy , in all cases , yields the best outcome . 
  it seems to deal with a lot of major problems that afflict other forms of government , though , and i 've yet to see something that i 'm sold on working better overall for countries . 
  modern democracy is pretty young and there are still a lot of things to try . 
  there 's an optimal form of government ( for some sense of `` optimal '' ) , and it probably does n't look precisely like what exists today . 
  not unless you want to establish that the norm in the eu is to throw member states under the bus when it becomes convenient . 
  seems like an undesirable precedent to set . 
  * if you start killing people on sight , you lose the ability to incentiveize them to do anything else , like , say , not killing police to try to get away . 
  people with nothing to lose are really hard to handle . 
  * i think that if you 're going to break treaties and international laws and the other things that such a policy would involve , the eu would be better-off just deporting people somewhere unpleasant ( `` to somalia you go ! '' ) . 
  that 's less-extreme and is probably about as effective . 
  * i 'm personally dubious that that 's the most net beneficial thing to do . 
  there 's a very large gap between `` okay , you can come in and work and get legal residency and have a chance at citizenship '' and `` bullet in the head '' to work with . 
  you do n't need to take the most-extreme action available . 
  high velocity one-euro coins can really hurt ... 
  if there 's one place that i bet that you * would * be detected , it 'd be there , due to the military significance of the place . 
  maybe . 
  when this whole thing started up , one of the first things i commented on was prostitution . 
  it 's not always the case that human smugglers get paid off up front -- they can also make money by having someone pay over time if they do n't have the funds up front . 
  if they can make someone work and take a cut of their pay over time in the future , they can fund human smuggling now . 
  one of those routes is via moving their targets into prostitution , possibly informing them about the full depth of their debt only at the time the trip has been completed . 
  prosititution is not a skilled trade , and someone who does n't speak the language well or have contacts in the country and is present illegally is a very good target . 
  [ planet money had a podcast about one such person a while back ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2016/01/08/462438973/episode-675-the-cost-of-crossing ) :  this week on planet money , we cross the border and meet up for lunch in mexico with a human smuggler , who breaks down his organization 's business model . 
  and , we speak to a woman who tried to be smuggled into the u.s. 
  her story took a dark , but all too common turn . 
   in any case , a labour shortage would be useful in the uk because fairly high inflation is needed to bring down the real price of housing ( even if some future government pulls its finger out and reduces demand and increases supply , the nominal price ca n't fall too much ) . 
  as an unrelated issue : unless the uk is absolutely hell-bent on nothing changing , i really think that it would make much more sense as housing prices go to permit more and taller housing . 
  the equation is n't complicated : if someone believes that they can sell housing for more than it costs to build it ( well , plus a certain percentage of profit ) , they will build that housing unless they are prevented from doing so . 
  all that 's required is not preventing them from doing so . 
  lift height caps in a substantial area , or accept that not all the things that are marked as historical landmarks can be preserved in perpetuity , and simply select a portion of them for redevelopment to free up that space . 
  let an increased supply sate the unmet demand . 
   the end solution is bring the war in syria to end . 
  that eliminates a legal basis for claiming asylum , true . 
  and it 's one approach . 
  it has some benefits -- maybe suppressing wars is a good thing to create an incentive for . 
  and i personally think that there are benefits to doing this kind of thing in general , particularly in europe 's vicinity . 
  but consider what happens if this approach is the one approach : as overpopulation occurs and resources become scarce , so do wars . 
  it 's not usually two fat , happy peoples off waging war against each other . 
  africa is [ packed full of ongoing conflicts today ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts ) . 
  will the eu need to involve itself in every conflict around the world to avoid asylum claims ? 
  somalia , syria , nigeria , cameroon , niger , chad , turkey ( okay , turkey 's government probably has that under control , though i suppose it could still act as a basis for asylum claims ) , pakistan , libya , yemen , egypt , sudan , and south sudan all have active wars with at least thousands killed in each country in the past year . 
  and remember all the people who are claiming to be from any country that likely offers a legal route in -- a civil war happens in cameroon , and you 're going to have a ton of people from nigeria trying to claim that they 're fleeing cameroon if it gets them into the eu . 
  countries in civil wars may not have a fantastic way of verifying citizenship and honest-to-god actual refugees may not have access to their documents . 
   in the meantime , all arrivals to europe need to be logged an accounted for . 
  that i agree with , and i think that at least in * part * , the disincentive to be logged has been removed ( though the other day , the netherlands or denmark or someone was claiming that since germany fingerprinted someone , they needed to be the responsible party ) . 
  if you do n't have the data on who is running around , it 's hard to do much of anything . 
   also , there should be a stipulation at the un level that a refugee can not gain citizenship via residency . 
  this one i would disagree with . 
  it does n't make sense for the un to mandate this any more than mandate that they * must * gain citizenship -- after all , what if a country wants or does not want to grant citizenship ? 
  a country that does n't want to take in citizens can pass a law on that itself ( and * there * i think that there might be a good argument for eu members to consider -- assuming that they do not want citizens , they might want to make it explicit up front that asylum , or at least asylum in the current situation , is n't a path to citizenship ) . 
  there 's a second issue , and that 's that in the eu , citizenship in one country grants extensive access to other countries ( and , ultimately , perhaps citizenship in the country of the eu , were federalization to occur ) . 
  however , individual countries have no control over the ability of other eu members to grant citizenship . 
  it might make sense to establish some sort of brake -- for example , to permit a majority vote in the eu to place caps on citizenship grants or block citizenship grants to given groups . 
  because the eu permits for freedom of movement and of labor , all eu members have a stake in each others ' immigration policies , but currently no voice in those policies , and that seems like it would be likely to be a problem . 
  i think that there are more-restrictive-on-immigration-than-the-one-being-taken approaches that are viable ( though you 're certainly right that there are some non-realistic proposals ) , but if you want that , you need to get an eu member to float a serious , viable proposal . 
  otherwise , maybe it seems reasonable to complain about members failing to produce good proposals , say , but not in germany refusing to give other plans a chance . 
  if the netherlands had said `` here 's what we would like to do '' and then the other eu members say `` yeah , we should do that '' , and then germany says `` no , and i 'm going to use clever political processes to undermine you and block your plan '' , then it would seem completely-legitimate to complain about germany 's influence . 
  but right now , that does n't seem warranted to me . 
  it may be that the existing plan is n't a good one , and that could be complained about and maybe fixed . 
  maybe the eu structure is n't well-suited to producing new proposals , and that could be complained about and maybe fixed . 
  maybe eu government-running political parties are too-enthusiastic about immigration , either failing to listen to the concerns of the people they represent or failing to explain why their plans are a net benefit , and that could be complained about and addressed . 
  but complaining that germany is n't letting alternative approaches in seems to me to require serious alternatives being raised and then politically-blocked by germany . 
  and i have n't seen that in the news . 
  even for the water portion ... i 'll grant you lake peipus , but to be honest , [ the narva river does n't look too hard to get across ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/leejongwon/7730458530 ) -- i mean , i could swim that without the slightest bit of trouble . 
  even if you do n't know how to swim , plenty of people [ similarly cross the rio grande at the us southern border ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwmfsusyo1k ) -- just have someone with an inflatable boat and you do n't even have to get wet . 
   the point is that we 're pushing for stricter border control and contributing ourselves in that . 
  i mean ... i 'm not trying to be a downer . 
  it 's just that whatever goes into place does n't buy something unless it works . 
  i am not saying that it 's not possible to lock down the estonia-russia border to border-jumpers , but i just do n't think that the things here will stop someone who wants to cross . 
  technically , an anti-transgender agenda really is n't the same thing as an anti-gay agenda . 
  [ guy fawkes night ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes_night ) is a popular community event , yes ? 
  do n't sell the community-building aspect of explosives short !, 
  i would guess that the migrant crisis represents at least 10 % of the eu 's political issues at the moment . 
  what realistic , alternative plan has been proposed by someone else that is being ridden roughshod over ?
