  leave montenegro in any direction but south and you 're going to crash into an eu member . 
  that does n't really seem like eastward expansion . 
  expansion , okay , but not really eastward . 
  it 's fighting people who have rifles and maybe manpads . 
  it 's not just capable , but substantial overkill . 
  isis is mostly in iraq and syria . 
  the uk ran iraq and france syria for some time [ not all that long ago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement ) . 
  it could be preferable for the transit countries if the only way to get refugee status in the eu is to apply from turkey . 
  i 'd say that it was n't a bad idea at all , if it permitted demonstrating a separation between islam as a whole from the positions of some violent extremists . 
   they also need to strip citizenship from the muslim hate mongers . 
  that 's a dangerous punishment . 
  the us considers it unconstitutional . 
  if you * ever * permit stripping citizenship , then you can have 98 % strip citizenship from 2 % ... then 96 % strip citizenship from another 2 % ... and so forth . 
  hard to limit . 
   mosques are a breeding ground for radicals . 
  closing * all * mosques means that you 've got an underground , suppressed religion , though . 
  the [ romans tried to deal with christianity that way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-christian_policies_in_the_roman_empire ) , and it was n't very effective . 
   definitely not all down to brute strength and numbers ( like russia can offer ) russia has [ 28 bomber or ground-attack aircraft in syria ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/22/world/middleeast/russia-deploys-ground-attack-aircraft-to-syrian-base.html ) , as well as throwing some cruise missiles in from russian ships initially . 
  the uk has [ 10 mq-9a reapers , 8 tornados , a destroyer , an attack submarine , and some trainers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_shader ) . 
  the difference is n't * that * large . 
  i 'm not criticizing nato on this -- just saying that i do n't know if that headline would have been expected in , say , 1965 . 
  if the idea is that the driving factor here is that the governments involved are wanting to bomb countries to kill dark-skinned people : ( a ) serbia 's pretty light-skinned and it got bombed by nato . 
  ( b ) that seems like a pretty strange rationale . 
   ... gazprom complained to the eu your lng terminal was `` anti-competitive '' ... 
  source ? 
  google did n't turn up anything for `` lithuania gas anti-competitive gazprom '' . 
  you do have a mutual defense agreement with the other eu members . 
  that 's just [ fundamentalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamentalism ) , though :  this tendency is most often characterized by a markedly strict literalism as applied to certain specific scriptures , dogmas , or ideologies , and a strong sense of the importance of maintaining ingroup and outgroup distinctions , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] leading to an emphasis on purity and the desire to return to a previous ideal from which it is believed that members have begun to stray . 
  fundamentalist movements have existed throughout christianity and judaism and i strongly suspect other religions . 
  martin luther says `` hey , selling indulgences is a lot of bullshit ... the bible does n't say anything about this !, 
  the pope is a liar ! '', 
  and you 've got yourself a fundamentalist movement . 
  all three of the abrahamic religions have a written core and state that they must not be changed and must be passed down accurately , as well . 
   i 'm saying you do n't go to the rspca centre and just start heel stomping everything with 4 legs in the area because your mates want you to . 
  is that what the vote specified ? 
   what has bombing isis in iraq achieved https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american-led_intervention_in_iraq_%282014%e2%80%93present%29  by april 2015 , isil had lost 25 -- 30 % of the maximum territory they had gained in iraq in december 2014 , to iraqi and american-led coalition forces , leaving them in possession of around 15,000 square miles of iraq . 
   if the usa , uk , russia , france and china can all agree on a course of action then i really think there 's no need to ask parliament about it . 
  if you 're listing the unsc members , i 'd point out that there are also the non-permanent members . 
  bombing will not and can not be a magic button , though . 
  it 's a tool in the toolbox , and maybe a necessary one , but at the end of the day , you 're going to have to sell the people in syria . 
  the us dropped far more bombs on vietnam than have been or are likely to be dropped on syria , and it did n't do what the us wanted at all , because the political side was handled badly . 
  if syrians wind up simply giving up on syria and permanently-leaving , it 's a loss . 
  if syrians wind up aligning with isis , it 's a loss . 
  if syrians wind up aligning with assad , it 's a loss ( well , except for russia , for which this would be rather nice ) . 
  and if you just drop bombs indiscriminately and kill off a lot of unrelated people , you can wind up generating more political opposition than you kill off . 
  it could go badly . 
  it could go well . 
  but whichever of those two is true , i do n't think that it can be simply reduced to `` bombs are good '' or `` bombs are bad '' . 
  there have been failures involving bombing and successes involving bombing . 
   generalisations never hold water . 
  i see . 
  i 'd say that airstrikes in syria have vastly less collateral damage than in , say , vietnam . 
   before the rise of the islamic state , no group in the past few centuries had attempted more-radical fidelity to the prophetic model than the wahhabis of 18th\u2011century arabia . 
  they conquered most of what is now saudi arabia , and their strict practices survive in a diluted version of sharia there . 
  haykel sees an important distinction between the groups , though : `` the wahhabis were not wanton in their violence . '' they were surrounded by muslims , and they conquered lands that were already islamic ; this stayed their hand . 
  `` isis , by contrast , is really reliving the early period . '' when your complaint is that saudi arabia 's islam is insufficiently pure and hardcore and that :  the last caliphate was the ottoman empire , which reached its peak in the 16th century and then experienced a long decline , until the founder of the republic of turkey , mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk , euthanized it in 1924 . 
  but cerantonio , like many supporters of the islamic state , does n't acknowledge that caliphate as legitimate , because it did n't fully enforce islamic law , which requires stonings and slavery and amputations , and because its caliphs were not descended from the tribe of the prophet , the quraysh . 
  ... the ottoman empire 's height was insufficiently pure and hardcore islam , you 're kinda on the fringes . 
  greece and turkey joined nato in 1952 , west germany in 1955 , and spain in 1982 . 
  aside from that , no changes until 1999 . 
  the borders were n't changing much during the cold war . 
   adm. vladimir komoyedov , chairman of the duma 's defense committee , said , `` they are ready to admit even the north pole to nato just for the sake of encircling russia . '' hypothetically , might be possible . 
  the us has n't yet ratified [ unclos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_claims_in_the_arctic ) , which i expect would mean that the us might simply refuse to honor russia 's claim to the north pole being within the russian eez , even if the continental shelf claim holds up . 
  if it is n't attached to russia , i guess that it winds up part of a nato member 's eez . 
  i realize that perhaps it 's easier for me to say this from the us , but i am fairly confident that russia would not invade a nato member , not without some substantial changes in the current environment . 
  the tradeoff just does n't make anything like sense for russia -- there 's a lot to lose for russia , and little to gain . 
  russia ca n't beat nato in conventional warfare . 
  a nuclear war runs a very high likelihood of being a massive loss for russia , even if it 's also a loss for the nato nuclear powers . 
  that means that russia would need to be gambling on one of three scenarios : * being able to take land and then ward off nato with the threat of nuclear weapon usage , even with nato knowing that such a use would not be in russian interest or even in line with declared doctrine . 
  * managing a successful nuclear first-strike , destroying all nato second-strike capability . 
  this would be an extreme gamble , particularly with three nato members with submarine-launched nuclear weapons . 
  * betting that nato would simply refuse to respond to a member being attacked and its land annexed . 
  this also seems like an extremely-risky gamble -- the us and the uk alone went up against communist chinese and nuclear-weapon-possessing soviet forces in korea , and that was without the rest of the nato dogpiling in and when russia had a lot more military clout . 
  the other problem is that even in the unlikely event that any of the above situations came off successfully from a military standpoint , the ensuing world would almost-certainly be a worse place for russia . 
  in the case of a first strike turning europe and the us into a post-apocalyptic wasteland , there 's a huge economic loss for the world , including russia . 
  in other cases , it seems extremely difficult to believe that countries would simply silently swallow the outcome : there are a thousand ways in which countries could respond . 
  is it worth assassinations , destruction of pipelines , important russian infrastructure , total economic isolation , etc ? 
  it just seems like a fool 's gamble , with bad outcomes for russia in almost every sense . 
  i would be more-willing to believe a russian attack against a non-nato member like sweden or finland : the costs might be substantial there too , and would either need to gamble on eu non-response or winning a conventional war at long odds ( just not as long as nato ) . 
  i still have a hard time seeing russia gaining more than it loses in that case . 
  granted , i also would say the same about crimea , and that happened , but at least the eu had n't yet entered into a defense agreement with ukraine . 
  whether-or-not the same rationales are applicable here , i think that it 's fair to say that the soviet union 's primary concern in world war ii european land annexation was n't the expansion of socialism . 
  turkey * does * have the notable advantage that it ( a ) probably does n't provide extensive welfare benefits , which means that eu countries do n't need to withdraw from the refugee convention or provide hefty welfare and ( b ) has a water border that is easier to control than most eu borders . 
  but yeah ... i have a hard time seeing turkey getting a better chance of eu membership via doing this . 
  if the funds are worth it , that might be a reasonable trade , on the other hand . 
   unfortunately we do n't have any desperate impoverished microstates to push around . 
  i doubt any countries will agree to it for any reasonable compensation , they know that europe is desperate . 
  < shrug  countries are pretty interchangeable , and as far as i know , australia did n't * force * anyone . 
  hell , you could even ship people to new guinea like australia , if they 're in the business of selling hosting slots in camps . 
  a critical element here is that the location should be less-desirable than wherever people are coming from to also act as a discouragement . 
    withdraw from the refugee convention or revise it   that alone would not do much it would permit limiting freedom to work and access to citizen-level benefits , which will be two major draws . 
   i do n't think you will be able to provide adequate employment that way . 
  that 's fair-enough : unlike the `` find a less-desirable third party '' approach , this really would necessarily entail providing slots for a large number of people . 
   unless we make deals with turkey to house the migrants that will be the end result either way there are other options . 
  here are a handful off-the-cuff : * find a third party who will host camps , as australia has done . 
  if migrants can be reliably-intercepted , and as long as conditions in that third party are less-economically-favorable than those from whence they came , migrants have no reason to want to enter europe . 
  * withdraw from the refugee convention or revise it to avoid some of the benefits it provides , in addition to increasing penalties and/or police work on illegal employment . 
  * cut a deal that incentivises companies to set up production in a special economic zone in turkey or other currently-hosting countries that provide employment there . 
  if the main concern of migrants is employment , the main concern of the turkish public is competition in the existing labor market , and the main concern of the eu is costs of hosting migrants , that could potentially make all parties happy . 
  * either in violation of the refugee convention or after modifying or withdrawing from it or after intentionally-slowing the application process to avoid conflicts , establish camps on an island or elsewhere ; this would be safe for the duration of the conflict but not economically-desirable .
