   how can journalists from the nation that elected trump call ordinary europeans `` far-right xenophobes '' ? 
  how hypocritical is that ? 
  well , to be fair , i do n't think that most of the readership of the nyt are trump supporters -- it 's a left-of-center paper -- and the nyt has said no shortage of similar things about policies proposed by trump . 
  * you 've made numerous public suggestions now either that the british government should hire you to interface with trump or that the us should hire you to interface with someone else . 
  maybe you 'd be good at it -- i 'm not a supporter of yours , but whatever -- but who tries to get a job by this route ? 
  talk to the people in question directly , and if they wo n't see you or say `` no '' , publicly-suggesting it on tv seems like it wo n't do much . 
  * you are asking for a diplomatic position . 
  your * current * position recently saw you walking into the european parliament and rather-nastily telling the entire body there that they 'd underestimated you and then tell them that none of them had worked a day in your life . 
  this is n't serving your country -- in fact , i think that you did a great disservice to your country -- but yourself . 
  diplomatic positions involve making people interface smoothly and maintaining self-control . 
  * do you have any significant expertise in the middle east ? 
  as far as i know , your expertise is in british domestic politics . 
  * you have numerous statements that are quite critical of muslims . 
  how , exactly , are you going to be an effective figure if you 're known in not insignificant part for saying nasty things about the bulk of the people you 'd be responsible for dealing with ? 
  i mean , almost all the relevant things about nigel farage that i can think of would tend to be disqualifying characteristics for such a position . 
  if it 's islands , it 's gon na be naval , and the china/us naval disparity is greater than the japan/us naval disparity was . 
  this also did n't work with mexico the first time around . 
  in fact , the broad strategy of `` let 's choose a much-militarily-weaker country than the us that wants to fight the us and agree to ally with it to take on the us as a way of strengthening ourselves '' is kinda questionable ... 
   well , we 're neutral unless the us commands it . 
  we 're us 's little bitch , sadly . 
  well , we 're clearly noninvolved and neutral . 
  ca n't dream of poking our noses into european conflicts . 
  nor does the us . 
  it 's not a grade-school playground . 
  countries do n't go around just trying to piss each other off for the sake of it . 
  specifically what do you mean by `` consolidation mode '' ? 
   on `` possible transitional arrangements '' , the memo said : '' [ mr davis ] stated that he was ` not really interested ' in the discussion around the arrangements ... 
  he 's the brexit minister . 
  is n't the purpose of his job to deal with these things ? 
  well , what would your desired approach be ? 
  wait five more weeks , give the requested delay , and that would reverse your opinion ? 
  but the eu is n't one world government . 
  it 's not even a goal of the eu . 
   anti-russia campaign do you think that a different country getting caught in state-run doping programs would have been ignored ? 
  like , if brazil had had hundreds of athletes involved , everyone would have collectively shrugged their shoulder and said `` well , it 's just brazil , we 'll ignore that '' ? 
  that seems really unlikely to me . 
  i do n't think that it 's so much * russia * as it is being caught with a large-scale doping program . 
  what the devil is the * point * ? 
  i mean , i can understand why an athlete might do it -- they have endorsement potential . 
  they can make money . 
  but why the dickens would a * state * do it ? 
  a state does n't get anything from its medal count . 
  maybe some viewers of the games momentarily feel good about their medal count and then forget about it . 
  it does n't buy the state anything . 
  so you just want any organization in yhe world to break up into its component parts ? 
  like , russia to crack up , the uk to break up , etc ? 
   `` vw may soon push the government to believe the company and its top executives are obstructing justice , '' gordon said . 
  well , they 're just digging themselves deeper and deeper . 
  [ 18 u.s. code \u00a7 1519 - destruction , alteration , or falsification of records in federal investigations and bankruptcy ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1519 )  whoever knowingly alters , destroys , mutilates , conceals , covers up , falsifies , or makes a false entry in any record , document , or tangible object with the intent to impede , obstruct , or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the united states or any case filed under title 11 , or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case , shall be fined under this title , imprisoned not more than 20 years , or both . 
  [ 18 u.s. code \u00a7 371 - conspiracy to commit offense or to defraud united states ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/371 )  if two or more persons conspire either to commit any offense against the united states , or to defraud the united states , or any agency thereof in any manner or for any purpose , and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy , each shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years , or both . 
   not the rampant corruption , cronyism and the lies in germany ? 
  not exactly a notable source of those problems . 
  i dunno what the job market is like for dutch nationalist anti-federalists in a federation in which the dutch have spent some time in the melting pot . 
  why is it that the eu had no trouble adding many members , but has great difficulty with an fta ? 
  the level of integration is significantly less . 
  you commented that you voted for trump , so i assume that you 're from the us . 
  why do you want the eu to break down ? 
  it 's not where you live , after all . 
  i disagree . 
  the eu has no reason to want to do that . 
  i fail to see what warning shots accomplish . 
  if you 're going to actually shoot illegal immigrants , i think that you 've a very unwise policy , but at least it would have effect . 
  but warning shots alone are no warning , but a mock-charge , and as soon as word of your policy is out , will do nothing . 
  neither of those is russia , though . 
  i mean , ukraine is hardly seceding . 
  the local seems innocuous to me too , but i do n't examine it as much as the mods . 
  breitbart -- at least the us version -- seems very unlikely to have much appeal to europe . 
  it is heavily bound to us domestic material . 
  i 've never seen people linking to it , but it seems like it 'd be downvoted here . 
  i do n't think that daily mail is allowed . 
  thank you for expressing my thoughts so well . 
  would they ? 
  i mean , is that literally all spain is to a spaniard , a scramble for the wealth of the country ? 
  the state something to throw away if it would shift more resources away from other spaniards ? 
  technically you could have a communist enclave in an anarcho-capitalist world , i suppose . 
  heck , it might actually work well -- communism has run into issues at the level of a country , but communes have existed , a few for extended periods , like the hutterites . 
  naturally , i omitted a word in my post ... :-), 
  she 's said that there will be a referendum on french eu membership . 
  i do n't know whether there will be a referendum on leaving the euro . 
  probably french users would be a in better position to answer this . 
  that 's been claimed during numerous periods of nativism in the past , and it did not . 
  in fact , it 's more-egalitarian and has less conflict today than ever . 
  we 're past the anti-chinese lynchings , the zoot suit riots , the post-civil war african integration , past anti-irish riots , and past plenty of other conflicts . 
  why would there be any reason for an issue to come up after hundreds of years ? 
  oh , i had n't even registered the independent being there . 
  yeah , meant the guardian . 
  well , you want the eu to break up , as i recall , so it probably is n't an issue from your standpoint . 
  she runs on a platform of taking france out of the euro . 
  they 're probably the largest europhile british news outlet , yes ? 
   only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  then would it make more sense to qualify your claims with `` it seems plausible to me that '' or similar ? 
  why do n't you make explicit what you think `` the american experiment '' encompasses , and then we can discuss that . 
  well , why are n't you submitting articles from there ? 
  i think that there is credibility to be found in permitting speech and then debunking false elements of it . 
  what is your source on rt supporting fillon ? 
  that was a two word out-of-context quote . 
  i think that she should have taken a harder line , yes , but that 's been blown out of recognition . 
  given that germany is only one of many countries in the eu , and has at no point diverged from eu majority on immigration , why do you feel that merkel in particular is at fault ? 
  given that there are major advantages in terms of market size , security , and political clout , i think that assertions that there should n't be an eu are pretty tough sells . 
  maybe reform of some sort is necessary , sure .
