  oh , i agree that there are successful examples , but i can also think of a ton of counterexamples -- by making people feel threatened , it also tends to make people band together . 
  here 's a list of [ domestic terrorism over here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domestic_terrorism_in_the_united_states ) , and it was n't very effective in getting desired change : * anarchists were n't effective in achieving their goals via bombings , and developed a public backlash against them . 
  * anti-abortion terrorism did n't result in the termination of abortion services . 
  * eco-terrorism has n't ended animal testing , genetic research , or logging . 
  * 9/11 is easily the largest terrorist act we 've run into . 
  here 's [ osama bin laden 's letter after 9/11 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2002/nov/24/theobserver ) with its list of complaints : there are a long list of things that obl wanted changed . 
  he did not meet with success in achieving his goals , and some ( like the degree of military conflict in the middle east ) have * dramatically * swung against obl 's wishes as a reaction . 
  * the kkk was probably the most-widespread domestic terrorism effort , and while it did manage limited and local intimidation , it did not manage to achieve its goals in the long term and ultimately fell apart . 
  broadly-speaking , i think that here , short of outright revolution , movements that try to achieve their goals politically have tended to do better at achieving change than via intimidation -- it 's difficult to keep people intimidated . 
  the american revolution and the american civil war had a lot of rather lawless groups on both sides running around threatening the political opposition . 
  it was a pretty substantial chunk of people involved , though i 'm not sure whether each wound up doing more to cause people to support the opposing side or the side initiating the violence . 
  i guess in the case of the american revolution , it was probably advantageous to rebels in the sense that , regardless of how it affected minds , peace would have been a loss for them , and an increased level conflict where they were in a position to win that conflict was a plus for them . 
  so maybe as a way of sparking conflict when you believe that an actual revolution is winnable ... that might make sense . 
  i do n't know how viable a kurdish rebellion against the turkish government would be , though -- the kurds are a minority group in turkey , and while i am not familiar with the specifics , it seems like a more-intense conflict would probably not meet with a good outcome for them . 
  i wonder how often in history planting bombs has actually been an effective strategy in getting change . 
   of all corporate loans , 30 % were non-performing , with large regional differences , ranging from 17 % in some of the northern regions to over 50 % in some of the southern regions . 
  in san marino , [ apparently 45.8 % of loans are non-performming ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/fb.ast.nper.zs ) . 
  clinton has a ten point lead over sanders . 
  he 's still not very likely to be a us president . 
   high house is council of europe with democratically elected member states ' heads of governments . 
  i thought that it was the [ european council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_council ) . 
  afaict , the [ council of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ) is something else . 
  well , then , let me comment on them . 
  your earlier comment :  i was in favour of it . 
  then i understood that the end-goal of federalist is n't to create a new european nation , proud of its history , culture and itself . 
  rather , they want to create a big market , with undifferentiated consumers ( which means no national individualities because nations = market segmentation = less profit ) . 
  i do not think that this is the case . 
  for example , the uk , which is probably the foremost example of a country interested in a trade union , is also perhaps the most-skeptical of federalism . 
  federalism would mean that the eu is one country -- it 's asking for tighter and more bonds between current member countries . 
  it would probably tend to make things look more like the us , not more like a free trade area . 
   the ttp is the epitome of what they want . 
  they do not want to create a federation of countries . 
  they want to create a federation of markets , with no countries to set up boundaries to the influence of economic ultra-liberal . 
  it is true that member states in a federalist system would almost certainly not be able to set up trade barriers against each other . 
   well do n't count on me to support such a plan . 
  i am proud of my culture , of my language and while i do think that european co-operation is crucial ; i do not want to become stateless , and have my condition of human being reduced to the one of a simple consumer . 
  the stateless/consumer bit does not seem much like what federalism would tend to produce to me . 
  on the other hand , it * is * very likely , in my eyes , that a federal system would tend to blend cultures and probably tend to lead to more english use in france . 
  that 's a legitimate concern with federalization , but to me it sounds like nearly the opposite of your concern that federalization would not create a european identity -- creating a european identity is invariably going to involve blending of cultures . 
  it wo n't be establishing a french culture for europe . 
  while federalization seems likely to me to accelerate the use of english in france , i think that the root and driving causes behind the use of english are different -- it 's that many of the wealthy countries in the world were using english for some time , such that english became something of a * lingua franca * for business , technology , and diplomacy . 
  as the world becomes increasingly tied together -- after all , we 're thousands of miles away , chatting with each other ... and in english , for that matter ... i have a hard time seeing that process reversing . 
  there are simply too many gains by having a larger group of people able to commmunicate . 
  i could see english as a language changing and becoming simpler ( in fact , i 'm actually surprised that that * did n't * happen as it became widely-used ) , but i do n't yet see something that would stem it , and i 'm skeptical that avoiding federalization would do this . 
  my personal bet that the most-plausible thing that could avoid widespread adoptation of english would be really first rate machine translation , something that could really replace human translators , so that people do n't * need * to learn english to have access to the body of english-speakers . 
  the problem is that i 'm also suspicious that human-level translation is an [ ai-hard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ai-complete ) problem -- that we will not achieve it until at * least * we have achieved creation of artificial intelligence on par with humans . 
  that solution has proven to be a surprisingly elusive one for decades , and were it to happen , my guess is that it would have dramatic transformative effects on human society -- language use would be the least of our concerns . 
   i shared my feelings about why the eu should not/won ' t federalize more . 
  one of the big reason , that i did not emphasis enough are the requirement to get the eurozone a fiscal transfer policy . 
  i can certainly understand that concern from the standpoint of france 's position -- that is , at least in the short term , fiscal transfers are very clearly a negative , as they will make the french people worse off . 
  i think that advocates would describe the long term as advantageous -- france would be a member of an organization that tends to * require * less funding to get by , and eliminating wealth disparities would tend to avoid mass population movement to wealthier areas , the other way to connect poorer labor with employment . 
  each countries will have its sovereignty and control on borders . 
  but obviously , there should be agreements to create a schengen ii that would make it easy for europeans to travel and live abroad . 
  i do n't see how this can be done from a practical standpoint . 
  the eu already provides for freedom of movement and of labor independently of schengen . 
  the goal of schengen , in its present form , is to eliminate internal border controls , as they add to delay , create a transaction cost at borders . 
  if you want internal borders , what you want is to eliminate schengen -- people with citizenship in an eu member would still be able to cross borders , but they 'd have to undergo a passport check , like what the uk and france have now . 
  that 's a viable system ( obviously , as the uk uses it ) but it comes with real costs in that it tends to disconnect the peoples and economies of each country . 
  it 's harder to trade with or work across a border . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what is your concern with the idea of establishing a strong external eu border , but leaving down internal eu borders ? 
  i think that almost everyone would agree that the present approach has serious problems in that people are * not * being intercepted and processed at the external eu border , but one way of fixing that would be making the external eu border stronger . 
   absolutely . 
  and those two are n't exclusive . 
  a europe solely based off economic `` prosperity '' is doomed to fail and hurt the `` european exception '' , that is , the mosaic of cultures that have shown to be among the most prolific and enlightened . 
  well , i think that most would say that federalization will tend to move things away from being simply a trade union . 
  it wo n't address some of your other concerns ( like wanting french legislation to be able to override eu legislation -- if you do n't want eu-level legislation , that 's a very real concern about federalization ) . 
  but one thing that federalization * will * very likely do is to tend to move european countries more-closely together . 
    you want to militarily-align with russia , militarily-disconnect with north america and turkey . 
  read again . 
  non-alignment has a meaning . 
  it does not mean aligned on russia . 
  well , i saw this bit :  ** a pan-european union that would include russia ** and switzerland ( not turkey ) ... exit nato . 
  that would tend to align france with russia in the same sense that , say , france and the uk are aligned by being in the eu , even if they do n't have a common military . 
  it might also be added that iraq was not a nato operation . 
   most importantly . 
  i want france out of nato , which is nothing but a tool for us diplomatic supremacy on europe . 
  obviously , i might be subject to bias here , but i do n't see how nato provides `` us diplomatic supremacy '' wrt europe . 
  it 's a military alliance , and the main way in which i could see it providing leverage would be in threatening to remove military support if < diplomatic goal x  were not achieved . 
  the only real thing that i 've seen the us push via nato for has been for member countries to meet their spending promises -- and even that is simply nagging ( i.e. 
  the us ca n't * force * france to spend more ) , was a level agreed at by consensus of all member countries , and is in-line ( heck , more-modest than ) what you 're talking about wrt the proposed french military spending increases . 
   all i said was that our contribution should be balanced . 
  that is all . 
  france has a huge youth unemployment problem , an industrial sector that has been obliterated since the open market . 
  well , if you do n't like liberal economic policy , i expect that you would n't like my answer wrt youth unemployment -- i 'd suggest that france 's relatively-restrictive labor policy probably contributes to youth unemployment , as it makes a company take a big risk on hiring a worker -- it becomes very difficult to let them go . 
  i 'd certainly say that less-strict restrictions on hiring and firing would help address this . 
  if france wanted to avoid liberal policies * and * wanted higher employment and was willing to sacrifice some overall prosperity for it , it could certainly do that by subsidizing youth employment and taxing the wealth french more-heavily . 
  the us manufacturing sector has also declined in terms of people employed ( though not in value of goods produced ! ), 
  as cheaper labor elsewhere has shown up . 
  certainly , that was disruptive to individuals involved in manufacturing , as is any sort of economic shift to people involved in the industry . 
  on the other hand , the [ us median equivalence disposable household income ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income#oecd_statistics ) did not fall below france 's -- in fact , it 's higher . 
  the us public did not wind up with an overall low standard of living as a result of this . 
  true , a great many of the goods we purchase are manufactured in overseas countries now . 
  however , if -- as seems likely to me -- the concern as regards open markets is at its core one of a declining standard of living , i think that it 's safe to say that the two are not bound up together . 
   i would rather have that money go to help my countrymen who desperately need it . 
  i do n't fucking cares about poland getting a new high-speed train . 
  fair-enough . 
  to the extent that this is a question of values , there 's no argument , i think , against that . 
  i will point out that i believe that some of this will be short-term , bringing poland up to a western economic level , and perhaps that might at least mitigate some of your concern . 
  the ep still looks more-tilted towards favoring smaller countries in seat representation ( i do n't know the specific rules used for allocation ) , not tilted further away than the direct proportionality that the us congress has . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_union_member_states_by_population germany has 81,174,000 people .
