  the proxy * was * all on one side . 
  what it is is a blank check that is of minimal political cost to the legislature . 
  it 's not an agreement to provide a well-specified set of weapons to ukraine with the proviso that ukraine simply sit there and ignore russia occupying part of the country and with penalties attached to any such deviation . 
  they are n't going to vote for a law entitled the `` kick the shit out of russia act of 2016 '' . 
  they 're going to take the least-politically-offensive route to authorize the president to act and to take the political flak , same as every conflict since world war ii . 
  we 've military advisors and trainers in ukraine and now moving arms in . 
  this is the same trajectory that our cold war proxy wars took . 
  the reason you saw so much hemming and hawing over the seemingly-insignificant difference between `` offensive '' and `` defensive '' weapons is because people know darn well where this path can lead . 
  it will maybe decrease the changes of some theoretical future conflict on swedish soil . 
  but ... let me put it this way . 
  the eu is looking at ukraine as a future member , yes ? 
  is the eu willing to bear the costs of reconstruction after a war , of caring for the maimed and the orphaned who wind up fleeing the conflict ? 
  if ukraine is expecting such and the eu is n't willing to provide that , i think that there will be many disappointed people . 
  there are other risks too . 
  i do not think that nuclear escalation is likely , and while that was a gamble that we were willing to take in the past , it is always something of a possibility . 
  a russia defeated in war will not be terribly happy about this , and the conflict will have been moved back into the realm of hard power . 
  russia is n't going anywhere , and is going to remain next door . 
  it is not clear to me that this is a clever way to discourage russian actions against eu members by shifting the costs of discouraging war onto ukrainian soil , as might be an appealing thought to some . 
  i am okay with the risks to the us , and of potential future military escalations involving the us of the war heating up if reasonable alternatives have been exhausted ( which i am not sure they have been ) . 
  i am * not * convinced that there is sufficient buy-in across the eu for the effects of a heating-up war between a 50m person country on her border and a 150m person country , and for the costs of reconstruction afterwards . 
  if the uk got cold feet about people coming in and the eu is up in arms over the cost of refugees now , you will potentially have many millions of people to care for . 
  true , maybe the real issue was where those refugees were coming from . 
  but the point is , war is not cheap or free to a country or even a region . 
  in libya , france and the uk wanted the us to do something with them militarily and were only willing to commit a limited amount of resources . 
  there was then many plaintive calls later from other eu members who sat this out about the later costs and how the outcome was worse than they 'd expected . 
  is the eu willing to accept responsibility for the potential costs here and the willingness to do what 's necessary to bring ukraine to a healthy state afterwards if this becomes a massively-destructive war in ukraine , as it very much could ? 
  you 're expected to be signing on the dotted line here for potentially a lot of resources . 
  i do n't want to , several years down the road , be watching a trashed ukraine with an even more messed-up economy , with pro-russian movements nostalgic for a time before `` the us brought war to ukraine and russia offered a peaceful solution '' , with russia waiting for the next time when ukraine is politicially-isolated and russia can move in , and while eu members look the other way and pretend that they would love to do something but just ca n't and just have nothing to do with this because they do n't want to be on the hook for bringing the ukrainians back to some degree of reasonable standard of living . 
  i saw that dutch referendum where the dutch were nervous about ukraine joining the eu in its * present * state . 
  war has the potential to make ukraine much worse-off and membership even more costly . 
  will the eu ensure that ukraine can still walk that path , having placed herself in a worse-off state ? 
  i see complaints from some member countries about the costs of economic sanctions . 
  my belief is that sanctions are probably more cost-effective than many very likely trajectories of kicking russia out of ukraine and keeping russia out via military means . 
  if you do n't like the costs now , i am dubious that a reasonable route is to move to an approach that may be much-more-costly . 
  i 'd prefer to lock in sanctions , to pass some sort of pact where only a majority vote can end them , and with milestones for steadily toughening them , and with payments to offset losses to parties bearing a disproportionate cost , before advocating for the martial route . 
  its a rare war that winds up as cheap or cheaper than it is initially sold as . 
   russia is waging war on a european nation and no one seems to give a shit . 
  and i agree with the us and the eu opposing russia on the point . 
  but i think that trying to win via proxy conflict may be the most-costly way of winning for ukraine . 
  it 's been done before , but i think that it will produce the most antagonism on both sides . 
  agtms alone will not likely win the conflict with russia peacefully pulling back , as russia can escalate sufficiently by bringing in aircraft and more ground forces . 
  then , do we counter-escalate , bringing in more arms and perhaps using aircraft to to set up no-fly zones ? 
  once we 've committed to the military route , we 're likely to head further down that path , as will russia . 
  it is not likely that this will be a one-off shipment of agtms , whereupon russia will say `` ah , yes , truly i misjudged the determination here ... let us craft a peaceful and mutually-beneficial arrangement and we will leave ukranian soil without further ado '' . 
  russia wo n't win such a conflict if both sides keep escalating . 
  but ... if militarily-forced out , the land they occupy will be trashed . 
  many people living in the regions will be killed , and the infrastructure there destroyed . 
  there will be unexploded shells , unsafe buildings , people who are maimed and killed , and perhaps even a scorched earth as russia loses and pulls her supporters back and destroys what exists , simply leaving rubble piles for ukraine . 
  remember the effects of war in the balkans . 
  ukraine will have many challenges already moving forward . 
  if she can avoid being burdened with the costs of war and reconstruction on top of the other issues , that would be desirable . 
  if it comes down to the only practical way to re-establish ukrainian control over crimea and donbas is military force , then i 'd support that . 
  i simply do n't feel that we 've reached that point yet . 
  if you think that i 'm a putin-bot or even supportive of russia 's activity in ukraine , you 've not read my comment history . 
   arrogance of calling this a proxy war is astounding . 
  this * was * not a proxy war other than via russia using separatists as a proxy . 
  however , if it becomes a situation where the us is attempting to flip the balance via arming a third party , that 's what a proxy war is . 
  just as the korean and vietnam wars were . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proxy_war  a proxy war is a conflict between two nations where neither country directly engages the other . 
  [ 1 ] while this can encompass a breadth of armed confrontation , its core definition hinges on two separate powers utilizing external strife to somehow attack the interests or territorial holdings of the other . 
  this frequently involves both countries fighting their opponent 's allies , or assisting their allies in fighting their opponent . 
    proxy wars have been especially common since the close of world war ii and the rise of the cold war , and were a defining aspect of global conflict during the latter half of the 20th century . 
  much of this was motivated by fears that direct conflict between the united states and soviet union would result in nuclear holocaust , rendering proxy wars a safer way of exercising hostilities . 
  [ 2 ] there were also more immediate reasons for the emergence of proxy war on the global stage . 
  during its later years , the ussr often found it less expensive to arm or otherwise prop up nato-antagonistic parties in lieu of direct engagement . 
  [ 3 ] in addition , the proliferation of televised media and its impact on public perception made the u.s. public especially susceptible to war-weariness and skeptical of risking american life abroad . 
  [ 4 ] this led to the practice of arming insurgent forces , such as the funneling of supplies to the mujahideen during the soviet-afghan war . 
  [ 5 ] if we start moving substantial arms into ukraine without directly engaging russia ourselves to keep the scale limited while russia supplies and aids and provides support in eastern ukraine , but where we want to avoid engaging russia directly ourselves , that 's the same stuff that was happening back during the cold war . 
  using the term `` proxy war '' is not intended to insult ukraine in any way or diminish ukraine 's role in the war . 
  korea saw a very real war involving north korea and south korea that initially was almost-completely simply between koreans . 
  the majority of people involved on each side in vietnam were vietnamese . 
  both were very much fighting a war for their land and people . 
  it is likely that by-and-large , russia is comfortable fighting ukraine but wants to appear to do so via ukranian separatists and the us is comfortable going after russia but does not want direct conflict between the us and russia for world war iii-and-all-that reasons . 
  that 's cold war-era-style proxy conflict , where the real fighting is between third parties but where attempts to flip the balance are made from the outside . 
  my concern is that in both cases , both turned into increasingly-destructive conflicts where more-and-more outside resources were poured in on both sides and expanded into other parts of the country . 
  the war has already caused damage in ukraine . 
  quoting the wp article again :  proxy wars generally have a destabilizing effect . 
  for example , in the middle east , proxy wars between saudi arabia and iran and between israel and palestine have devastated the region . 
  these conflicts have resulted in , among other things , the syrian civil war , the rise of isil , the current civil war in yemen , and the reemergence of the taliban . 
  since 2003 , more than 500,000 have died in iraq . 
  [ 18 ] since 2011 , more than 220,000 have died in syria . 
  [ 19 ] in yemen , over 1,000 have died in just one month . 
  [ 20 ] in israel , more than 8,000 have died since 2000 . 
  [ 21 ] in afghanistan , more than 17,000 have been killed since 2009 . 
  [ 22 ] in pakistan , more than 57,000 have been killed since 2003 . 
  [ 23 ]   in general , the lengths , intensities , and scales of existing armed conflicts are often greatly increased when belligerents ' capabilities are augmented by external support . 
  belligerents are often less likely to engage in diplomatic negotiations , peace talks are less likely to bear fruit , and damage to infrastructure can be many times greater . 
  [ 24 ] [ 25 ] that 's where my concern is . 
  it 's not a statement for or against the justification of one side . 
  it 's remembering many conflicts that grew much larger and bloodier than were initially-intended and caused serious harm to the countries where the war was fought . 
  here , we at least were attempting non-military efforts to shift russia out of crimea and donbas without starting a bloody war . 
  the situation is , at the moment , relatively non-violent . 
  i do not believe that non-military routes have been exhausted , and i believe that their costs may be much lower to ukraine if they can remain economic conflicts between the us-eu and russia . 
  if the us is doing something like this in europe , it will be with the full understanding and agreement of the eu . 
  the reason that the us is probably doing it because it 's more politically-viable to have the us do it than the eu do it . 
  i am not yet convinced that an escalating proxy war on her territory is a good thing for ukraine -- i think that economic pressure would have been less harmful -- but i 'm glad that you 're happy ... 
  http://www.bamf.de/en/migration/asylfluechtlinge/abschiebungsverbote/abschiebungsverbote-node.html;jsessionid=e1ed43fa020aa947b2a34a6219408937.1_cid286  ** prohibition of deportation **   an assessment under section 60 subs . 
  5 and 7 of the residence act ( aufenthg ) can only be considered if protection based on higher-ranking regulations providing protection ( refugee protection , right to asylum , subsidiary protection ) was turned down . 
  prohibition of deportation in accordance with section 60 subs . 
  5 of the residence act   in accordance with section 60 subs .
