  a couple hundred years back , we were all burning people as witches . 
  also , if polls are n't weighted by expected turnout , older people ( pro-leave here ) tend to see better turnout , and that may relatively strengthen leave . 
  or they predict remain . 
  if this is based on the same quantum entanglement limitations that i understood to be consensus a while back , it ca n't be used to do the whole `` instantaneous transfer of information at a distance '' thing -- the really interesting application . 
  also australia . 
  well , the us is kind of fat . 
  why is that unrealistic ? 
  i mean , consider all the people you 're related to in some way who would have been alive in world war ii . 
   and another 15 % to be sent to western siberia if there was one thing that europe was really into during that time period , it was sending people to siberia . 
   did germany help soviet union with ... the part of poland russia took ? 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_annexation_of_eastern_galicia,_volhynia_and_northern_bukovina ) the non-aggression bit was the public part , the alliance the secret-at-the-time part . 
   on september 17 , 1939 the red army entered polish territory , acting on the basis of a secret clause of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact between the soviet union and nazi germany . 
  ** soviet union would later deny the existence of this secret protocol , claiming that it was never allied with the german reich ** , and acted independently to `` protect '' the ukrainian and white ruthenian ( modern belarusian ) minorities in the disintegrating polish state . 
  would n't need to . 
  would need to control the centers of power and co-opt the existing law enforcement structures , same as the soviet administration did . 
  look at how france was occupied -- did n't involve sheer manpower putting everything down , but making use of the existing infrastructure , making use of collective punishments , etc. 
   how any person in the nazi leadership , even a diehard brown shirt , thought this was a ) a good idea and b ) viable is beyond me . 
  * the winter war had shown catastrophically-bad performance from the soviet military . 
  * in world war i , russia ( already in a state of some unrest ) had politically-broken . 
  remember that japan made some similar judgments about the west based on the russo-japanese war . 
  in world war ii , the left-wing government had been able to command more popularity . 
  hmm . 
  that 's not really what i 'm talking about wrt anonymous sources . 
  what wikileaks puts out is pretty well-known . 
  the issue i 'm trying to address is one of dealing with many sources , where learning how-reputable each one is is time-consuming -- think of , say , a a couple hundred youtube submitters , of which which pops up for a handful of submissions . 
  people know what wikileaks puts out -- it 's more-or-less irrelevant from that standpoint who they could have ties to . 
  also , some of the issues faced with anonymous propaganda sources are like those faced with astroturf marketing/shilling . 
  might be possible to reuse any existing solutions for that . 
   the kremlin 's advantage in the information age is that all of russia 's major media outlets are under its control , allowing it to hammer its audience with one , unified message . 
  only relevant for media in russia , though . 
   both rt and sputnik international dropped the word `` russian '' from their brand names which is quite interesting but explainable . 
  al jazeera did something somewhat similar with `` aj + '' . 
   its mandate is to broadcast moscow 's worldview at putin 's behest . 
  i think that the article might benefit from more neutral phrasing -- no need to reference putin . 
   the core of the kremlin 's propaganda , both inside and outside russia , is a post-modernist denial of everything . 
  it 's aiming at destructing the whole liberal concept of western society including democracy itself and its separate elements like free media , fair elections , effective governance , right of people for self-determination and self-governance . 
  no need to mingle analysis with hyperbole or moral condemnation . 
   the idea of freedom of speech , high moral ground in information battle with the west and access to alternative point of view through russian so called ` media ' become a cornerstone concept for kremlin propaganda inherited from the soviet past . 
  i do n't think that propaganda is so much tailored to ` free speech ' in particular as it is needing to be phrased in terms of accepted values , whatever those are -- could as easily be ` self determination ' in the case of crimea . 
  i suspect that that 's a pretty vanilla part of marketing . 
   another difference between soviet and russian active measures can be the benefits of internet and social media usage that kremlin may utilize now to fullest extent and that were not available in soviet times . 
  that allows to create and use anonymous sources for spreading fakes that later will be picked up by mainstream media . 
  yeah , i 've thought about that a bit . 
  it 's hard for a totally-anonymous source to make it into reputable media . 
  there 's a lot of nonsense on the internet , and people tend to filter sources with no reputation out . 
  if you want to propagandize via those , you 'd need to find a way to come off as reputable , but not need to build a reputation . 
  might be possible to just put out material with high production values . 
  an interesting way to automatically flag likely new anonymized propaganda sources would be to use bayesian classification of the text . 
  more useful data could come from logging what times new information becomes available -- if a new pseudononymous source puts out a lot of material also run by known propaganda outlets before they do , might be a red flag . 
  more general counters to disinformation might include building archives of past non-anonymous sources making false claims with debunking and links to reliable sources . 
  here 's a list of 50 past stories they did debunked . '', 
  for cases where people are hired to spam pre-written talking points , having single sources containing rebuttals that can be easily referenced could be helpful . 
  i enjoyed the article . 
  or until military withdrawal and recognition of ukraine 's borders . 
  how does this give up your sovereignty ? 
   i 'd say it is still too little too late . 
  i mean , sweden used to probably be one of the safest countries in the world , now i hear in estonian media crime/rape related stories of sweden more than any other country in the world , by far . 
  i would look for statistics instead . 
  sampling frequency of news coverage on something can be pretty disconnected from it 's significance in the real world -- think of shark attacks or spree shootings . 
    voiding citizenships   that 's not how it works . 
  citizens are not something that can be throwed away - they are integral parts of the state . 
  that 's up to the country , though i agree that there 's a potential pandora 's box there . 
   you will have americanized politics . 
  hmm . 
  are you going off your impressions , or some study , or what ? 
  cabal ? 
  powwow ? 
  not wanting to associate yourself with something does n't mean that the law lets you block use of your trademark . 
  i do n't know about the uk , but in the us , this would presumably be [ nominative fair use ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nominative_use ) . 
  any country in the world could have paid greece 's debt . 
  germany , france , the uk , the us , even slovenia . 
  none volunteered . 
  it seems a bit unfair to single out germany . 
  i do n't think that choosing a currency is the most effective way to promote anti-monarchism . 
   he will just have to make it somehow less appealing to eastern europeans who want to work here . 
  i posted a [ comment on immigration from poland to the uk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4p4tqo/to_stay_open_europe_needs_to_close_its_doors/d4iv3g7?context=3 ) a bit ago . 
  the summary : one hundred years ago , the existing population of the us had concerns -- which i 'd say reached a rather-greater level than they did in the uk , though in many ways they seem similar -- over immigration from eastern europe . 
  in practice , those immigrants worked out pretty well , and i think that if the people then could have seen the reality a hundred years later , they would have been a lot less-concerned . 
  [ apparently not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paintball#united_kingdom ) :  laws pertaining to paintball markers in the united kingdom classify them as a type of air weapon , although some could be considered to be `` imitation firearms . 
  '' [ 91 ] owners do not require a license unless the marker fires above 90 m/s ( 300 ft/s ) . 
  only approved paintballs can be used , and the marker must not be fully automatic . 
  the minimum age to be in possession of a marker is seventeen , except in target shooting clubs or galleries , or on private property so long as projectiles are not fired beyond the premises . 
  it is prohibited to be in possession of a paintball marker in public places . 
  [ though wikipedia 's airsoft article raises some potential limitations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legal_issues_in_airsoft#united_kingdom ) :  there are currently certain restrictions on the possession of airsoft replicas , which came in with the introduction of the asba ( anti-social behaviour act 2003 ) amendments , prohibiting the possession of any firearms replica in a public place without good cause ( to be concealed in a gun case or container only , not to be left in view of public at any time ) . 
  [ snip ]  according to section 36 of the vcra ( violent crime reduction act 2006 ) which came into effect on 1 october 2007 , rif 's ( realistic imitation firearms ) may not be sold , imported , or manufactured . 
  [ 35 ] unrealistic imitation firearms ( if 's ) must have their principle color as transparent , bright red , bright orange , bright yellow , bright blue , bright green , bright pink , or bright purple or have dimensions of no more than a height of 38 millimetres and a length of 70 millimetres ( as defined in the home office regulations for the vcra ) . 
  [ snip ]  from october 1 , 2007 , shops selling airguns as part of their business have become registered firearms dealers and one can only buy from them direct , and not by mail-order . 
  this restriction only applies to airguns and silencers , not to scopes , mounts or any of the huge range of airgun related accessories available from gunshops , and neither does it apply to private airgun sales as available , for instance , in the airgun world bullseyes or the air gunner swapshop . 
    the penalties for breaking the laws that govern airguns are severe and those penalties bring airgunners entirely under the jurisdiction of the full firearms laws . 
  in simple terms , when used unlawfully , airguns are regarded by the legal authorities as firearms , and carry exactly the same legal status as shotguns and live-ammunition guns , with no concession in law for the airguns vastly reduced power levels . 
   this sub consists solely of eu geopolitical experts and meps biographists well , i ca n't speak for the other seven hundred and seventy thousand subscribers , but i 'm not in either of those two groups . 
  < thinks  okay , i can at least see where you 're coming from -- the idea is that government makes bad decisions , but that things are getting better ( or might get better ) and that you do n't want inertia . 
  hmm . 
  if this is such an intrinsic property of government , it seems hard to see why there 'd be a fundamental change . 
  like , let 's say i say `` i will wait 60 years to establish a free trade agreement so that hopefully the agreements then will be negotiated by more high-minded negotiators '' . 
  what would cause one to believe that a few generations down the line , the new breed of free trade agreement negotiators will be more high-minded and less-subject to influence ? 
  what 's the mechanism for improvement ? 
  and would you say that this is a global shift , or specific to the eu ? 
  that is , do you think that the us should have held off on negotiating nafta with canada and mexico some decades back because the free trade negotiators of today ( or tomorrow ) would be better , and cutting an agreement today might forestall a better one tomorrow ?
