  oh , and i 'm sorry to hear about it , uk . 
  it 's front-page news over here too . 
   of course we do n't get your ip , much like we do n't see your ip when you post in / r/europe . 
  that does n't seem like it 's immediately-obvious unless you 're familiar with the irc network used -- i mean , i thought of the same thing . 
  many irc networks do expose user ips ( and doing so is necessary for things like dcc to function ) . 
   i was using the asine requirement for all votes to be done in strasburg as a fundamental problem of the eu , it 's inability to change what is clearly broken . 
  hmm . 
  so is the concern more that you 'd want the eu to have a greater degree of legal flexibility ? 
  like , to lower the bar for adjusting inter-eu agreements , like moving from a unanimity requirement to a super-majority or majority requirement ? 
   how do you think the american public would react to say a requirement for a second united states capitol in say philadelphia , where it 's only purpose is where congress and the senate vote . 
  at a cost of hundreds of millions of $ a year a second united states capitol is maintained purely because a law states `` all votes must be done in philadelphia '' because thats what the original declaration of independence said ( it does n't by hypotheticals here ) . 
  well ... i do n't think that they 'd go in for that , but on the flip side , i also do n't think that it would be a `` break up the us over it '' sort of issue ( and , yeah , i realize that you 're saying that this is just one of more-than-one examples ) . 
  i think people would look at changing it , even if it required a constitutional amendment , which is as high a bar as you can get over here . 
  have there been attempts from the majority of the non-french members to modify the strasburg requirement that have been just blocked by france ? 
   freedom of speech ( e.g. 
  `` hate speech laws '' , political correctness ) , spying on own citizens on the internet and social networks would you support mandatory backdoors in communication systems ? 
  for example , in the us , it 's not legal for a telephone service provider to offer commercial service without some way to provide wiretapping access to law enforcement with a warrant ( though obviously , technological change , things like end-to-end encryption and email have complicated all this ) . 
   gun law so ... while i 'm sympathetic to that preference , which is in line with my own , it 's also the case that gun laws do differ across eu members today . 
  looking at [ europe 's gun laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overview_of_gun_laws_by_nation#europe ) , you 've got fairly-restrictive members , like romania :  romania has one of the toughest gun ownership laws in the world . 
  [ 101 ] in order for citizens to obtain a non-lethal weapon , they must obtain a permit from the police , and must register their weapon once they purchased it . 
  civilians can not purchase a lethal firearm . 
  the only categories of people who are legally entitled to carry a weapon are magistrates , mps , military forces and certain categories of diplomats . 
  a psychological evaluation is required beforehand in all cases . 
  ... and fairly-liberal members , like the czech republic ...  gun ownership in the czech republic is regulated by gun laws adhering to the european firearms directive . 
  the law allows the acquisition and possession of firearms to persons who are not likely to be a danger to themselves , to public order or to public safety and have good cause ; self defense is also considered to be a good cause . 
  generally , a firearm licence in the czech republic is available to anybody above statutory age with a clean criminal history who passes reliability check ( e.g. 
  no proven alcohol/drug abuse , no repeated offences related to firearms , intoxication , public order , violence , fishing or hunting ) , tests about firearms legislation , weapon knowledge and first aid , and a medical inspection ( which may optionally include psychological test ) . 
  the czech republic is as a shall issue country . 
    for ownership of weapons categories a ( prohibited firearms ) , b ( firearms subject to authorization ) and c ( firearms subject to declaration ) a firearm license is needed . 
  moreover for purchase of each weapon category a or b a police issued purchase permit is required prior the purchase . 
  purchase of category a firearm requires police issued exception , such exception is very rare and good cause for purchase of such prohibited firearm is required by law . 
  silencers , gun sights constructed on the principle of night vision devices , and laser sights are prohibited ( classified as category a firearms ) . 
    after the purchase a registration of the firearm category a , b or c with the police is mandatory . 
    gun ownership for self-defense purposes is acceptable . 
  unlike most european countries the czech gun laws allow its citizens to carry a concealed firearm without the need to prove a specific reason . 
  for self-defense purposes by private citizens only fmj and soft point ammo is legal in handguns . 
  number of firearms owned by a single citizen is not limited , however one person may at one time carry no more than two concealed weapons . 
  safe storage rules are defined by the law and the requirements on storage depend on the number of firearms stored and/or amount of ammo stored . 
    sport shooting is the third most widespread sport in the country ( after football ( soccer ) and ice hockey ) . 
  it is , of course , possible to have different gun laws from member to member , but also , with no borders , i expect that it becomes harder for more-restrictive members to enforce their laws . 
  would you be willing to accept something like termination of schengen in exchange for member countries having a wider range of gun laws , or would you need the eu to have freer gun law across the board ? 
  i mean , my feelings on gun policy is similar to yours , but it 's obviously also a big change for members with restrictive laws to open up . 
   i also oppose multiculturalism when you say `` multiculturalism '' , do you mean in the sense of `` policies adopted to retain multiple cultures side-by-side '' or in wanting to not let other cultures in , like , concerns about overwhelming local culture ? 
  the set of policies here that have existed over time and across different countries in europe here are somewhat interesting to me . 
  the us has freedom of religion guarantees , and has people from many different cultural backgrounds showing up . 
  there are also certain policies , like home-schooling , that permit for a fairly-substantial separation of a particular sub-society if you 've got a dedicated group ... the amish and some other groups have religious schools , for example . 
  that freedom of religion is extensive -- some [ groups get drug law exemptions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peyote#united_states ) , others get [ exemption from conscription ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscientious_objector#united_states ) , and others can [ opt out of large chunks of the normally-mandatory welfare system ] ( https://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3821/are-members-of-religious-groups-exempt-from-paying-social-security-taxes ) . 
  on the other hand , outside of freedom-of-religion there is n't really much of a legal guarantee of the ability to have a separate culture in parallel . 
  i just do n't hear about it coming up much . 
  the idea of promoting multiculturalism does n't seem like something that would come up much . 
  `` diversity '' , i suppose , would be the most common us term , but it seems to me that it 's normally a euphemism for matters of sexual orientation or race , not really culture . 
  i also ca n't think of much by way of formal attempts to assimilate culture -- i suppose that public schools are a `` soft '' form of that , since most people attend them . 
  would you specifically want policies put in place to mandate assimilation , or would you want the ability to block particular religions or similar at the immigration standpoint , or would you want simply to get rid of government attempts to support isolated cultural sub-societies in czechia ? 
  that 's kind of assuming a lot about many people 's positions and knowledge based on one offhand comment from farage . 
   he hates britain anyway because of his dad obama 's mother has mostly english ancestry . 
  was there any case where a majority of eu members were promoting a contrary position ? 
  sure , i think that it 'd be a better idea from a political standpoint to have eu officials be taking a larger role , but for good or for ill , the eu is still a confederacy , a collection of states , and they have limited clout . 
  hollande did show up more earlier on in the crisis . 
  my guess , without familiarity with the politicians involved , is that a reason that merkel showed up as much as she did was that she was domestically in a secure position relative to , say , hollande -- she was n't nearly as constrained in her actions . 
   and in reality the greece crisis was about more than just debts it was about internal structures of the eu and the accountability of national governments . 
  it also still is n't solved because just frozen for the time being after brexit . 
  no doubt ... but that does n't really seem like an issue of german dominance . 
  hmm . 
  honestly , the procedures of representative voting do n't seem like they have a huge impact on most people . 
  it might not be efficient , but they do n't see like they 'd be high on the list of concerns relative to even other issues in voting schemes , much less a governmental structure . 
  and there are workarounds for similar restrictions that exist in the us , like voting by proxy . 
  honestly , the whole concept of a physical meeting hall seems a bit archaic -- after all , nobody is really arguing to convince the other members there -- but it does n't seem to hamper most governments . 
  specifically how would your ideal eu differ relative to the present eu ? 
   in reality both projects are impostors . 
  [ snip ]  but for britain to trigger not a `` dis-integration '' but a dismantling of what is already a tottering congeries of states is most dangerous . 
  it would leave germany effectively alone at the head of europe , alternately hesitant and bullying . 
  that has to be a bad idea -- as sensible germans will attest . 
  i think that the `` germany unchained '' thing is kind of silly . 
  germany is one state of 28 ( well , potentially 27 ) . 
  it is 16 % of the eu 's population . 
  its strongest point is that it is 23 % of the gdp . 
  that 's * significant * , sure . 
  but it 's not overwhelming , and influence is n't unidirectional . 
  what 's the concern here ? 
  what , exactly , is the concern over what germany might do ? 
   in a 2014 report on germany , the un 's convention on the rights of the child ( crc ) noted that , `` some advertising campaigns for the armed forces specifically target children , and representatives of the armed forces are sometimes present within the school context , speaking with pupils and organizing activities , '' and urged germany to legislate against it . 
  [ this is as close as i can find to something that seems to conflict with that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optional_protocol_on_the_involvement_of_children_in_armed_conflict ) , and it does n't seem to cover this . 
  that 's really not the case . 
  i 'm pretty sure that that was the greek parliament , not the eu . 
   `` further stoking of anti-russian sentiments ... could significantly aggravate the atmosphere in russian-french relations , '' the ministry said . 
  even in the most favorable-to-russia light , of the four parties involved ( uk , russia , uefa , france ) , i 'm having a really hard time seeing how * france * can reasonably be blamed . 
  also , i just want to add this here . 
  two days ago , a lot of people got ticked off about comments from a russian legislator cheering on the hooligan violence . 
  at that point i saw a lot of people slamming russia , and [ wrote a defense of russia ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nv05t/150_russians_behind_euro_2016_violence/d47n1tx ) :  he 's not very diplomatic , but i 've noticed that legislative representatives around the world have been known to make less-than-diplomatic comments . 
  at the end of the day , it 's not his job to be the official spokesman for the russian state , and his words probably amount to whatever he thinks will be popular with the people in russia that he represents . 
    now , if foreign minister * lavrov * made the same statement , that would be a different matter . 
  and today lavrov is the one in the news . 
  while his statements are less-provocative , the hell with it . 
  russia 's being diplomatically-inane on this , and if she gets roasted over it , that 's her own damn fault . 
  she had the opportunity to smooth it over and fucked it up . 
  the eu has no authority to set or prohibit greek referendums -- that 's all the greek government . 
  to the extent that * that * is applicable , greenland is part of north america too ;-), 
  would be the [ north american ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenland ) - [ south-american ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana ) - european union at that point . 
  i was surprised to learn about it -- some european clarified it on here a while back -- but the eu mutual assistance clause has an exception where countries with constitutional neutrality requirements ( e.g. 
  austria and finland ) do not need to militarily-aid other eu members : in that case , the obligation is only unidirectional instead of bidirectional .
