  i 'd argue that this is a good commitment to make . 
  the ocean is an unforgiving place . 
  you want any vessel within range to help if help is needed . 
  if you want a treaty change , it 's probably to the refugee convention , not the unclos . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's possible to have children . 
  people might not want the standard-of-living tradeoff , true . 
  well , women doing childcare might not need to be the norm . 
  that might be what you were truly thinking of ... but unless you produce a way to grow babies in test tubes , if you want a sustainable society , it 's kind of tough to avoid women having babies being the norm . 
  the alternative would be to have 50 % +1 of women ( and , thus , the norm ) not bear children and to have the remaining female population make up for them by averaging four to five children each . 
  the requirements on the childbearing women would further rise if more than 50 % +1 wanted to not have children . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generation_time  in human populations , the generation typically ranges from 22 to 32 years . 
  at a tfr of 1.91 and an average generation time of 30 years , i guess you 'd still have ( 1.91 / 2.1 ) ^ 3 or just over 75 % your current number of newborns 90 years later . 
  that 's reasonably stable . 
  at a tfr of 1.3 and an average generation time of 30 years , 90 years later your newborns have fallen to under 24 % of the current population . 
  yes . 
  real wages have not decreased since single income days . 
  if it was possible then , it will be possible now . 
  the standard of living would be lower than in a two-income family , though . 
  our standard of living was a lot lower a century ago , and some of the improvement is due to two incomes . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're implying that it would be used against eu members ? 
  how about albania ? 
   asylum is not a granted constitutional right . 
  not in czechia , i expect . 
  it 's not in the us , either . 
  but ... http://www.bmi.bund.de/en/topics/migration-integration/asylum-refugee-protection/asylum-refugee-protection_node.html  `` persons persecuted on political grounds shall have the right of asylum '' , according to article 16a of the constitution of the federal republic of germany , the 1949 basic law . 
  asylum law thus has a special priority in germany . 
    in germany , unlike many other countries , the right of asylum is not only anchored in the 1951 geneva convention on refugees ; it is also enshrined in the constitution as a fundamental right . 
  it is the only fundamental right which is applicable only to foreigners . 
   after all we 're talking about the same europe where two world wars started and the greatest genocide in human history happened . 
  well , you 're talking to a greek guy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide  the greek genocide , part of which is known as the pontic genocide , was the systematic genocide of the christian ottoman greek population from its historic homeland in anatolia during world war i and its aftermath ( 1914 -- 22 ) . 
  [ 1 ] it was instigated by the government of the ottoman empire against the greek population of the empire and it included massacres , forced deportations involving death marches , summary expulsions , arbitrary execution , and the destruction of christian orthodox cultural , historical , and religious monuments . 
  [ 2 ] according to various sources , several hundred thousand ottoman greeks died during this period . 
  [ 3 ] most of the refugees and survivors fled to greece ( amounting to over a quarter of the prior population of greece ) . 
  [ 4 ] some , especially those in eastern provinces , took refuge in the neighbouring russian empire . 
  thus by the end of the 1919 -- 22 greco-turkish war , most of the greeks of asia minor had either fled or had been killed . 
  [ 5 ] those remaining were transferred to greece under the terms of the later 1923 population exchange between greece and turkey , which formalized the exodus and barred the return of the refugees . 
  [ snip ]  deaths : 450,000 -- 750,000 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties  greece : 507,000 to 807,000 so ... they 're pretty comparable in greek eyes , i guess . 
  honestly , russia doing the russia-without-communism thing would have been interesting . 
  i have no idea what the world would look like . 
  [ russia export treemap ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/russia_export_treemap.png ) [ turkey export treemap ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/turkey_export_treemap.png ), 
  globalfirepower [ places germany at # 9 globally , and italy at # 10 globally ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) . 
  i 'm suspicious that the only reason you 're calling the armies `` useless '' is because you 're used to only looking at the very few most powerful ones . 
  western europe and japan being part of the greater soviet empire after world war ii might have been kinda not good . 
  ditto for communist china running south korea . 
  and , hell , for that matter , the us south becoming deserted after the american civil war without the reconstruction era . 
  alternate realities have their warts too ... 
  well . . there are certain broad laws that in practice give the police a fair amount of discretion that i 'm sure exist in the uk , like [ nuisance legislation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuisance ) . 
  many of the things here used to argue for the law seem to be physical actions that are already crimes . 
  i am not seeing how criminalizing speech addresses that . 
   the force defines misogyny hate crime as `` incidents against women that are motivated by an attitude of a man towards a woman and includes behaviour targeted towards a woman by men simply because they are a woman '' . 
  even if you 're enthusiastic about restricting speech , that seems ... broad . 
  and if it really * does * make for a better society , why only apply to men talking about women and not visa versa ? 
  if that is n't a problem , then surely it causes no harm to criminalize it . 
  i have n't paid any attention to the data privacy regulation in the uk , but one of my bigger concerns has never been assessed by any regulation that i 've seen . 
  company gathers tons of data on users or customers . 
  company goes out of business . 
  company is acquired by another company who you do n't really want to share data with . 
  that company begins combining data from multiple sources and data-mining . 
  what i mean is what source are you referring to in saying that it was a military impossibility ? 
  i 've gone over some of the long-since declassified and released material from the us , and the take was not anywhere that i 've seen that it was anything like a military impossibility . 
  there were risks , yes -- there was a risk that argentina could sink your carriers , and that was the most realistic way in which argentina could have halted the attack , but the royal navy had air defenses , and even if * both * of the carriers were brought down , we 'd arranged to transfer you one of our comparable amphibious assault ships . 
  the argentine army was n't impressive , and the air force was not large . 
  you had access to much better intelligence on what argentina was up to than they you . 
  the only real major unknowns that turned out well was that the argentine navy did n't wind up playing a significant role -- a lucky submarine-fired torpedo might have been a risk to the carriers -- and that the soviets , who were monitoring your ships , did n't turn over information on their to the argentinians , which would have levelled the intelligence playing field . 
  let 's go backwards for a few : * afghanistan . 
  us military headquarters and largest office complex was attacked , killing thousands , plus failed attempt against legislative headquarters . 
  afghanistan was n't willing to turn over the responsible parties and was continuing to host training camps for people who wanted future repeats . 
  * isil intervention . 
  government in iraq at serious risk of falling to regional uprising . 
  * iraq : belief that iraq was obtaining weapons of mass destruction -- while certainly the strength of the evidence was intentionally overstated , the belief that there were weapons present was not . 
  true , restrictions on weapons at all is an attempt to maintain military control -- nuclear , biological , and chemical non-proliferation are attempts by countries who might be threatened by them to block them from becoming a threat . 
  but that 's also not unique to the us -- there are a lot of countries that did not want iraq to be running around with the above . 
  now , are those separated from us concerns ? 
  no , certainly not . 
  expanding into syria was n't necessary . 
  assad might not be a nice guy , but we 've ignored plenty of sketchy actions from leaders that we 're friendly with . 
  libya was your baby , but we certainly made a decision to join . 
  none of that is on par with saying `` i wanted that land , and i 'll be rolling in and taking it by force of arms '' . 
  the us has done that , but you 'd need to go back a hundred and twenty years and us and spain fighting for that . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb and say that even if successful from a military standpoint ( which i would not bet on ) , that would almost assuredly make the eu worse-off on ( a ) the domestic political front , ( b ) the international political front , and ( c ) the economic front . 
  it would establish a hostile neighbor on the atlantic for quite some time to come . 
  it would probably start other eu-neighboring countries establishing alliances against the possibility of the eu taking land , the same sort of way that ukraine got a lot more enthusiastic about nato after russia decided to lop some land off . 
  most countries can agree to oppose unprovoked annexation of land in return for accepting that they themselves will not do so , so that winds up with a very unfriendly crowd . 
  i doubt that there would be any non-eu country that would support this . 
  in short -- a lot for the eu to lose , and little for the eu to gain . 
   for the record i have n't looked at the link the summary is that it would be pretty difficult . 
   and saying taking back the falkland islands was a military impossibility when did we say that ? 
   i ai n't sure the american 's are the ones to go ask about invading any anything . 
  well , i 've got a ( perhaps biased ! ), 
  higher opinion of our military , but to set your mind at ease -- the article was written by a british author and the military expert used was from ihs jane 's , a british military intelligence company . 
  and if you 're irked because i 'm advocating for it , i 'm not . 
  i think that it would be pretty stupid for a country to attack the uk . 
   does that make any sense at all ? 
  i think so . 
  your concern is that you presently do n't have enough confidence in the ability of governments to have that degree of authority . 
  that is , indeed , a harder problem -- if the world had a known process to `` fix corruption '' and `` produce good governance '' , it would be a very different world . 
  and i do n't have an answer for that . 
  many countries have * tried * to address those things . 
  i guess we have some things that we know do n't work and some things that at least kinda-sorta help .
