  i imagine that it 'd be possible to manage further subdivisions , and yet there are also cases where people can not consistently put people into one bin or another as things stand . 
  edit : if i needed to pick some set , i guess that i 'd probably use [ some approximation of the us census categories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_ethnicity_in_the_united_states#racial_and_ethnic_categories ) , by virtue of the fact that it enjoys the benefit of inertia , the words have meaning , and are broadly-understood . 
  that being said , `` asian american '' there includes people who came from india and russia , which is n't really in line with the common , everyday sense of `` asian '' in us society . 
   but if your girlfriend or mother is not involved in any illegal activity , then they have no reason to come along family reunification is n't ( well , that i 'm aware of ) part of the refugee process , but rather part of normal immigration . 
  it 's not proposed that it be to protect people , but to avoid splitting families . 
   no one said that the refugees would deserve to move their entire lives to the new country - it 's supposed to be temporary and only protect the person 's life . 
  i agree , and i kind of regret that the question of the path to citizenship from asylum status is n't discussed more , since i think that for many people , this is a more-interesting question . 
  for some countries in europe , my understanding is that once someone has had legal resident status for a certain amount of time , they can apply for citizenship , and as long as they can meet other criteria that i believe people generally meet ( good conduct , etc ) , they will receive citizenship . 
  for sweden , for example , [ this period is five years ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults/time-in-sweden.html ) . 
  the question is one of running out the clock on this time . 
  for people arriving in 2014 , this could already be half-exhausted . 
  there is some good reason for the idea of granting citizenship . 
  for example , let 's say that you 're a member of religion a , and a regime comes to power that executes all members of religion a. twenty years later , it 's still in power . 
  it 's entirely possible that you could spend the rest of your life not being able to go back safely . 
  you 're obviously going to be sort of limited in terms of things like purchasing housing or being hired if you might be deported at any time , and if you 've been functioning reasonably well in society for years ... might make sense to just bring you in . 
  the idea of having some process to try to avoid effectively-stateless people seems to me to be reasonable . 
  how many years , how many decades , how many generations will you go before you say `` it just does n't make sense to deport '' ? 
  i also would certainly not dispute that the process is abusable and that given the payoff , people * will * go to great lengths to try to abuse it , and are doing so now in large numbers . 
  that does n't mean that it * must * be the case that citizenship grants not happen , however . 
  i understand your position , but the question is what 's more-viable for a politician to do . 
  if a legislator does n't want to block immigration now , will he later in what seems to me to be a harder-to-sell situation down the road ? 
  unless sweden * specifically * wants young male immigrants and those alone , it seems that all the same pressures for and against blocking immigration would still apply down the road , plus the added pressure that changing policy then would involve splitting up a family . 
   us voters would not have voted in record numbers for mr. trump had his central message of bad trade deals and the consequent loss of jobs for americans not resonated with the voters . 
  simple as that . 
  that 's true . 
  i would n't agree with it or even with the same arguments being applied to ceta or ttip , though . 
  the us was not going to freeze in time and have a standard of living that kept increasing the way it did , but with the same degree of relative demand for unskilled , factory-line manufacturing jobs that it did . 
  that 's what i think that many people assume was viable , and that 's what anti-free-trade political campaigns are banking on selling . 
  at the end of world war ii , the us was almost the only unscathed developed nation in the world -- it had a perfectly-well-functioning industry . 
  a lot of potential other sources of labor were uncompetitive because they were undeveloped or had a communist system . 
  over time , computers made automation of many low-skill tasks easier -- automated assembly lines became viable . 
  that was invariably going to create pressures . 
  china developed and opened up -- and sure , we could have cut off trade with china , but then that would have made all us industry uncompetitive at an international level . 
  a world without the internet or spreadsheets or vending machines involves more clerks and retail workers and receptionists doing rote tasks ... but trying to enforce that world would have meant freezing a standard of living decades back . 
  secondly , nafta brought people from from a poorer portion of the world ( mexico ) together with people from a rather-wealthier area . 
  few people in mexico are going to be competitive with , say , us lawyers ... but a lot can compete on doing assembly line work . 
  that is n't really comparable to what ceta and ttip do -- the us and the eu tend to have more-similar economies , and if anything the us tends to have wages on the high side compared to most of europe , so europe is unlikely to see a lot of increased competition for low-skill , low-cost labor . 
  but , as a broader objection to the idea of using political rallies to judge the state of a country -- hitler 's message of jewish conspiracies driving things in the world also met with popular approval . 
  pick your own political view of choice -- somewhere out there , there 's a political party that has had people vote it in with conflicting ideals . 
  that makes what people can be sold on politically look like a kinda unreliable metric . 
  i think that pretty much everyone would like to be proud of * their group * , whatever * their group * is . 
  i know that europe is on this big `` let 's suppress that because the world wars were bad and the eu has this new amalgamated identity that we do n't want competition with '' kick , but i think that most people in the world tend to identify with and want to hear good things about themselves , their family , their tribe , their province/territory/state , and their country . 
  if you look at polls , most people * tend * to rank their country more-positively than do most other countries . 
  i think that it 's probably unrealistic to expect everyone to suppress that -- there 's * clearly * some widespread , common sense in which people like hearing and want to hear positive things about * their group * . 
  they can try to suppress it all they want , but ... if i come onto / r/europe , as a non-europe-resident , and just harshly slag on europe , i 'm probably going to be downvoted ... and rather more than if i were doing the same thing for , say , cambodia on this forum . 
  people are n't enthralled about criticism of their group , and * particularly * from an outsider . 
  there are things about the us that i do n't think are very good . 
  the tax code is horribly-complex and overwhelming to the typical citizen . 
  it 's pretty clear , in retrospect , that the decision to invade iraq in 2003 met with far less success than had been expected or hoped for . 
  primary and secondary school education is less-impressive than many other countries that have fewer resources to work with . 
  yet , still , it 's going to leave a bit of a bad taste in my mouth to listen to someone constantly criticizing the us for it . 
  i do n't think that russians are any different on that point . 
  few people , unless it 's out of a desire for self-flagellation , want to be criticized . 
  there 's going to be a predictable sense where people want to be * proud * of what their group is and has done . 
  that 's * doubly * so when `` the tribe '' is at threat or in a contest : you circle the wagons . 
  russia may not be in a shooting war , but it is at least * dabbling * in proxy wars and is fighting on at least the economic front . 
  to ask people to be as objective about their country as they are any other country is , i think , an unrealistically high bar . 
  finally , remember that `` indoctrinated '' can be a misleading word . 
  i grew up in the us . 
  that means that i have run into a collection of ideas compatible with common-in-the-us views . 
  i see the concerns and justifications and cultural pressures that drive us concerns ( i.e. 
  the idea that someone should n't have enough food is almost unthinkable and completely out of the sphere of my experience ; there 's an idea that it 's normal for women to take on a role in society similar to that of men ; the idea of there being some sort of god and that moral , upstanding people buy into him is the sensible thing to do ; the basic precepts and effects of market capitalism are accepted , even for people that do n't have much economic familiarity ; the idea of having one 's country fight in a foreign conflict is a comparatively humdrum , unexciting affair ) . 
  yet , there is n't some government information control board that 's explicitly rigging the media to promote those ideas -- they 're simply present in society , and people present other ideas in a form compatible with these . 
  media is suffused with people presenting stories and ideas compatible with these ideas . 
  in the sense that there are concepts being passed on through society and i 'm being raised among those , i 'm being indoctrinated ... but to the extent that the term `` indoctrination '' suggests something like mao 's '' [ struggle sessions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/struggle_session ) '' , it would be misleading to call me indoctrinated . 
  russians will have the same passing-down-of-ideas-in-society process applied to them , and i think that this is likely the more-important process in any difference in views , not some designed-by-the-kremlin scheme . 
   so , you believe that various stats on cia , un , imf etc will help anybody gauge the effect of all the corporate trade deals signed by us politicians ? 
  yes . 
  i think that household income data , cost-of-living data , gdp , etc is a better source for making that call . 
   or rather i could just look at success of insurgent campaigns running on the back of re-negotiating shitty trade deals that the establishment candidates are for . 
  hmm . 
  i can list several popular things that you 'd have a hard time finding a lot of support for among economists . 
  * rent control . 
  tends to result in housing shortages -- more people fighting over a boat that 's still too small . 
  * minimum wage . 
  too many other variables that can be changed to modify effective compensation , can alter total unemployment , does n't work well with elastic demand , a different pool of people can be hired . 
  * increasing business tax levels to benefit the worker . 
  this was something that occupy liked demanding , probably because they did n't like `` business '' ... despite the fact that this is a more-regressive tax than the graduated income tax that it competes with and that the us has a very high business tax level . 
  if political campaigns do n't give a particularly accurate or solid picture here , why would they do better elsewhere ? 
   which of the 2 options will be easier to process for the average joe ? 
  i suppose that that 's a fair point . 
  i 'd still think that there are rather-better sources out there that condense information than political campaigns -- journalists and academics would still be preferable . 
  part of the problem may be not just the lack of a process , but the fact that we have a threshold for the benefits rather than a gradation . 
  the issue is that if someone claims that they are 17 years and ten months old , unless we are to accept a lot of false positives , we have to have an age-identifying process that can work with just plus-or-minus two months in the strong majority of cases , since the cost of making an error is so high . 
  we * can * get that by requiring an ever-more-clear result before any call is made that does n't give the asylum-seeker the benefit of the doubt ( e.g. 
  if there are 180 biological criteria , require a hit on , say , 170 instead of just 160 to judge someone as not being treated as a minor if they claim that they are ) . 
  another option would be to have graduated benefits . 
  unaccompanied people up to six years old receive one type of treatment , up to ten another , up to fourteen another , up to eighteen another . 
  that reduces the cost of a misevaluation , so we can get away with a lower bar of certainty . 
  if i wanted to know what the standard of living was like in ireland , there are several things i could do . 
  * i could go to the un , cia , imf , world bank , eurostat , or various other organizations that gather lots of information on countries and place their databases online . 
  * i could ask an individual to describe what the country is like , in his personal opinion . 
  * i could visit various political advocacy forums and see what they say about the country . 
  generally-speaking , i 'd prefer the first of those three options . 
  it 's not perfect -- there may be extrapolation involved , or methodology differences in data from country to country ( this is big for crime measurements , for example ) , but it 's also going to be dispassionate . 
  it might be * possible * to extract data from the third option , the political forum ... but i doubt that it 's the most-effective way . 
  some of the issues with using the third option , the political forum : * politics is , at the end of the day , about influencing people . 
  you 're listening to a salesman 's pitch . 
  there are countless tactics that people use to try to convince people of a particular policy in a misleading way -- appeal to emotion , selective display of facts , using speech that is intended to be understood by different groups in different ways , etc. 
  in this case , the source i 'm listening to has an adversarial relationship with me .
