  `` fire upon '' would have been a bit generous for 9/11 itself . 
  [ it would have been ramming flight 93 ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/f-16-pilot-was-ready-to-give-her-life-on-sept-11/2015/09/06/7c8cddbc-d8ce-11e0-9dca-a4d231dfde50_story.html?utm_term=.f1407ae5efbc ) . 
  nobody 's ever quite ready for terrorism until after the fact . 
   let 's tell everybody to panic and run in circles while screaming . 
  [ we did it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homeland_security_advisory_system ) . 
  the [ brits do it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_threat_levels ) . 
  admit it , deep down , you want to do it too . 
  never giving up !, 
  props to urban !, 
   tolerated means not technically a refugee but still being allowed indefinitely because the country of origin can not be identified . 
  or because they ca n't be deported for some other reason . 
  that is , it 's possible to not be granted asylum * but * for deportation to be suspended . 
  i believe that that 's significant because it means that you do n't get legal temporary residence and start the clock ticking towards legal permanent residence ( and citizenship ) . 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2016/12/18/trump-says-us-should-refuse-to-take-back-drone-seized-by-china.html * china seizes unmanned us navy underwater vehicle . 
  * trump says ( without talking to white house ) that china steals the vehicle . 
  * obama asks for the thing back in fairly muted terms . 
  ( my vague understanding is that it was n't actually in their claimed area , so they probably screwed up in taking it and had no reason to hang onto it for water claims -- that is , no reason for this to be an actual issue and it was n't something that we were doing to press territorial issues ) . 
  * china announces that they 're returning it to the us . 
  chinese state-run papers add that trump is acting like a child . 
  * trump 's communications director posts that trump has solved the problem and china will be returning it . 
  it is unlikely that trump has anything to do with the matter . 
  * trump tweets that we should just let china keep the drone . 
  ( presumably not coordinating with his own team . ), 
  if he 's not going to be coordinating with his pr people , does n't give a damn about the diplomatic implications of what he 's saying , and is n't going to coordinate with the bureaucracy , i really wish that he 'd just put his damn phone away for four years and do anything that does n't involve him tweeting . 
   commission president jean-claude juncker proposed after trump 's victory . 
  `` i expect president trump to be very different to candidate trump , '' he said hopefully . 
  * i * was hoping that he was going to stop sending out uninformed and undiplomatic tweets once elected , that they were just part of his campaign . 
  [ from the days back before we had a federal food and drug regulation agency with clout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jamaica_ginger ) :  jamaica ginger extract , known in the united states by the slang name `` jake , '' was a late 19th-century patent medicine that provided a convenient way to bypass prohibition laws , since it contained between 70 % and 80 % ethanol by weight . 
    `` jake '' was not itself dangerous , but the u.s. treasury department , which administered the prohibition laws , recognized its potential as an illicit alcohol source , and because of this , it required changes in the solids content of jake to discourage drinking . 
  the minimum requirement of ginger solids per cubic centimeter of alcohol resulted in a fluid that was extremely bitter and difficult to drink . 
  occasionally , department of agriculture inspectors would test shipments of jake by boiling the solution and weighing the remaining solid residue . 
  in an effort to trick regulators , bootleggers replaced the ginger solids with a small amount of ginger and either castor oil or molasses . 
    a pair of amateur chemists and bootleggers , harry gross and max reisman , worked to develop an alternative adulterant that would pass the tests , but still be somewhat palatable . 
  they sought advice from a professor at mit who did not realize it was meant for internal consumption . 
  they settled on a plasticizer , tri-o-tolyl phosphate ( also known as tri-ortho cresyl phosphate , tocp , or tricresyl phosphate ) , that was able to pass the treasury department 's tests but preserved jake 's drinkability . 
  tocp was originally thought to be non-toxic ; however , it was later determined to be a neurotoxin that causes axonal damage to the nerve cells in the nervous system of human beings , especially those located in the spinal cord . 
  the resulting type of paralysis is now referred to as organophosphate-induced delayed neuropathy , or opidn . 
    in 1930 , large numbers of jake users began to lose the use of their hands and feet . 
  some victims could walk , but they had no control over the muscles which would normally have enabled them to point their toes upward . 
  therefore , they would raise their feet high with the toes flopping downward , which would touch the pavement first followed by their heels . 
  the toe first , heel second pattern made a distinctive `` tap-click , tap-click '' sound as they walked . 
  this very peculiar gait became known as the jake walk and those afflicted were said to have jake leg , jake foot , or jake paralysis . 
  additionally , the calves of the legs would soften and hang down and the muscles between the thumbs and fingers would atrophy . 
    within a few months , the tocp-adulterated jake was identified as the cause of the paralysis , and the contaminated jake was recovered . 
  but by that time , it was too late for many victims . 
  some did recover full , or partial , use of their limbs . 
  but for most , the loss was permanent . 
  the total number of victims was never accurately determined , but is frequently quoted as between 30,000 and 50,000 . 
  many victims were immigrants to the united states , and most were poor , with little political or social influence . 
  the victims received very little assistance , aside from being the subject of a few blues songs recorded in the early 1930s ( e.g. 
  `` jake walk papa '' by asa martin , `` jake leg blues '' by the mississippi sheiks , `` alcohol and jake blues '' by tommy johnson and `` jake liquor blues '' by ishman bracey ) . 
   these `` more-gray-area editorial calls '' are all about . 
  you said that there is `` no doubt he 's the killer and he is dead anyways '' . 
  your expectation is that it should be obvious that privacy is not necessary . 
  what i 'm saying is that german law may want to draw a line that does n't force editors to make difficult calls ( `` how much doubt is there that * this * guy is a killer ? ), 
  and simply prohibit pre-conviction identifications entirely . 
  how would that relate to the validity of the `` how come nobody ever worries about young white western men radicalizing ? '', 
  statement ? 
   how come nobody ever worries about young white western men radicalizing ? 
  well , 9/11 was our deadliest attack in the us , and that was islamic terrorism . 
  on the other hand , our second-deadliest attack was timothy mcveigh blowing up the federal building in oklahoma city . 
  and mcveigh was a radicalized young western white man . 
  actually , because the suspect is now gone , we ca n't say that it 's necessarily islamic terrorism . 
  it could be , and i 'd give good odds , but ca n't know yet . 
  those were mostly sexual assaults , not rape . 
  check for cellphones that were in the . 
  area , start eliminating them . 
  run dna across databases . 
  it is possible to identify family members . 
  ask public for any footage . 
  check store cctv recordings in the area . 
  look for cctv near hijacking point . 
  look for cctv along routes between the two . 
  run forensics on bullets in polish driver . 
  check for fingerprints in cab . 
  check for any cell phones that traveled the route the truck did . 
  start going through them . 
  perhaps german law disallows it to avoid issues with more-gray-area editorial calls . 
  i do n't object much to disconnected systems run by individual shops . 
  i understand that asking for forbearance for members of a regime occupying someone 's country is probably not realistic . 
  but there can be little benefit for ukraine in diplomats being killed , even if it 's caused a small amount of pain for someone who caused a great deal . 
  generally-speaking , i would bet that diplomats tend toward trying to advance their country 's interests without military conflict . 
  i really think that almost every politician would be better off with a self-imposed one-day waiting period on posts . 
  or going through a communications team . 
  they just seem to be so badly-used , and often have higher profile than a country 's official diplomatic statements . 
  if you mean `` burn '' in the sense of `` militarily destroy '' , i agree . 
  germany as a country could not destroy russia . 
  but ... germany does n't operate alone , but as part of a bloc . 
  and it 's applying economic pressure . 
  that might not destroy russia or be intended to do so ... but it does produce pain . 
  and that pain does matter , even if it 's not destruction . 
  economically , the eu is important to russia . 
  this would be like canada and the us being at odds . 
  it is very doubtful that any benefits russia derives from occupying crimea and donbas ( domestic prestige ? ), 
  exceed the costs that she incurs from sitting on them . 
  i suppose that that 's fair enough . 
  you can strengthen one industry , but only by weakening others . 
  it 's a fair point that yeltsin probably gets too much credit . 
  however , surely you 'd agree that there could be a hypothetical russian leader who would both get along with the west reasonably-well and improve russia ? 
  lot of that going around .
