  failed military coup . 
  the [ second vatican ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_vatican_council ) eliminated some of the schism between the catholic church and other abrahamic religions . 
  i 'm not sure what ` we ' is here , but if it 's the secular world , the degree of religiosity has been declining worldwide as the world 's population becomes better-educated . 
  ethiopia fought off italy and only briefly had a colonizer present , and it 's one of the poorest countries in the world . 
  south africa was impacted by colonialism for a long time due to it being important for ship transit around africa . 
  it became the wealthiest populous african country . 
  note that stiglitz has been a long-time opponent of the euro . 
  we have fifty states . 
  your solution to people using civil war to use the refugee convention to migrate is to start another civil war ? 
  turkey cut a deal with the eu . 
  that deal , which was always kinda stopgap , may fall through . 
  that 's a mile away from war . 
  eh , ex-brit colonies did fairly well . 
  compare , say , south africa to ethiopia ... 
  dammit , slovenia , we 've [ already taken more than 5,000 syrian refugees this year ] ( http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jun/30/us-accepts-record-number-of-syrian-refugees-in-jun/ ) . 
  [ the english channel strikes again ] ( http://healthintelligence.drupalgardens.com/content/visualizing-global-distribution-aedes-aegypti-and-ae-albopictus ) . 
  that statement threw me , through-and-through . 
   implying that tudor castles springing up everywhere would be a bad thing . 
  i have n't read the article yet , but * newsweek * is not really a high-brow publication and it 's been heading more into celebrity news . 
  you 're not going to have people writing an article for it that sounds like their masters thesis . 
  i wonder if a lot of this he-said-she-said dispute -- since the parties involved obviously have a bone in the game -- would be resolved by a statement by an independent commission . 
  that is , if switzerland or someone similar looked into the matter and issued a statement that the coup was or was not gulenist , i wonder if that would resolve the matter . 
  we 've been one of the louder voices arguing for first establishing and then actually meeting the 2 % gdp baseline minimum military capability in nato -- for , one might add , quite some years now . 
  we 've sent surplus military hardware to some of the poorer members that have tighter budgets . 
  i 'm not sure in what other realistic ways we could have been a better actor in terms of trying to promote european military capability . 
  done , and confirming that your comment was indeed ridiculous . 
  thinkprogress is on the us left . 
  that tends to include people like children of illegal immigrants , who see parallels with the us and do n't want their parents deported . 
   do n't ask america to extradite political opponents we have an extradition treaty with turkey . 
  that 's not a courtesy , but a bidirectional obligation . 
  if turkey can provide solid evidence that gulen was breaking the law , he 'll be extradited . 
  that erdogan was requesting asylum was , i believe , misinformation . 
  it may have possibly spread by people involved with the coup , as that belief would have been important in undermining legitimacy . 
   the geopolitical position of turkey will be so much easier to handle if we would divide the country in multiple parts , so their fucked up way of dealing with allies and potentially blocking passage to nuclear warheads can be finally put to an end . 
  the inaction of nato or turkey 's allies astonishes me beyond understanding . 
  we should get the nukes out . 
  let russia go in for another costly war . 
  divide the country in 3 parts , with the oppressed kurds finally getting what they want and a european corridor state to enable the oil to keep flowing westwards . 
  the turks think they can get away with everything because turks , so the charade has got to stop , and actions ought to be taken . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  first , there is no way that nato is going to let russia partition up turkey . 
  i do n't know if this is just wishful thinking -- other of your comments seem to be quite critical of turkey and friendly toward russia -- or what . 
  nato 's primary job is in keeping russia from attacking europe -- that 'd be a very strange universe in which that could happen . 
  second of all , nobody is blocking access to nuclear weapons -- the crews responsible for them are with the weapons . 
  third of all , turkey 's done nothing against nato . 
  there is no mechanism for throwing members out . 
  but , beyond that , why would there be any reason to do so ? 
  turkey has aligned military concerns , is a substantial military power , and offers a fair amount . 
  turkey 's done nothing to nato . 
   several of the aircraft used by coup forces during the failed uprising flew out of the incirlik air base , which then had its power supply cut off for several weeks   is n't this a direct indictment of america as a co-conspirator of the plot ? 
  we had aircrews flying missions out of the base . 
  we do n't command turkish forces there , and it 's their airbase . 
  it 's not as if the us authorizes turkey to fly aircraft in turkey . 
  it 's a pretty good bet that if the turks not involved in the coup at the base were n't aware of what was going on , that the us aircrews there would n't be in a better position to know . 
  one can imagine that those involved probably were n't putting up posters advertising it . 
  as for intervening later -- yes , they knew that something had happened , as they had their alert level raised . 
  their orders were probably the norm for civil unrest -- to button up , stay on base , and protect the aircraft and weapons . 
  but they are not authorized to operate against turkish armed forces . 
  turkey has not okayed it . 
  they are n't going to independently go on some sort of lone wolf operations against rogue turkish forces . 
  nor would the us government likely agree to do so anyway , even if requested -- getting involved in a member 's civil war can only be bad news for nato . 
  if there were an uprising anywhere else that the us has soldiers based , they 'd do the same thing they did here : button up tight , and stay on base . 
  conscripts that did n't know what was going on . 
  that 's slightly different from refusing to fight in a war . 
  we do n't `` own '' nato . 
  on the other hand , nobody is getting `` thrown out of nato '' , either . 
  finland is ranked # 8 globally as of 2014 in [ this economic complexity index ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/rankings/ ) , higher than the us as a whole . 
  android is n't a luxury brand , and it 's got the bulk of the smartphone marketshare . 
   they 're paying people to lie about being raped i do n't see where in the story that claim is being made . 
  i 'd be dubious that russia is paying for false rape claims for a number of reasons . 
  * russia has , as far as i can tell , more-or-less been playing by the rules in cases where propaganda has come out . 
  that has risk of a litvinenko-style getting-caught-with-the-hand-in-the-cookie-jar . 
  * someone who makes a rape claim is about to be subjected to police scrutiny from people whose job is to extract out the truth . 
  that 's probably not exactly where an intelligence agency wants to be . 
  the article * does * say that it is drawing public attention to rape claims , and that 'd i 'd agree with . 
  but that 's different from paying someone to make false claims . 
  way to go some intelligence agency in preempting that -- i saw a lot of people complaining that intelligence agencies had n't stopped the truck attack in france , but when they do stop things , they do n't seem to get credit . 
  are you proposing that the eu provide non-nato defense guarantees to some non-eu countries , or are you proposing that georgia join the eu ? 
   80 years is a long time , people will move during that time , so the new people were fooled into believing something that was false . 
  to be fair , it 's pretty common for governments to pay for construction via floating bonds -- that probably winds up with someone else down the road paying for the thing being purchased too . 
  maybe it should be more common to pay for things up front ... of course , clearly people still derive the benefit over time ... 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you 're proposing . 
  georgia joining the eu but not nato and making use of the mutual support clause ? 
   why is it funny that brexiters post on / r/europe ? 
  we 're still geographically european , we just want to leave the eu . 
  for that matter , why would it be funny that someone outside of europe is posting about europe ? 
  if georgia joins nato , they will . 
  euobserver [ does seem to be euroskeptic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euobserver ) . 
   established in 2000 , euobserver claims to be the largest online daily news site focused on the eu . 
  upon launch , euobserver claimed to be published in cooperation with the group for a europe of democracies and diversities , a eurosceptic group of parties that later became the independence/democracy group . 
  [ imf 2015 per-capita nominal gdp numbers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita ) : * romania : $ 8,906 * serbia : $ 5,120 it 's all relative . 
   i 'd rather live in belarus than in russian federation . 
  why ? 
  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html 43.7 % clinton , 43.3 % trump over the last two weeks . 
  fptp given current polls is not favorable for him , though . 
   all countries are enemies 3,0 % ** this means you , nauru !, 
   which model of society is more suitable for serbia : russian or eu ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
   which country/organization currently has a better economy ? 
    eu - 47 %   russia - 40 %   do n't know - 13 % hmm .
