  the uk can surely obtain negotiators or train them ; it is no helpless , mewling pup . 
  it could also make use of a sunsetting deal and later establish a fuller one . 
   theresa may , the new prime minister , has spoken of there being a need for a uk-wide approach , and she now also wants to consult british dependencies . 
  she is ( possibly intentionally ) being ambiguous . 
  that may be a real barrier , but she has at no point explicitly given scotland or northern ireland a veto . 
  further , my belief is that she will not take this route even if she wants the uk to remain -- while i am no expert in british public sentiment or politics , i would imagine that having a tiny fraction of the population given a veto would be unpopular . 
  what i 'd like to see is an article that lays out not a list of implementation issues for the bureaucracy , but that splits up the different options and makes an actual argument for an impact on the public . 
  in particular , if it is consensus that leaving is not going to be a win for low-skill employment in the uk , that should be made explicit and convincing . 
  what alternative answers are provided for issues that were raised by leave , like housing costs ? 
  will the uk commit to automatically authorizing construction of additional housing whenever housing prices rise above some point ? 
  hmm . 
  seems to be kind of a self-defeating statement . 
  i 'm not following . 
  why would policymakers be creating some sort of disincentive to work at some job if a worker was employed ? 
  not unless they are unable to withdraw . 
  i suppose that if someone 's nine , they might not understand how to function well enough to withdraw . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery  slavery is a legal or economic system in which principles of property law are applied to humans allowing them to be classified as property , [ 1 ] to be owned , bought and sold accordingly , ** and they can not withdraw unilaterally from the arrangement ** . 
  the people in question do have the ability to withdraw and work for another company out there on better terms . 
  their wages are low , but that alone does n't make something slavery . 
   for almost three-and-a-half years that 's not actually a tremendous period of time . 
  do n't get me wrong , i wholeheartedly agree that brexit is n't a good idea in terms of the british economy . 
  but people ( and on both sides of the equation , looking at both the `` it 's all going to hell '' / r/unitedkingdom and the `` nothing is happening '' / r/ukpolitics ) are looking at minor fluctuations when we know nothing of what the actual trade outcome will look like in five years , and arguing to support their political position . 
  hmm . 
  unless the `` employed '' pay is above market rate -- and maybe it is , if it 's at minimum wage -- it would require collusion across all businesses to do this , or you 'd risk having an undersupply of labor at the business . 
  it seems like a theoretical problem . 
  sure , maybe something to pay attention to , if you 've an isolated village in the middle of nowhere and only one employer involved , but i 'd be doubtful that this would normally be a real world issue . 
  that seems like an `` see if it comes up , and if so , deal with it then '' type issue . 
   it 's not to do that . 
  it 's to punish people . 
  well , that 's the same thing rephrased , right ? 
  `` to discourage people '' `` to punish people '' either way would create an incentive to discourage people from living on welfare and encourage moving to -- even if unappealing -- work . 
  that being said , i did like / u/zephinism 's comment :  this scheme should n't be mandatory unless you 've been unemployed and signing on with jobcenter for a year or more . 
  it seems like it would address both the concerns of people about people simply sitting on long-term unemployment as well as avoid hampering people who are temporarily unemployed and seeking employment from being unnecessarily tied down . 
   however , contrary to what you say , there are new languages being manufactured in europe . 
  two points : * this is not a language , but a dialect . 
  were i to travel to london and talk to people there , i could understand them -- perhaps with a bit of difficulty or asking for clarification on a point or two , but we 're speaking the same language . 
  additionally , slang and other shifts in language do happen , no dispute , but this does n't represent a splitting to the point of unintelligibility . 
  * what i was getting at was that people were arguing for policies to prevent languages from falling out of use . 
  it was n't that this was happening or not -- the point was to look at why people were arguing for language retention and whether it made sense to do so . 
  if someone wants language diversity , i 'd expect a comparable number of arguments from people who want the creation of new languages to those asking for retention of old . 
  that being said , i realize that this has political overtones in europe that it does not have in the us . 
  language is a way to assert identity or political power , or whatnot , and it may well be that language policy interacts with * that * . 
  but in terms of looking at language diversity on its own and asking for a set of functional benefits ... 
  still not free to leave without buying yourself . 
   you ca n't be the leading economic force in the world when your country does n't have anything to sell and all your citizens are buying stuff produced by someone else . 
  or [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36796581 ) . 
  slavery blocks people from leaving . 
  it 's converting unemployment into guaranteed work with a crummy wage , probably to discourage people who would rather just live on unemployment . 
  whether or not it 's a good idea , it 's not slavery . 
  i mean , i agree , but i do n't see how that conflicts with my point . 
  oh , are you talking about the world war ii era wartime aid ? 
  i mean . . i guess it would have had some impact , but i 've never heard it described as doing anything as ambitious as industrializing russia . 
  that 's not quite the same thing , though . 
  gulen would need to have actually committed a crime to be deported . 
  it is entirely-possible that he has n't , even if gulenists are behind this . 
  reducing the question of whether the effort was gulenist to whether or not gulen warrants extradition is risky . 
  additionally , even if that bar is met , his lawyers presumably are n't stupid and will use the appeal process to extend things as long as possible ... looking online , that can probably add one to three years . 
  that 's a long time to be waiting for a statement on the matter . 
  meanwhile , here 's what a lot of people over here probably see : erdogan has trumped up charges against military officers before . 
  he 's done things , like clamping down on opposition journalists and stating that there will be a crackdown on people on social media , which is taboo and harms the credibility of the people who could have agreed with him . 
  if you 've no independent press , how crefible are statements of that press ? 
  the military is known for being secular , he 's moderately-islamist , and people who are islamists have been committing terrorist acts over here , resulting in a lot of antipathy . 
  but surely the us is in a similar boat ! '', 
  no dispute . 
  the coup having involved members at a base where we had people stationed , and us having been involved in a coup in iran in 1953 makes this awkward for us . 
  if gulen was involved , him operating out of the us is a pain in the ass . 
  kerry can say `` we did n't do it '' , but obviously that does n't cut much ice with someone convinced otherwise . 
  the latter point is n't as hard to fix -- turkey will be presumably conducting their own investigations and clear us soldiers at the base , and erdogan is gon na be trustworthy in turkey on saying that someone did n't try to oust him . 
  but the former is an issue . 
  [ cumbric ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cumbric ) and [ cornish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornish_language ) are gone from the british isles , aside from the records of linguists . 
  do you feel broken up on a daily basis about this ? 
  humans have a strong tendency toward [ loss aversion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loss_aversion ) , to a degree that we would consider irrational . 
  the fact that people rarely seem to feel driven to manufacture new languages but are concerned about the passage of languages into history makes me suspicious that people are n't really looking for more diversity in languages , but rather that it 's loss aversion talking . 
  now , wait a minute . 
  greece also had a debt-driven increase in economic activity . 
  is ir reasonable to treat that as the norm ? 
   what good does denmark achieve by france demanding an eu tax to fund agriculture subsidies , i imagine that it buys off a potent french lobby that is typically-opposed to competition . 
   what good does new rules demanding danish mortgage companies must have a 100 times the emergency reserve fund , when no danish mortgage company has ever failed , or is even close to fear a bad loan loss situation . 
  because if they had different regulation , and especially if they had access to the same eu-level stability mechanisms , they 'd have a competitive advantage against their competitors in other eu members , since they can sell into those markets . 
   that is the problem i have with eu . 
  it demands the same solution for different countries . 
  an euro that benefits germany is poison for others . 
  continued trade surpluses are not in german interests . 
  in what way is russia rising ? 
  more-solid internal support , maybe . 
  at the current rate of russia 's decline and romania 's rise , romania passes russia in per-capita gdp next year -- and that 's with russia 's large lead in natural resources . 
  [ the us is # 182 out of 244 countries in population density . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_territories_by_population_density ), 
  the ashes of an algerian ? 
  it sends a message to would-be terrorists that this is not islam in the eyes of the population there . 
  insofar as they 've influence , they 've extended it . 
  i do n't think that vegetarianism * is * a traditional polish value . 
  i do n't think that the us was excluded from the scope of criticism . 
  we 've got a lot of financial services companies , the millionaire route to citizenship , and so forth . 
  i think that sort of thing is a bad idea in general . 
  i do n't know whether-or-not it simply conforms to german law , though . 
   usa and britain industrialised the country industrialized * russia * ? 
  how so ? 
  the proper response for / u/insanelymerryjester to make was still `` time to rejoin the spanish empire ? 
  '' , not `` piss off '' .
