  russia took some more of ukraine and had more sanctions come down . 
  that seems like a real reaction to me . 
  in talking about a military reaction , are you referring to one in response to a conventional invasion in the remainder of ukraine ? 
  a conventional invasion of finland ? 
  a conventional invasion of the baltics ? 
  a nuclear first strike against the west ? 
  russia doing any of those seems like a bad idea to me ( ` course , invading ukraine did n't seem like a good idea to me either ) , but let 's assume that one is indeed a significant risk . 
  just because there have n't been publicly-stated red lines on further actions does n't mean that the west has n't drawn them privately and communicated them to russia privately for political reasons . 
  merkel and hollande and obama and all the rest of the involved leaders are capable of sending whatever messages they want to moscow . 
  it does n't mean that they 're all blithely sitting around waiting to simply react . 
   a good example is infowars , a spook website with a spook host who has a massive following . 
  this has never happened before . 
  no ... that 's true . 
  but it 's not clear to me that this represents a paradigm shift . 
  there have always been channels through which propaganda could run . 
  at one point in time , it was via hard-left political extremism . 
  that has the same `` do not trust anything your institutions publish , you can trust only us '' aspect . 
  infowars is as subject to debunking as any other traditional source : if they put extensive bullshit out there , someone can say `` this is wrong '' and show the list of ways in which they 're wrong . 
  and oh , lord , do they ever have a mighty trove of debunkable material . 
  if there 's anything new that might be an issue in the web era , i 'd think that it 's the ability of anonymous sources to get a lot of distribution -- that is , there 's some default level of `` trust '' that we given anonymous sources , and many of them might add up to a lot of weight . 
   russian active measures takes this into account , thus producing videos like the fake foley one knowing that websites like infowars will pick up anything that is anti-u.s. government and might be evidence of false flags . 
  okay , but crafting disinformation to hit a target audience is n't new either . 
  we were talking about [ operation infektion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_infektion ) a while back on here , and that was certainly crafted to a particular audience . 
   you underestimate the stupidity and naivety of modern day westerners . 
  they are n't as hardened as the so-called `` anti-maidanists '' of russia , where russians have been mentally conditioned to assume any opposition is funded by the cia and all criticism of putin is a u.s.-smear campaign . 
  well ... yeah , people in the west are maybe less-cynical of russian output than during the cold war ( though the estonians and some of the other folks on here in ex-warsaw pact have enough to make up for any softness that i might have ... ) . 
  but there 's positive flip sides too : * just as it 's easier for disinformation to spread , so it 's easier for debunking information to spread . 
  * people are a lot more cosmopolitan and connected with the world today . 
  the problems to solve are different , yes . 
  but calling everyone `` stupid '' and `` naive '' ... i dunno if i can agree . 
  i think that the average person in the us was a lot closer to being a rube in 1950 than the average person in the us today . 
  more worldly , more-connected . 
  better-educated , too . 
  * blocking information in the internet era is kinda difficult , and i think that flow of information inherently favors the guys not pushing disinformation . 
  you have to kinda rely on someone not seeking out information . 
  i 'm not discarding that as nothing , but ... well , russia and north korea are completely different ballgames . 
  russians can choose not to pull in information if they want , but they are n't hermits or unaware of world happenings . 
  * yes , russia has backed some political movements that have met with some success . 
  but if you focus only on propaganda wins , you kinda miss the points where russia came off badly . 
  if there were russian propaganda efforts that were successful in the us on mh17 or the invasion of ukraine , i was n't aware of them . 
  * if you 've been following rt , i suspect that you 've seen that past analysis that noted that it 's got decent penetration ... but that that tends towards non-political material . 
  that does n't mean that there 's nothing that russia can do with that , but someone watching a cat video or something , that is n't the same as being entranced for an hour on video about how one should oppose one 's government . 
  * paying attention to rt does n't mean doing everything that russia might want . 
  you 've got a skeptical group of people in the us far right . 
  maybe you can sell 'em that the us is bad news , but you 're gon na have a tough time selling 'em on russia or a lot of other things . 
  * okay , maybe russia 's got some traction with getting people to distrust and dislike their government . 
  but i 'd say that folks in the us are a lot happier with and less cynical about their government today than they were in the vietnam and watergate era . 
  if we could handle them , i expect that we can handle this . 
  * based on pew polling , us public opinions of nato are still high , and that 's one of the things that is apparently targeted in the us . 
  i 've personally spoken to a co-worker who watches rt ( because `` they 're the most-trustworthy place to find out about the us , just as the us is the most trustworthy place to find out about russia '' ) and similar material and who says `` nato is a plot to keep the us down and we need to get out of it and the un '' ... but they do n't seem to be extremely representative of the population as a whole . 
  * russia 's ultimately got an uphill battle to work with . 
  they 've got a thirtieth of the economic resources that the us and eu do , and if they 're racing sanctions , they 've got unpleasant deadlines to deal with . 
  * rt and sputnik are both indexed by archive.org ( oddly-enough -- i think that this is probably a poor decision or oversight by russia ) . 
  if you 're trying to do a disinformation campaign with a flood of incompatible stories , the fact that anyone can pull up verbatim copies of your old material and show it to whoever they want seems awkward . 
  * the us 's bbg does n't seem to have received increased funding for english-language material , but france and germany do seem to have more-substantial output in the form of dw and france24 . 
  at the end of the day , if the biggest target is europe , i 'd imagine that european institutions are probably best-suited to go after and debunk those claims rather than us institutions . 
  * i 'm dubious that the rise of the right wing in europe has all that much to do with russia directly , and rather more to do with the migrant crisis . 
  government positions in the eu have clearly-shifted on that matter , towards taking a less-open position , and i 'd imagine that political pressures will decrease . 
   otherwise known as the modern day pravda i thought that there was an actual privatized spin-off of the original * pravda * ... ya , [ looks like both are still around ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pravda ) . 
  i get your point , but just to be pedantic ...  sputnik took this report and made it look like rand is calling for a preemptive nuclear strike on china . 
  combine that with a blaring headline and the over-exaggerated diction used , and it 's quite clear that the russian media is a state-controlled disinformation front . 
  well , sputnik is ( though not everything that they publish is disinformation , though it may well be propaganda ) . 
  dunno about all of russian media . 
   because we can never know what the truth really is . 
  well , not in the logical proof sense . 
  you could say that we are all brains floating in a vat somewhere imagining the whole world , and that this can never be proven one way or another absolutely . 
  but in the sense that i know my name and my street address , i know things . 
  and i 'm certainly not incapable of making judgments on news and on propaganda because of that , nor are humans in general paralyzed by such . 
   current discredited face of cnn , fox and other us based media what ? 
  hmm . 
  well , nato engages in exercises too ; we ca n't really expect russia not to conduct exercises . 
  the only real risk that i can see there would be if russia 's exercise turns into the real thing . 
  is that what you meant ? 
   europe has set up some sort of media monitoring centre , called `` east stratcom task force '' , to counter russian propaganda , that they created in march of 2015 . 
  it 's one of the most pathetic and useless things i 've even seen . 
  all they do is make a weekly . pdf file of russia 's lies and conspiracy theories russian trolls try to spread online . 
  they then upload said pdf file to some random corner of the web and call that their `` response '' . 
  passive but not active . 
  [ shrug ] so , what , you 're objecting to simply exposure alone or the lack of distribution ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counterpropaganda#dissemination_of_exposed_propaganda  effective propaganda is tailored to a particular audience and when it is shared to another group the message is clearly revealed as an influencing message . 
  some audiences are more sophisticated and techniques that work on comparably less developed nations will be ineffective with the former . 
  when a counterpropaganda campaign shares propaganda intended for a specific audience with another audience the propagandists ' true intentions are revealed . 
  the sharing of propaganda messages between audiences also enables the second audience to reveal propaganda messages targeting them . 
  in the 1980s , during the cold war , the united states shared examples of soviet disinformation targeting the third world with european nations . 
  the europeans were then able to identify soviet propaganda targeting them . 
  the sharing of propaganda damaged the soviet union 's reputation in europe during a time it sought western approval . 
  [ 3 ] thus , countering propaganda by demonstrating it to be outright lies , or intending to influence reduces its effectiveness across target audiences . 
  exposure has worked in the past . 
   we should tone down the crimea rhetoric and instead , focus on other things that irk russia , like corruption in putin 's party , or pro-russian rebels in e. ukraine committing heinous crimes/torture . 
  realistically , how much penetration does non-russian-language material have anyway ? 
  or are you talking about russian-language material ? 
   i mean , we 've barely begun to begin vertical farming , the limiting factor is sunlight . 
  you are n't going to move to vertical farming any time soon . 
  vertical farming is trendy with the green crowd , but it 's utterly impractical . 
  edit : and hell , you ca n't even get london building enough housing for people upwards , which * is * a sensible use of space . 
   `` the attack took place in the town centre outside a popular pub and we believe there will have been people who witnessed it . '' i thought that you guys have cctv everywhere . 
  hmm . 
  you could get an ad-hoc approximation by handing them out on some random basis to truck drivers passing through that do n't have migrants . 
  well , that criteria would also apply to , say , people involved in the [ 2011 england riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) . 
  would you also apply the death penalty to them ?
