  i ca n't even own an assault rifle , let alone carry it on public transport . 
  well , you can , but you need to get a pita federal license because it 's automatic . 
  and you can [ normally legally open-carry firearms in general in public in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_carry_in_the_united_states ) , though realistically most people who carry a firearm regularly are ( a ) going to carry a handgun , not an awkward rifle/shotgun/whatever and ( b ) are likely to concealed-carry rather than open-carry so that someone has a harder time disarming them by grabbing the firearm . 
  from the article :  the resolutions suggested the forces under the unc were `` united nations forces '' , and the united nations itself could be considered a belligerent in the war . 
  however , in practice the united nations exercised no control over the combat forces . 
  these were controlled by the united states , which supplied more men ( and suffered more casualties ) than any other of the nations which came to the defense of the rok . 
  most observers concluded that the forces under the unc were not in law united nations troops , and the acts of the unc were not the acts of the united nations . 
  the unc can be regarded as an alliance of national armies , operating under the collective right of self-defense . 
  united nations security council resolution 84 authorized the use of the united nations flag concurrently with the flags of the participating unc nations . 
  [ 7 ]   in 1994 , un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali wrote in a letter to the north korean foreign minister that `` the security council did not establish the unified command as a subsidiary organ under its control , but merely recommended the creation of such a command , specifying that it be under the authority of the united states . 
  therefore the dissolution of the unified command does not fall within the responsibility of any united nations organ but is a matter within the competence of the government of the united states '' . 
  as being under european control . 
  edit : oh , sorry ... wrong thread . 
  you were talking about iran . 
  europe has probably been fighting itself more than any other collection of countries in the world has over the past millennium . 
  http://encyclopedia.1914-1918-online.net/article/occupation_during_and_after_the_war_ottoman_empire  this article primarily addresses allied ( british , french , italian , greek , u.s. [ 6 ] and japanese ) occupation of istanbul , which lasted from november 1918 to october 1923 . 
  the last two had a symbolic presence in istanbul and were there more as observers than occupiers . 
  secondly , this article highlights the french , british , greek and italian occupation of provincial cities in the southeast , south and aegean anatolia . 
  does n't that count ? 
  maybe he 's going with the russian model of `` europe does n't exist as a continent , and is all part of the real continent of eurasia . '', 
  this coming from a country that uses the * six-continent model * of the world !, 
   we ( the united nations ) are still at war with best korea so we only need to break the cease fire . 
  i do n't think that the un is ( or even can be ) at war . 
  the un can authorize countries to conduct peacekeeping missions , but that 's about as far as it goes . 
  yeah , i know ( though tbf , that 's official rather than effective rate ) . 
  why would trump shift to a more-progressive tax regime ? 
  corporate tax is independent of the income of individuals . 
  the us has a fairly-redistributive tax policy in that it places a relatively-large burden on a progressive income tax to cover government revenue , a relatively-large burden on corporate tax ( disconnected from income ) , and a relatively small burden on a consumption tax ( regressive ) . 
  if trump lowers the corporate tax , he 's shifting tax burden towards income tax , which is progressive . 
  i 'd give far better odds on him reducing estate taxes or capital gains tax . 
  thanks , brits !, 
  he 's english . 
  four years . 
  for either trump or hillary to be two-term after their abysmal approval rating going in would require them being incredibly popular in office . 
  i do n't see trump doing it . 
  might manage to hand off to pence ... 
  he did n't give up his us citizenship , afaict . 
  he was talking about giving it up as a prerequisite for the pm office , but it does n't look like that 's gon na happen , so ... 
  independent of the issue over germany , i 'm not sure that the `` it 's just another title '' argument is quite the correct one . 
  i mean , if you took [ queen elizabeth ii 's titles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_titles_and_honours_of_queen_elizabeth_ii#current ) and used that metric , you 'd be convinced that the british empire would consist of these , which are `` just part of the uk '' : antigua and barbuda , the bahamas , barbados , belize , canada , grenada , jamaica , saint kitts and nevis , saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines , great britain , northern ireland , australia , new zealand , papua new guinea , the solomon islands , tuvalu . 
  i do n't see why it could n't just be your thing . 
  it 's one of the most-significant things going on in europe . 
  if california were talking about announcing that it was leaving the us , us news would look similar . 
  increasing competition would be lowering barriers to trade . 
  well , sounds like the german and american people have something in common . 
  op , you should go back at least two more generations . 
  the kaw nation of native americans require only 1/32th blood , so you might still be a full tribal member . 
   finland is not a nato member , meaning a russian invasion would not be considered an attack against the alliance . 
  * finland 's security or lack thereof is not going to be related to putin visiting . 
  frankly , if anything , it 'd be a strong guarantee . 
  * while finland is not in nato , it 's still an eu member , and eu members have their own security obligations to finland . 
  look , i am very unenthusiastic about monitoring too . 
  however , i can at least imagine a scenario where you have the recording devices public-key encrypt the data , and you have some authority or combination of authorities who hold split-up copies of the private keys . 
  for example , let 's imagine that a fingerprint reader records data . 
  each record is encrypted with a new symmetric key . 
  each symmetric key is encrypted seven times over , using the public key of various organizations that you trust , and uploaded to a central database . 
  to read the fingerprint would require all authorities in question to agree that it should be read . 
  at that point , either you have to physically compromise the device to also be dumping a not-encrypted copy , or the authorities have to all be colluding . 
  you pass a constitutional amendment giving those authorities the power and responsibility to wipe their key if they believe that they are being influenced . 
  that 's an extreme , unwieldy example . 
  but i 'm just saying that i could at least imagine an environment where privacy standards could be kept pretty high . 
  i have limited faith in [ betting odds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bookmaker ) rather than [ futures markets . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/futures_exchange ) as i understand it , betting odds are normally bootstrapped by an expert opinion from the bookmaker . 
  over time , the odds shift to reflect all bets : if 3 dollars are placed on a for each 2 placed on b , then the betting service will offer something like a 2:3 payout for bets on a ( less enough for them to make a profit ) . 
  so the service normally wins no matter what . 
  however , many of those bets are `` old '' and reflect outdated information . 
  you ca n't update your bet . 
  this makes for odds being a trailing indicator . 
  in a futures market , you do n't have this problem : the price reflects all current information . 
  darpa [ had a research effort to use futures markets until they got in trouble with congress for using it to predict assassinations . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/policy_analysis_market ) that creates obvious misincentives to assassinate . 
  i think that they need insulated halls along the front of the building . 
  there are enough people there to self-heat it . 
  terrorists with bombs have been around since at least guy fawkes . 
  i 'd point out that all countries in the world have had vulnerability to some degree for a long time , but they 've kept functioning for all this time without biometrics . 
  some guy * could * hit you over the head with a brick in a sock tomorrow and kill you ... but that sort of thing does n't happen too much . 
  maybe france or the eu would benefit from more security . 
  but i want to point out that you 'll never get to perfect security , and that the tradeoffs of less security have been accepted by many countries in the past , countries that have gotten on without those restrictions . 
  fingerprint readers on all transit ? 
  i think that it carries serious potential for abuse , and i am not happy about it either . 
  however , i 'm willing to believe that at least theoretically someone could construct a system that could credibly promise to block neo-stasi type stuff . 
  i do n't know what that would * be * , but ... 
  * the red telephone is there for a reason . 
  * i ca n't see isis manufacturing action that either side would realistically see as an existential threat . 
   russia do n't like this and i think that 's fair to say . 
  america would not allow russian troops in mexico even if the president him self drove them there . 
  why should estonia be expected to simply rely upon russia being a good actor , but russia be free to demand that nato not have forces in the area ? 
  yes , these soldiers are from a different country . 
  but if your argument is that only a country 's soldiers should be present in a country , this is highly disadvantageous to small countries . 
  one way or another , be it nato or your eu army thing , there are going to be soldiers coming from other countries ( at least for some time , since i assume that federalization is n't going to happen tomorrow ) . 
  well , to be fair :  the new forces will gather first in poland , then fan out across seven countries from estonia to bulgaria . 
  a headquarters unit will be stationed in germany . 
  that being said , 3500 soldiers are not an existential threat to russia . 
  the uk is economically better off today than before it linked up with the eu . 
  might have one hell of a smuggling industry , though . 
  the `` ever closer union '' bit was something that i heard a lot if people complaining about , and an exception from that , albeit vaguely-defined , seemed like it addressed quite a bit . 
  what would you have considered necessary , no free movement for people in the eu ? 
  i can have domain experts sit down and explain the justification for various moves to candidates , populist or not . 
  much as trump drives me up a wall , he 's still going to have the consequences of any decision he pushes for explained in detail . 
  you can afford to educate ( or , better , advise ) a small number of people .
