  what was the concern about the radar ? 
  he lives in germany , and that 's part of the eu . 
  why would n't he be affected ? 
  to be fair , in colonial times the brits maintained a monopoly on trade ( in at least some areas ... not sure of the specifics ) with the american colonies . 
  i understand that that was the main route to extract wealth . 
  so splitting probably caused significant trade disruption . 
  i do n't think that 's true , though japan has a very high conviction rate . 
  the us certainly has innocent-until-proven-guilty , and has capital punishments in many states . 
  trump is n't particularly hawkish . 
  yeah , the gay thing is more of an attempt to find a cultural wedge internal to europe . 
  the us is n't what one would call leading the pack even today on same-sex marriage . 
  no real cause to be pissed off , it seems to me -- would be advantageous if the uk did n't leave . 
  it 's still disruptive . 
  if you 're doing organized sanctions , you can subsidize things , but on the defense ... it 's easy to be the target . 
  as convenient as it is for the west to sanction russia , so it 's equally easy for russia to sanction individual countries . 
  the eu having a common market may help this a lot , since no one member can be sanctioned without sanctioning all . 
  however , if one country has a particularly-significant industry that sells only to one country , or if transportation costs are high on the good , it 's possible to target individual industries in a country . 
  not enthusiastic about use of the term ` relative ' poverty . 
  if ` relative ' poverty were measured on an eu-wide basis , they 'd be doing very well ... and thus far , i 've yet to see that poverty was the major concern . 
  income was less-correlated with brexit than education , and education and income themselves are correlated , so you 'd have to control for that . 
  the guardian has political reasons for claiming poverty as a primary cause ' it 's possible , but i want to see hard data controlling for education level first . 
  this was n't corrupt . 
  it may have been a bad idea , but cameroon 's plan was , at least in his eyes , a good one for the uk . 
  he screwed up in selling it to the public , but not because someone bought him off . 
  but `` globalization '' is a broad term ... 
  what does `` foreigners '' mean in this context ? 
  germans ? 
  one other point . 
  no idea whether this was the intent , but from the agreement text :  the security environment in europe and the north atlantic region has changed since the united states and iceland signed a joint understanding in 2006 ... 
  this is a formal , signed statement by the united states that the security environment in europe has changed -- since that time , russia has conducted occupations in georgia and in ukraine . 
  that may-or-may-not be significant as regards the [ founding act on mutual relations , cooperation and security between nato and the russian federation ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_25468.htm ) . 
  thus far , the united states has refused to base permanent forces in eastern europe , as nato agreed with russia that it would not do so barring a change in the security environment :  nato reiterates that in the current and foreseeable security environment , the alliance will carry out its collective defence and other missions by ensuring the necessary interoperability , integration , and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces . 
  accordingly , it will have to rely on adequate infrastructure commensurate with the above tasks . 
  in this context , reinforcement may take place , when necessary , in the event of defence against a threat of aggression and missions in support of peace consistent with the united nations charter and the osce governing principles , as well as for exercises consistent with the adapted cfe treaty , the provisions of the vienna document 1994 and mutually agreed transparency measures . 
  russia will exercise similar restraint in its conventional force deployments in europe . 
  the workaround that * has * been done is to station small , regularly-rotating ( and thus not permanent ) forces in eastern europe . 
  poland has been rather-bitterly complaining about being left out in the cold . 
  on the other hand , the us does n't want its credibility to be damaged by going back on an agreement with russia . 
  anyway , if there has been a change in that security environment , that would mean that it would no longer be a violation of the agreement , and nato members are no longer bound to refrain from placing significant , permanent military installations in eastern europe . 
  iceland 's already a nato member , so all nato members are already on the hook for defending them anyway . 
  to my layman 's eyes , this is a minor agreement and does n't create any substantial new obligations on either side . 
  most of what iceland is used for at the moment from a nato standpoint is a base for us anti-submarine planes to monitor russian submarines . 
  iceland agrees to maintain the the buildings and stuff that the us built , so they do n't fall into disrepair -- most of these are n't in active use , since most of the base facilities have been closed up . 
  iirc , the us foots the bill for this ( it has in the past , and i remember some article about local interest in potential refurbishment contracts coming up ) . 
  as i understand it , the us has n't actually had any military there for decades other than people to operate some anti-submarine monitoring planes , which is a small chunk of the facilities . 
  i do n't know who was responsible before this or whether there was any formal agreement ; that may have been the status quo , whether formally or informally . 
  the rest of the text looks like reaffirmations of existing agreements or statements of intent . 
   in effect was a vote against globalization . 
  that 's the way * the guardian * put it , and while it 's plausible , i 'd want to see actual polls before concluding that that was the justification for voting . 
  certainly before adopting policy as a result or making decisions on what sort of political positions should be taken . 
   till the beginning of 20th century the senators where elected by the state legislatures . 
  specifically until the [ seventeenth amendment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seventeenth_amendment_to_the_united_states_constitution ) . 
  i think that there 's also a larger point here . 
  whether-or-not the mechanism for choosing council members is reasonable ... it can be changed if it is found to be lacking , just as it was in the united states . 
  the best response almost certainly is n't `` throw the whole thing out '' . 
   they are not interested in a detailed study , they do n't want to get through tons of information , even if you put it directly in front of them . 
  they will just not bother read it or refuse it due to confirmation bias . 
  i suppose that 's a fair point , though reading it would n't matter -- simply forcing someone to choose a single exit option would allow the opposition to raise negative points ( `` but your plan would give up x ! '' ), 
  iceland 's importance is n't in its military , but in the fact that it acts as a strategic location to control us-europe transit . 
  finland has partnered with nato , but avoided signing on , and has arranged an opt-out on having defend other eu members . 
  based on that extensive avoidance of having to sign on to defend other members , finland 's leadership is presumably worried about one of two points : * the impact of non-military russian penalties ( sanctions , whatever ) for joining such a bloc . 
  finland more business with russia than some other members . 
  * concern about being dragged into a military conflict that russia is having with another european member , as finland would be a likely target of russia . 
  to date , the eu had provided unidirectional security guarantees , with finland not needing to become involved in situations elsewhere , but brexit will substantially-weaken the eu 's ability to defend non-nato eu members . 
  i doubt that nato is going to let a country get away with unidirectional guarantees in the way that the eu cut a special deal with finland . 
  for the eu , it was okay to extend some defense benefits to get finland onboard for the non-military terms , as the main interest was in political and economic integration . 
  however , nato is purely a military alliance . 
  if other members fight in your defense , you are in turn responsible for fighting for their defense as well . 
  even iceland is subject to the same obligations . 
  the us seems unlikely to sign a lone finland-us agreement to publicly guarantee defense of finland . 
  doing that would just mean that every nato member would want to drop nato ( as nato could theoretically drag them into a hypothetical future conflict in europe that another member gets into ) and sign similar individual agreements . 
  that sets a bad precedent for nato . 
  individual agreements are less desirable for the us , since then the us then becomes responsible alone for providing a ton of defense to individual countries , rather than a large , united bloc of countries doing so . 
  you could take the above paragraph and replace `` us '' with `` post-brexit uk '' . 
  and because of that lack of a guarantee of involvement , any military agreements are necessarily of limited deterrent value -- that is , what finland would really want would be a public guarantee that it will have other countries join in to defend it . 
   he wants a `` schengen 2 '' that limits free circulation to european citizens only . 
  this makes no sense to me . 
  the point of the schengen area is that it lets you cut barriers to commerce and travel by eliminating border checkpoints . 
  you need border checkpoints if you are to distinguish between citizens of eu member nations and people who are not . 
  that 's why you ca n't have countries in schengen without being in the eu -- with no borders , people would just violate border control laws . 
  some of the condescension seems to come from the fact that the writer is speaking from a position of hindsight ... 
   u.k. prime minister david cameron repeatedly promised that the referendum was binding and has since stuck to this position . 
  no , he has n't . 
  `` binding '' is a legal term , and that is one thing that it is not . 
  if the eu cracks up , you 'd still need to accomodate them . 
  finland was n't enamored of russia after the winter war , but it had to work with what it had . 
   this is obviously not just a czech thing , looking at the leave leaders in the uk , it seems like they also have not idea how to implement all the things they promised . 
  seems like an obvious strategy is to try to require leave efforts to pin down a specific plan -- that is , it was the ability to mingle bits from many different leave possibilities that let the uk 's leave campaign win . 
  it has n't been * started * , rather , from an eu standpoint . 
  well , to be fair ... looking at the brexit vote results , you 're also the picture of the sort of person who voted remain in the uk -- educated , has lived in cosmopolitan environments and crossed borders . 
  the people on this forum are english-speaking and interested in international discussion . 
  now ... i wonder what kind of nationalist sentiment exists in member countries . 
  i mean , realistically , the people i speak to here probably are quite outward-looking relative to the norm for the population . 
  in the us , the anti-gluten craze started within one year after the fda started requiring gluten labeling , even though it had no health relevance to almost all people . 
  my guess is that anti-gmo marketing efforts seek to take advantage of a similar mechanism via such a label . 
  hmm . 
  well , you 're irish , and ireland was part of the uk for a long time . 
  do you consider irish sentiment on trade to be different from that in northern ireland , wales , scotland , and england ? 
  well , you had people from affected industries lobbying against ttip , yes ? 
  and the uk had been the norm -- people like the * status quo * .
