  the us is n't going to participate in any keep-the-brits-down game . 
  the eu has problems on two borders . 
  having a third would be a profoundly bad idea . 
  third , you can always modify article 50 to require a majority approval , if you collectively think that 's necessary and you truly have buy-in . 
  in my eyes , that 's the right thing to do in terms of eu maintaining credibility if you truly do n't want states to leave . 
  my opinion is that at some point , this would have had to happen anyway ... maybe well down the road , but eventually . 
  there are some people in / r/ukpolitics who downright see the eu as imminent fourth reich . 
  i was really surprised ... have n't seen poll data , though , so ... 
   saying he had inserted it specifically to prevent the british from complaining that there was no clear cut , official way for them to bail out of the union . 
    `` my intention was that it should be a classic safety valve that was there , but never used . 
  it is like having a fire extinguisher that should never have to be used . 
  instead , the fire happened . '', 
  you and david cameron rolling the dice at the same time , on the other hand , is trouble . 
  the real question is whether or not people * want * to try to keep countries as countries in the eu . 
  if federalization is imminent , it 's less of a big deal . 
  you can have older people living in one place . 
  but if fiscal transfers are an issue , for example ... 
  if you want to keep a country that functions the way it has in the past , it might make sense to adopt policies that tend to make businesses go to the labor rather than the other way around . 
  that way , you get a ton of german companies opening up branches in poland instead of a ton of workers moving from poland to germany . 
  pro : * does n't hollow out national populations . 
  one way , other than fiscal transfers , of dealing with the inevitable consequences of funding those sting populations . 
  * less social stress on target countries . 
  the uk voted leave because they felt overwhelmed . 
  the us never had this degree of internal migration pressures , because we never linked up with anything with a large existing population , so ca n't look at the us to see what happened there , though other countries may have . 
  cons : * does n't let countries compete on the strength of their legal systems , resources , etc for labor . 
  * slows wage convergence of the people involved . 
  * slows linguistic and cultural integration in the eu . 
  i 'd go the other way and say that if you look closely-enough at something , you 'll always find flaws . 
  look at the report from a major investigation ... the * challenger * disaster , for example . 
  they 'll always find a bunch of things which could be improved upon . 
  but you 're never going to hit everything , just because if finite time and resources . 
  hmm . 
  was he ? 
  the impression i had was that he did n't do much with domestic policy . 
  i know that he was n't a strict conservative on policy , more moderate , but was he populist ? 
  the war kinda overshadowed everything , but the impression i have was that his focus was on international matters and that he certainly was n't isolationist . 
  maybe nationalist to some degree ... i dunno , maybe i 'm just calibrated to the us , but the limited bits of speeches that i 've heard did n't seem terribly nationalist . 
  equal-value with the chicken sales . 
  i would have thought that france would have backed down on our chicken and we would have backed down on germany 's trucks ages ago , but ... 
  vietnam was the last us draft . 
  some people gave hypothesized that it wo n't happen again because the needs of modern war have tended toward ls more specialization . 
  however , all males still register for the draft , and my guess is that if there is another serious conventional war , that there will be a draft . 
  my point was really that mandatory military service for needing people on short notice , not the draft . 
  the `` you do service in the military , we give you a scholarship '' thing is n't unpopular that i 'm aware of . 
  i suppose that it helps provide a way to transition from wartime . 
  the last time we put a lot of people into military service , we did the [ gi bill ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/g.i._bill ) , which had an even more extensive set of policies , including educational grants , to try to get people transitioned back to civilian life . 
  that seems to have worked . 
  as for the swiss model ... yeah , i can understand the merits , and i do n't feel comfortable saying that it 's not the way to go . 
  the main beef i have with n months or years of mandatory service is twofold : * the disruption -- someone may be doing something else really valuable , and i hate to just have a blanket requirement . 
  it 's got a real economic cost and i feel a bit twitchy about resource allocation that has n't been run through a market . 
  * i wonder about relevance of of relatively short -- term training in a world where wars are probably won or lost on other fronts . 
  a trained rifleman simply is going to be in trouble if the other side has air superiority , and it 's hard to rapidly train people quickly to be able to operate combat aircraft . 
  well , he 's including conscription in the questions . 
  probably few people enjoy being in a war , all else held equal . 
  well , i 'm a yank , but :  do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) yeah , but if it involves turning over national militaries , as part of federalization . 
  anything before then is going to amount to a symbolic move with a small number of soldiers . 
  control of the military is control of a country . 
   would you join it voluntarily ? 
  well , for obvious reasons , i would n't , but if i can translate this to `` would you join a professional military '' , i personally have had other career moves that have been preferable , but not because it 's unthinkable . 
   would you support a draft ? 
  i think that it is a good idea for countries to keep the option of a draft open . 
  i also think that some of the historical model of drafting riflemen makes less sense in today 's world . 
  that being said , citizenship rights have long been tied in societies to being willing to defend it if the shit hits the fan . 
  i think that if someone is n't willing to support a draft , there are some questions about why they should be able to vote to send others to war . 
   would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  4 . b would you support mandatory basic training of an year or two ? 
  i 'm undecided on the value of providing basic military training . 
  that sorry of thing is useful if there is an immediate need for soldiers , with no time to train any -- you can immediately mobilize the public . 
  the us has n't been in that position for a long time . 
  i do think that there 's a good argument for letting the market decide . 
  that is , if you want people to spend two years training for the benefit of society , society should arguably be willing to foot the bill for whatever it costs to incentivize a given percentage of society and get them to do it willingly . 
  that may be a lot more than society is currently offering mandatory service folks . 
  as long as it does n't harm national unity ... and realistically , you do n't need everyone extensively trained -- some people would be driving vehicles or whatnot . 
  as i 've said before , i do n't know how much estonia is spending on defense , but it 's more than the direct expenditures , since people are working below market rate . 
  ditto for membership in the reserves . 
   do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  if there were a hypothetical situation in which the us got in a total war , yeah , i 'd have some relevant knowledge , but i have n't fired a firearm in ages -- most of the folks i know that have done military stuff have been working with technology and i 'd be more-likely to be useful doing that . 
  good domestic politics ? 
  looks better to dump than be dumped . 
  hollande can transmit his real concerns to the uk leadership and other diplomats privately . 
  public demands are visible to the public . 
  okay . 
  i hear that you guys are gon na potentially have an armed populace and the death penalty , as well , and have us nukes , so we 've got lots in common !, 
  got ta improve those obesity levels , though . 
  really and honestly , the degree of scapegoating surprises me . 
  * hollande was getting attacks from people , including some very bitter ones here . 
  no leader in europe or anywhere else in the world has instituted policies that would keep a truck somewhere from hitting any crowd ( or to stop any of the other substitute attacks that would happen were this stops ) . 
  * the police catching blame . 
  they shot the guy dead and ended the rampage in what , by my napkin estimate , something like two minutes and change after the incident started . 
  it takes time for police to even be sure about what 's happening . 
  is there a struggle going on in the truck ? 
  are there hostages in the truck ? 
  shooting someone is no joke -- if you go shoot the wrong person , the public will again be outraged at police . 
  they have limited mobility in a crowd and ca n't catch up with the truck once it 's passed them either , which means that they have to radio ahead and inform other police about the situation based on a glimpse of what they saw as it went by them . 
  they have to make those officers , maybe in the middle of dealing with some drunk guy brawling with someone else , quickly understand what 's happening . 
  you could speed up reaction time by doing things like granting police legal immunity for shooting someone and ordering them to make that their first reaction if there 's any doubt , but i think that we can all agree that that would have serious side effects and create an unpleasant society . 
  i 'm reminded of the [ prosecutions and six-year prison sentences of the italian scientists involved in an earthquake prediction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_l%27aquila_earthquake#prosecutions ) ( who apparently ultimately had most of their sentences overturned on appeal ; i do have a bit of hope that perhaps the whole fiasco was simply a choreographed political exercise with an ultimate successful appeal planned for after tensions had died down ) . 
  being upset about something does n't mean having to beat up on people . 
  would a reasonable person , like one of the public , have done the same as the police or hollande ?
