  [ 29 ] [ snip ]  juvenalian satire , named after the roman satirist juvenal ( late 1st century -- early 2nd century ad ) , is more contemptuous and abrasive than the horatian . 
  juvenal disagreed with the opinions of the public figures and institutions of the republic and actively attacked them through his literature . 
  `` he utilized the satirical tools of exaggeration and parody to make his targets appear monstrous and incompetent '' ( podzemny ) . 
  [ 32 ] juvenal satire follows this same pattern of abrasively ridiculing societal structures . 
  unlike horace , juvenal attacked public officials and governmental organizations through his satires . 
  he regarded their opinions not just as wrong , but instead as evil . 
  juvenalian satire thus is more contemptuous and abrasive , and uses strong irony and sarcasm . 
  polarized political satire is often of this nature , and aims to provoke political and societal change . 
  [ 33 ]   juvenalian satire addresses social evil through scorn , outrage , and savage ridicule . 
  this form is often pessimistic , characterized by irony , sarcasm , moral indignation and personal invective , with less emphasis on humor . 
  strongly polarized political satire is often juvenalian . 
  last time i looked ( ca n't remember the url , but had a nice breakdown by country ) , turks in the us overwhelmingly voted for chp . 
   i do n't think you can get in trouble for saying the truth . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defamation#truth  in some systems , however , notably the philippines , truth alone is not a defense . 
  i think that , generally-speaking , you 're better off using experts for issues in which expertise is required to make a reasonable call . 
  the public is best at ensuring that the interests of someone do n't diverge too-radically from their own . 
  you * could * have a referendum , but if so , you 'd need to educate the entire population sufficiently in the relevant issues to be able to make an informed judgment . 
  that would probably be pretty expensive in terms of consumed man-hours . 
   wants more freedom and higher standards wants fewer restrictions and more restrictions ? 
  `` populism '' tends to have a negative connotation in english too . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/populism  political parties and politicians often use the terms * populist * and * populism * as pejoratives against their opponents . 
  such a view sees populism as merely empathising with the public , ( usually through rhetoric or unrealistic proposals ) in order to increase appeal across the political spectrum ( cf. 
  demagogy ) . 
  reminder , though , that it 's a psychological barrier . 
  the eu could , say , add a member and be above that even without economic growth . 
  economic policies in either that trade future economic activity for current could increase one or the other easily . 
  the two are roughly comparable in terms of total economic weight , with china not far behind and japan well behind that ... and then india well behind that . 
  what you can say is that the eu and the us are each about a quarter of world gdp , which is pretty hefty . 
  not quite our glory days of [ briefly being responsible for the majority of the world 's gnp ] ( http://www.combinedfleet.com/economic.htm ) , but both are still pretty hefty . 
   and it is harming us as well . 
  well , doing anything costs something . 
  you want to go to war with russia , you 're looking at cost too -- and the folks involved with running the numbers saw this as the most cost-effective way . 
   i do n't think trying to destabilise russia is a good idea . 
  < shrug  well , it 's hard to complain simultaneously about nothing being done and something being done . 
  maybe it wo n't work . 
  in pre-world-war ii japan , where militarists had political control of much of the government , it did n't work out -- instead of withdrawing from china , they decided to try a hail mary and attack the us , and they wound up having to be removed militarily . 
  but if this works , i think that it will be a better route . 
  and it does n't need to destabilize the government ... nor would that even really be the best route . 
  the best approach would be putin deciding that the losses he 's suffering makes eastern and southern ukraine not worth trying to hold . 
   the west could easily roflstomp the russian forces in georgia or ukraine yes , but it would have several undesirable effects : * it would probably trash ukraine as well as russian military . 
  countries with serious wars being fought through them wind up with dead people , destroyed infrastructure , and a generation of maimed people . 
  it 's also harder to `` turn off '' when done than economic pressure . 
  * my guess is that it would make it politically more-difficult for putin to back down , which is the opposite of what would be desirable . 
  i assume that this -- just in the other direction -- is the same reason that putin went through all the rigmarole about `` not actually being in ukraine '' . 
  that way , if other leaders wanted a politically-safe way to back out , they could , by simply treating the situation as if russia was n't involved . 
  they chose not to do that , and extended the same sort of `` preferable way out '' to putin , who does n't need to look like he 's losing a war this way . 
  * it would have the potential for nuclear escalation , which is in nobody 's interests . 
  * it will probably embitter a generation -- war really sets off those low-level protect-the-tribe mental triggers -- more than would economic pressure . 
  * the eu has a relatively-limited ability to produce military pressure , but a substantial ability to exert economic pressure . 
  russia is a lightweight economically , but punches over its weight militarily . 
  the economic arena provides more bang for the buck . 
  * some of the whole picture is political . 
  ukraine does not , at the moment , have strong connections to the eu , though statistically , ukranians like the idea of being in the eu . 
  they were not , pre-russia-attacking , enthralled about the idea of nato . 
  any time you involve yourself in a war , no matter how well-justified it seems , you 're going to cause damage that some people will resent -- and a host of foreign powers duking it out in your territory is a good one . 
  putin has antagonized everyone in the area by rolling military hardware in . 
  why risk doing the same ? 
  * it would be easy , even if a war did not go nuclear , for it to expand in scope . 
  will russian military not in ukraine at the moment simply be kept passively where it is ? 
  there are many * other * countries that it would be better not to have in a conflict in the area . 
  remember , for example , that karelia was annexed from finland under the pretext that the moscow needed to defend itself from berlin . 
  a broad conflict would not be advantageous for europe . 
  * the political and legal bar for use of economic devices is lower than that for use of the military . 
  you have a war , you will have anti-war protesters to deal with . 
  you make use of economic sanctions , nobody is going to care . 
  * even if successful , this would probably start a full-on depths-of-the-cold-war-level situation . 
  is it better for poland to have gobs of russian tanks parked on the other side of their border for the next thirty years ? 
   russia does n't even have the gdp of italy , they are fairly irrelevant economically anyway . 
  not compared to the us or the eu , true . 
  so why move conflict from the economic realm , which is one of the most-favorable to the us and the eu , into the military realm ? 
   if the germans tore up their constitution and wrote a new one , that would be the new law of the land . 
  yes . 
  but that would be a higher bar than having a mechanism that did n't involve rejecting the constitution . 
  i guess for some definition of `` at will '' that would be `` at will '' , but at that point , i guess you 'd say that any law , rule , or structure could be changed at all -- yet clearly , they do affect the way the world works . 
   and where was the international law when russia took bits of land from ukraine and georgia ? 
  used to provide political support for things like sanctions . 
  somebody searches on google , grabs the first likely-looking image , turns out to be some / r/vexillology project . 
  ah , i was talking specifically about the `` nobody did anything '' statement re : ukraine . 
  could who afford to put economic pressure on all of whom ? 
   anglo-saxon ... ideological heritage is a cancer of which the continent should be purged . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-saxons  the anglo-saxons were a people who inhabited great britain from the 5th century . 
  they comprised people from germanic tribes who migrated to the island from continental europe , their descendants , and indigenous british groups who adopted some aspects of anglo-saxon culture and language . 
  `` never '' is a pretty long time . 
   no one did anything when russia annexed and then attacked parts of ukraine . 
  nobody attacked russia militarily . 
  russia was placed under economic pressure . 
  us did the same thing with japan pre-world-war-ii , did the same thing in the suez crisis , has generally preferred to use economic pressure to military . 
   `` international laws '' are , without exception , feel-good bullshit pronouncements that only ever get enforced when it 's politically convenient for someone to do so . 
  well , if you 'd take that stance , i 'd point out that there 's something of a selection bias in which rules become international law . 
  the things that countries sign up for are generally the things that they would like to see enforced . 
  so , for example , piracy is illegal . 
  countries overwhelmingly do not want piracy , and even if one country tried benefiting via being a base for pirates , other countries that do n't want the trade disruption would clobber it . 
  so the chance of international law being meaningful is n't all that low . 
   only national laws matter , and in a representative democracy , national laws and constitutions can literally be changed at will . 
  well , depends . 
  there 's typically a high bar . 
  germany has some portion of its constitution that theoretically can never be changed ( which can be read as `` would require people to be willing to violate the constitution to change it '' ) . 
  it was an accident . 
  moscow did n't benefit in any way -- far from it -- from the disaster , and certainly would n't have set up the power plant if they 'd known that it would end like this . 
  looking at this map , i had n't realized that this screwed over belarus as much as it did .
