  these are more-or-less the same people you 'd find anywhere , slightly different tribal affiliation . 
  what purpose would it serve to go and kill lots of them in a fit of pique ? 
  they probably did n't particularly want to make poles worse-off . 
  they would have been worried about the harvest coming in or whether the girl down the street would marry them . 
  wipe out legions in a radioactive firestorm , and what have you gained ? 
  you 're not punishing the people responsible , and if you 've no military goal , you 've not gained anything . 
  i do n't know what the right solution would have been . 
  patton invading the ussr would have been very difficult . 
  i do n't think that it would have been politically realistic -- we 're looking back at that through the frame of the cold war , which had n't yet happened . 
  it would have meant , while still in a war in the pacific and with war fatigue in the us from years of war , initiating a new massive war in europe against an ally , even if an uneasy one , and dropping the most immediate concerns ( re-establishing food to a starving europe ) . 
  and what poland would actually look like years henceforth was n't known : there were rather-rosier expectations from many , including fdr . 
  the us had no defense treaties with poland . 
  hell , the un did n't exist . 
  this would have been action without a legal basis . 
  ( i 'm not sure what promises churchill made during the war , but he obviously could n't commit the us to anything . ), 
  any action would have relied on atomic weapons that did n't yet exist , and their use would have been dubiously justifiable : the us is still criticized today over whether hiroshima and nagasaki were necessary . 
  it would have looked something like nuking and then invading china today because china is n't playing nicely in tibet . 
  countries do n't really do that . 
  i do n't know how much economic interaction with the outside world the ussr had at that point , so economic pressure would have been limited . 
  anything capable of pulling poland back out would have put western europe also at risk , which mostly was in no shape to defend itself at that point . 
  i do think that the us could have viably refused to recognize the unity government , and , as with the baltics , recognized their governments-in-exile . 
  but while that provided some benefits to the baltics , it did not fundamentally change the experience the people had . 
   the americans kept the russians at bay for 75 years for western europe ... but not for poland for most of that time . 
  that guy is maybe in his eighties -- he was probably alive back when poland was placing hopes on the west to ensure a polish democracy post-war . 
  that , at the time , more-or-less amounted to the uk and the us , with the uk having a greatly-decreased ability to exert pressure in the late war and juggling other problems . 
  if anyone could realistically have changed anything significant , it would have had to have been us . 
  the outcome of accepting the national unity government at pottsdam turned out to be a costly one for poland , and one that poland lived with the consequences of for a long time . 
  that guy will have lived his life with them . 
  and he 's out there waving a flag , you know ? 
  we did n't accomplish that much for poland over that period . 
  every time i see one of these , i feel kinda guilty ... 
  i was interested . 
  i only became aware of the fragmentation in china a few years ago , and i had n't seen it quantified . 
  i think that government officials using twitter is a larger factor than the language . 
  that thing is a platform for spreading kneejerk reactions . 
   english does n't even have verb conjugation love , will love , loved , is loving ? 
  do they speak spanish or catalan ? 
   if trump aids ask question about the collapse of the eu , then that is because that 's the kind of narrative british media and social networks have spread across the anglosphere . 
  trump does not ( or does not need to , at any rate ) get information about eu status from social media . 
  he 's got access to an extensive bureaucracy . 
  you 're pissed at the brits for leaving , fine . 
  but trump saying stupid and/or undiplomatic crap is an issue with trump , not the british . 
  it 's out . 
  usb-c is replacing micro-usb -- it has a reversible plug . 
  it also standardizes higher power over usb . 
  you can get usb-c phones and cables now . 
  i use a nexus 6p , which has a usb-c jack . 
  it will take a bit for older usb devices to go away , same as was the case for mini-usb ( pretty uncommon now ) to micro-usb . 
  well , if a website is n't using them , it is indeed typically harder to track users . 
  i doubt that most of the public knows what a cookie is or the privacy implications of them , though . 
  what would the purpose be ? 
  if it 's a prestige thing rather than a money thing , how high-profile is the european court of auditors ? 
  seems like it might be an unsatisfactory replacement from france 's position . 
  nice motivation , implementation did n't work . 
  more to the point -- if upon hearing that they were being investigated , to start having hard drives wiped . 
  i ca n't imagine the country that would be fine with destruction of evidence in an investigation . 
  further , unlike fines , which hurt vw as a whole and have a negative effect on a major german employer , this is criminal prosecution of the people directly involved . 
  i 'm surprised that of all things , the latter would be objectionable in germany . 
  also , this is not because vw is headquartered overseas . 
  if you start trying to subvert an investigation by destroying evidence , regardless of who you are , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  we [ brought down a us president ] ( http://watergate.info/impeachment/articles-of-impeachment ) over it -- being based in the us is not going to help . 
  i think that it 's also significant that they were destroying evidence . 
  without that , i doubt that this would have moved past fines . 
  ... it was a reference to circumcision reducing sexual sensation ... 
  you could , but there 's an assumption that the militaries of countries , given resources , will use them as best they can , not intentionally waste them . 
  there is pressure to not spend money on the military , but not to waste it once there . 
  additionally , nato is not a country . 
  perhaps one day the eu will be , but nato is not and will not be . 
  thus , it has no common foreign policy , it has no power to dictate to members on what they can spend , and without that , unwise spending would always be possible . 
  it 's necessary for nato to have only high-level bounds like spending targets . 
  however , gdp percent expenditure on military capability is a common metric . 
  and you * can * impose taxes to achieve that level of spending : budget is not fixed . 
  if you tied it to budget , you 'd simply impose a higher level of spending on sweden -- which makes heavy use of government spending rather than the private sector -- than the us , which has a relatively-small budget . 
  the ability to set taxes and spend on military is not set by the current level of taxation , but by the gdp . 
   that 's an assumption of yours not an argument you 're seriously arguing that it would be * impossible * to permit infant male circumcision without permitting unbounded other removal ? 
  all right , let me use europe or the us 's present system as a counterexample . 
   it should be about % of budget not % of gdp anyway . 
  why ? 
  that would make the cost a function of how state-centric the economy is , and i do n't see why that would be desirable . 
  they 're just envious of our staying power !, 
  but we do n't hold it against 'em . 
  i still think that this is the wrong way to go for rapid refueling . 
  have an overhead crane that 's fully-automated that removes the old battery and puts in a freshly-charged one . 
  could be true , but then that also means going to war with religion in general . 
  i think that that that might be a difficult task . 
  and i 'd add that i 'm less-convinced than you are that religion will stay dead , if it goes . 
  * religion developed multiple times . 
  that 's a good argument that it 's an emergent phenomenon that could show up again . 
  * `` ghosts '' and some other spiritual views that are not handed down in such a fashion [ command astonishingly -- to me in my bubble -- high belief ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/09/why-do-people-believe-in-ghosts/379072/ ) : `` a harris poll from last year found that 42 percent of americans say they believe in ghosts . 
  the percentage is similar in the u.k. , where 52 percent of respondents indicated that they believed in ghosts in a recent poll . '', 
  * religions have developed remarkably recently , including things like mormonism or scientology . 
  that 's a good argument that they can still develop . 
  * cults , including remarkably extreme ones , like the suicidal [ heaven 's gate cult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heaven%27s_gate_\\ ( religious_group \\ ) ) , were able to develop recently . 
  * people have been predicting the demise of religion for at least hundreds of years . 
  it has n't happened yet . 
  * / r/futurology has brought up whether religion [ will develop in the future before ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/17xu60/comment/c89x14r ) , and i find arguments there in favor of future new religions as opposed to a permanent cessation to be compelling . 
  that 's using a different justification , one of medical necessity . 
  my point was that your initial justification probably was n't the one that you wanted . 
  your call , i guess . 
  no , that 's not what i said .
