  subic bay in the phillippines in 1992 , or france post-world war ii asked us to leave and we did . 
  that 's not really comparable to sending in un-uniformed soldiers to parts of ukraine and saying `` this land is now russian '' over the objections of the government and the un . 
    and do n't try to annex said land . 
    sure cuz you would never try to anex canada yeah , that 's true . 
  it was also over two hundred years ago , though . 
    if the us had just annexed kaliningrad , you 'd have an argument . 
    actualy , the us just `` anexed '' kosovo . 
  without even a talk of a referendum . 
  had it done so , it 'd be us territory . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm using `` nation '' as a synonym for `` country '' , which is the norm in the us . 
  kosovo is recognized by most un members . 
  palestine is as well ( though we 're not one of the ones who do ) . 
   one speaker , interestingly , drew a direct comparison between the way russia felt it was treated by the west and how it was treated by china . 
  the chinese , he said -- in relation to central asia -- prepared the ground , consulted , kept russia informed , so there were no unpleasant surprises , and was always open to cooperation . 
  now this may or may not be true , and even if it is , such an approach may not endure china 's continuing rise internationally . 
  but it was a common view . 
  seems to me that that kind of thing needs to be bidirectional . 
  sending ununiformed people into ukraine to lop off bits of it comes off as a bit of an unpleasant surprise to ukraine . 
  i think the point is that ireland is more-subject to out-of-band economic pressures than the uk is . 
  do you not think that federation in the uk would be a good idea ? 
  i mean , i get the vague impression from discussions here ( scottish periodic independence votes , argument over degree of devolution , complaints from the english that they do n't have their own parliament , etc ) , that you guys could benefit from federation . 
  the main arguments that i 've seen against it seems to be from folks who want to preserve the union and worry that it could lead to a uk breakup . 
  i have n't seen people arguing strongly against federation , assuming that a stable one could be established . 
   we do n't get anything from the eu if they take away our low taxes ... why the fuck would we stay in something after it takes away all the benefits ? ... we will leave because we gain nothing from staying . 
  well , maybe that gets at the heart of the matter . 
  ireland can currently generate revenue from the combination of : a ) being in the eu . 
  b ) having low corporate tax rates . 
  do you view this as the only benefit of eu membership ? 
  because it 's certainly true that my comment is predicated on the view that there * are * benefits to eu membership above-and-beyond this . 
  if you do n't agree with that , it indeed would undermine my point . 
  among the things that i 'd say would be advantageous to ireland being in the eu are : * market access . 
  * economy-of-scale across the eu . 
  * access to live and work and go to university in a broader range of places than would otherwise be the case . 
  * less inconvenience and cost to travel and vacation . 
  * greater global influence ( albeit with less control over that influence ) . 
  * if you view european federation as a benefit -- i think that the us has benefited tremendously from federation -- eu membership is really a requirement to attain that . 
  do you not consider these to be benefits to ireland ? 
  ( note that i 'd consider these arguments also applicable to the uk remaining a member . ), 
  hmm . 
  okay , i was thinking of the term in its more-common-over-here sense as just referring to the jewish deaths . 
  if you 're including executions of communists , that might be a factor ... dunno . 
  hmm . 
  you got ta remember that some of the `` rules '' for when war is acceptable come from un agreements , and post-date world war ii . 
   tzar was murdered i 'm not sure that this violates any international law , even if you 're going by laws that are only in force today and not then . 
  it definitely violates * russian * laws of the time , but that regime was also overturned , and i 'm sure that there was some form of legal rationale . 
  i remember talking to some guy on ... i dunno , maybe it was here or on / r/russia or something and he was * very emphatic * that nicholas ii abdicated . 
  i got the vague idea that this was ideologically-important in russia in some way , like was involved with legitimizing the revolution . 
  seemed all very academic to me , but he really got worked up over it . 
   bolsheviks won a violent revolution same . 
   ussr got bigger by annexing land i do n't really know what international law was on war at the time of world war ii . 
  i mean , clearly there were countries who might * oppose * russia doing so , but i 'm not actually totally clear on what violations happened . 
  there were a lot of things that would n't be okay today , like the [ population transfers in the soviet union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_transfer_in_the_soviet_union ) . 
  but ... the laws against that were not [ * ex post facto * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ex_post_facto_law ) -- and in my eyes , rightly so , as that is very widely-viewed as an undesirable thing to do in law . 
  the us apparently [ refused to recognize soviet annexation of the baltics from world war ii on through the cold war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welles_declaration ) , and apparently this * was * based on some legal principle in international law , but i do n't know the background to it . 
  wages should still be able to adjust , just with more disruption than with independently-floating currencies . 
  people would be laid off and hired again at lower wages . 
   for reals , why you guys feel the need to read this retarded rt-tier propaganda ? 
  the * economist * ? 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a private publication . 
  sure , it 's got its preferences . 
  the answer to an economic problem is gon na invariably be `` not liberal enough '' . 
  it thinks that american gun rights are a bad idea and something like the nhs is essential , but broadly-speaking , it 's favorable to a us-style economy . 
  it despises nationalization . 
  it approves of free trade . 
  if i went to the us , plenty of people would be irked about its gun rights position , and in greece , a lot of people would be irked about its insistence on privatizing things . 
  but while it 's critical of the current russian regime , it 's not a state-run disinformation outlet , any more than anyone supporting the current russian regime is rt. 
  it was a five-part article ; something of a special case . 
  these were `` sub-parts '' that were n't included in the original submission post . 
  i debated posting the text a bit , but decided that it 's be better to include than omit . 
  the problem with threatening to leave is that ireland is n't just operating on a low corporate tax rate ( which , true , has its benefits ) . 
  it 's operating with a low corporate tax rate * in the eu * . 
  if ireland leaves , it also loses the tax-generation engine that it has . 
  that limits the credibility of any threat to leave , since it becomes `` do n't take away x or we 'll give up x ! '', 
   germany has gained the most out of the euro while it screwed the poorer countries during the crash . 
  hmm . 
  i was going to say that a persistent trade surplus is n't possible and attempts to maintain it problematic , just like a persistent deficit . 
  however ... i guess the fact that there 's freedom of movement means that germany can benefit in terms of pulling in a lot of population , if you see that as a plus ( the british public clearly did not like it in the uk ) . 
  if you count estate tax , it 's actually not . 
  estonia ca n't do that unless the eu cuts a deal because it 's in a customs union , and you know it , truc . 
  let 's not try and put estonia in an awkward place . 
  i agree that the eu actively punishing the uk is idiotic , but you try and break a customs union , they 're gon na be pissy . 
  you 'd complain too if you were staying and russia or someone tried levering into uk markets that way . 
  neither are a nation , however . 
  and the overwhelming majority of the international community does not recognize them : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_abkhazia_and_south_ossetia  in total , abkhazia and south ossetia were recognised by six and five un member states respectively , though vanuatu subsequently withdrew its recognition of abkhazia in 2013 as did tuvalu of both in 2014 . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] the two regions recognise each other , and also have some recognition from other non-un member states . 
    georgia and the majority of countries of the world do not recognise them as independent . 
  [ 8 ] georgia officially considers them as sovereign territory of the georgian state under russian military occupation . 
   so does usa , ok not neighbors bit coutries around the world . 
  we also leave and do n't try to annex said land . 
  if the us had just annexed kaliningrad , you 'd have an argument . 
   whel imagine russian troop build up in mexico , would n't that be a provocation ? 
  * russia 's invaded and annexed or established frozen conflicts in several neighbors . 
  * this was as per request from those members . 
  * there are more forces on the russian side there . 
  * even if there were n't , 4000 soldiers across all the baltics are n't going to be taking over russia . 
  what they do mean is that any conflict in the area is immediately going to involve forces from a bunch of nato members . 
  nato would easily win in a conflict -- but given past history in the region , allies providing a response has been a concern , and this aims at addressing that . 
  apparently luxembourg provides the water guys .
