  is this * literally * just erdogan saying something , or does it imply that there is liability of the country to survivors somehow ? 
  the amount of effort spent on this makes me think that it must be more than simply a verbal statement . 
   are you enragedmoose ? 
   if we were in russia 's position next to a bunch of countries , we 'd be complaining too . 
  as i said , many european countries have bordering countries . 
  they even used to fight wars with each other . 
  today , they 've collectively-decided that that 's not a great idea . 
  russia * could * do the same thing . 
   do you not see americans complain a shit ton about mexico alone ? 
  yes , i see people complaining about illegal immigration . 
  i do n't see people saying that we should annex parts of mexico . 
  i do n't see the leadership proposing that . 
  and i do n't see the us actually doing it ( not these days , at any rate ) . 
   yeah , yeah . 
  easy to say when you 're either usa , uk , australia , or canada . 
  i think that european users here would agree that it 's viable to not attack their neighbors . 
   their perspective is , it allowed them to keep their bases in crimea and prevent ukraine from joining nato/eu . 
  ukraine was unlikely to join nato in the short term -- in fact , nato was slowly withering in that russia did n't seem like a concern any more . 
  and it does n't block ukraine from joining the eu . 
  that trade was for making a populous country that was comparatively-friendly hostile and making the eu and the us , half the world 's economy , irate , causing sanctions to be imposed on russia , causing policy to be adapted to weaken russia 's primary source of money , gas and oil , losing their position on the g8 , causing multiple other countries to come close to joining a military alliance , and becoming disliked around the world ... all this for what is quite likely merely temporary control of a piece of land , with a small fraction of the countries out there recognizing the annexation ? 
  it 's not a matter of perspective -- has russia improved her position by moving into crimea and donbas ? 
  i think that it 's very hard to answer `` yes '' here . 
   edit : aaannd you downvote . 
  `` he do n't agree with me , wahhhh '' i have n't downvoted you . 
  i do n't even know what score you have yet -- it 's still hidden . 
  weight by population ? 
   to be fair , russia has shitty geography . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not a factor , but come on . 
  many european countries are exposed to each other , and they do n't go attacking each other . 
  hell , unless your country encompasses an entire island , you 've probably got some hard-to-defend borders , and air power makes that even more true . 
  the us has borders with mexico and canada that would be hard to defend , and yet the us has n't fought with mexico in 168 years and canada in 204 years . 
  heck , russia 's got more space to fall back through than any other country on earth . 
  lots of countries all around the world have had to get along with their neighbors without taking shots at annexing bits of them . 
  even if , as is the case all over europe , if at one point they possessed part of that land . 
  and , frankly , let me ask you this : has crimea strengthened russia 's position ? 
  today , right now , is russia more-powerful and more-secure than she would have been if she had refrained from moving in on crimea and donbas ? 
  was this an effective move , were its goal to defend ? 
  from your oecd link :  the poverty rate is the ratio of the number of people ( in a given age group ) whose income falls below the poverty line ; taken as half the median household income of the total population . 
  that 's a relative metric . 
  it does not measure absolute standard of living . 
  `` poverty '' means very different things from country to country if you use relative terms . 
  even without the us , nato still contains the uk , turkey , canada , france , germany , poland , and italy . 
   abusive spouse syndrome . 
  i 've seen people using analogies that involve personifying countries to describe national strategies before , and i just never think that they are particularly plausible . 
  human psychological quirks do n't seem to me to map well to countries . 
  [ certainly used to have one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_plan_red ) , and [ canada had a counterinvasion scheme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defence_scheme_no._1 ) . 
  apparently in theory yes , though countries have found ways around it : https://www.icrc.org/eng/assets/files/other/law8_final.pdf  a neutral state must never assist a party to the armed conflict , in particular it must not supply warships , ammunition or other war materials directly or indirectly to a belligerent power , but otherwise its trade with the belligerent states remains unaffected . 
     there should be no need to develop this point . 
  however , if any student refers to the law 's subsequent provisions on the subject , you might need to point out , in class or after , that the law is a little confusing . 
  subsequent provisions in the two main hague conventions on neutrality hint that such supply by private companies or individuals of a neutral state might nevertheless be acceptable . 
      state practice since the adoption of those conventions has modified this view . 
  the separation of the state and private armaments industry is now artificial and does not correspond to political reality . 
  arms production and the arms trade are in many ways managed , promoted and controlled by the state . 
  customary international law at present holds that the state is committing a non-neutral act if it grants permission to supply any sort of war materials , i.e. 
  not just the examples given in the law ( warships , ammunition and other war materials ) , which are purely illustrative . 
  massive financial support for a party to the conflict , supplying oil or coal , etc. , would also tend to constitute non-neutral behaviour . 
  that being said , from a practical standpoint , the ussr would ( and did ) wink at countries doing this , just as the allies winked at switzerland selling war-critical materials to germany . 
   and rely solely on the us for a deterrent the netherlands ? 
  it has at least : * the eu mutual assistance clause . 
  * nato ( which is n't just the us ) . 
  even if the us were to abruptly disappear from the face of the earth tomorrow , the netherlands probably has more-extensive military alliances than the vast majority of countries on earth . 
  while the us would obviously have an interest in sweden not being invaded , the us also is n't bound to defend sweden . 
  if the us runs around defending countries without nato obligation , it severely undermines nato -- what country would want to sign on to defend other members if they knew that they could be defended without themselves having the same obligation ? 
  when finland was invaded in the winter war , they hoped that other countries would come help defend them . 
  many countries were sympathetic -- the league of nations condemned it , the us condemned it , there were some arms and munitions and some unofficial volunteers ( especially from sweden and estonia ) . 
  the uk and france made noise about troops , but never really made serious moves in this direction . 
  in all of these countries , there was popular support for finland -- but the countries did not militarily involve themselves . 
  finland made a lot of effort to pull other countries into the war , especially sweden , and finland 's diplomatic corps thought , up until the end , that there might be a real chance of pulling other countries in -- but no country was willing to leave their position of neutrality . 
  that was a bad gamble on finland 's end , and were i sweden , i would n't want to make a similar gamble . 
  i do agree that the uk and france would be bound to take action , though , and the eu itself represents a pretty substantial deterrent . 
  that was a popular poll . 
  in the event of an actual conflict , the leadership would have the ability to propagandize . 
   both countries have much corruption hey , now , wait a minute . 
  the us is not immune to corruption , but it does n't compare badly on a global basis , and russia is n't doing nearly as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index edit : the us is on-par with austria and ireland . 
  russia is on-par with guyana and sierra leone . 
  that does n't mean that an invasion is imminent ; it 's just gathering data in case it has to be used in the future . 
  [ there was an article up recently on how the ussr gathered really good high-resolution map data with infrastructure information on us cities targeting ground warfare , but there was no point where the ussr would realistically have been in a good position to invade ] ( http://www.wired.com/2015/07/secret-cold-war-maps/ ) . 
  just better to have the data in advance in case it 's needed . 
  i would assume that russia has always maintained war plans for sweden , and plenty of countries will do the same with other potential opponents . 
  i 'm sure that the us does the same , and i bet that france and the uk and china have war plans for less-likely-than-that opponents as well . 
   the religion that has done the greatest harm to the church in history i 'd think that protestantism impacted catholicism more than islam did . 
  guess you could say that that 's not a religion itself ... 
  might be better to just change the law so that people in the future can benefit . 
  both in and out : http://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/germany-suspends-dublin-agreement-for-syrian-refugees/  germany has ceased applying the rules of the dublin system to syrian refugees . 
  all deportations to other eu countries have been halted . 
  http://www.nltimes.nl/2016/05/13/germany-says-no-asylum-seekers-sent-back-netherlands/  the netherlands and germany are clashing about the fate of 900 asylum seekers . 
  the netherlands wants to send these asylum seekers back to germany , because that is where they were first registered . 
  but germany is refusing to take them , ad reports . 
    according to the dublin agreement , the country in which an asylum seeker is first registered is the country which will handle his application . 
  the netherlands has about 2,000 asylum seekers that was first recorded in eurodac , a system in which european countries register asylum seekers ' fingerprints , in germany . 
  and the dutch government wants to send these asylum seekers back to the country . 
    since march germany refused to take back 900 of these asylum seekers , ad reports based on figures received from the ministry of security and justice . 
  according to the germans , the registration of these 900 peoples ' fingerprints does not constitute an official request for protection . 
  `` the foreigner is only registered here , for the treatment of the application we have no authority '' , the german federal office for migration and refugees writes . 
  a spokesperson for the dutch ministry of security and justice told ad that they were `` in eurodac recorded by germany as an asylum seeker '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation#partial_suspension_of_the_regulation_during_2015_european_refugee_and_migrant_crisis looks like only some countries have suspended it , though . 
  well , you 're kinda both right . 
  to reduce intelligence to an approximation of one number is obviously going to be a simplification : it ca n't capture all information , just as it 's not possible to fully capture someone 's physical capabilities in a single number -- the endurance of a long-distance runner and the strength of a weightlifter are obviously going to have to be somehow collapsed to get one number . 
  on the other hand , iq is n't intended to try to be a complete , detailed description , either , and unless a new approximation of intelligence that is more-detailed and is more-predictive and as straightforward to obtain , it 's useful .
