  the deficit rules are interesting to me . 
  i suppose that some us states have perhaps run up more debt than they should ( certainly , it seems to be widely-agreed that the territory of puerto rico has ) . 
  on the other hand , the us does n't impose deficit rules on its members , and there has n't been a state default since 1847 , when four states defaulted . 
  bond yields seem to mostly stay sane . 
  what is your understanding of the rationale for the deficit limits ? 
  is it to try to avoid having countries play the `` too big to fail '' game and shifting losses to the eu after overspending ? 
  to simply to try to establish a financial system of comparable stability across the eu ? 
  to avoid issues where one administration spends and then offloads the taxation onto the public in the next administration ? 
   those countries used to devaluate their currencies once in a while to reset the system ... now they 're fucked . 
  so ... that i do n't totally understand . 
  i mean ... okay . 
  my understanding is that there are two ways in which a currency devaluation is useful : * to reduce wages and assets and contracts and so forth in lockstep . 
  it 's always possible to do this without a currency that adjusts in value , but if you would have devalued the currency , you have to fire and re-hire people at lower wages , which is really disruptive . 
  if everything in one integrated economy is linked to a currency that moves as a whole , then society internally continues to function -- you do n't have a lot of people on a bread line somewhere until someone figures out how to re-employ people at lower wages . 
  that may well have value ... but as i understand it , a single currency does n't condemn countries to a perpetual trade imbalance , as some people seem to be blaming the euro for . 
  rather , it avoids the disruption of businesses going under and layoffs when a trade imbalance must be corrected . 
  * in the case of an unexpected currency devaluation ( that is , a country manages to trick the market about whether-or-not it is going to devalue the currency ) , real wealth is transfered from those who hold assets denominated in the currency ( including the promise of future payments , like bonds ) . 
  but that seems to me that if this is a regular sort of affair , as you 're describing ... it does n't really provide much help to countries as a source of income from bond investors . 
  the market will figure this out ( `` hey ... everyone who buys greek bonds gets stiffed '' ) and simply refuse to purchase bonds without a higher yield , pricing in the resets . 
  if defaults tend to happen every 10 years , greece simply winds up having to pay a yield high enough to pay off that loss to bond investors . 
   sounds like a plan , and it 's already happening i believe . 
  well ... limiting freedom of movement would have two benefits -- it may make the nationalists more-content , and it would avoid the depopulation of poorer eu countries . 
  however , it 's also , as i understand it , the main mechanism that the eu has used to connect labor with markets . 
  if the eu is going to try to develop poorer eu countries * to the same level * , that would require very large-scale development spending and hefty taxes in northern and western europe . 
  so , basically , assuming that europe is agreed upon convergence as a goal ... i guess the question is one of whether europe would prefer to have `` wealthy europe '' try to develop `` poorer europe '' or for `` wealthy europe '' to try to absorb `` poorer europe 's '' population . 
  secondly , in terms of eu spending ... while the us has [ targeted poorer areas with large-scale infrastructure spending in the past ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennessee_valley_authority ) , my understanding ( there was a paper i read , do n't have it handy at the moment ) is that the dominant mechanism for us fiscal transfers is via higher federal taxation of higher-income individuals , then using constant spending across the country , whereas the eu tends to have more-fixed taxation and then vary spending via targeted projects . 
  the paper was written by authors in europe , but did n't include any sort of conclusion as to whether one approach was better or not -- just that the two approaches differed . 
   i dont think the eu will let the uk go back to their former position in the eu , they cant be a special case anymore . 
  until they activate article 50 , they have n't left the position . 
  i agree that the eu will not offer any opt-outs if the uk exits and , n years down the road , tries to re-join . 
   the far left is getting more and more power , and they will in time come together to force the eu to accept their demands . 
  hmm . 
  in which countries ? 
  i 've heard people mention podemos in spain many times and there is greece . 
  i know that hollande is unpopular , but i 'd only been hearing about fn as potentially gaining power , not left-wing parties . 
  in which other eu members is there a strong shift to far left ? 
  my understanding is that the uk was one of the more economically-liberal countries , so if the uk exits , after that period of time it should give a bump to the relative power of the left , but i assume that you 're referring to something broader than this ? 
   i 'm not willing to pay for corrupt eastern/southern-european politicians , or for people that retire at the age of 55 while i 'll be working till i die ... well , let me rephrase the statement -- would you be willing to pay for corrupt politicians in europe 's west and north ? 
   or for people that retire at the age of 55 while i 'll be working till i die hmm . 
  what 's the mechanism via which this happens ? 
  i thought that individual states were , in the eu 's current form , financially-responsible for their own pension system . 
  you mean that a disproportionate number of pensioners also benefit from some form of welfare or development funds from the eu ? 
   it could work if we split the eu into 4/5 parts ... countries that have the same interest could work together , countries that have the same mentality/economy could share a fiscal policy . 
  i agree that there are things that would be a lot easier if the economies were similar . 
  what about having blocs and then have a process to produce convergence ? 
  would you prefer , say , to have the west and north pay for more development projects in the east and south but have restrictions on freedom of movement that phase out over time ? 
  the two are not mutually-exclusive -- both are hurt . 
  if the uk does manage to pull out a remain via internal manuvering , markets will adjust back to represent that new reality , just as they adjusted when they were startled by the idea that the uk might actually leave . 
  i mean that the uk actually coming out of the eu does n't seem to improve its stability . 
  hypothetically , if the uk manages to muddle along for a bit and enough people in the uk decide `` leaving would be a really bad decision '' , a newer referendum is held , and it stays in , surely that 's advantageous to the eu ? 
  i mean , i ca n't see how , say , bulgarian euroskeptics would say `` well , i do n't really like the eu ... but since the uk is now definitely out as opposed to merely teetering on the brink , it 's more-appealing to me '' . 
   another law where no one knows what the fuck it actually means . 
  i think that the `` notification '' bit is in line with international agreements that require notification to withdrawal in other treaties . 
  nobody takes offhand comments as notification of a government in other treaties . 
  here 's the un refugee convention 's withdrawal mechanism : https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/1951_refugee_convention  article 44   1 . 
  any contracting state may denounce this convention at any time by a notification addressed to the secretary-general of the united nations . 
  such denunciation shall take effect for the contracting state concerned one year from the date upon which it is received by the secretary-general of the united nations . 
  any state which has made a declaration or notification under article 40 may , at any time thereafter , by a notification to the secretary-general of the united nations , declare that the convention shall cease to extend to such territory one year after the date of receipt of the notification by the secretary-general . 
  here 's article 50 of the lisbon treaty :  1 . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  that does n't seem particularly unusual . 
   that 's one of the problems i have with the eu , every country has it 's own interests ... 
  but you can only deal with the eu and not individual countries . 
  surely you 'd agree that the same is true of people in a city or cities/provinces in a country ? 
  those work . 
   the uk leaving the eu poses an existential threat to the union . 
  i 'd think that the threat comes from euroskeptic political movements in other members , not from whether the uk chooses to leave or not . 
  insofar as there is harm done , it 's in perhaps invigorating those movements ... and they must surely have been aware that there was a substantial euroskeptic faction in the uk for some time , so there 's nothing particularly new there . 
   would n't that be undemocratic ? 
  yes . 
  not necessarily a bad idea , though , if it could be made to work . 
  there are undemocratic ideals , albeit limited ones , enshrined in a number of modern systems , like human rights . 
  i mean , i understand them considering it , but frankly , that 's really probably even worse as a precedent -- let 's say that any agreement that requires formal notification can be triggered by any off-hand comment from an official . 
  you have a rather fragile system at that point . 
  in practice , it would probably make all of the existing treaties that require notification of some sort quite-unstable . 
  you 'd probably have to at least have all * new * treaties just go out and say `` must be explicitly-stated by < designated set of people  , in writing '' , and then go back and add new treaties to change all existing treaties . 
  and it seems like a pretty solid claim that that was not the intent of the people who wrote the documents . 
  greece , spain , and italy suffered from debt problems . 
  those are n't fundamental to either the eu or the euro . 
  how so ? 
  we do n't have federal referendums . 
  hmm . 
  at the least `` will the eu be able to stand strong or will others want to leave too ? '', 
  seems rather disconnected from brexit , since that 's independent . 
  hell , the fact that the uk might not have left seems like it would tend to encourage other members to not leave . 
  given that it 's a non-binding referendum and that any promises made during campaign would be equally non-binding , we 're really all just kind of assigning arbitrary importance . 
  sure , for businesses that might set up shop in the uk -- but that would be the uk 's lookout . 
  if there 's a unsc shakeup , it will probably decrease europe 's influence there -- europe has seen relative decline in that period and controls two seats . 
  democracy is a tool , just like anything else . 
   it 's a union of now 450 million people , and the eu has to protect these people . 
  it 's not clear to me how they are endangered by the uk choosing not to activate article 50 . 
  you guys had parliament remove royal powers . 
  in all fairness , if the eu was spending a dollar on something , it 's be redundant for the uk to double the budget on it . 
  i 'm not sure that that 's the best argument . 
  how much role does gdp play in the eu ? 
  i think that that would probably set a bad precedent . 
  i do n't see strong evidence that the eu is n't viable . 
  i certainly do n't see a plausible objection that any issues could n't be resolved . 
  kinds heavy on appeal to emotion .
