  annexing crimea is not playing by the rules . 
  killing off people on foreign soil with polonium is not playing by the rules . 
  i would support responses to these . 
  if you start clobbering russia because you 're strong enough to do so and they annoy you rather than because they 're breaking the rules , you 're acting on par with annexing crimea . 
  i do n't mean that in some namby-pamby feel-good sense , but you wo n't have the world support you , because they 're worried that they might be next . 
  if propaganda becomes such a dire risk , there could be international treaties banning it in some way . 
  i do n't think that that would be a good idea . 
  i think that free flow of information has been much more advantageous to the west overall anyway . 
  if propaganda is false , exposing and debunking it seems like a more effective tactic . 
  is two days an unreasonable delay ? 
  you know , the uk and france waving their willies at each other is n't going to solve the migrant issue . 
  if someone is rejected by customs in the us , the airline takes them back to the place they flew in from . 
  i assume that 's an international norm . 
  ever tried to make a starving man follow laws ? 
  sarkozy did n't `` let them in '' . 
  pretty sure canada would n't be onboard . 
  unclos article 98 : http://www.un.org/depts/los/convention_agreements/texts/unclos/part7.htm  article 98   duty to render assistance   1 . 
  every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers :   ( a ) to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ;   ( b ) to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ;   ( c ) after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
  every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements cooperate with neighbouring states for this purpose . 
  i could see withdrawing from the refugee convention , which i think has many flaws . 
  but i think that the un convention on the law of the sea is probably something that you agree with . 
  that is , it 's not the `` saving people from death in the water '' bit that 's a problem , but what happens to them once they reach port that creates misincentives . 
   same with military , our military is a parliamentary military , which means that only at times of an attack the power is given to the executive to really act , in all other cases , the parliament is the only branch that can decide about the deploy and scope of any military operation and it is their right to decide if the power in a state of emergency has to be given to the executive . 
  well , there i 'll grant you that the executive branch in the us has eaten into the legislative branch 's authority badly , but that 's not due to executive order , but because the executive has simply proceeded to go to war on many occasions without the legislature being forced to declare war ( a somewhat-politically-dangerous call to make ) . 
  the primary restriction here is that executive orders are directing the executive branch . 
  it does n't let them exceed the executive branch 's authority . 
  for example , obama can put out an executive order telling all us military forces to wear hello kitty logos on the job , since that 's within the scope of his authority : he directs the military . 
  would probably cause a political shitstorm , but he clearly does have that ability . 
  however , he ca n't order all * citizens * to wear hello kitty logos , because that 's not something within the scope of his authority . 
  that 's implying that germany could have taken the path that the us did . 
  just as asylum-status-seekers have the ability to exploit loopholes in the refugee convention , so do countries . 
  the us has the ability to exploit several loopholes in the refugee convention wrt syria , and does so . 
  germany ( and france , for that matter ) does not really have this ability . 
  ** exploiting ability to apply for asylum ** this is the biggie . 
  countries do n't have to accept asylum requests via phone call , and neither the us nor germany are setting up embassies to accept asylum requests in syria . 
  in at least the us , there are numerous legal limitations that complicate getting status if you have n't actually made it into the us ( `` refugee '' status if still external , `` asylum '' once you 're in ) . 
  the refugee convention says that someone may not be punished for illegally entering a country if they have a legitimate asylum claim . 
  it does * not * say that someone facilitating them getting in illegally can not be punished . 
  if , say , a ship comes across the atlantic to the us knowingly trucking illegal immigrants , that ship is probably going to be seized . 
  in europe , mena refugees addressed this by using `` throw-away '' ships -- which is why you hear about all those ships going down . 
  find the cheapest , leakiest , about-to-go-down ships possible , just seaworthy enough to make it across a small bit of the mediterranean , because you wo n't be getting it back . 
  as long as you pack a lot of people on , you can accept loss of a the boat to put people on european shores . 
  and once in europe , it 's not too hard to make it to germany . 
  the odds of a cheap , dubiously-seaworthy , overloaded ship making it across the atlantic , on the other hand , are pretty slim . 
  the uk tries to use the english channel to do the same thing . 
  i 'm suspicious that it 's a lot more porous than the brits seem to think -- people-smuggling in small boats seems like a big risk . 
  but at least they believe that they can vet people there , and it 's obviously a more-meaningful barrier than some coil of razor wire somewhere in a forest . 
  germany enjoys a similar position as regards , say , refugee applications from haiti showing up in germany , but not with africa . 
  ** the refugee convention requires granting freedom of movement and labor to people once granted asylum . 
  however , does not specify how long that asylum evaluation must take . 
  ** the us has built a [ lot of holding space for illegal immigrants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_detention_sites_in_the_united_states ) :  the united states maintains the largest immigration detention infrastructure in the world , which by the end of fiscal year 2007 included 961 sites either directly owned by or under contract with the federal government , according to the freedom of information act office of the ice ( ice ) . 
  during the period 2007-2009 , no less than 363 detention sites were used . 
  the us can control the processing rate and thus build up a backlog as long as it wants to set the barrier arbitrarily-high for wanting to get in . 
  people still in the backlog can be kept in detention . 
  last i looked , the backlog was on the order of five years -- and if someone wants to give up their application , they can be taken back home . 
  if someone is willing to sit in a holding facility ( which is , admittedly , at least safe ) for five years to hear an appeal , they probably * do * actually fear for their life . 
  these are [ not a whole lot of fun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfyzpuihhck ) . 
  this one germany/france/etc * could * do . 
  it 's not cheap , and it would have to pass the political test -- there seems to be aversion to running large prisons . 
  but it 's not impossible . 
  it 's still harder given the relative scale of illegal immigration in germany . 
  ** extraterritorial holding facilities do n't need to permit for asylum applications ** not sure if us law is what 's relevant here or the refugee convention . 
  guantanamo bay is a marvelous construct from a legal standpoint -- it 's controlled by the us federal government , but it 's cuban soil , not us . 
  as a result , someone does n't have the right to apply for asylum in the us from there . 
  ( note that the brits have a similar rationale with raf akrotiri on cyprus not being british soil for asylum purposes . ), 
  in the past , when people have tried getting into the us * en masse * from the carribbean islands , the us coast guard has intercepted 'em and dumps 'em in guantanamo bay naval base . 
  they can stay there or go back home , but they do n't get the direct ability to apply for asylum in the us from there . 
  problem is that germany does n't really have an ability to intercept inbound people and drop 'em at some sort of extraterritorial holding facility . 
  crossing into germany proper is overland , and as far as i know , no eu member has some base in non-eu territory that they want to use to stash people ( doubly so if there 's risk that they might wind up with responsibility for those people permanently ) . 
  germany * could * withdraw from the refugee convention , but it 'd be a higher political barrier than finding some loopholes to work with . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think that the us is taking the right action given its position here . 
  but it 's hard for germany to do something comparable . 
  and i think that the `` germany intentionally set off a flood of illegal immigrants into the eu because merkel said ` come on in ' story really is n't all that accurate '' . 
  it might have exacerbated things slightly , but the migrant flow was already underway . 
  executive orders amount to the president telling the us executive branch what to do within the scope of that branch 's authority . 
  merkel is the head of germany 's executive branch . 
  you 're telling me that if merkel said `` department in the bureaucracy under me , i direct you to do this '' , that they 'd say `` nah , do n't feel like it '' ? 
  because that 's all that an executive order amounts to : it gives the ability for the politician at the head of the us executive branch to hand down orders to the branch of government that he runs . 
  if the us executive branch lacks the authority to act in an area , it does n't grant additional authority . 
  i do n't know whether the chancellor 's powers today are more limited , but i do recall reading about [ hitler issuing directives ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_hitler's_directives ) . 
  these would be comparable : those instruct the federal security service and/or military , both of which are under the command of the executive , to take some action . 
  i 'm assuming that the downvotes are for the latter sentence . 
  germany 's main sin wrt refugees was in being well-to-do and thus a place that given a possibility of legal immigration , a place that the poorer bits of the world wanted to go to . 
  the uk and sweden were also popular destinations . 
  germany was involved in various mechanisms ( working on establishing dublin to eliminate the pull factor , working on redistribution to make it work , retracting dublin when it was n't working , working on the turkey deal to try to cut off the inflow ) , but i did n't see a competing , compelling alternative vision being promoted by other members , sold to other eu members , and being ignored . 
  there were * objections * , sure , but what viable , politically-salable-to-the-whole-of-europe alternative was being provided ? 
  sure , * i * like certain alternatives , like the pacific solution , but i did n't see eu members out promoting a serious plan incorporating that and then being blocked . 
  if you 're referring to us executive orders , they are n't magically outside the law . 
  canada is pretty much plain old capitalism . 
   he said his critics should think about what they would do if faced with 12 `` young , aggressive , swearing and ready-for-violence nazis '' . 
  probably not flick them off . 
  and for that matter , you 're supposed to be a distinguished statesman . 
  even if the typical german would -- which i doubt is the case and do n't see anyone in his entourage doing the same -- you probably should hew to a higher standard . 
  that 's not a very accurate assessment of the republican and democratic parties . 
   the soviets were also keen on uniting europe under its own banner of globalism . 
  unless you 're trying to refer to world communist revolution , i have a hard time seeing how the soviet union could be called globalist . 
  there are parts of south america in the eu . 
  technically it 's only been 26 years since germany in its unified form existed again . 
  i think that blaming the existence of refugees on germany is a bit of a stretch , though .
