  the officer does n't use force against the guy , does n't even arrest him , just walks off , leaving the car burning ? 
  if you walked up to a police car here , smashed in the windows , threw a firebomb into the car , and when the police officer got out started hitting him in the head with something , i strongly suspect that the reaction would be different . 
   the waste treatment workers ' strike is one of several by public sector employees angry at government plans to make hiring and firing easier with a revamp of labor law , which president francois hollande has repeatedly said he will not withdraw . 
  from your link :  we will not be slaves again ... 
  frankly , letting businesses fire people is not what i would call slavery . 
  the [ average of recent polls ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/opinion-polls/poll-of-polls/ ) remains at a 1 % lead for remain . 
  realistically , if france were hell-bent on this , she could block wikipedia from most of her citizens ( yeah , there 'd be some vpn users , but ... ) . 
  that would probably more-or-less kill the french-language wikipedia , since you 'd just have the francophones outside of france using it . 
  still , it 'd be a mess . 
   but i think the internet overall should be a free speech zone , where privacy comes second . 
  i do n't know what would be * best * , necessarily , but i can say that the eu 's model is going to be vastly harder to enforce , even if all countries in the world chose to adopt the same law . 
  a few years back , the us used to have restrictions on export of encryption software . 
  it just meant that everyone put said software on servers that were n't in the us and kept going on their way . 
  and copyright-infringing content is all over , even though it 's legal nowhere . 
   if brits ca n't name their mps i ca n't name * my * current representatives , though i could have given you some in the past . 
  why is knowing the name important ? 
  after the campaign , it 's just an arbitrary name with someone who has the job of representing you . 
  i 'm in an armchair too , and not complaining about that ... people have some sort of justification for their views . 
  i just have a hard time seeing it . 
  yeah , i agree that policies were sold in a misleading way . 
  it 's just that i just do n't see germany benefiting in some sort of zero-sum way . 
   is it a coincidence this comes out so close to the brexit vote ? 
  you mean `` russian president vladimir putin is trying to ` divide and conquer ' the eu by supporting rightwing populist politicians across the bloc '' ? 
  [ * the guardian * : we should beware russia 's links with europe 's right ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/dec/08/russia-europe-right-putin-front-national-eu ) . 
  that was in december 2014 and i do n't know how much further before that it was running . 
  this has been an ongoing affair . 
   stronger currency means higher export prices . 
  agreed . 
   higher export prices mean people start to look elsewhere . 
  agreed -- that 's what maintains a [ balance of trade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balance_of_trade ) in the long term . 
   germany is an import/export economy , it needs it 's exports to be competitive . 
  i am guessing that you are employed in one way or another -- you go to work . 
  that means that you need to provide work to be competitive . 
  let 's say that i give you # 50m . 
  are you going to keep on working ? 
  i suspect not -- the time that you were trading to your employer just rose in value a great deal . 
  are you unhappy about it ? 
  i suspect not -- i think that most people would very happily take that deal . 
  so you 're going to go live off your # 50m , and there are no problems unless it turns out that you run out of that stored buying power and ca n't buy food or housing whatever else you want -- you spend it all . 
  that restores the balance of trade between you and the world , and you go back to work , because you need money . 
  if germans wo n't work to produce export goods at a viable rate , it 's only because they now consider their time so valuable that it 's not worth it to them to do so ... which creates a trade imbalance the other way , and if that runs for too long , they 're back to their time being less valuable again . 
   perfect example of this is uk . 
  strongest currency in the world . 
  yet our steel industry has disappeared , our car industry in tatters , manufacturing industries non existent . 
  it 's too expensive to buy our shit , so no one does . 
  the us saw the same transition ( in fact , i bet that our drop in car industry dwarfed yours ) -- but that 's not something that you 'd expect to be a negative . 
  oh , people in the society can lose out individually -- a line worker at gm or the ceo of ford might not be happy -- but the society overall winds up better off . 
  non-industrialized nations industrialized and started producing steel and cars . 
  that means that everyone else in the country now can get steel and cars more-cheaply than would otherwise have been the case . 
  people who were laid off wind up being reshuffled to new industries . 
  that trade is a [ net benefit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) . 
  you might argue that you liked the * previous * distribution of wealth in society ( e.g. 
  maybe a factory worker is now worse-off ) , but you can always redistribute within society however you want via taxation -- that 's kind of a different problem . 
  there are certain issues associated with attaching suffrage to test-taking : there 's always an incentive for incumbents to load the test to promote their own views . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/literacy_test#voting  between the 1890s to the 1960s , many state governments in the southern united states administered literacy tests to prospective voters purportedly to test their literacy in order to vote . 
  in practice , these tests were intended to disenfranchise racial minorities . 
  southern state legislatures employed literacy tests as part of the voter registration process starting in the late 19th century . 
  literacy tests , along with poll taxes and extra-legal intimidation , [ 4 ] were used to deny suffrage to african americans . 
   spain , italy , portugal , greece . 
  if these economies recover and the euro gets stronger it will negatively affect german exports . 
  do you think germany will let that happen ? 
  yes . 
  what a currency becoming stronger means is that everyone in the currency area becomes wealthier in buying power relative to the rest of the world . 
  wages rise in terms of how many iphones or manga books or cans of columbian coffee beans one can buy . 
  people do n't work just so that they can export something ( unless you have some sort of deep and profound love of just making things and shipping them places ) . 
  they work so that they can get something in turn . 
  the euro strengthening would reduce german exports because germans ( and other eurozone members ) would be paid more in real terms , and so would be more expensive relative to the rest of the world . 
  you can always have workers work at lower rates if they * want * to do so -- just go out and work for less money , and more people out there in the world will be willing to buy your now-cheaper product . 
  that 's all a currency strengthening or weakening is doing . 
   germany has made money by keeping greece down . 
  and those other three mentioned plus ireland . 
  how has it been advantageous for germany to have greece ( or portugal , or italy , or ireland , or spain ) in a poor economic state ? 
  germans do n't wind up gaining something because greece has a dysfunctional economy . 
  france and finland and germany might not want to simply forgive all loans , in that doing so would greatly encourage other eu members to default on loans , but those economies operating below capacity is only interfering with german trade . 
   uk is n't in the euro . 
  we only have benefits when it comes to european markets . 
  we negotiate all outside trade by ourselves with our own currency , which is why an eu exit wo n't hit our economy nearly as much as they say it will ( thats not an endorsement to leave btw ) . 
  i agree that it would be easier for the uk to leave the eu while not on the euro . 
  however : * i do n't agree that trying to produce a persistent trade surplus is advantageous to any eu member , including germany . 
  * i do n't think that germany benefits from greece or similar countries being in economic trouble -- if germany had a button to retroactively cause greece to have not taken out loans to the extent of having a depression , i certainly would expect germany to push it . 
   and then act as angels after they rigged the system to something that advantages them and put southern europe in a disadvantage are you talking about the eurozone and having a fixed currency while forcing down german wages with some sort of idea of intentionally producing a trade imbalance ? 
  the thing that 's been in the news a lot ? 
  that could produce a lot of german exports , but [ trying to maintain a persistent trade imbalance would n't be advantageous to germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercantilism#criticisms ) , though it might be disadvantageous to southern europe ( as well as to germany ) . 
  and wages will still adjust ( even if it 's via companies laying off people and hiring them at lower wages because the currencies do n't float ) . 
   i think embassies are an extremely bad way to measure influence as are nuclear weapons . 
  pakistan and probably somewhen north korea as well have a bigger arsenal and yet you cant really use them constructively for politics . 
  in the best case they prevent people from attacking you , but there is not a real necessity for gb to have them . 
  i 'll grant that in many ways , nuclear weapons are probably over-valued . 
  i think that embassies probably do mirror international relations , though -- i mean , sure , you could have a lot of embassies that do nothing , but presumably countries are budgeting for these because they are getting something from them . 
   brexit all right , let me be blunt -- a couple times in your comment , you 've mentioned `` brexit '' , the fact that the uk talks about leaving , and related stuff . 
  i think that perhaps the politics of the brexit debate may be leaking in ? 
  i 'm not advocating for a `` britain will do better outside of the eu '' position -- in fact , i personally rather suspect that a brexit will hurt both the eu and the uk significantly -- but you seem to be focusing on the role in the eu , and so forth ... and while that 's certainly a valid debate , the brexit discussion seems to me to be really disconnected from whether-or-not the uk meets the criteria to be a `` great power '' . 
   in the case of a new scottish referendum that could happen if there should be a brexit they would `` lose '' that capabillity btw , because their only harbor for the relevant boats is in scotland . 
  you mean that the uk would need submarine bases ? 
  i assume that the uk could keep a submarine base elsewhere in the uk ( though obviously a loss of tax revenue would be disadvantageous to the uk in general . ), 
  but , again , i 'm just talking about uk-as-it-is , not as it might be if scotland left or ireland joined or another hypothetical . 
   however , i think economy and the seat in the unsc are legitimate ressources of power , but they are only a tool and the gb that i have seen in the last 20 years has shown no will or vision to use them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_sanctions_unit  financial sanctions have established under a multitude of regimes , from un security council committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 ( 1999 ) concerning al-qaida and the taliban and associated individuals and entities , to ec commission regulations , to uk government orders enforcing trade restrictions against activities in particular countries . 
  often these authorities overlap so that the same candidates for sanctions are listed from different sources . 
    aside from the al-qaida and the taliban regimes , there are sanctions regimes against persons associated with belarus , burma , democratic republic of the congo , the former yugoslavia , iraq , ivory coast , lebanon , syria , liberia , sudan and zimbabwe .
