    technical modernisation has been one of russia 's obsessions for centuries . 
  at this year 's st petersburg economic forum , herman gref , the chairman of sberbank , russia 's largest state bank , asked a short and simple question : `` can russia compete ? '' the answer supplied by an american participant , loren graham , a historian of science at the massachusetts institute of technology , was somewhat longer . 
    there was a difference between invention and innovation , he said . 
  russian scientists and engineers invented the laser , electric light and hydraulic fracking , yet time and again the country failed to reap any economic benefit from its scientific brilliance . 
  the reason , mr graham explained , was not a lack of business talent but the adverse social , political and economic environment . 
  russia 's authorities build expensive innovation cities , `` but at the same time they prohibit demonstrations , suppress political opponents and independent businessmen , twist the legal system and create a regressive , authoritarian regime ... they want the milk without the cow . ''   none of this was particularly new to mr gref . 
  in 2000 the liberal economist , then aged 36 , was picked by mr putin to draft a ten-year economic programme and lead reforms . 
  `` the centrepiece of the new social contract is the primacy of the citizen over the state , '' mr gref wrote at the time . 
  `` the country has a unique chance provided by political stability , appetite for reform and rising oil prices to renew itself . 
  unless that chance is used , economic regression is inevitable , threatening not only social stability but the existence of russia as a state . '' mr putin signed off on mr gref 's plan and hired andrei illarionov , a determinedly libertarian economist , as his adviser . 
    during the first eight years of mr putin 's reign the economy grew by an impressive average of 7 % , kickstarted by a 70 % rouble devaluation in 1998 . 
  as state finances and economic rules became more stable , the market reforms of the 1990s began to have an impact . 
  from the mid-2000s soaring oil prices stimulated further growth , mainly in the services and construction sectors , but also fuelled imports , and the economy started to overheat . 
  when the financial crisis hit in 2008 , the russian economy crashed , contracting by 10 % from the peak of 2008 to the trough of 2009 . 
    the subsequent recovery was driven by higher government spending that propped up consumption . 
  between 2010 and 2014 the economy grew by only 3 % a year , even though revenues from oil exports were 70 % higher than during the oil boom of 2004-08 . 
  russia used its abundance of natural resources to create a corporatist state that suppressed competition . 
  between 2005 and 2015 the share of the state in the economy doubled , from 35 % to 70 % . 
    now the economy is in recession . 
  last year gdp shrank by 3.7 % and real disposable income fell by 10 % . 
  investment in fixed assets declined by 37 % over the past four years , with the steepest fall coming after russia 's attack on ukraine in 2014 . 
    the people running the economy are competent , well-educated technocrats ( such as the head of the central bank , elvira nabiulina ) . 
  but there are limits to what they can achieve . 
  a depreciation of the rouble against the dollar of almost 50 % since the start of 2014 has failed to rekindle economic growth , partly because russian producers in the past preferred to import parts and materials rather than invest in domestic capacity . 
  those intermediate imports have now become unaffordable . 
    the slump in the oil price and western sanctions have exacerbated the problems , but they did not cause them . 
  growth started to slow down in 2012 and 2013 when the oil price was still high and before the invasion of ukraine . 
  the root causes are that russia 's market is not free , and the rules are opaque and enforced inconsistently . 
  as an upper-middle-income country , it can develop only if its economy is integrated with the rest of the world . 
  its confrontations with the west and the activities of its security services make it an unenticing target for investment . 
  `` the investment climate matters in an open market economy . 
  a state economy does not need an investment climate ; it needs security services , '' jokes sergei belyakov , a former deputy economics minister . 
  russian businessmen have stopped investing in their own country mainly because they see no future . 
    property and power   when the soviet union collapsed , many people hoped that once liberated from communist ideology and enjoying a free market , russia would be able to make good use of its immense natural and intellectual resources . 
  yegor gaidar , the architect of the russian reforms , was among the few who realised that the market alone could not solve russia 's fundamental problem : the close nexus between political power and property . 
  in an article published two years before he took charge of the economy , he wrote : `` a market [ by itself ] does not answer the key question of who is supposed to benefit from the results of economic production ; it can serve different social structures . 
  everything depends on the distribution of property and political power . '' yet although the 1991 revolution overturned the political and economic system and led to the sale of state assets , it did not sufficiently separate political power and property . 
    part of the problem was the type of economy modern russia had inherited from the soviet days . 
  stalin 's crash industrialisation and urbanisation was designed to create a militarised autarky with a total disregard for cost , financial or human . 
  factories were built in cold and inaccessible places , using forced labour . 
  the output of those factories was often worth less than the input in energy and materials . 
  after stalin 's death they were kept going by oil and gas money . 
  the factory managers , known as `` red directors '' , travelled to moscow to haggle with the relevant ministries for resources . 
  they employed millions of people and had enormous lobbying power . 
  when the soviet union collapsed , the only way to keep them quiet was to sell them their factories , which meant that much of industry remained in the hands of the old elite . 
  mr gaidar reckoned that this was a price worth paying to prevent civil conflict . 
    yet many of these companies could survive only if their energy and transport costs were subsidised . 
  for example , yukos , once russia 's largest oil firm , was forced to sell 70 % of its oil in the domestic market , yet since its buyers could not afford to pay an open-market price , they accumulated huge debts that in the end had to be written off , says mikhail khodorkovsky , the company 's former owner . 
    but whereas gaidar 's government in 1992 had to act urgently to stop the country from falling apart , mr putin had no such excuse . 
  when he first took over , oil prices were rising and there was broad political support for reforms . 
  however , according to clifford gaddy and barry ickes , two american economists , mr putin did not merely fail to dismantle the soviet structure ; he used russia 's windfalls to reinforce it in order to preserve social stability and votes . 
    it was always unrealistic to think that after the fall of the soviet union russia would be able to build institutions overnight . 
  russia had been subjected to totalitarian rule for so long that it had no memory of life before it . 
  douglass north , a nobel prizewinning economist , and co-authors have written that in russia , as in many other countries , access to valuable rights , economic activities and resources is determined by privilege enforced by the political and military elites . 
  this system , which he calls a `` limited-access order '' , relies on the ability of the elites to control rents , be it from land , raw materials or jobs for cronies . 
  its main objective is to preserve stability and prevent uncontrolled violence by giving those elites access to streams of rent . 
  but that state monopoly on rent and violence collapsed with the soviet union . 
  [ continued in child ], 
  i think that the eu budgetary vote should also be a majority vote . 
   and , for many , the admiral kuznetsov 's passage to the eastern mediterranean only seems to confirm the view that , for all president putin 's bravado , today 's russian military is no match for its soviet forebears . 
  [ however , an improvement since imperial days , when transiting the channel did n't always go so smoothly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dogger_bank_incident ) . 
  it 's not a matter of being selfish , but a matter of trusting someone else enough to delegate the authority . 
  i 'd say that if we were , us territory would have increased rather than decreased post-world-war-ii . 
  silk stream . 
  i dunno , i think the merits of having data to work with are pretty substantial and the effects on the pollee of having a particular poll include a question are pretty minimal . 
  i suppose that you could also make the answer optional and then weight based on those who do respond and known population proportions . 
  the few times i can remember that data being requested in the us , it was always explicit that it was optional ( taking a standardized academic test , i believe it was requested , and when recording medical data for hospitals ) . 
  in the us , it 's also been self-reported , and what someone considers themselves if descended from families from different backgrounds is kinda a complex identity question . 
  to be honest , it 'd probably be preferable to have something more qualitative , like a dna-based metric or something . 
  that paper 's talking with absolute poverty . 
  i 'm assuming that you want `` relative poverty '' , a measurement of inequality rather than a low absolute standard of living ? 
  because the us does not have issues with absolute poverty by any normally-drawn line . 
   and there is no any reason , why would n't do it , if you could . 
  that 's why i mentioned the second strike capability bit -- even if someone launches , they get hit back . 
  yup . 
  if that what y' all rooskies are saying , you 're in the right . 
  [ the global health effects of nuclear war ] ( http://www.bmartin.cc/pubs/82cab/ ) :  while a full-scale nuclear war would devastate some parts of the earth , particularly in the northern hemisphere , present evidence indicates that ` nuclear war poses no threat to the survival of the human species ' . 
  not gon na happen , though . 
  return is n't worth it . 
  problem with nuclear weapons is that you got ta make the other guy think that you 're irrational to make a really convincing threat of first use if the other side has second strike capability , got ta act like you 're an aggressive nut . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_theory  the madman theory was a feature of richard nixon 's foreign policy . 
  he and his administration tried to make the leaders of hostile communist bloc nations think nixon was irrational and volatile . 
  according to the theory , those leaders would then avoid provoking the united states , fearing an unpredictable american response . 
    nixon 's chief of staff , h. r. haldeman , wrote that nixon had confided to him :    i call it the madman theory , bob . 
  i want the north vietnamese to believe i 've reached the point where i might do anything to stop the war . 
  we 'll just slip the word to them that , `` for god 's sake , you know nixon is obsessed about communism . 
  we ca n't restrain him when he 's angry -- and he has his hand on the nuclear button '' and ho chi minh himself will be in paris in two days begging for peace . 
  [ 1 ] not sure how actually convincing nixon was . 
  i do n't quite understand what you 're saying ... you 're talking about adversarial versus inquistorial systems ? 
  cool !, 
   to some extent , isds practice resembles us systems more than eu systems . 
  hmm . 
  in what way ? 
   the usa is seen as the land of the sue-happy lawyers . 
  well , yeah , but that 's a function of our legal system . 
  i understand that much of europe [ has a weaker form of the class-action lawsuit ] ( http://www.cpradr.org/about/newsandarticles/tabid/265/id/593/international-practice-overviewcomparison-of-us-eu-judicial-class-action-structures-web.aspx ) , and apparently [ civil law countries do n't have punitive damages ] ( http://digitalcommons.law.ggu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1151&amp;context=annlsurvey ) . 
  i mean , you 're not importing the us legal system . 
   us corporations generally are bigger , too . 
  true enough . 
  i do n't know if i 'd go that far -- i doubt very much that china would be interested in telling russia to leave ukraine , but i 'd say that china is more likely to be concerned about poor relations with the us or the eu than with russia .
