  i do not think that there are good policy answers yet . 
  further , i would encourage that any policies enacted at the level of the european single market . 
  because the eu is a single market , if one member enacts one sort of protection ( e.g. 
  subsidizing auto factories that make heavy use of manual labor ) , and another does not , this creates a wildly-uneven playing field . 
  i would also point out that while this is a concern , at the moment , my understanding is that youth unemployment is much higher in many members , and may take precedence . 
   rights holders are entitled to a fair share of the proceeds from the digital use of their intangible assets . 
  these rights must be balanced with non-commercial use interests . 
  too vague . 
  what is `` fair '' ? 
  who , in the absence of this text , would have advocated for an `` unfair share '' to be allocated ? 
  where is this balance to be struck ? 
  who strikes it ? 
  i mean , great , nice-sounding principle , but are you granting authority to the eu to make this call on balance , shifting authority from member states ? 
  if not , it 's not clear to me what the function of this item is -- it does n't seem to have any actual function . 
   ( 1 ) the interpretation of the rights contained in this charter is ultimately the responsibility of the european court of justice . 
  ah , see , i should have read this first -- should have been up front , since it 's critical to understanding the purpose of the document . 
  okay , so the point of this document is basically , `` we want to move member state authority on many things to the eu level '' . 
  i agree with some of the moves to the eu authority level . 
  i think that it is extremely dubious that the ecj is the appropriate body for this , though it * might * be the right body to make calls about legislation written to implement some of these goals . 
  why the ecj and not the ep , say ? 
  i mean , these are so vague that there must be masses and masses of concrete rules made , and the ecj 's goal is to clarify legislation , not to write it , yes ? 
  [ continued from parent ]  public sector information must be accessible to the public . 
  does n't seem specific to digital concerns . 
  europe already has [ freedom of information laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_information_laws_by_country#europe ) . 
  no reason to tie additional items into this . 
  if there are more guarantees required , amend that . 
   ( 2 ) the transparency requirement also applies to private individuals , provided that they have information which is of decisive importance for the realization of the freedom of the person concerned . 
  i do n't understand what the cases that this is trying to deal with are . 
   everyone has the right to live freely and unobserved in his home . 
  okay , that 's an interesting guarantee , and i think that the idea of guaranteeing privacy rights in the home is something that has some real viability . 
  since this is a digital rights issue , to what extent does this cover activity that sends data outside the home ? 
  is web-browsing activity from my home something that may not be observed ? 
  by what parties ? 
  that could be a pretty substantial restriction . 
  [ amazon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amazon_echo ) and [ microsoft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kinect ) sell products with always-on cameras and microphones . 
  is this a ban on this and products in this class ? 
   ( 1 ) everyone has the right to the protection of his data and respect for his privacy . 
  `` protection of his data '' to what degree ? 
  if you ca n't decide here , maybe create a mechanism to decide on those specifics ? 
  this seems way beyond a fine detail that should be left up to a court . 
  specifically what does `` respect for his privacy '' mean ? 
  can companies sell personal information that they gather ? 
  how about customer lists ? 
  what happens when they are acquired ? 
  afaik , `` privacy '' is not a legally well-defined concept in the eu -- if this were simply elevating a well-defined legal principle to the status of a right , that 'd be one thing , but it seems to me that if you 're providing a right , you got ta give enough concrete material to let someone have a good guess at what it actually means in terms of restrictions . 
   personal data may be collected and processed only in good faith what would it mean to process data in bad faith ? 
  like , i say `` i need this data for purpose x '' but then use it for another purpose as well ? 
  you might just wind up with huge eulas that everyone forgets about . 
  how about mandating that companies register the list of things they plan to do with processing with the eu , so that there 's a permanent on-record file , and if there 's some lawsuit later , people can refer back to it ? 
  right now , you get a hundred pages of legalese and an `` accept '' button that everyone clicks which probably says what that data is going to be used for . 
   compliance with these rights is monitored by an independent body . 
  sounds good . 
   providers of services or products may collect and process only those data which are necessary for the purpose of the use . 
  ehhh ... i think that you wind up with companies coming up with trivial justifications , like `` to assess customer actions on our website to improve user experience in the future '' and then just go and log everything . 
   the integrity , confidentiality and integrity of information technology systems shall be ensured . 
  [ integrity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data_integrity ) has a technical meaning as regards data storage . 
  not sure that 's what 's meant here . 
   everyone has the right to encrypt their data . 
  okay , that 's a meaningful right . 
  next question : can they be compelled to decrypt it or hand over keys or have keys stored in escrow or similar , as some eu members do ? 
   ( 1 ) everyone has a right to the security of information technology systems and the data processed by them . 
  the highest possible protection is to be ensured . 
  this sounds like the [ best available technology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/best_available_technology ) guarantee in the us , which i 've never been happy with , since taken literally it creates a legal obligation to essentially spend unlimited amounts of money . 
  if a vendor comes out with a new form of protection that is better in some way but costs millions of dollars , you theoretically are legally-obligated to purchase it . 
  i appreciate that protection of data needs to be improved , and that that is a real area in which digital legislation could help . 
  i do not think that this is the way to do it . 
  in the us , the best example i know of of legislation that provides data protection standards is [ hipaa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_insurance_portability_and_accountability_act ) . 
  that might be too-restrictive , but i think that realistically , the question of data protection -- at least on certain types of data -- deserves its own legislation and should be more-concrete , and start from something like that . 
   identity theft and identity falsification must be combated . 
  i think that this is probably already a goal that is legislated against in all eu members . 
  if something needs to change here -- unification of standards or penalties or more to be done -- then maybe it 's best to be specific about that . 
   the right to vote and vote must not be restricted to access to digital media . 
  i assume that this is to avoid vote fraud with electronic voting , to guarantee a non-electronic vote as an available option ? 
  i do n't think that this achieves the goal . 
  sure , i can guarantee that * my * vote is legit -- but if there 's fraud elsewhere , the legitimacy of my vote is irrelevant . 
   everyone has the right to free , equal and anonymous access to communications services without having to renounce basic rights . 
  the internet is part of the basic supply . 
  wo n't be equal unless you block people from purchasing more bandwidth or guarantee that everyone have the largest-possible amount . 
   everyone has the right to a non-personalized use of digital offers . 
  i do n't know what this means . 
   network neutrality is to be ensured . 
  this also applies to services that provide access to the digital sphere . 
  `` network neutrality '' means a large range of things . 
  some companies , like google , treat it as a `` telco providers may not use their [ natural monopoly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_monopoly ) to extract money from electronic services providers '' . 
  other people want it to ban throttled data access . 
  other people want to ban bundling of electronic services with telco services . 
  others want it ( i * especially * disagree with this crowd ) to prevent selling either tiered access or using quality-of-service systems to priorities critical traffic . 
  if you 're going to make a broad guarantee like this , probably want an eu definition of what network neutrality actually is . 
   in the digital world , pluralism and cultural diversity must be ensured . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't really think that this is specific to the digital world , even if that 's created more international interaction . 
   market abuse is to be prevented effectively . 
  same -- not specific to the digital world . 
  anticompetitive institutions already exist . 
   everyone has the right to a digital new beginning . 
  this right finds its limits in the legitimate information interests of the public . 
  this is an interesting guarantee . 
  it 's one of the first really * new * guarantees that i see europe providing . 
  i am not familiar with the legal history here , though i always wondered how it dealt with backups ( of , say , old websites with their databases ) , and whether the obligation was simply to take down things upon demand . 
  i think that it may be very difficult to , in practice , enforce this .
