  i 'd say that such a release would create political chaos in the uk , but i think that that has already been pretty thoroughly-achieved without the press release . 
  you know ... finance has the job of allocating resources in society . 
  a parasite is something that harms its host to its own benefit . 
  whether or not the finance system of today does a good job of allocating resources , i 'd say that it probably does a better job than anything else we 've yet come up with . 
  i 'd be interested in anyone familiar with spanish politics explaining their take on the likely implications of the results . 
   they used to have a lot of inflation , and every once in a while just remove a couple of zeros and start over well , that does n't actually do anything -- i mean , renaming the currency does n't have an effect , other than making it more-convenient to write down numbers . 
  defaulting on debt does have an effect , but ... like i said , that does n't seem to be a very realistic way to get subsidies from bond investors , because bond investors will , in the long run , demand more if a bond is risky . 
   the thing is the country used to be cheap for holidays and export , now that 's gone do you know why that 's the case ? 
  that seems strange to me . 
  you mean that there 's some sort of eu-imposed minimum wage or other policy that would keep people from working cheaply and force unemployment ? 
   and they 're just not as productive as their northern competitors i do n't totally understand productivity 's effects well , but as i do understand them , it 's not quite as if this is all due to some inherent property of the worker . 
  for example , a waiter in switzerland would be better-paid than a waiter in portugal , thanks to a limited labor market ... but that does n't mean that the portugese waiter could n't do the swiss waiter 's job , given a market that linked up all of the labor and needs involved . 
   them not having the saving culture of the north started borrowing shitloads of money , but their economy/culture was still the same so they overspend trying to win votes , being able to retire at 55 etc. . . and now the north has to pay for it . 
  well , as i understand it , the north effectively gave subsidized loans to greece as a sort of way to encourage development ( and capture some of the benefits of that development for itself -- not a crazy idea , since we * do * see growth in poorer countries being easier than in a wealthier countries ) . 
  in theory , that 's a win-win deal . 
  in practice , the money was n't effectively producing that development -- it was simply poorly-lent . 
  but that does n't seem to me to be a fundamental limitation . 
  i mean , i do n't believe that it is inherently the case that any person of greek descent can not save money . 
  maybe different safeguards are required , or maybe countries miscomputed the benefit to themselves , but i do n't think that it 's impossible to issue loans that do n't go bad . 
    well ... limiting freedom of movement would have two benefits -- it may make the nationalists more-content , and it would avoid the depopulation of poorer eu countries . 
    yeah that would be great , but our politicians are n't capable of figuring that out . 
  the main concern i see is that freedom of labor places a huge bottom on how much convergence must happen . 
  it 's convergence of * peoples * rather than of countries , but any time wages in romania sufficiently differ from wages in germany , people will move . 
  countries ca n't really do much to block this . 
  if there was a move towards simply trying to develop poorer countries in place , the obvious concern i would have would be that the effective transfers would be much smaller , and that countries would be unwilling to shift the kind of money that they would if labor could move . 
  in some ways , if you want to build a unified union , movement of peoples also seems like it might be advantageous -- family ties now link all over the union , there 's more familiarity with cultures in countries around the union , etc. 
  limiting freedom of movement and labor , even if only for a short time , would seem to also limit that process . 
  but , certainly it might make things more-palatable for people who are gravely upset with the rate of change . 
   yeah , we should have made it a 30-100 year project and go slowly well ... if you count the 1952 european coal and steel community , it 's up to 64 years now , and i think that in the eyes of many people , the process is not complete . 
  could go slower than that , of course -- just saying that the process of integrating european countries has been running for quite a while now . 
   we have many projects , but most fail and just fill the pockets of corrupt politicians in the east and south ... 
  especially in the east it 's bad ... 
  there are a shitload of beautiful parks , without people , roads leading nowhere and roads ending before reaching their intended destination because they ran out of money . 
  a few thoughts : * i 've heard some people on here saying that eu projects are known for being less-corrupt than other projects , because they get oversight from brussels . 
  * i 'm not sure that the issue with empty parks or inefficient roads amounts to corruption ( not that there is n't corruption involved ) , but rather mis-incentives . 
  if i say `` i will give you $ 5b ... but * only * if you spend it in the next two years on roads '' , then you have less incentive to spend the money carefully than if it were your own money . 
   being able to retire at 55 looking at [ this list of retirement ages ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/retirement-age-men ) , it looks like the retiremment ages for southern europe ( e.g. 
  greece , italy , portugal , and spain ) are actually slightly higher than that of the eu average -- 67 , 66.3 , 66.0 , and 65.25 compared against 64.63 . 
  granted , you may be measuring something else , like `` when do people actually effectively stop working '' or retirement for workers in a particular field ( e.g. 
  public officials or something ) . 
   please tell me how the citizens of france and germany are likely to feel having to bail out those countries again ? 
  i do n't think that they would like to have to bail out those countries again . 
  and , no , i do n't think that things in the eu have been just perfect . 
  but ... when i look at objections to the eu , the problems do n't seem to me to be fundamental , things that are inextricably-bound up with the eu . 
  fundamental objections to the eu would look something like this : * highly-populous organizations can not work well , and the eu will entail this . 
  * it is undesirable to blend language and culture across europe , and the eu will tend to do this . 
  * it is desirable to have many isolated countries to help limit the spread of political disasters , to have many small failures rather than occasional huge disasters . 
  * the eu , at least insofar as it is entails the restrictions involved in a customs union , inhibits trade agreements between other , preferable trading blocs -- e.g. 
  italy with north africa , russia with poland , the uk with the us , etc. 
  whether-or-not those are legitimate grievances ( i mean , i do n't think that they are ) , they are * fundamental * . 
  if you have an eu , you are going to run into those problems . 
  you ca n't really fix them via a policy change . 
  but the issues people seem to me to have with the eu look more like this : * i 'm worried about my wages falling due to migration within the eu . 
  * i 'm worried about people from outside of the eu coming in and changing my culture/attacking me/my wages falling . 
  * the eu has inefficient processes or too-geographically-disparate centers of administration . 
  * the eu ( well , the eurozone ) has lost money to corrupt governments . 
  * the eu makes excessive use of vetoes rather than majority votes , and is thus often deadlocked . 
  * the eu makes use of an agricultural policy that encourages inefficient farming . 
  * the eu extends special treatment to some members . 
  * the eurozone makes it more-disruptive for trade imbalances to be addressed . 
  none of these seem to me to be fundamental issues with the eu . 
  and , to the extent that all eu members would benefit from an eu that would function better , package deals of reform are possible ( even if any * one * reform would be vetoed by a member that it disadvantages ) -- e.g. 
  the uk gives up its special rebate powers and agrees to subsidize the job retraining of french farmers over a limited time and france gives up its agricultural transfers . 
  usually , when i 've raised the above point to people who really oppose the eu on here , the only real objection has come in the form of something along the lines of `` the eu is so broken that it 's better to just burn it down and start over '' . 
  even if that 's an honest answer from someone who * does * want a large organization ( and i 'd expect that a fair chunk of people responding are simply more-interested in encouraging an eu breakup ) , i have a hard time seeing how it makes much sense to throw out decades of work that have harmonized markets , lowered borders , spread a de-facto common language , moved almost all violent conflict to the diplomatic realm , made laws compatible , and so forth . 
  any replacement for the eu would seem to need to do the same work . 
   but broadly said the eu has to be much less economicly liberal and much more socialist , and said the european left has to unite to force brussels to be more socialist . 
  hmm . 
  so that 's basically what i 'd expect . 
   this weekend of the spanish far left leader ( podemos ) was clear about how the ue is not serving its socialist ideals , and if it doesnt change it must end do you think that that 's a serious position , or simply taking advantage of the fact that people are concerned about the eu and the eu might pay more attention if threats are being issued ? 
  i do n't know what policies brussels has mandated , but i do n't understand how the spanish left winds up better-off outside an eu . 
  they want wealth redistribution ... but their position for redistributing wealth is much better if they 're in a union with a larger chunk of that wealth . 
  you are probably more familiar than i am with things that podemos objects to , but ... okay , so i 'm assuming that they do n't like the deficit cap . 
  eliminating that might provide a short-term boost to spending . 
  but ... in the long run , eliminating the deficit cap is n't gon na help , since it just means that the markets will limit what the country has access to in terms of debt . 
  they might not like ttip ( though i 'd think that trade with the us would have vastly less-impact on low-wage workers than would free trade agreements with some of the much-poorer-than-the-eu countries that the eu has established ftas with ) . 
  if i were representing low-paid workers and planning to leverage limited access that high-pay workers have to low-pay workers and trying to better their lot relative to highly-paid workers , i 'd want to maximize trade with countries that have higher pay and minimize that with lower pay . 
  as far as i know , the eu imposes few policy restrictions on member countries in terms of preventing labor laws or other things that the left might want . 
  i guess that freedom-of-movement and - of-labor means that spanish workers could simply head to another eu country in which labor laws are weaker , and maybe the left views that as damaging a voting bloc that it needs ... but given spain 's unemployment numbers , it seems that there is terrific resistance to this . 
  none of those seem to me to argue for the spanish left benefiting by leaving the eu . 
  where does the benefit come from ? 
  i mean , if spain withdraws from the eu , how does the spanish worker come out ahead ? 
   they said the same about the brexit : / well ... yeah . 
  i do think that the statement is still true , even if it was n't as large as was expected . 
  that is , if the uk leaves and stays outside for , say , 20 years , there will probably be inertia against rejoining . 
  i wonder what would happen if there were a uk-wide referendum ( assuming that it could be arranged in advance ) offering two choices : * the uk remains in the eu * the uk leaves the eu , and scotland receives independence my guess is that the majority may well favor the former , if it 's clear that those are the two options ( which appears to be the case ) -- and i assume that scotland has the support required necessary to `` pre-authorize '' such a move of independence . 
   portugal , spain and greece . 
  ah , okay -- i had n't seen people submitting stories about portugal 's political situation here , thanks . 
   the 3 far left parties have meetings together to make their positions the same , the far left is already in power in both greece and portugal , by direct power and coalitions , and spain elections today will give far more power to the far left party . 
  my understanding was that the left in the eu was not generally anti-eu -- rather , that it is dominant in poorer countries in the eu , and would like to see more wealth redistribution across the eu . 
  so , it might oppose some current policies of the eu . 
  i would assume that the left would oppose trade agreements with poorer countries , and oppose external immigration to the eu . 
  but , surely breaking up the eu would be disadvantageous to the left 's goals ? 
   the eu can not seem weak now . 
  well ... i imagine that playing hardball with the uk would make the eu look tougher in a do n't - cross-brussels sense , but ... well , the eu was pretty tough with greece . 
  that did n't seem to strengthen the eu -- in fact , that was a major thing that people seem to cite on here as an objection to the eu . 
  i mean , the eu is the status quo , and unless it 's really upsetting people over something , i would expect that there 'd be a tendency towards remaining in it . 
   i 'm hinting that some countries ( france for example ) since the dawn of the eu do n't respect the 3 % rule . 
  well , that 's a legitimate concern . 
  do you think that there should be penalties for this , with maybe a more-flexible system to permit deficit spending in an agreed-upon emergency ?
