  in romania . 
   missiles can have their warheads changed in hours , minutes probably , and you you , if you fire a missile upwards and it doesnt hit anything it has to come down or , well , or nothing , it has to come down . 
  the sm-3 does n't have a surface-to-surface capability . 
  you think that this is some sort of ridiculous conspiracy to strike russia ? 
  if the us wanted to hit russia , they 'd use any of the naval missiles or aircraft they already have that are capable of and intended for attacks on surface targets , not try and somehow hack something into a minuscule number of very-expensive specialized anti-ballistic-missile interceptors . 
  yes . 
  and most whites are also killed by other whites . 
  how does either point support an assertion of white-black conflict ? 
   the missile `` defence '' system was put up to counter perceived russian aggression [ it was deployed in response to iran having a weapons program . 
  ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2011/09/172258.htm ) and no need for the quotes -- it could facilitate offense in the same way way that any defense could facilitate offense , but they are n't surface-to-surface missiles ( which , i might add , are what the russian ones going into the baltic region are ) . 
  the defensive missiles do n't even have warheads . 
  they do their job by physically-hitting the ballistic missile . 
  not as if one could do a great deal of damage . 
  i just did a search for `` site : nato.int djukanovic '' , and i do n't see anything about the assassination . 
  why do you feel that nato is pointing fingers ? 
   the united states primarily deals with drug crime and white-black conflict uh . 
  we do ? 
  i bet that foreign intelligence services are having a blast running their own statistical analyses on those . 
  < shrug  complain to mirriam-webster . 
  sure it is . 
  he used his position as president to try to ensure that family members received special treatment . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nepotism  nepotism is favoritism granted to relatives . 
   that is n't really the point , trump want to make bilateral deals so a deal with uk could well be on his list . 
  i am not really familiar with the politics surrounding tpp . 
  however , i vaguely-understand that tpp was unhealthy before this -- that is , presumably trump is off tweeting about this to take credit for it . 
  if tpp * does n't * go through , then presumably the us would have started negotiated bilateral trade agreements anyway . 
  so , i 'd assume that this is basically business as usual , with trump trying to spin things to give voters the impression that he 's got some grand protectionist scheme going on . 
   do you think congress and trump will collaborate ? 
  on things that they want to go through , yes . 
  thus far , trump 's mostly-crossed the line on using outrageous phrasing . 
  as far as i 've seen , he has n't set out any major explicit , hard policy proposal that conflicts with what the gop would want . 
  there 's some inane stuff like `` require the removal of two federal regulations for the addition of each new one '' , but the big ones , like `` renegotiate nafta '' , `` protect gun rights '' , `` perform some utterly-undefined construction work on the border wall '' , and so forth is all pretty low-commitment -- it can give the impression of doing something without actually requiring any real changes . 
  the `` deport all illegal immigrants '' thing -- that one 's bound to produce friction -- has been steadily cut in size already . 
  so it could be that he 'll just push the standard republican policies . 
  i 'd be fairly happy about that , even if it meant that he 's being obnoxious and embarrassing for four years . 
   wo n't there be too much popular opposition ? 
  well , not for mainstream republican policies . 
  it 's actually somewhat-uncommon for one party to have the presidency , house , and senate all at once , so this is a rare opportunity for the republican party to push through all the policies they can manage to get through before the normal state of gridlock likely returns in two or four years . 
  til that romania used to be called roumania in the english of a hundred years ago . 
  well , to be fair , does n't mean that his * voters * will be any more-enthusiastic about it ... 
  bannon , trump 's chief advisor , is off very-publicly helping out with fn , which i expect is about as offensive to the eu as one can imagine -- like the eu encouraging scotland to split off the uk is offensive to the uk . 
  appointing farage as us ambassador to the eu and having him run around insulting people all day would be substantially less of a slap in the face . 
  farage being an ass as ambassador does n't actually do damage . 
  definitive proof that jesus is greater than nigel farage . 
  well , in one sense , that 's society catching up with technology . 
  there was a point in time where there was a whole set of social conventions associated with physically visiting someone , like the use of the [ calling card ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visiting_card ) . 
  the telephone and similar things kinda put a hole in them . 
  some of the stigma is just associated with the fact that twitter is so associated with triviality , i think , that it 's kinda distasteful to have the great affairs of state zinging back and forth . 
  that 's probably temporary . 
  i think that some of it , though , is that twitter is * accessible * and incredibly visible , and tapping away on your phone in private does n't quite have the psychological impact that getting up in front of a crowd of a few hundred thousand people and saying something inane does . 
  if you have poor impulse control , it 's a fantastic way to utterly ram your foot in your mouth to a fantastic degree . 
  obama used twitter too , but he clearly had a media team managing it . 
  trump ... is either doing a really , really impressive job of having his media team make it look like he 's genuine , or he 's just firing off whatever comes into his head . 
  i just have the damnest time trying to imagine world war ii if hitler , stalin , churchill , de gaulle , roosevelt , hirohito , mussolini , and all the rest were frantically flaming each other on twitter from day-to-day , though . 
  seems like some of the gravitas of the position -- however artificial it may be -- would vanish . 
  i suppose that it 'd be possible to remove the ability to appoint ambassadors . 
  well , bill clinton used his influence to help work his wife in as next president , and they were competing against the bush family . 
  ( george bush , george w. bush , and jeb bush ) . 
  it was much worse at one point in time . 
  the [ spoils system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spoils_system ) used to involve far more positions :  by the late 1860s , citizens began demanding civil service reform . 
  running under the liberal republican party in 1872 , they were soundly defeated by ulysses s. grant . 
    after the assassination of james a. garfield by a rejected office-seeker in 1881 , the calls for civil service reform intensified . 
  moderation of the spoils system at the federal level came with the passage of the pendleton act in 1883 , which created a bipartisan civil service commission to evaluate job candidates on a nonpartisan merit basis . 
  while few jobs were covered under the law initially , the law allowed the president to transfer jobs and their current holders into the system , thus giving the holder a permanent job . 
  the pendleton act 's reach was expanded as the two main political parties alternated control of the white house every election between 1884 and 1896 . 
  after each election the outgoing president applied the pendleton act to jobs held by his political supporters . 
  by 1900 , most federal jobs were handled through civil service and the spoils system was limited only to very senior positions . 
    the separation between the political activity and the civil service was made stronger with the hatch act of 1939 which prohibited federal employees from engaging in many political activities . 
    the spoils system survived much longer in many states , counties and municipalities , such as the tammany hall ring , which survived well into the 1930s when new york city reformed its own civil service . 
  illinois modernized its bureaucracy in 1917 under frank lowden , but chicago held on to patronage in city government until the city agreed to end the practice in the shakman decrees of 1972 and 1983 . 
    modern variations on the spoils system are often described as the political machine . 
  i suppose that electing trump was a rejection of two major political dynasties , so that 's a good thing if you 're not all that enthusiastic about dynasties . 
  not that trump himself is hesitant to appoint friends and family , but ... 
  hell , we have a [ memorial to benedict arnold ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boot_monument ) . 
  you have n't constructed * any * sort of a permanent homage to farage !, 
  well , the czech republic was just recommending that ivana trump be the us ambassador to the czech republic . 
  these be unknown waters we sail . 
  well , i guess that rules out being the us ambassador to the eu . 
  even the lancet numbers , which were generally-viewed as erring on the high side , were not nearly that high . 
  i do n't think that `` throwing facts out the window '' is something that people knowingly do . 
  they 'll have a more-or-less internally-consistent set of views . 
  let me put it this way -- suppose i compare the anti-vaxxer movement to the anti-gmo movement . 
  to me , they look pretty similar . 
  but in europe , anti-gmo positions have much more uptake than anti-vaxxer . 
  are anti-gmoers intentionally `` throwing facts out the window '' ? 
  i bet you that you ca n't find one anti-gmoer who believes that that 's what they 're doing . 
  so i 'm skeptical of an explanation that involves that for anti-vaxxers . 
  maybe . 
  canada also uses fptp and they seem a bit more laid-back about things to me too . 
  i was initially confused too , but as i understand it , the definition being used by people going with the `` anti-establishment '' label is `` not having personally worked in a job in politics '' . 
  glad all that silliness was resolved satisfactorily . 
  toblerones had best return to their proper shape within the month . 
  try to explain to the public as a whole what `` margin of error '' means . 
  i dunno about in the uk , but in the us , statistics is not a required part of the universal mathematics curriculum . 
  chlorine washes are great , remove pathogens . 
  i 've advocated for this on here a few times before . 
  there are some obvious issues , but : * the eu being a `` path to a sane political structure '' seems to be a popular one in eastern europe in particular . 
  * in the us , the fbi successfully served as an anti-organized-crime force . 
  want to run your crime scheme , you 're going to have to subvert both the fbi and local law enforcement . 
  * dna has been [ very popular in romania ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/romanians-trust-dna/ ) .
