  i imagine that the ones with real estate in spain are having heart attacks at the moment , so that seems to be somewhat self-resolving . 
  access to a referendums also is n't guaranteed , though . 
  the uk has been doing them like mad recently , but ... 
  honestly , there are significantly-fewer muslims in the us as a percentage of the population than the uk . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_states  according to a new estimate in 2016 , there are 3.3 million muslims living in the united states , about 1 % of the total u.s. 
  population . 
  [ 3 ] the uk has somewhere north of 3m too , but in an overall population a fifth the size . 
  do n't you and ireland have some sort of special agreement where you guys can move to ireland ? 
  what if you strengthened that deal ? 
  both are dropping relative to the dollar , pound about three times as much last time i looked . 
   expect germany/france to purposefully make like difficult for the uk in any trade deals in order to make an example of them . 
  i do n't know european politics , but i 'm skeptical . 
  * the uk is still an important partner . 
  actively * trying * to antagonize the people and government of the uk seems really dumb . 
  in particular , europe has been working with a complex set of venn diagrams for a long time , and the uk can almost-certainly be brought in , albeit at a lower level . 
  trying to actively make the uk miserable would tend to kill that . 
  * part of what makes eu membership appealing is that members have the option to leave . 
  if it 's `` option to leave but we may just beat you up as well '' , that kinda taints the option . 
  * `` stay in or i make your life miserable '' did n't work too well for russia with ukraine . 
  i would suggest that this would be a bad approach for the eu . 
  much better to try to sell the eu as being more-appealing and being more politically on-top of concerns . 
  probably be less fun if we were fighting the whole eu . 
  also , he said , pretty explicitly and recently , that he would follow it . 
  is boris johnson serious ? 
  what field , if you do n't mind sharing ? 
  that 's a fair point , and you could certainly argue that it gets disproportionate coverage , but it 's still more than the brexit/bremain vote . 
  well , i 'm sure that the state department , the cia , people involved with international finance and trade and so forth are following it . 
  obama does n't normally go campaign for particular votes in other countries . 
  joe on the street is going to ride out whatever happens without much change in his life , though . 
  it 's a big deal for the uk and ireland , and an important one for the eu , but the direct impact on the us will be smaller . 
  i do n't think most folks here really understand what the eu is . 
  would n't have much context . 
  i wish they 'd overlay votes on projections , since swings based on reporting order are expected . 
  i suspect that `` they * just * want to be friends '' would be more accurate . 
  can you guys get recounts when there are close votes ? 
  well , for canada , quebec was as important . 
  assuming -- which is not yet clear -- brexit , that 's a two-way bridge . 
  the eu also had a responsibility to make herself attractive enough to appeal to all members . 
  probably it would have made sense , in retrospect , to have added some sort of phased-out-over-time immigration slowdown and have taken much stronger measures on movement from outside the eu -- the uk was on the edge of leaving , and it was n't needed to sell potential new members . 
  part of the responsibility of the eu , as an organization where members can leave , is to see that the political appeal of membership remains above threshhold , after all -- ca n't be all bureaucracy . 
  more exciting than any vote i 've seen before in the world -- it 's a referendum on a critical political issue that may shape global alignment well into the future . 
  that being said , i think that the uk , the eu , and the us would be better-off with remain , and at the moment that 's looking less-likely . 
  ca n't talk about a democratic deficit , though . 
  borders would not keep out the effects of a deeply-screwed greek people . 
  if only real life held up to the standards of internet debate . 
  it 's cameron 's job to present the government 's recommendations to the public , yes ? 
  the entire country is imposing border controls for a * month * because of a summit ? 
  well , for other eu members , the leave would be the bigger issue . 
  this is all assuming that the uk exists . 
  why would you be more attentive * after * a vote ? 
  these things need a write-in option . 
   the eu institution were the one stopping the uk government from trying to pass laws infriging humans rights and privacy , now you can bet your ass the uk will go full usa on this . 
  drug policy is a working-class concern ? 
  if the uk does a brexit and then negotiates freedom of movement with you kiwis , you 're going to be overrun by the retirees that can no longer go to spain . 
  it 's an allusion to the comedy * airplane * . 
  the real question is what the alternative they 'd be doing instead might be . 
  if the uk starts creating an alternative political bloc ... there 's gon na be a lot of drama to come . 
  the us navy funded the development of tor . 
  if something like this * does * go through , it 's going to be interesting to see where military funding goes next . 
  destruction is less abuse-prone than seizure , at least . 
  they appear to apply only to people who already have dual citizenship , so regardless of the specific violation , if any , presumably not . 
  ah , but you 're probably using * absolute * poverty , instead of the * relative * poverty that activists like so much -- and in relative poverty terms , the us has [ more than russia ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/economy/population-below-poverty-line ) . 
  eat our dust , russia !, 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not sure about the ussr needing the us . 
  let 's say that communist world revolution had been achieved . 
  do you think that that would have made the ussr less-viable ? 
  what about , say , the danger of counterrevolution instead of any external threat ? 
  and while us politics were certainly shaped by the cold war -- like libertarians , social conservatives , and hawks being willing to make common cause against an authoritarian , atheist , military threat -- i do n't think that the stability of the us required an external enemy . 
  the us had been doing fine pre-world war ii without one , and there were n't new post-war pressures that i 'd have expected to change that . 
  imperial russia used to control alaska . 
  is there a more-accurate newspaper that otherwise aims for the same political and other demographic ? 
   they basically assume other countries have the same control . 
  i would think that people who specialize in producing propaganda for foreign consumption are reasonably familiar with the degree of state control over media in target countries . 
   `` and , what , you thought these gigantic startups emerge by themselves ? 
  one schoolboy sat down , thought for a bit , and then billions of dollars rained down from above ? '', 
  he was quoted as saying in the interview with the russian news agency rambler . 
  ironically , rt uses youtube for their video , and voanews.com appears * not * to use youtube for their video ... edit : eh , i guess voanews does have a youtube channel as well -- it 's just the on-the-website embedded video where rt is youtube and voanews.com is not . 
  the public portion of molotov-ribbentrop was a non-aggression pact -- that 's not what i 'm disputing . 
  the decision for germany to conquer poland and then for the soviet union to take a portion of poland 's land extended beyond the scope of a non-aggression pact . 
   turkey used to be a 2nd world country ( and in parts still is ) hmm . 
  i assume this is a typo for `` third world '' , and that you 're using the term in its modern generic sense of `` poor country '' , because one thing turkey was not was best buddies with the ussr . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world, 
  is it , in fact , just erdogan being an asshole ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union#effect_upon_the_eu  eu member states must unanimously agree on turkey 's membership for the turkish accession to be successful . 
  in december 2011 , a poll showed that as much as 71 % of the participants surveyed in austria , the czech republic , france , germany , italy , poland , spain and the uk were opposed to turkey 's membership in the european union . 
  [ 94 ] a number of nations may oppose it ; notably austria ( which historically served as a bulwark for christian europe against the ottoman empire whose armies twice laid siege to vienna in 1529 and 1683 ) ; germany ( chancellor angela merkel has long rejected turkey 's accession bid , and has proposed a `` privileged partnership '' instead ) ; [ 95 ] and france ( where some are anxious at the prospect of a new wave of muslim immigrants , given the country 's already large muslim community . 
  ) [ 96 ] that does n't seem to mesh with that . 
  i 'd point out that the positions of the two are n't intrinsically-opposed . 
  poland has a brexit , eu instability , trump , and the last few years of putin and probably wants to ensure that there 's some diplomatic currency just in case . 
  they 've got limited influence over all of those . 
  i suspect that they 'd switch positions with you happily . 
  finally , the us does want international political legitimacy in interventions , so the involvement alone is of value -- same reason bush spent so much time and effort building his coalition . 
  it seems like a reasonable one -- if you are n't willing to block your external border , others obviously have to block themselves off from you to maintain their interior . 
  that 's not even a stick -- just a tailback fix for the neighbors . 
  seems like a good approach to me . 
  not all of us , though . 
  no conspiracy is required , nor certainty of remain -- just more confidence in remain than was the case earlier . 
  the fact that germany agreed to hand over part of poland ? 
  that goes far beyond any agreement to not attack .
