  slightly contrasting definitions differ as to what makes a regional power . 
  the european consortium for political research defines a regional power as : `` a state belonging to a geographically defined region , dominating this region in economic and military terms , able to exercise hegemonic influence in the region and considerable influence on the world scale , willing to make use of power resources and recognized or even accepted as the regional leader by its neighbours '' . 
  [ 1 ] [ wikipedia : emerging power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emerging_power ) : ex : brazil , india , china  an emerging power or rising power is a term used as recognition of the rising , primarily economic , influence of a nation -- or union of nations -- which has steadily increased their presence in global affairs . 
  such a power aspires to have a more powerful position or role in international relations , either regionally or globally , and possess sufficient resources and levels of development that such goals are potentially achievable . 
  a term also used to describe such a state is `` rising power '' . 
  [ 1 ] at least via wikipedia 's definition , `` emerging '' and `` regional '' do n't really fit on the scale of `` influence relative to the rest of the world '' . 
  regional powers have strong influence within a region : the us is listed as being a regional power within north america , for example . 
  a regional power might be a global power , or might not be . 
  that being said , all of these definitions are somewhat-fuzzy . 
  they depend on perception : until russia lost the [ russo-japanese war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-japanese_war ) to japan , japan was generally-viewed as being far-less-powerful than russia . 
  there is no single authority on which class countries are in , and disagreement on some countries . 
  germany has relatively-little ability to project military strength around the world , but is an important economic power , and has great influence within the eu , which itself has global economic influence : eu sanctions would be very bad news for a country . 
  how would one compare germany to russia , which has tremendous nuclear military power but a smaller and more-volatile economy ? 
  europe has [ temperate rainforest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temperate_rainforest#europe ) , but not [ tropical rainforest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tropical_rainforest ) . 
  edit : ... though some european countries do have overseas possessions of tropical rainforests , like [ french guiana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana ) , which is in the eu . 
  not sure whether they 're big vacation destinations , though . 
  that simply means that greece becomes responsible for the refugee . 
  first , it 's difficult for greece to keep someone from leaving . 
  second , greece is probably one of the least-able eu members to provide for vast numbers of destitute refugees . 
  third , greece is in the same position you are : they do n't want to wind up being responsible for everyone . 
  greece has not cooperated in registering people , and i doubt that will change unless greece 's incentives change . 
   who as you have just said are trying to make sure australia does n't break the refugee convention ( important no ?? ), 
  i did not say that -- what i 'm saying is that they are trying to stop finding a backdoor route around it . 
  a subtle difference , perhaps , but one is following the rules . 
  straying a bit from my original point ... my own view is that signatories to the refugee convention should withdraw from it , which is something that the convention permits -- the united states and all other signatories . 
  this is not because i object to some sort of idea of providing temporary refuge during crises , but because i think that the refugee convention in its modern form was poorly-crafted , and has implications that signatories do not want and should not sign onto . 
  the original 1951 refugee convention was written to be a one-off agreement that applied only ( and explicitly limited its scope to only ) to the displaced peoples in europe in the wake of world war ii . 
  these people needed some sort of prompt solution , and so constructing the refugee convention quickly rather than spending years debating the merits of precise language made sense . 
  after all , as long as the convention would work well-enough to apply to these peoples , it did n't matter if it would break down in other situations , since it would never apply to them . 
  later on , there was interest in having a more-general solution for future crises and conflicts put into place . 
  my understanding is that the barrier to getting a modification to the 1951 refugee convention approved was lower than that to crafting an entire new one , so there was a 1967 amendment which made the refugee convention apply to all peoples and continue to apply to future situations . 
  this , i think , was a severe error . 
  the refugee convention was never properly-constructed to be an appropriate document for this sort of case . 
  a new agreement should have been constructed . 
  let me list some of the major problems that i see with the refugee convention , which i believe are contributing to the current crisis in europe ( and , for that matter , to australia 's issues ) . 
  * at the time that the 1951 refugee convention was agreed upon , there was not a huge disparity in social benefits among the european nations to which it applied . 
  there was no strong incentive to move from one location to another . 
  however , after that point in time , welfare systems expanded . 
  the 1967 revision meant that now , extraordinarily-poor places in the world , like eritria , would have people looking at a large quality-of-life improvement if only they could get into a particular country . 
  the refugee convention mandated that the same benefits be provided a refugee as to nationals . 
  this created a significant pull factor to go to wealthy countries , rather than simply finding a safe place , and bound wealthy countries to permit entry . 
  * similarly , among european nations in 1951 , there were not immense wealth and wage differences . 
  this is not the case between eritrea ( gdp per capita $ 542 in 2013 ) and germany ( $ 45,091 ) . 
  the desire to manage to get into another country to take advantage of the refugee convention 's guarantee of a right to work alongside this large wealth difference was nowhere near as large . 
  * the 1951 refugee convention dealt with european countries . 
  however fractious their peoples were in world war ii , these people had relatively-similar ideals , cultures , and concerns ; while it 's possible that there would be some friction , they had also lived alongside each other before and had a great many views in common , their skillsets were similar , and they had roughly similar knowledge . 
  this is a tremendous difference from transplanting people en-masse from undeveloped portions of the world into a developed economy . 
  * 1951 european refugee numbers were known and the places people would shift to bounded , so signatories understood that they were not signing onto an unbounded , unrealistic commitment . 
  under the 1967 revision , suddenly , by the rules of the refugee convention , were china to suffer a civil war and half of her population to seek refuge in luxembourg , luxembourg would be bound to accept all of them . 
  this is plainly a commitment that can not be fulfilled . 
  my belief is that today , european countries would * all * be willing to accept some number of refugees . 
  i am equally certain that european countries are not willing to actually accept unbounded numbers , and in every civil war , in every dictatorship , in every religious conflict in the poor places in africa , there will be legal basis to again enter europe . 
  in practice , many countries have defeated this by limiting the processing rate ( the united states among them ) to create a huge backlog . 
  my belief is that signatories want some level of numeric bounds on what they must accept . 
  * at the time that the 1951 refugee convention was signed , people were displaced within europe . 
  the idea that someone could simply sail to a particular country , show up there , and not be deportable was not in the picture . 
  today , people hopeful of getting out of the third world will take a ship to greece , claim that they can not be deported , as doing so would be into a conflict , and from there head into the schengen area . 
  the issue of coastal borders was not an issue after world war ii , and borders were controlled . 
  * the refugee convention does not place a bound on the time to which signatories must keep a refugee . 
  it 's possible that war might drag on for some time . 
  some members require granting residence , or even citizenship after someone has resided in a country for some time . 
  my belief is that signatories do not actually have such a commitment in their interest ( though admittedly , though it might take work , they could probably revise policies to exclude asylum-seekers from these policies , and i can not really present this as a fundamental objection to the current convention ) . 
  * in 1951 , educational levels and skill demands were radically-different from those of today . 
  a high-school education would let someone support their family in reasonable comfort , and few jobs required anything else . 
  in [ 1951 , in the united states , only a few percent , perhaps 2-4 % , of the population , had a four-year-college degree ] ( http://nces.ed.gov/pubs93/93442.pdf ) . 
  since that time , demand for higher education and levels of education have greatly-increased , and it has become more-difficult to incorporate people from an undeveloped economy ( particularly adults , past their prime learning years ) into a developed economy . 
  in particular , a large influx of unskilled workers , particularly those who do not even have the ability to speak the language or literacy , tends to depress wages for a portion of society that already suffers from depressed wages . 
  combine a limited set of useful skills with an extensive welfare state and a mandate to provide the same level of welfare to refugees , and for many countries , refugees become a substantial financial liability rather than something that could be turned into an asset . 
  * in 1951 , there were no fundamental security concerns among the peoples in the relevant states , and no provision was made in the refugee convention for these . 
  today , france is bombing syria . 
  if france is required to also accept substantial numbers of people from syria ... well , it 's a safe bet that some of these are very angry with france . 
  i believe that the convention must provide for disallowing permitting a refugee in on security grounds . 
  so , i do n't view the refugee convention in is present form as a very good idea . 
  while i 'd prefer that member states withdraw from the refugee convention in its present form and craft a new one , where countries like australia have simply sought to find routes to avoid having to crash into its problems , i 'm at least sympathetic to what they 're trying to go about ; doing their best to keep the convention workable , not simply having it turn into a floodgate to tie the first and the third worlds together . 
   i 've provided you with plenty of sources that say/prove that specifically manus island is , at the very least , a horrible place to live it 's probably not fantastic . 
  that 's not torture , though , and it is of little relevance to the fundamental concerns of an asylum system , which are of providing someone with an escape hatch from where they may be facing execution , avoiding another holocaust . 
   if the conditions were fine , why would n't let journalists in ? 
  < shrug  perhaps they do n't want the political heat : new guinea is under no obligation to deal with it , and political advocates who do not like the pacific solution will most-assuredly be looking to edit material to try to present it as negatively as possible . 
  perhaps new guinea does not want to deal with people wandering around , for their security reasons . 
   the aus . 
  government is making themselves seem extremely suspicious . 
  < shrug  if you do n't like australia 's policies , that 's certainly your decision to make . 
  but i think that at the moment , a structure like that of australia 's is probably the best long-term way to stem a flow of people trying to leverage refugee status as a golden opportunity to move themselves into the first world . 
  it addresses the core concern of keeping people safe for a temporary period of time , while eliminating the economic pulls that created such problems with unbounded illegal immigration . 
  that , i think , is the primary concern for many countries . 
  amnesty international is precisely an example of an advocacy organization : they have political goals . 
  they are n't an objective observer : they explicitly want to ensure that illegal immigrants are placed on the same labor grounds as people living in a country . 
  you can [ take a look at their website ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/what-we-do/people-on-the-move/ ) ; their goal is to prevent discrimination against a refugee , which is precisely what the pacific solution engages is : it disadvantages someone from zimbabwe relative to someone in germany . 
  amnesty would object to attempt to find back-doors to avoid refugee convention requirements , which is what the pacific solution does . 
  i do not know what a particular person at the un 's concerns are on this . 
  i could not provide you with documentation on that ; that 's a standard that will not be met here . 
  but i do feel that a ruling classifying the deportations as torture is a clear attempt to misuse a rule designed for one situation in another . 
  all right ? 
  the un is no apolitical oracle . 
  the us is still higher than all european countries listed other than the czech republic and italy in the frequency of use . 
  let 's say that someone is a political opponent of the practice of blocking illegal immigration to australia . 
  perhaps they find it distasteful , or perhaps they feel that that illegal immigration creates a more-egalitarian world . 
  perhaps they 've relatives that they would like to come over . 
  perhaps they want a more-competitive unskilled labor market . 
  if they 're willing to try to leverage any policy that they can find that might accomplish their goal , one way to go about it would be to get deportation to an island classified as torture .
