    for further reading please see jeff pearce 's book `` how to make love in a canoe : sex in canada '' . 
  [ the regulation of gmos in europe and the united states : a case-study of contemporary european regulatory politics ] ( http://www.cfr.org/agricultural-policy/regulation-gmos-europe-united-states-case-study-contemporary-european-regulatory-politics/p8688 ), 
  i do n't think that there 's any realistic way to predict with certainty whether the eu will break up , if that 's what you 're getting at . 
  it 's a chaotic system , and a lot depends on things that i simply have no visibility into , like politics in individual members . 
  i also have made some bad calls earlier -- i did not expect russia to move in on ukraine , and while i expected more resistance to migration than clearly a lot of political leaders did , i also did not expect the uk to vote for brexit . 
  i feel more comfortable playing armchair general on policy than on politics . 
  if you held a gun to my head and required me to make a prediction , however , i would predict that the eu will remain more-or-less together and i would predict federation in the long run . 
  * the issues that have been raised -- including the ones i raise above -- with the eu are not fundamental issues . 
  that is , they can be fixed if they are a problem without needing to deeply change the eu . 
  * the things that make the eu make sense really have not changed . 
  leveraging economy of scale . 
  connecting people with work , with retirement locations . 
  being able to speak on the world stage at a comparable volume to other major world powers ( though without a common foreign policy , this has not really happened yet ) . 
  letting people travel freely and easily . 
  seeking a social restructuring of europe to eliminate the factors that led to millennia of war . 
  creating larger domestic markets for business . 
  creating stable and well-to-do neighbors for all of the peoples and countries of europe . 
  giving access to more educational institutions . 
  providing a greater variety of places to live to europeans -- making it easy for a swede to live near sun-drenched mediterranean beaches or a dutch couple to have their own forest getaway cabin in the forests of scandinavia . 
  letting people work in cities near them that otherwise would be on the other side of an imaginary line on the ground that made it impractical for much of the past . 
  providing the kind of resources required for megaprojects , whether it is [ creating the world 's first space elevator ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_elevator ) and throwing open the doors for cheap movement to space , esa building a nuclear pulse rocket that becomes mankind 's first step into another solar system , making [ atlantropa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ) a reality , or whatever other crazy new dreams europeans come up with down the line . 
  as long as those have not changed -- and i do not see how they would easily do so -- then i think that union is a wise decision for europe . 
  * generally-speaking , leaving the eu is not a very effective solution to most issues that have been complained about . 
  are british farm workers concerned about their buying power in a world where population movement in easier ? 
  outsourcing or automation do n't go away , and other options , like subsidizing workers to produce a slower shift at least * could * act as an alternate fix . 
  is poland worried about germany 's wisdom in taking in a great many refugees ? 
  well , any great catastrophe that befell germany would still eventually spill into poland , regardless of whether-or-not the two countries are in the eu . 
  do people dislike an eu regulation ? 
  well , i doubt that regulators in any one country are far more ept than those producing the eu directives -- they will also produce imperfect regulations that must be remedied . 
  are people in italy worried about a shift in culture ? 
  culture is an ever-changing , never-stopping river -- you can never stand in the same river twice . 
  italy is n't the intensely-religious state that it was not many decades back , nor wearing bell-bottoms ( or whatever was popular in the 1960s in italy ) today . 
  cultural shift has always happened and will continue to do so , and in an age of cheap transport and travel and the internet , national borders do little to shut out outside ideas and thoughts . 
  from a restaurant on the pacific ocean coast , i can watch a dutchman sharing his outrage with a croatian over an apparently-impulsive tweet that donald trump decided to fire off at 4:00 am on his phone thousands of miles away . 
  no , i do n't think that anything short of being north korea can do much to stem culture crossing borders today . 
  i do n't think that there 's much that leaving the eu will solve for any member , certainly not in the long term , and i think that the public and politicians are taking matters more-seriously than perhaps they did in the run-up to brexit . 
  * many changes to the eu , even dramatic ones , do n't seem to warrant tearing the eu down . 
  want a unicameral system ? 
  directly-elected representatives directly overseeing every eu institution ? 
  a guarantee that a financial tax wo n't go through ? 
  french to be the sole legal language used in europe ? 
  to conquer and annex the levant ? 
  establish shintoism as the state religion in europe ? 
  to impose a 100 % estate tax so that each person enjoys only the fruits of his own labor , not those of his parents ? 
  to bring back minoan formal court dress that exposed a woman 's breasts as the norm ? 
  to require that every european do two months a year of volunteer work on her choice of charities ? 
  you name the society in europe that you want to create , and for almost all of them , i 'd say that it 's easier to get there building atop the existing european union than to tear down many decades of standardization and integration work and start from scratch . 
  [ continued from parent ] * the eu 's image . 
  i do not live in the eu , so i have a very distorted view of what the eu means to people . 
  however , my vague understanding ( which is in great part derived from hanging out on a relatively-well-educated , multilingual forum ) is that it tends to be seen as a sort of move towards a star trek world , a progressive , ideological move . 
  that 's okay , but if that is * all * that it is , it 's going to run into friction with people who are n't very interested in that . 
  there are many countries out there who are great about whipping up enthusiasm in their public for the country . 
  i feel like the eu has not done that . 
  i can find a thousand neat pictures of the us with an eagle doing something out there , but none of the eu and its bull . 
  part of making the eu a cohesive entity is in selling it to the public , and high-minded progressive ideals ( especially citizen-of-the-world sort of stuff ) are not alone going to be enough . 
  make the average joe on the street view the eu as something that 's awesome , that they 're proud to be associated with , the way that football teams or countries have managed to do . 
  when people are painting beautiful shots of the eu bull on their cars or wearing jackets sporting it , then i think that the eu 's in good shape . 
  i can say `` the us was the first to land someone on the moon '' -- what are the kind of things that people in the eu can throw out as things that they 're really proud of ? 
  sure , the eu 's young , but it 's far-larger than many small and young countries were at the eu 's age , countries that had sold themselves well to their publics . 
  i know that some will call this biased towards the approach that the us has used or that concerns of how nationalism played out in the world wars have made countries in europe leery of that sort of thing ... but the us is n't facing concerns about integrity of the union , either . 
  * providing clear paths forward on issues . 
  i am perhaps less-enthusiastic than most here about the idea of simply having germany/france/finland absorb the greek losses . 
  however , i do strongly think that there should be a realistic , viable plan that greece could follow , and * if * greece follows it , her people wind up out of the hole . 
  that should be complete and full and not have details held back . 
  that may-or-may not be necessary for bureaucrats , but i think that a public needs a light at the end of the tunnel , even if the tunnel is long and rough . 
  even if it is impossible to politically sell the german public on some scheme involving debt forgiveness and instead german bureaucrats have simply committed privately , there could be a plan present that simply has n't been signed off on until the public will exists for it . 
  * pensions . 
  as far as i can tell , the entire pension system in eu members is a timebomb with a burning fuse . 
  citizens in eu members enjoy freedom of movement . 
  that 's fine , but normally if you have a state pension , it 's predicated upon future payments from people who ca n't simply up and leave . 
  in the eu , pensions are not handled at the eu level , and are not subject to a cross-state-boundaries-funding scheme . 
  the present structure seems , as best as i can tell , to likely cause great deprivation in the old age of people in poorer eu members -- young people will go to a wealthy eu member , work there , and either emigrate there ( so the poorer member pays to raise the kid but does not benefit from his work ) or even worse , return home in their old age and draw state pension . 
  at least some countries ( germany ? ), 
  have pension structures that are highly-disadvantageous to non-citizen workers -- it looks like you can lose pension contributions if you leave germany . 
  pensions will be a huge problem down the line , and it is far easier to address a problem like that earlier than later . 
  my own suggestion is that pension contributions may be set by any eu member however they like , but people still must pay into the pension fund of the state where they hold citizenship even if they 're working in another eu member . 
  there 's no reason to disincentivize working domestically as opposed to in a foreign eu member . 
  alternatively , do away with state pensions if they actually are n't necessary . 
  but do n't run up a huge pension liability in eu members seeing their children leaving to work abroad and then fail to fund it . 
  that way lies catastrophe . 
  * the european council , the council of europe , and the council of the european union . 
  that 's confusing even for a lot of people * here * , who are mostly from the eu , often political/policy junkies , and well-educated . 
  make up a cool , distinctive , memorable name for two of those and switch 'em . 
  well , i can think of failings , though they also tend to have some sort of justification . 
  * eurozone adoption . 
  doing a partial shift to the euro was probably reasonable . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , it probably would have been better to be more-selective about who joined or the order in which joining happened to reduce disruption . 
  * citizenship grants . 
  the eu requires all members to give rights to citizens of other eu members , but provides no controls on who citizenship is granted to . 
  i think that that is a significant chunk of why we 're in the current mess vis-a-vis the migrant situation . 
  basically , some members were unhappy with immigration but had no way to block it and did n't feel like they bought in . 
  the interests of the eu and individual members on the border may diverge ; when that happens , the eu has limited ability to act , but if that 's the case , the only response that other members can take is shutting down schengen , which is also awful . 
  it 's moving in the direction that i think makes more sense -- the eu handles eu exterior borders -- but it 'd require another treaty to get it to what i 'd call a usable situation . 
  if there is to be schengen , then i think that the eu should also have full control of external borders . 
  * not helping italy and greece as to migration soon . 
  regardless of what should have happened , whether it was `` redistribute '' or `` simply boot everyone back to africa '' or whatever , even if there had been a border control issue , eu members did not take the issues in greece/italy seriously and act together for a long time . 
  whatever solution was agreed upon , italy and greece should n't have been treated as expendable , but as if they were as important as the territory of other eu members -- which , given the presence of schengen , they effectively were . 
  * having national leaders act as the face of the eu as a whole . 
  this is part of a more-general problem where the eu may have a worse domestic image than it should , but this is a specific problem with what i think of as a straightforward fix . 
  if the eu is doing something * as the eu * , like sanctions , merkel or hollande should not be the people making the official statements about what the eu is doing and will do .
