hyperloop was envisioned as an alternative for california high speed rail , which was connecting a few large population centers with large unpopulated areas in between . 
  that environment was n't really a good match for rail , since it did n't leverage rail 's easy loading and unloading along the route , and so hyperloop traded some of rail 's ( unused ) strengths in being able to drop people off along the route for the benefit of shorter express times . 
  how much of europe fits that model well ? 
  from the rand paper :  as presently postured , nato can not successfully defend the territory of its most exposed members   across multiple games using a wide range of expert participants in and out of uniform playing both sides , the longest it has taken russian forces to reach the outskirts of the estonian and/or latvian capitals of tallinn and riga , respectively , is 60 hours . 
    such a rapid defeat would leave nato with a limited number of options , all bad . 
  an aggressor almost certainly can take land . 
  that 's not a surprise : it 's unrealistic to have military forces literally right up to the border and be able to stop them from crossing it . 
  point is that crossing that border does n't `` win '' anything . 
  it 's going to suck for people in the path of that military , maybe , but it does n't knock nato out of the fight . 
  nato has deep , deep [ strategic depth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_depth ) . 
   a force of about seven brigades , including three heavy armored brigades -- adequately supported by airpower , land-based fires , and other enablers on the ground and ready to fight at the onset of hostilities -- could suffice to prevent the rapid overrun of the baltic states . 
  until russia moves seven brigades in as well . 
  it would make sense to do that if you wanted to drive up russian military costs , maybe , or force russia to move military from elsewhere . 
  but i 'm doubtful about the idea of stopping russian military dead in their tracks right at the border . 
  and while i do n't know what a nato-russia conflict would look like , us conflicts in the recent past have opened with an air war . 
  borders do n't matter much for that . 
  from the vox article :  the baltic states would just be a major headache for putin agreed . 
   conquering the baltic states may be possible , but it would win him the overt enmity of the west , the worry of his other neighbors , and three territories full of disgruntled locals with a history of guerrilla warfare against muscovite conquerors . 
  i think i would have included the `` much more powerful military alliance sitting next door '' as a pretty substantial drawback as well . 
   even if russia did take the baltic states , though , the west would have plenty of ways to punish russia short of launching a full military counterattack . 
    the first is with financial means . 
  if russia relies on tanks for its attack , the west could turn to banks for its response . 
  that seems like a disproportionately-weak response . 
   the day the west decides to be as ruthless as russia will be a very black one for the kremlin . 
  however , it is vital not only that the west grow to realize this -- because if we feel powerless , we become vulnerable to putin 's mind games and power plays -- but also that we practice and posture such that the kremlin appreciates that this is a real threat . 
  [ snip ]  the greatest risk for the west is , after all , not its weakness of means but a perception of its weakness of will , both at home and in moscow . 
  after all , deterrence only works when it is displayed , when the other side knows the misery and ruin it risks . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  i think that moscow can understand perfectly well what nato could do without play-rushes , and that if there were a need to communicate with russian leadership , there are more-effective ways to do this . 
  i think that most people have not reacted well to putin 's aggressive stances , and i think that taking aggressive stances over here is likely to be similarly-unappealing to many people . 
  i think that taking aggressive action is likely to make the russian public angry and scared , and be unlikely to communicate much to the russian leadership . 
  i do n't think that it 's so much the number of troops that would be useful , but having some troops from other members for political reasons in that any conflict immediately involves many members . 
  relocating sheer numbers means that russia will likely do the same , as is happening now , with russia moving another [ 30,000 soldiers up to the border ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-nato-divisions-iduskcn0xv0tu ) . 
   were behind schedule more than 20 years already https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_germany  24 december 1996 frankfurt . 
  3 dead , 6 wounded . 
  improvised explosive device . 
  a bomb explodes at a christmas eve service in a lutheran church , killing three people . 
  six others are wounded , with two suffering critical injuries . 
  the blast reportedly occurred when a masked woman entered the church service in the suburb of sindlingen . 
   i 'm sure that capitalism is much better , since almost everyone is well off . 
  it 's evident in europe and the us , who have low poverty rates and almost no economic inequality ... oh . 
  venezuelan prosperity is best prosperity !, 
  i 'm assuming that people in belarus are n't actually searching in english , and that the map creator simply translated to english before posting to make the map accessible to more people . 
  in the us , as far as i 've seen , it 's a standard part of the secondary curriculum world history to teach that macedonia conquered greece . 
  however , there 's no digression into the fact that there 's also a modern-day country of macedonia that 's a bit different from the greek region of macedonia . 
  on the flip side , i 'm also skeptical of painting an entire country as `` lazy '' . 
  clearly leaves room for a sequel , * why canada is not russia * . 
   parshev is known for arguing that an economic system based on liberal capitalism is unsuited for russia because , as he claims , the harsh russian climate makes the russian economy inherently uncompetitive with other nations ( e.g. 
  with low temperatures high heating costs requiring higher salaries for workers and more expensive construction methods ) . 
    parshev argues for the scaling down of russian foreign trade , greater self-sufficiency and autarky , and for a return to more soviet-style forms of management in economy and politics . 
  his writings are influential among russian nationalist and ultranationalist circles . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 've read about at least a couple of baltic cooperation programs , and [ it looks like there are others ] ( http://www.icds.ee/publications/article/baltic-military-cooperation-past-present-and-future/ ) . 
  the big desire of the baltics would be in not having to worry about russia . 
  the baltics alone , barring a significant shift in the military balance-of-power today , are n't going to be able to do that alone , though the eu certainly has at least the potential of doing so . 
   the treaty led to the creation of the euro . 
  one of the obligations of the treaty for the members was to keep `` sound fiscal policies , with debt limited to 60 % of gdp and annual deficits no greater than 3 % of gdp . 
  '' [ 4 ] hmm . 
  [ it looks like that was most-recently exceeded by denmark in 2011 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/denmark/government-debt-to-gdp ) . 
  and by `` swap '' , you would be sending them to ukraine ? 
  i do n't think ukraine is a great choice for taking in middle eastern refugees right about now . 
  it 's kind of got its list of issues-to-deal-with already pretty full . 
  until it became a cultural export !, 
   2 ) nobody cares and they get deported to syria anyway i do n't actually think that that would happen if syria rejected them . 
  well , the federal government is going to have to do something to accelerate intake if it wants to meet obama 's pledge to take 10,000 this fiscal year , because i do n't think that it 's going to become more popular . 
  [ update : the u.s. is way behind its goal of accepting 10,000 syrian refugees ] ( http://www.nbc15.com/home/headlines/more-governors-announce-their-states-wont-accept-syrian-refugees-after-paris-massacre-350663911.html )  ( nbc news ) -- the united states is bracing to resettle nearly 9,000 syrian refugees over the next several months after falling severely behind in the obama administration 's pledge to increase the number of families it accepts . 
    halfway into the fiscal year , the u.s. has accepted only 1,285 new refugees , data released by the state department revealed this week . 
  that represents just 13 percent of refugees that the u.s. has agreed to accept ... 
  i think that more material does make more denials more awkward , and i do think that it 's impressive that bellingcat has done all this . 
  however ... as regards being `` on the fence '' ... realistically , how many people are on the fence about mh17 ? 
  i suspect that total eu financial transfers are much larger than the inflation-adjusted marshall plan . 
  the marshall plan came at an important time , but it was funds to address things in a critical situation , not funds sufficient on their own to do widespread rebuilding of europe . 
  and remember , as i 'm sure various eastern europeans would pointedly highlight ... it was n't the `` whole continent '' . 
  half of the continent was on the other side of the iron curtain . 
  russian strategic bombers are much less of a threat in a hypothetical nuclear war -- they 'd have difficulty with us air defenses -- than russian ballistic missiles . 
  we 've presently nothing that could reliably counter all of the latter at the scale that they 'd be used , assuming that they 've been launched and we 've gone past the possibility of deterrence . 
  ditto for the other way around -- a us b-52 would have a difficult time making it into russia until all the critical things in a nuclear war had already happened . 
  when i checked google search recommendations , it gave the same results as were listed for australians . 
  no need to get snippety . 
  it 's [ the standard term for an average member of the population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/average_joe ) . 
  the overwhelming majority of people likely do n't pay the slightest bit of attention to the contents of international treaties , just as i do n't pay any attention to plastics material science , and the question as-phrased would presuppose knowledge to be answered the way it 's being read here ( i.e. 
  would you live up to treaty commitments ) . 
  yeah ... i 'm not saying that there are n't potential gains from organizational change , but so often on here , the idea of military integration in europe seems to immediately jump to `` that means that we could cut military spending even * further * '' , and that the prospect of doing that is the primary light in which such a thing is viewed . 
  yes . 
  but that was a politically-awkward anecdote , not a comprehensive summary of germany 's military capabilities . 
  germany is well below target nato spending levels , but she has a large population and a wealthy economy , and that has influence in absolute terms . 
  [globalfirepower.com ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) places her at # 9 in the world , just below turkey . 
  at least as regards world war i and ii , canada conscripted people for both wars . 
   you ... you ... you just to be clear , i 'm from the us . 
   ( as you have ports and boats  trains in energy efficiency ) but the fuel constraints are not that far off , looking them up . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_efficiency_in_transportation#us_freight_transportation  the us transportation energy book states the following figures for freight transportation in 2010 :   | transportation mode | fuel consumption ( btu/short ton mile ) |  | - | - |  | domestic waterborne | 217 | 160 |  | class 1 railroads | 289 | 209 | and unless you 're talking about shipping along a straight bit of coastline , from one port city to another ( not the shape of most of europe ) , i would bet that the distance savings via using rail is greater than the fuel savings via using water ) . 
  i agree that the geography of the us may favor larger trains , but it 's not clear to me that the cost savings from that -- which i would assume come from reduced human labor and wind resistance and wear-and-tear on locomotives and higher track utilization -- must inherently dominate the other forms of cost reduction i listed . 
  now , granted , these are n't inherently tied to geography in the way that train size is . 
  however , surely you 'd also agree that there 's no inherent geographic reason for , say , the us to maintain a technological advantage over , say , india or brazil ... yet that technological advantage exists and is a massive economic factor . 
  surely one could imagine europe making investment in freight rail r&d and surpassing the us in freight rail technology and having greater efficiency driven by technology . 
  < sadly shakes head  non-polandball-reading yokels . 
  [ technically , we are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diomede_islands ) , though it does n't invalidate the point that europe would almost certainly be where any non-nuclear war involving nato on one side and russia on the other happens . 
  that seems like a high bar to pass . 
  * for any such agreement to be made in many areas requires specialist expertise . 
  one must either make every person in the society a specialist or give up societal agreements that would require a specialist to make .
