   there will not be a european democracy , because there is no european demos . 
  my interests as a dutchman are wildly divergent from those of an average romanian . 
  having homogenous opinions is not a requirement for having democracy . 
  americans now have a [ more favorable opinion of the eu than the public of any actual eu member does ] ( http://www.people-press.org/2016/05/05/6-nato-u-s-allies-the-eu-and-un/ ) . 
  the metric system does have a continental european origin :  the metric system is an internationally agreed decimal system of measurement . 
  it was originally based on the * m\u00e8tre des archives * and the * kilogramme des archives * introduced by the french first republic in 1799 , [ 1 ] whereas the imperial system had a british origin :  the system of imperial units or the imperial system ( also known as british imperial [ 1 ] or exchequer standards of 1825 ) is the system of units first defined in the british weights and measures act of 1824 , which was later refined and reduced . 
  the imperial units replaced the winchester standards , which were in effect from 1588 to 1825 . 
  [ 2 ] the system came into official use across the british empire . 
  well , but we picked afghanistan . 
  does libya count as your pick or france 's ? 
  michigan , just because * your * weather sucks as much as scandinavia off the baltic coast ... 
  true , but that 's also because the us sub-divides british ancestry groups ( irish , scotch , scotch-irish , english ) and because the english were early enough that they 're also the most likely for people to have forgotten and just say `` american '' ( which , identification , incidentally , is one of the most-strongly-correlated with voting trump ) . 
  there * are * a lot of german-americans , but if you sum all of the british or british-at-the-time ancestry groups , they wind up being larger than the german-american group . 
   our educational establishments , through school , college and university , have become completely hijacked by the liberal left anti-intellectualism always ends well . 
  i can guess . 
  people work in cities . 
  the people in rural areas , old farmers , are dying out . 
  people like retiring and living on the coast for its mild temperatures , and if they are n't tied to farmland , do so . 
  they 're in the irish constitution , which would be an even higher bar to removal . 
  well , i think that dropping farm support sounds great , but can macron afford to lose the farm vote ? 
  yeah , and you could find a few isolated communities in the us that have strong dialects ( though not on par with the uk ) , but english and mandarin are on different levels of fragmentation . 
  mother of god . 
  * the goal of a trade relationship is not to maintain a trade surplus . 
  * it would be * dumb * for both countries for * either * to try to force a surplus . 
  it 's not somehow `` winning '' . 
  i feel like this needs to go in the sidebar . 
   and have n't all your ` english speaking partners ' come out and stated that they are not interested in rushing a deal with the uk and were more focused on the eu ? 
  well , for the us , two things have probably changed : first , the eu has been disinterested in a trade deal with the us , and as obama put it , that 's what a trade deal with the uk would be backed up behind . 
  if there 's no ttip to conflict with , there 's not much point for the us in holding off establishing a potentially-conflicting fta with the uk , so it 's in us interests . 
  it 's also in uk interests -- the uk is going to need to be signing ftas if it comes out of the eu and loses membership in the existing ftas that the eu has signed . 
  the major point of leaving a customs union , after all , is that one * can * sign one 's own trade agreements , so that 's obviously what the uk will look at leveraging . 
  second , the uk made a call to come out of the eu , so the us is not in a position of encouraging a breakup . 
  dangling ftas around before a referendum would be a no-no . 
  but , well , the uk made their decision , so time to work with what 's present . 
  i always knew that we were more similar to catholic european than ireland is !, 
  wealthy , white , composed in much greater part of people originally from the uk , far smaller population ( the uk generally does n't seem enthusiastic about linking up with the us either , which would have a much larger population ) , a lot of issues with corruption and so forth are n't a problem . 
  religiously more-similar , more linguistically-similar ( not everyone in india can speak english ) . 
  it 's not just reprinting but that signs at whole miles come out to some ugly fraction in kilometers . 
   even in the most benign scenario , where post-brexit britain somehow escapes the clutches of a reactionary nationalism and does not fall into trump 's orbit , oh , for fuck 's sake . 
  trump is hardly a major figure ideologically , and is n't sticking around for long . 
  i do n't like him much either , but using him as a bucket of undesireableness to paint things you do n't like with is just dumb . 
  kind of cheating if the language is so fragmented that people from different places really ca n't make each other understood ... 
   no grammatical genders , english has almost no gender * except * for the pronoun ( him , her ) and the possessive pronoun ( his , hers ) . 
  does estonian have a gendered pronoun ? 
  why ? 
  is n't the moon female , sun male thing something that goes way back ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_lunar_deities  lunar deities can be either male or female , but are usually held to be the opposite sex of the corresponding solar deity . 
  hmmm . 
  what do your keyboards look like ? 
  for english , i understand that the use of articles is somewhat unusual as languages go . 
  in english , you must say `` a cat '' or `` the cat '' , must indicate whether something you are talking about is unique or not whenever referencing it . 
  i mean , i ca n't even think about something without doing that . 
  apparently , most languages in the world do n't require this . 
  i do n't know how uncommon it is in languages , but i suspect that the number of [ collective terms for groups of animals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_terms_of_venery,_by_animal ) in english is unusual -- a pack of dogs , a pride of lions , a murder of crows , etc. 
   the communist movement in the usa is basically negligible because it was silenced hard . 
  it was not illegal to advocate for communism the way it is to advocate for naziism in germany today . 
  membership in communist party usa might block you from getting a government job or , in some places like hollywood , result in employers blacklisting you , but that 's not the same thing . 
  my school in the us did the reformation . 
  was important to protestantism and hence some of the pressures that led people to come to the american colonies . 
  when you start replacing housing stock , the people who can afford it and are willing to spend on it will be the ones who first buy the newer , nicer housing . 
  that means that you 'll start out pricing them high -- just enough to pull in enough sales from the most well-to-do-and-willing-to-spend people to sell your houses . 
  then you work down in price to get sufficient sales . 
  i 'd bet that pricing now should be at or near its peak , if a sixth of the moscow housing stock is going to be upgraded . 
   sell the newly built apartments for a gazillion of dollars this step does n't work if sufficient developers are flooding the housing market with new housing . 
  and if you 're talking about 1.6 m people ... well , that 's a lot of housing entering the market . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying that there are n't people out there that do n't like organs , and it 's possible that more people eat them across the atlantic , but you can buy beef liver ( which i usually had in the form of [ liver and onions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liver_and_onions ) ) and people put chicken or turkey heart , gizzard , and liver into gravy . 
  keep in mind that the competition is trump . 
  free markets do n't depend on constant growth . 
  states do n't need to prove that they 're capable of that . 
  and an assassination war involving the us would make no sense . 
  it does n't leverage us strengths at all . 
  why would france leaving the euro imply a default ? 
  or is it just that defaulting would be the reason for leaving the euro , so the two would be associated ? 
  i 've wondered what the deal is with visa-free access too , and i 've come up with two guesses : * status . 
  as far as i can tell , there 's status associated with having visa-free access to countries . 
  * easier for people to work under the table . 
  most people illegally in the us are visa overstays . 
  i mean , i do n't think that he 's * wanted * , but even if he were , that would n't really be a compelling counterargument . 
  putin would definitely have diplomatic immunity . 
  countries normally do n't do more than deport diplomats and heads of state for obvious reasons -- if they did n't respect that rule , diplomats and heads of state would n't be willing to travel , and that 's worse for everyone . 
  why would the us ? 
  i always assumed that every language and country worked like that . 
  [ since 410 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end_of_roman_rule_in_britain ) , really . 
  depends on how heritable gullibility is . 
  i have an ( aging ) co-worker who is determined to convince me that hillary clinton is involved with a conspiracy with drug companies to insert toxins into prescription drugs to intentionally cause slow physical deterioration over time so as to produce demand for more drugs . 
  he 's convinced that he should n't use modern drugs . 
  i do n't know whether that theory is a thing -- never could be bothered to look it up -- but it has a marvelously * dr. strangelove * `` purity of bodily essence '' feel to it . 
  in the defense of early anti-vaxxers , early vaccination was really sketchy . 
  pasteur [ stumbled into doing something that was approximately right but got some very critical specifics wrong , and his theory led to downright dangerous moves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_pasteur ) . 
  pasteur thought that he could `` weaken '' the rabies disease by exposing it to various processes . 
  what he should have done is to simply intentionally kill it and be certain that it was dead , and let the body learn to reject the dead organism . 
  instead , he was advocating for infecting people with what he claimed were live samples of a deadly , incurable disease . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3342039/  as geison ( 1995 ) pointed out , pasteur 's expression of surprise and agitation makes sense only in the context of his general theoretical views on infectious diseases and immunity . 
  because of his successes in his studies of the metabolism of living microbes , pasteur naturally extended his microbiological concepts to immunity . 
  linking immunity with the biology of microbes , especially the nutritional requirements of different microbes , he suggested that the tissues of the invaded host might contain only trace amounts of substances required for the growth and survival of the microbe , just as some culture media contained only trace amounts of vital nutrients . 
  if so , the invading microbe might soon exhaust the supply of these trace substances , rendering the host an unsuitable medium for the microbe 's subsequent cultivation . 
  thus , the host would not support the growth of a subsequent infection by the microbe , and would be `` immune . '' also , an attenuated microbe would be one that had been stressed by cultivation , either in vitro or in vivo , in an environment that was limiting in essential nutrients , thereby causing it to lose its virulence . 
    thus , central to pasteur 's conception of immunity , was the biological activity of a living , if attenuated , microbe that depleted the host of essential nutrients . 
  it was toussaint 's claim that he had in fact produced a `` dead '' vaccine against anthrax that moved pasteur to state that `` it overturns all the ideas i had on viruses , vaccines , etc. ''   as one might imagine , given pasteur 's theory , and his statements already made to the academy , his lance had been planted . 
  he could not , and would not , graciously admit that he was wrong .
