  * russia has never accepted this applying to parts of her own country , like chechnya , which very very much wanted to break away . 
  * there are several areas in various other countries bordering russia with russian majorities . 
  to accept this policy would be potentially to accept a rationale that would lead to a similar situation in eu and nato members . 
  * i can always afford to buy off people in a critical bit of a country , like to cut off a waterway ( `` want to join my country ? 
  here 's a million bucks . '', 
  `` sure '' . ) . 
  that 's what being sovereign means -- that you get to make your own decisions , that another country ca n't come in and simply run off with part of your country . 
  normalizing this simply would n't work at an international level . 
  * the us and other countries would never accept other countries adopting a similar approach with her own sovereign territory . 
  if you want to stand for the rule of law , you ca n't simply ignore russia hacking up a country if you 'd object to someone else doing it to yourself . 
   we 're discussing military and security . 
  russia has a lot more to offer what , specifically ? 
   russia also mass massive potential for growth in your line of thinking . 
  what potential for growth ? 
  population ? 
  it 'll be decades before the population implosion stops -- the eu is n't in a good place , but russia 's even worse . 
  gdp ? 
  what are you proposing , that you think that russia is going to suddenly see lots of great , competitive industries showing up ? 
  gotcha , thanks -- also see my edit responding to yours . 
   i agree , i think the euro was a mistake personally . 
  okay , but let me put it this way . 
  do you think that the eu should * ultimately * move to the euro -- that it is a good goal to reach -- and that it was just the implementation that was wrong , bringing in members with dissimilar economies and no fiscal transfer mechanisms ? 
  or do you think that the eu should not at all adopt the euro ( which i guess would make sense if you never want to adopt fiscal transfer mechanisms ) ? 
  like , i think that the eu is better off in a federal environment , but i can understand a `` the order was wrong '' or `` the members selected were wrong '' argument . 
  and you have an eu flag , and most people with those seem to be federalists , so i assume that that 's your take . 
  but there are other people , like a lot of brits , who really do n't seem to want to federalize , and from their set of aims , having different currencies permanently is advantageous . 
  i 'm serious . 
  there are more things valued against the dollar in the world . 
  the usd being large , reliable , and and slow-to-inflate has some benefit in that people are willing to store real wealth tied to it in risky times , but i do n't think that there 's an argument that one has to have a huge currency to function . 
  there are reasons to use the euro versus the lira -- easier to have markets in the eu operating as one without relative prices constantly relatively changing , for example , else every business has to constantly engage in some form of currency speculation -- but i do n't think that need be associated with a smaller currency , that size is the critical characteristic . 
  i 'm not an expert in the economics of currencies . 
  maybe there are intrinsic benefits that i do n't know about . 
  but many countries do seem to operate pretty well with small currencies . 
  so i do n't think that the argument `` small is n't okay '' holds . 
   weaker economy , more expensive to produce goods , thus will need weaker currency to compensate . 
  oh , maybe we 're arguing different points . 
  i was asking why the lira was * worse * . 
  i think that you 're arguing that it would be devalued . 
  and you do n't think that your logic would apply to withdrawing from crimea ? 
   an unruly president can be impeached by the congress if needed not really . 
  impeachment is n't a vote-of-no-confidence , to be done because you do n't like someone . 
  if you 're going to impeach a sitting president , it 's for very specific reasons : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_two_of_the_united_states_constitution#section_4:_impeachment  the president , vice president and all civil officers of the united states , shall be removed from office on impeachment for , and conviction of , treason , bribery , or other high crimes and misdemeanors . 
  unless a president actually commits a crime , they can not be removed from office . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union | item | russia | eu | | - | - | - | | gdp | $ 1.30 t | $ 16.97 t | | population | 146m | 510m | where is this much-greater importance coming from ? 
  russia 's economy * overwhelmingly * depends on being able to trade with the eu . 
  the eu cares about trade with russia , but it 's not the end of the world for them . 
  energy dependence on russia in the eu could be dealt with in a crisis in the eu if need be and is largely driven by in-my-humble-opinion-not-such-a-good-idea `` green '' policies in the eu . 
  russia suffers substantially worse demographic problems , has a low per-capita income , has a non-diversified industry , has no military , intelligence , or similar ties with us as the eu does . 
  what possible common interests exist ? 
  russia 's interest in acquiring land in europe , which puts them at odds with other major countries . 
  china 's staying the hell away from that conflict , because china is n't stupid . 
  edit : as far as i can tell from your comment history , you want us to attack canada , europe , and the rest of our allies , and side with russia . 
  edit2 : as far as i can tell , you 're angry with europe because you feel that the us has n't been appreciated and has been criticized by them -- you 're angry that they slagged us over iraq and similar . 
  fine , i was n't happy with the input from everyone there either , but there 's a pretty substantial difference between not liking being criticized and wanting to radically reposition one 's country . 
   it 's a new world and we 're better off with closer ties to russia and china . 
  russia is largely-irrelevant compared to the eu , and at least what trump has * claimed * he will do to us-china trade is far more threatening to china than anything else going on . 
  gee , that 's generous of him . 
  hmm . 
  what do you mean by `` compete '' here ? 
  oh , sure , i agree . 
  i think that trump is one of the most-willing candidates to make offhand comments that he thinks will sell well without bothering to attach any policy plans to it we 've ever had . 
  i think that people have an inflated view of how much the president 's whims drive policy versus the bureaucracy , which does n't change from administration to administration . 
  i do not think that the us will leave nato . 
  but ... in terms of legal ability to operate in foreign policy , the president has a very free hand . 
  maybe it 's fucked up that you do n't have the death penalty ? 
  actually , in terms of withdrawing from treaties and organizations , i believe that the president can operate pretty much without restriction . 
  signing new treaties requires congressional ratification , but broadly speaking the president runs us foreign policy . 
  i prefer a conservative justice -- the one who was replaced is conservative , and generally scotus is a cautious organization . 
  that 's a silver lining for me . 
  the parties had roughly inverted support bases up until the 1960s , with the democrats being popular in rural states and the republicans having the densely-populated ones . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't think that 's true for any pr system in europe . 
  let 's say that you have 50 seats to divvy up . 
  you have one large party . 
  it gets 36 % of the popular vote . 
  you have 200 small parties . 
  each gets half a percent of the remaining vote , perfect tie . 
  nobody else has enough for a seat . 
  i do n't think that there are any european systems where the large party does n't get majority control -- that is , there 's always some effect that rounds down , whether via threshold or whatnot . 
   the only reason i would n't visit some parts of new york is the real risk of meeting donald trump . 
  -- boris johnson that being said , i think that he 's publicly-insulted pretty much everyone at some point . 
  well , it 's more-diplomatic than '' [ uk parliament debates whether or not to ban donald trump ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3i4j7od_zw ) '' , i guess . 
  [ eh , that 's half a percent to a percent ] ( http://money.cnn.com/data/world_markets/europe/ ) . 
  that 's something , but it 's not * that * big a deal . 
  911 is our universal emergency number in the us , the number you call when something 's going wrong , like 112 in the czech republic . 
  i wonder how trump and duterte will get along . 
  most european leaders seem less excitable . 
  we had a lot of people worried that the us would fall apart because of the lack of a common threat after the american revolutionary war was over . 
  while i think some of the folks here are placing way too much weight on offhand remarks from trump and too little on the degree to which the bureaucracy sets the direction of government , certainly it could be a good time -- maybe the best of times -- for the federalists in the eu . 
  people not doing unneeded jobs has nothing to do with an economy crashing . 
  this is a czech idiom ? 
  they were fairly-peaceful assassinations . 
   should puerto rico continue its current territorial status ? 
  yes or no ? 
  i 'm not saying that the structure did n't favor `` no '' , but the option to retain current status * was * an option . 
  a vote for trump is a vote for eu federalism in a panicked series of treaties !, 
  we must support our federalist friends across the water !, 
  man , invading from the pacific to moscow would be one long-ass ground invasion . 
  aw , that 's sweet , canada . 
  the ancient romans used to have co-emperors .
