  other tidbits , btw :  for the first time in more than a decade a greater share of americans say spending on national defense should be increased ( 35 % ) than say it should be cut back ( 24 % ) . 
  a plurality ( 40 % ) say that spending should be kept roughly the same . 
  [ snip ]  a majority of the public ( 62 % ) continues to approve of the u.s. military campaign against islamic militants in iraq and syria ; fewer ( 33 % ) say they disapprove . 
  support for u.s. military action in iraq and syria has held steady over the course of the past year . 
  [ snip ]  when it comes to the public 's greater concern about u.s. military action in iraq and syria , somewhat more continue to say their greater concern is that the u.s will not go far enough to stop the militants ( 50 % ) than say their greater concern is that the u.s. will go too far getting involved in the situation ( 43 % ) . 
  also , while i 'm reading that poll , possibly of european interest ( given trump 's candidacy ) , us nato membership continues to have overwhelming support :  by large margins , the american public has positive views of nato , the north atlantic treaty organization . 
  fully 77 % say being a member is good for the u.s. , and by about a two-to one-margin , more say they have a favorable view of nato than an unfavorable one ( 53 % vs. 25 % ) . 
  yet the u.s. public is about equally likely to say the alliance is more important to its non-u.s. members ( 37 % ) as to say it is about as important to the u.s. as it is to other member nations ( 41 % ) . 
  few ( 15 % ) consider the nato alliance to be of more import to the u.s. than it is to other member countries . 
    though u.s. allies are largely viewed positively , a sizeable minority of the public expresses some reserve over the broader question of how much allies ' interests should be taken into account in u.s. foreign policy : while roughly half ( 51 % ) say the u.s. should take into account the interests of its allies even if it means making compromises with them , a sizeable minority ( 42 % ) says the u.s. should follow its own interests , even when allies strongly disagree . 
    views of the united nations and the european union remain substantially more positive than negative . 
  and americans continue to say the country 's ties to european nations are more important to the u.s. than ties to asian nations ( 52 % to 32 % ) . 
  i disagree . 
  [ we live in what is probably the most-peaceful time in human history ] ( http://reason.com/archives/2012/01/11/the-decline-of-violence ) ; our gut instinct from television news broadcasting a far-away massacre is not very good at judging what the actual deaths from violence are . 
  that has to be the most difficult-possible way to deal with legal issues . 
  * is * france letting them ? 
  that 'd be some impressively-poor operational security . 
   eastern europe and russia have taken it to a whole new level when you say `` eastern europe '' , which countries are you referring to ? 
  like , you mean that estonian football fans have issues with hooliganism ? 
  he 's not very diplomatic , but i 've noticed that legislative representatives around the world have been known to make less-than-diplomatic comments . 
  at the end of the day , it 's not his job to be the official spokesman for the russian state , and his words probably amount to whatever he thinks will be popular with the people in russia that he represents . 
  now , if foreign minister * lavrov * made the same statement , that would be a different matter . 
   because each and every country would like to protect their industry , but the only way to make international trade possible is to concede part of your interests . 
  no , i mean that it was n't considered to be a significant factor to consider in establishing restrictions , whereas things like dumping that have a somewhat similar role were . 
   because us is absolute leader in almost everything , therefore has almost no infant industries . 
  every emerging field involves an infant industry . 
  some startups involve some workers leaving existing companies , convinced that they can do better , but how many major tech companies built from startups today relied on some sort of extensive inside-the-industry experience ? 
  the google folks or the facebook folks build a successful new product without being a splinter from existing companies . 
   for china it would cost nothing to buy a tech company like amd , but us government would never allow it . 
  so if china wants to have some high-end technology sector they must take steps which are not - entirely free-marketish . 
  a good deal of the chip industry * does * happen overseas -- a friend of mine ( who , i might add , used to be a chip engineer at amd ) was commenting to me just the other week how much of chip design * has * shifted to east asia and how low wages have gotten . 
  if a country wants to develop an industry for strategic reasons , there 's no need to establish import tariffs to try to make consumers in the country subsidize development of something -- it can subsidize development of the technology in question . 
   no , there are some things that us should do in the next decade unless you want to collapse . 
  and this is to stop shipping jobs outside your country . 
  well , this is a political rephrasing of `` limit trade '' -- it 's put that way when advocating for import restrictions to workers in industries that are closing up , since their main interest is in jobs created via trade barriers . 
  and there i do n't think that i 'd agree -- outside of technological advancement and automation , one of the major factors driving growth in the us is harnessing previously under-used labor overseas . 
  if i choose to purchase steel produced in china rather than the us , i can get it more cheaply than would be the case otherwise . 
  by doing that , i drive gains in all industries that make use of steel . 
  that 's `` shipping jobs overseas '' -- at one point , the us had to manufacture a lot of its steel locally , with expensive labor . 
  but because of that trade , it 's far cheaper . 
  the us still gets the steel that it wants , but it does so less-expensively . 
  there will still be us industrial activity in some form , but now it will be in an export-oriented field that maintains a long-term trade balance . 
  there may be winners and losers in the us -- maybe a steel worker is worse off , and apple makes more money by exporting an iphone to china . 
  but the * overall * change for the us in engaging in trade where the unencumbered market would choose to do so is a net positive . 
   because in the end of the day you lower your consumers capacity with that and therefore the importance of the whole us market , that paired with gigantic trade deficit is not sustainable and a recipe for a disaster at some point . 
  maintaining a trade deficit is n't sustainable forever , i agree . 
  but that 's no problem -- the market will correct that on its own , as any ongoing trade deficit makes it increasingly-inexpensive to hire us workers ( via the dollar weakening and reducing real wages for us workers relative to the rest of the world or via companies going out of business and hiring people in the us at lower wages relative to the rest of the world ) . 
  as the us becomes increasingly price-competitive relative to other countries over time , countries will import more from the us , and the trade balance will head towards zero . 
  realistically , i think that hiv rates are probably a comparatively-minor factor relative to other issues . 
  it would be possible to address hiv via policy to some degree . 
  i spoke to / u/savannajeff a while back on this -- he specializes in international trade -- and his summary was that the [ infant industry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infant_industry ) justification for trade was not considered to be a compelling one today by people who make trade agreements . 
  you can indeed find specific economists who would support it , but i do n't believe that there 's consensus support for this being a good policy to drive trade barriers . 
  at the end of the day , though ... well , it 's your economy . 
  and they 're complex enough that there will probably always be some undiscovered surprises . 
  i can say that i would not support an infant industry rationale in the us today , and my guess is that were the us ( or another country ) to do this , it would tend to be a net negative to its economy ... but , at the end of the day , it 's only really via countries willing to be guinea pigs that we learn something . 
   superpacs are for people not associated with the campaigns to support the campaigns , without having to support every single position of that candidate . 
  they actually create more opportunities for people to demonstrate their positions : many superpacs are single-issue superpacs , so they can , say , support ted cruz on his gun stance , but not other things . 
  for people in systems with voting systems that promote more parties and coalition formations : ngos take on much of this `` activist '' role in the us system , with us parties looking more like coalitions in parliamentary systems . 
  i do n't buy that there 's something intrinsic to russia that makes that impossible , and `` never '' is a long time . 
  a hundred years ago , russia was a monarchy . 
  three hundred years ago , pretty much the whole world was . 
  that being said , i think that the attacks on ukraine have probably realistically pushed this off into the future by at least decades , even under the most-rapid transformation . 
  germany took quite some time and effort to rebuild trust in europe . 
  germany would n't have been accepted any time soon after annexing the sudetenland . 
  even if russia hypothetically transformed , it would almost certainly require time as a `` good actor '' to build trust . 
  under current eu rules , any eu member can veto accession . 
  my guess is that that will be a hard bar to meet for the foreseeable future . 
  i am confident that more-than-one eu members will see russian membership as a net negative for quite some time to come , and that 's the bar that has to be met . 
  until the countries in the eu say , without exception , `` we trust russia ; we feel that we would be better off in a union with russia ; we want russia in '' , russia wo n't wind up in . 
  that being said , i suspect that there * are * arrangements with the eu that would be accepted before then , like trade agreements . 
  my guess is that any such move to eu membership would be a gradual one anyway , and certainly russia could receive some of the benefits before she has eu membership . 
  if i impose restrictions on imports in an industry , it * will * tend to make that domestic industry more profitable . 
  but it will do so by weakening other domestic industries by at least as much , since now they are less competitive . 
  freedom of movement and labor may result in a dramatic change in existing eu members if many of the poorest countries in the world joined the eu . 
  does n't work : * it is very hard to defend if someone can buy out arbitrary patches of your country . 
  * certain areas ( e.g. 
  rivers ) wind up with a country buying a single patch of it , and then taxing all traffic going through . 
  * countries become unwilling to invest in infrastructure in an area , because they could lose it all . 
  * even without forced population transfers , it 's always possible to adopt policies that cause people to shift indirectly . 
  i mean , i agree to the extent of pointing out that a `` what would it take for you to recognize the land we took as ours '' proposal is one-sided and asking that russia accept it as a universal policy applying to land transfers in the other direction illustrates that , but i do n't think that a policy based on ongoing secession actually works particularly well . 
   not if russia is forced to fully ( financially ) compensate ukraine for its loss of territory . 
  well , the obvious issue is that russia has every reason to pay less than the actual value of crimea and donbas . 
  however , if russia is going to pay the full rate , there 's a very easy way to do that . 
  russia withdraws from crimea and donbas today and ukraine 's borders are respected by both sides . 
  ukraine re-establishes authority . 
  then russia makes an offer . 
  if it 's at or more than the value of the land to ukraine , ukraine will certainly accept . 
  that would be a market rate for transfer of the land in question . 
  no violence needed , sanctions on russia end today . 
  my guess is that the reason that this did n't happen from the get-go is because russia has no intention of paying the full price for the land in question and knows this . 
   no nation is an island not , perhaps , the best metaphor to use when talking about the uk ... 
   because no the polish guy and the swiss guy do not have a better idea why they 're voting . 
  / u/miribus was n't talking about the justifications voters have -- where obviously voters are authoritative -- but but rather what the result of the vote will entail , where people familiar with the international relations involved are probably more on top of things . 
  whether-or-not britain leaves the eu is probably the single most important thing to happen to the eu within the year . 
  look , everyone has their own interests , and brexit discussion does n't block your own . 
  your last submission to / r/europe was :  * [ did illegal workers from croatia and slovenia help tesla expand its factory in california ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4npud0/did_illegal_workers_from_croatia_and_slovenia/ ) my guess is that there are equally people on / r/europe who have little interest in that -- my guess is that it is mostly california ex-nummi union workers that would get up in arms about it . 
  everyone 's got their own set of concerns . 
  the votes will decide what people are interested in -- if you want other content , just submit it . 
   i do n't even think most of the christians left in this country give a fuck what he thinks .
