  * dublin attempted to leave refugees in greece and italy ( and eliminate some pull factors , yes ) . 
  * because it was forced through ( i imagine `` greece , accept dublin or we stop subsidies '' or similar came up ) , eu members who did n't like that policy ( like greece ) had no interest in actually implementing it . 
  and other eu members and the confederation authority itself had no authority to do what was required to enforce it . 
  so greece kept ignoring registration of refugees passing through . 
  ditto for italy . 
  the whole eu would benefit most from intercepting people at the shore and having a record of who is moving around and a chance to detain them until they have been evaluated ... but because a structure has been created where that harms italian and greek interests ( i.e. 
  the registration would very likely be used as evidence to make refugees the problem of italy and greece ) , it does not happen . 
  * some members ( e.g. 
  poland ) are hell-bent against letting refugees from mena into the eu , but have no form of direct influence over those who have a higher tolerance for them and can let them in ( e.g. 
  germany ) . 
  * some members ( e.g. 
  hungary ) wanted to just build a wall , and let refugees stream by on the outside . 
  solves their problem . 
  * some members ( e.g. 
  croatia ) wanted to just let people pass in one side and pass out again to avoid being stuck with refugees . 
  * some members with natural barriers ( e.g. 
  uk ) are most-concerned about establishing barriers so that refugees ca n't get to them in particular . 
  * some members ( e.g. 
  germany ) who were destinations could n't block up their own borders easily wanted redistribution to other countries . 
  * throwing greece under the bus by just dumping refugees back there seems to have come up again . 
  * most countries individually clearly do n't want to actually conform to the refugee convention ... but they also do n't want the political awkwardness of repealing it and adopting something revised . 
  the eu has some common interests in that the eu as a whole would benefit from not having people flooding in . 
  but the eu does not have a common policy on the matter -- eu member states have not worked as one and with the goal of protecting the interests of all member states together . 
  juncker or tusk or whoever does not say `` okay , this is what we 're going to do , and we 're all going to work together '' . 
  they are n't unified , though -- each member has a veto , and they simply are all moving in the same direction at the moment . 
  member states have independently engaged in negotiations with russia . 
  that 's actually a substantial limitation in that any foreign policy that requires unanimity is only as strong as the weakest link -- many foreign policies that would be advantageous to the whole of the eu can not happen because only foreign policy that is advantageous to each and every eu member may happen . 
  it is n't that i was thinking of a single one ( though thanks for the two you mentioned ) . 
  i was looking over a list of historic confederations the other day and wondering how they solved some of the issues that face the eu . 
  foreign policy is n't a new problem , so they would have had to deal with it somehow as well ... and it 's possible that one had some sort of better solution than the modern-day eu . 
  the [ dutch republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_republic ) was one of the most-long-running and successful confederations . 
  [ looking online ] ( http://faculty.history.wisc.edu/sommerville/351/351-08.htm ) , it looks like they unified foreign policy and the military :  the government of the united provinces was decentralized . 
  each province controlled its own internal affairs . 
  within each province the towns were also largely self-governing . 
  only foreign policy , the army and some religious matters were controlled by the provinces jointly . 
  but they kept the rest separate . 
  they did not federalize . 
  so it 's clearly possible for that to work to at least some extent in a confederation . 
  it 's very different from what , say , the us looks like or most countries around the world have looked like ... but i 'm not sold that it would be impossible to have a single foreign policy across a confederation today . 
  i do agree with you that to have an eu army in a meaningful sense ( not just slapping some labels on something or doing what nato already achieves , but at smaller scale ) , a single foreign policy is really necessary , though . 
  you do bring up a point about dissimilarity , though . 
  my guess is that the military concerns of eu member states do differ quite a bit more than those of the united provinces . 
  the problem is that if you are n't going to unify interests , if countries are all still making independent decisions on what to do with those militaries , you are still stuck with duplication of effort -- if i can not count on other members going along with me to protect my interests , then i can not eliminate the industries and structures that i must have to support those interests . 
   and there 'll never be an eu foreign policy . 
  * i 'm not sure . 
  what did historic confederations do ? 
  * the eu could federalize and that would mean a single foreign policy . 
   people start to have enough of basically paying for tax dodging by multinationals . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i think that the eu would benefit by establishing an eu-level tax to fund certain things that need to be funded across the eu or by closing up loopholes in its `` minimum tax '' scheme . 
  making changes with a retroactive effect , as happened with apple , though , makes it very hard for companies to know what they can trust . 
  that 's what i 'd say is n't a good idea . 
  well , i 'd agree on the unions harming british industry leading up to thatcher . 
  [ toe the line ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toe_the_line ), 
  i 'd support free trade . 
  but ... this sounds kinda like a sort of moralizing . 
  the terminology is n't what you 'd expect from someone who 's ... well , he 's talking about being flabby , not about eliminating economic inefficiencies . 
  and he 's trading a high degree of access to a lot of nearby economy in the eu -- rapid access , cheap access , similar timezone , no regulatory or legal barriers -- for lesser access to economies further away . 
  that does n't seem to make much of an economic argument for brexit . 
  and there 's a lot of one-off costs of shifting to meet the needs of countries abroad . 
  the uk already paid a lot of one-off costs to shift to meet the needs and regulatory requirements of the eu 's market . 
  paying them again , as companies go out of business and new ones are formed , is gon na have a cost as people and resources are idled for a time . 
  i 'd guess , though i do n't know what economic consensus is on the matter , that dissimilar economies gain more by trading with each other ( e.g. 
  if you have lots of natural resources and i have few , and you have low-wage workers with a particular level and type of skill and i have high-wage workers fo that same sort ) . 
  that 'd maximize the effect of [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) , which is the basis for engaging in free trade . 
  so maybe that 'd support brexit . 
  i just have a hard time seeing the uk coming out better-off in terms of real wealth from brexit . 
  does n't seem to have produced a highly-devout population down the line . 
  the brexiteers who were wanting a more-protectionist uk are in for one heck of a rough ride . 
  hmm . 
  would you say that john bolton caused the us to be better-placed internationally ? 
  not under us or canadian legal doctrine . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/long-arm_jurisdiction see the canadian and us sections . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_jurisdiction_in_internet_cases_in_the_united_states the most relevant bits here seem to basically say that someone allegedly infringing on a trademark in location a of someone holding that trademark in location b is not subject.to location b 's jurisdiction . 
   `` i ca n't see how you can abolish geo-blocking and continue to protect copyright , '' martin moszkowicz , of germany 's constantin film told the hollywood reporter , referring to web users that are denied access to content from their home websites when outside their country . 
  geoblocking permits for [ price discrimination ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/price_discrimination ) . 
  my understanding is price discrimination is not inherently [ economically-inefficient ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_efficiency ) . 
  what price discrimination does is to shift [ economic surplus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_surplus ) from the consumer to the producer . 
  however , an efficient market only maximizes the sum of the two , so it can happen with no shift in market efficiency . 
  it will , however , make the particular industry that is enjoying the surplus much larger at the cost of other industries that would have received the spending . 
   another change would force internet portals such as google or reddit to pay newspaper publishers a licence fee when using small extracts or snippets of news content -- most notably on google news or huffington post . 
  it 's not how the us works , and it seems to me that there would be enforcement issues , but i suppose that it 's possible to have a different system that works well here . 
  you 'd have less european social media and have more people paying directly online for it , though . 
  like , maybe reddit and similar becomes not viable in europe without a subscription fee . 
  that 's not inherently a non-viable model , though . 
   one reason i oppose such agreements is , that the eu is in many industries internally competitive only because of fees and duties for the outside suppliers . 
  solar panels and steel imports from china , pharmaceuticals from india come to mind . 
  that is a goal of trade -- inefficient businesses on each side will go out of business , with the resulting outcome having the most-efficient remaining ones available to people on each side , with the resultant whole better-off . 
  the degree of education and specialization in the us has skyrocketed over the past hundred years . 
  i doubt that the trend will change now . 
   there is a growing public backlash in the west against free trade and globalisation , which critics blame for factory closures , depressed wages and a widening gap between rich and poor . 
  britain 's decision to leave the european union was partly seen as a protest by some voters against globalisation . 
  labor-intensive manufacturing does n't make much sense in the west . 
  why not let the incentives available to the market recognize that fact so that labor can be reallocated ? 
  freeze economic pressures by banning automobiles and you could preserve the jobs of those working for buggy manufacturers ... but also freeze the country 's standard of living in that era . 
  people would stay in and keep entering an industry that there 's no sense in them actually working in . 
  i 'm not sure that i like the idea of criminal cases versus civil . 
  civil cases create incentives for companies as a while into the future . 
  criminal cases create situations where potentially scapegoats can be established . 
  the former is more likely to align the company 's interests with those of regulators .
