   `` hyperloop can improve life dramatically for the 16 million people in the greater moscow area , cutting their commute to a fraction of what it is today , '' hmm . 
  the originally-envisioned purpose of hyperloop was a long-distance ( ~ 380mi , ~ 610km ) , no-stops , high-throughput link between cities . 
  it 's not clear to me how much it buys a regional commuter system . 
  if the concern is about the existence of these , why would those concerns be in any way specific to free trade agreements , then ? 
  there are regulatory decisions made about industry produced all the time which are not subject to referendum , or even ( directly ) dealt with by elected officials . 
  http://www.atlantic-community.org/-/is-the-european-union-more-precautionary-than-the-us -  the researchers have expanded the number and diversity of qualitative case studies to risk connected to food safety ( genetically modified foods , beef hormones , mad cow disease ) , air pollution , climate change , nuclear power , tobacco , chemicals , marine and terrestrial biodiversity , medical safety , terrorism and precaution embodied in risk information disclosure and risk assessment systems . 
  in addition to detailed case studies , they also presented a broad quantitative analysis of specific precaution based on a sample of 100 risks drawn from a dataset of nearly 3000 risks from the 1970s up to 2004 in both the usa and the eu . 
    the results suggest that the degree of precaution exhibited in european and american risk regulation is very similar . 
  averaging across the 100 risks sample in a 35 year period , there are 36 risks that show greater us precaution and 31 risks that show greater eu precaution . 
    some risk regulations do indeed reflect greater european precaution since 1990 , namely : genetically modified foods , hormones in beef , toxic chemicals and climate change . 
  but their qualitative findings suggest greater relative us precaution since 1990 , namely in the sector of fine particulate matter air pollution , smoking tobacco , mad cow disease ( especially in blood donations ) , information disclosure systems , embryonic stem cell research , youth violence and terrorism . 
  [ snip ]  precaution may therefore not be seen directly as a dividing line for transatlantic discord . 
  the hybridization in risk regulation across the atlantic provides an interesting ground for potential reduction of discrepancies in precaution administration in the framework of the ttip negotiations . 
  however , as pascal lamy states , the only way to deal with fears about `` precaution dumping '' would be for negotiators to commit to not touch each other 's regulatory norms or adopt the highest existing level of protection on each side . 
  rather than fearing that the eu might trade away the principle of precaution , it could be seen as an opportunity to strengthen regulatory collaboration and to provide more transparency on the use of the precautionary principle . 
  to be totally honest , i think that impact on ttip is one of the smaller impacts that a brexit would have . 
   job security is clearly a massive problem , too . 
  i saw a good quote once : ' i had one job all my life . 
  my son will have had seven jobs in his lifetime . 
  his son will have seven jobs at the same time . ', 
  but is that a negative ? 
  i mean , imagine a society where no company is permitted to go out of business ( and thus lay people off ) , and no person may be fired . 
  yes , that has some plusses . 
  there 's a more-predictable source of income , and that lets people live closer to their income limit , for example . 
  but the flip side is that there 's little way for society to reallocate that labor , barring someone dying of old age and someone else being born and entering the labor force -- a long , and slow process . 
  you wind up with too many people doing one thing , and not enough another . 
  they went off to make america great again !, 
  i took a rather understated way of putting the friction , actually . 
  you may see parallels to today 's concerns in western europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_poles_in_the_united_states#early_perceptions  the immigrants of the late 19th-early 20th century wave were very different from those who arrived in the united states earlier . 
  by and large , those who arrived in the early 19th century were nobility and political exiles ; those in the wave of immigration were largely poor , uneducated , and willing to settle for manual labor positions . 
  pseudoscientific studies were conducted on polish immigrants in the early 20th century , most notably by carl brigham . 
  in a study of human intelligence , which relied heavily on english aptitude tests from the u.s. military , brigham concluded that poles have inferior intelligence and their population would dilute the superior `` nordic '' american stock . 
  his data was highly damning towards blacks , italians , jews , and other slavs . 
  [ 97 ] [ 98 ] [ 99 ] a united states congress joint immigration commission study prepared on polish americans cited similar studies and said poles were undesirable immigrants because of their `` inherently unstable personalities '' . 
  [ 100 ] in a historical text examining poland , nevin winter described in 1913 that `` an extremeness in temperament is a characteristic of the slav '' and asserting this view as an inborn and unchangeable personality trait in poles as well as russians . 
  [ 101 ] [ discuss ] future u.s. president woodrow wilson called poles , hungarians , and italians , in his 1902 history of the american people , `` men of the meaner sort '' who possessed `` neither skill nor energy nor any initiative of quick intelligence . '', 
  he later called these groups less preferable than the chinese immigrants . 
  [ 102 ] wilson later apologized , and met publicly with polish-american leaders . 
  [ 103 ] the 1916 book the passing of the great race similarly drew on intelligence studies of immigrants such as the poles to argue that american civilization was in decline and society as a whole would suffer from a steady increase in inferior intelligence . 
  [ 104 ]   polish ( and italian ) immigrants demonstrated high fecundity in the united states , and in a u.s. congress report in 1911 , poles were noted as having the single highest birth rate . 
  the 1911 dillingham commission had a section devoted to the fecundity of immigrant women , using data from the 1900 census . 
  as per dillingham 's findings , there were 40 births per 1,000 polish people , whereas the non-polish birth rate was closer to 14 per 1,000 . 
  historians debate the accuracy and sample group of this data , as many polish immigrants arrived young and of child-bearing age , whereas other ethnics had a lengthy and sustained immigration policy with the united states , meaning multiple generations existed . 
  [ 105 ] in reports , the birth rate was very high for poles and by 1910 , the number of children born to polish immigrants was larger than the number of arriving polish immigrants . 
  in polish communities such as rural minnesota , nearly three-fourths of all polish women had at least 5 children . 
  the polish american baby boom lasted from 1906 to 1915 and then fell dramatically , as many of the immigrant mothers had passed out of their prime childbearing age . 
  this was the highest birth rate for american poles documented in the united states . 
  during the 1920s and 1930s , polish americans were coming of age , developing ethnic fraternal organizations , baseball leagues , summer camps , scouting groups , and other youth activities . 
  in large parts of minnesota and michigan , over half the population was under sixteen years old . 
  polish youths created nearly 150 street gangs in chicago in the 1920s , and in detroit and chicago , created the single largest group of inmates in juvenile prisons . 
  [ 105 ] [ snip ]  immigration from poland was primarily conducted at ellis island , new york , although some people entered via castle garden and to a lesser extent , in baltimore . 
  ellis island developed an infamous reputation among polish immigrants and their children . 
  an american reporter in the 1920s found that polish immigrants were treated as `` third class '' , and were subject to humiliation , profanity , and brutality at ellis island . 
  the cleveland polish language daily wiadomo\u015bci codzienne ( polish daily news ) reported that officers at ellis island demanded women to strip from the waist up in public view . 
  [ 108 ] the immigration of paupers was forbidden by the u.s. congress beginning with the immigration act of 1882 . 
  [ 109 ] a newsman at castle garden found in a single ship of arriving passengers , 265 were `` poles and slavonians '' , and 60 were detained as `` destitute and likely to become public charges . 
  '' [ 110 ] polish americans were disgusted by the immigration act of 1924 which restricted polish immigration to 1890 levels , when there was no polish nation . 
  a polish american newspaper stated , '' ... if the americans wish to have more germans and fewer slavs , why do n't they admit that publicly !? '', 
  it further went to examine the recent world war with germany , which was america 's enemy , whereas the polish had been patriotic and loyal to the u.s. armed services . 
  [ 108 ] polish americans were unconvinced that the immigration decreases of the 1920s were for the `` protection '' of american workers , and polish language newspapers reflected their distrust and suspicion of racial undertones behind immigration legislation . 
  [ snip ]  polish immigration was increasing rapidly in the early 20th century until 1911 when it was drastically cut by new legislation . 
  immigration from europe was cut severely in 1911 , and the quota for polish immigrants was shrunk drastically . 
  poles were restricted from coming to the united states for decades , and only after world war ii were the immigration laws reversed . 
  [ snip ]  american nativism countered the immigration and assimilation of poles into the united states . 
  in 1923 , carl brigham dismissed the poles as inferior in intelligence . 
  he even defended his assertions against popular support for ko\u015bciuszko and pulaski , well-known polish heroes from the american revolution , stating , `` careless thinkers [ ... ] select one or two striking examples of ability from a particular group , and [ believe ] that they have overthrown an argument based on the total distribution of ability . '', 
  orators `` can not alter the distribution of the intelligence of the polish immigrant . 
  all countries send men of exceptional ability to america , but the point is that some send fewer than others . 
  '' [ 161 ]   polish communities in the united states were targeted by nativist groups and sympathizers during the 1920s . 
  in white deer , texas , where poles were virtually the only ethnic minority , polish children had near-daily fights with other schoolchildren , and southerners imitated their parents in calling them `` polocks and damn catholics '' . 
  [ 162 ] the ku klux klan in particular rose in numbers and political activity during the 1920s , leading parades , protests , and violence in polish american neighborhoods . 
  on may 18 , 1921 , about 500 white-robed , torch-bearing members from houston took a train to brenham , texas and marched carrying signs such as `` speak english or quit talking on brenham 's streets '' . 
  [ 163 ] physical attacks on german americans were more common than for poles , who were not as politically active in brenham . 
  [ snip ]  the polish today are well assimilated into american society . 
  average incomes have increased from well below average to above average today , and poles continue to expand into white-collar professional and managerial roles . 
  poles are still well represented in blue collar construction and industrial trades , and many live in or near urban cities . 
  they are well dispersed throughout the united states , intermarry at high levels , and have a very low rate of language fluency ( less than 5 % can speak polish ) . 
  [ 3 ] so unless there 's a strong argument for why things would work out differently in western europe , i think that there 's a decent reason to think that similar concern over being overwhelmed and competition for jobs and wanting to restrict immigration will show up , same as the existing citizens in the us had at that time ... but also that things will likely wind up [ working out pretty happily in the end of the day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_americans ) . 
  every large wave of immigration catches flak from the existing population , but thus far , things have worked out pretty well . 
  < shrug  just human nature . 
  and with the benefit of hindsight , my guess is that probably everyone would have had it better had there been less outcry and friction at the time . 
  i 'm not going to claim that , say , the british situation with polish immigration is * identical * . 
  that 's too strong of a claim . 
  there are always differences , and people who say that `` this is different from america '' might point to the existence of long-standing separate national groups , or maybe technological change in society , or something else . 
  but i would bet quite a bit of money that polish immigration to the uk will look an awful lot like polish immigration to the us -- it 'll work out just fine , and in retrospect , down the road , the potential catastrophes that people raised at the time look silly in retrospect ... and unnecessarily damaging to relations between people . 
  anyway , expecting the uk to take a different view is , perhaps , expecting it to hew to an unrealistic bar , to act differently than the us did when faced with waves of immigration : everyone worries about their job and their culture and all that . 
  it 's just that i hope that being able to see past mistakes in the us might avoid potentially-unnecessary pain in the uk . 
  we got [ steve wozniak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_wozniak ) and [ richard feynman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_feynman ) and similar folks out of it -- it 'd have been a terrible loss for the us had the poles never come over . 
  < looks shiftily around  want some ferrero rocher ? 
  well , that 's a pretty fine point of the bureaucratic structure . 
  the cia ca n't just run off and do whatever it wants , which is kind of the impression i feel that your comment was giving . 
  < examines the page  the cia does n't have its director appointed directly by the president -- it does n't have a politician as its head , but rather a bureaucrat . 
  but the director of central intelligence reports to the president ( and to the national security advisor , who reports to the president ) . 
  i think that a lot of people would object to things happening in game of thrones in the real , modern world . 
  ... i disagree . 
  what is your source for claiming that ? 
  the series also has the eu apparently asking russia to invade to do the eu 's dirty work , and apparently the us government conspiring to avoid having to drop neutrality and get involved to the point of drugging the protagonist . 
  not just russia being underhanded , looks like . 
  a series that apparently has the american ambassador feeding the protagonist knockout drugs in ferrero rocher to shut him up ? 
  if so , they are n't very good at it .
