  ... i do n't see how this follows , for two reasons : * the document seems to mention opt-ins in many areas . 
  it may be that i 'm taking too-generous an interpretation or missing something , but certainly , aside from a few areas , it does not give the impression that it is mandatory . 
  * i do n't see how the british are somehow trapped into federalization . 
  they have the same voice , powers , and authority that they did before . 
  even if there is mandatory federalization here ( which does not appear to be the case to my eyes ) , they still have the option to leave or to veto , the same as they always did . 
   not only could they not leave i do n't see why not . 
   will the brits let themselves be humiliated like the greeks ? 
  i know that you 're eurosceptic , and maybe i 'm just taking a friendlier reading , but i 'm just not seeing anything like what you 're talking about here . 
  there is n't an explicit `` this is not mandatory '' on everything in the document , true , and there are a few `` this * must * be mandatories '' , but i do n't see anything that seems unreasonable -- they want to tie themselves more-closely . 
  and going further , i think that the idea that the uk is in some status where it can not leave and can not do anything but be federalized is , well , rather silly . 
  ... okay , so just to clarify , your concern is that germany and france might merge into one state and that other members could n't stop this , or that germany and france will require other states to merge ? 
  i can see the former but not the latter . 
  in fact , i think that it 's pretty explicit in allowing countries * not * to tie themselves more-deeply if they do n't want . 
   our two countries share a common destiny and a common set of values that provide the foundation for an ever closer union between our peoples . 
  we will therefore move further towards political union in europe and invite the other europeans to join us in this endeavour . 
  [ snip ]  to that end , we need to recognize that member states differ in their levels of ambition member state when it comes to the project of european integration . 
  while not stepping back from what we have achieved , we have to find better ways of dealing with different levels of ambition so as to ensure that europe delivers better on the expectations of all european citizens . 
   ... eu conduct regular reviews of its strategic environment ... these reviews will be supported by an independent situation assessment capability , based on the eu intelligence and situation centre and expertise from outside european institutions , with production of strategic and intelligence analysis approved at european level ... on the basis of this common understanding , the european union should establish agreed strategic priorities for its foreign and security policy , in accordance with european interests . 
  okay , so they 're setting up a common eu intelligence apparatus and a single foreign policy . 
  true , it does n't say that it 's not mandatory , but it does n't indicate that it is . 
   ... eu ... permanent civil-military chain of command ... common financing for its operations ... member states willing to establish permanent structured cooperation in the field of defence or to push ahead to launch operations should be able to do so in a flexible manner . 
  if needed , eu member states should consider establishing standing maritime forces or acquiring eu-owned capabilities in other areas . 
  that looks explicitly optional . 
   european member states should reaffirm and abide by the commitments made collectively on defence budgets and the portion of spending dedicated to the procurement of equipment and to research and technology ( r&t ) . 
  unless there are additional explicit eu guarantees , i 'm assuming that this is referencing nato 's 2 % commitment . 
  not sure whether this is asking for those commitments to be made mandatory . 
  not familiar with the r&d and procurement spending promises , so maybe there are european guarantees . 
  nothing here looks new , though -- it 's just asking states to live up to commitments . 
   ... encourage member states to discuss the priorities of their respective military spending plans ... 
  does n't sound mandatory , and permits for coordination and specialization in an area . 
   ... transport safety ... cooperation with third countries in north africa ... to address the root causes of terrorism , france and germany will develop a european platform to share experience and best practice in preventing and counteracting radicalization . 
  again , unless it interacts with transportation standards , does n't sound mandatory . 
   ... creation of a european platform for intelligence cooperation , fully respecting national prerogatives and using the current frameworks ; improvement of data exchange ... at least given a * casual * reading , it does n't sound like the author is trying to create the impression that this is mandatory . 
   ... enlarge the scope of the european public prosecutor 's office in future ... to include fighting terrorism and organised crime . 
  this would require harmonization of criminal law among the member states . 
  okay , * that * might be mandatory , and that would be a big deal if so ( though if it 's able to operate as an anti-corruption force , might be very popular ) . 
   ... establishing truly integrated european asylum , refugee , and migration policy . 
  given the urgency of the matter , we should not rule out the possibility of a group of member states that share a sense of common responsibility making progress on common policies . 
  well , i absolutely agree that at the bare minimum , there has to be a certain degree of additional integration if members are going to have freedom of movement and freedom of labor -- countries need a mechanism to put caps on citizenship grants by another member . 
  maybe someone might object that going further than that is necessary . 
  but it does n't sound like , at least in the short term , this is mandatory . 
  i 'll grant that the long-term goal could very well be mandatory , given the phrasing . 
  on asylum :  asylum seekers reaching europe have a right to be treated according to the geneva convention no matter where they reach our shores ... permanent and binding mechanism which foresees burden sharing among all member states ... 
  i 'm less-enthralled on this one . 
  i think that the refugee convention could really benefit from revision , and i think that this really does not do a good job of solving the problem and will create major political pressure . 
  i * do * think that at least in schengen , interior states should reasonably need to be burdened as much as border states . 
  their external border * is * now the border state . 
  i am not at all convinced that `` simply start sending refugees to live in various countries in the eu '' is the best mechanism for that , though i do agree that whatever mechanism is adopted probably does need to be mandatory -- same as other eu members need to militarily-support , say , estonia or financially-support romania , other eu members need to support , say , greece on border issues . 
  however , i 'll concede that this is clearly mandatory . 
  this is , however , nothing terribly new -- this has been raised before , and so it 's at least not a surprise . 
   we have to acknowledge that the requirements of membership and the fiscal implications stemming fromm the common currency have been higher than one could have expected when the euro was founded . 
  we must therefore respect the wish of others to decide on their own when to join the euro . 
  this sounds like , if anything , extending more flexibility to other states on what to do as regards the euro -- if they need to do so , they can use something other than the euro . 
   to overcome the crisis , the euro area has to enter into a renewed phase of economic convergence ... surplus and deficit countries will have to move , as a one-sided alignment is politically unfeasible . 
  i do n't understand what this means ( import and export surplus ? 
  move how , to this new system ? 
  ) , though it sounds mandatory -- this might be a system of fiscal transfers . 
  if i missed the point of your concern , which is it ? 
  i 'm not following you . 
  where 's the trick ? 
  the high points of this document seem to be : * proposes franco-german continued military and foreign policy integration . 
  * basically reiterates the major points of the refugee crisis , highlighting the issues to address and recommends taking steps to shift people away from the asylum system for immigration to europe . 
  * further eurozone convergence . 
  aside from the eurozone issues , mandatory bits seem to center around germany and france . 
  unless your objection is to franco-german integration , what here is causing you concern ? 
  well , to be fair , that was market capitalization of companies , not government revenues . 
  and in the long term , the market will wind up reflecting whatever actually is the case , not jump around on predicted behavior . 
  not necessarily , if he can produce some sort of remotely-plausible change in circumstances such that his previous plan would have worked brilliantly , but now just ca n't * quite * make it through . 
  the us does this on amnesty for illegal immigrants/immigration reform to create a path to citizenship for them , and manages with dogged persistence to never quite manage to pass a vote or quite get the majority required , while letting the necessary legislators register their votes and positions . 
  i expect that other countries have their own areas of valiant attempts that just fall short . 
  nigel explicitly-said that it would not be , were the count to be where it is now . 
  admittedly , he probably expected a remain by that narrow margin , but ... 
  nothing in uk law prevents it at all and thus far no action has been taken towards leaving from an eu standpoint , so that 's no barrier . 
  the question is a political one -- whether your leaders are willing to take the politically-damaging route of ignoring an explicit request that a pm had promised would be followed . 
  my guess is that if the will exists , the best route would be to delay activation , which is much politically-safer -- no guarantee was given there . 
  in that time , it may be possible to alleviate some of the pressures that drove the vote . 
  then , at a time when the public is less adverse , issue a new referendum that takes into account new information ( e.g. 
  that scotland will leave as part of the package and that the package will not entail stopping immigration within the eu ) . 
   i do n't think some bloke from romania on reddit is gon na predict anything . 
  what does him being from romania have to do with it ? 
  he apparently lives in ireland , not the us . 
  well , he * could * have been using `` effect '' correctly , if the referendum resulted in the creation of a new , eu-wide language . 
  pretty old average age on that protest . 
  fair enough -- i 'm used to `` right is more free-trade , left is more protectionist '' , but i guess that that certainly does n't have to hold . 
  well , you could , but ... four days ago , how many people would have believed it ? 
  what i 'm getting at is that in adopting the declaration , you 've adopted a system in which a vote does n't mean that it 's kosher to ignore a set of constraints . 
  by placing constraints on democracy , it deviates from simply doing what the public wants at some point in time . 
  it , as well as constitutions , override what the public wants -- yet they are seen as advantageous , so they 're used . 
  democracy is valuable in that it 's a peaceful way to address the complaints of the majority . 
  it avoids civil wars -- instead of having a revolution over an objection , we can just pretend that we had we had one , roughly count up who would have won , and follow the outcome . 
  but it 's interesting not because it is inherently desirable -- i think that we could agree that some hypothetical benevolent , all-knowing god or ai or something would work better -- because it 's a mechanism that we believe is more-effective at achieving outcomes that we generally want . 
  i think that there is harm caused by deviating from democratic precedent . 
  i think that following a democratic process tends to force someone who advocates for a policy to sell the public on it , which means that society as a whole is behind something . 
  but that does n't mean that , were i a citizen of the uk , i would n't see what i could do to avoid implementing a referendum , if i believed that there 's a solid reason that the above points would n't be served . 
  and i believe that the same is true of pretty much everyone , though their bar might vary -- for example , if you were certain that starting a nuclear war would be absolutely catastrophic and that the public had been misinformed or was mistaken , even * if * there were a vote to do it , would you choose to initiate it or attempt to hold it off ? 
  true , the market being cut off is n't a nuclear war , but the consequences are probably pretty severe . 
  i would have preferred for a representative vote , but that is n't what the uk chose to do . 
  however , it 's not impossible for people to make an informed direct vote . 
  in this case , i strongly suspect , looking at the campaign materials used and what polls said ( that stopping immigration was a primary concern ) , along with current analysis and statements are ( that immigration would probably * not * be halted in the event of an article 50 invocation ) that a pretty-substantial portion of the uk 's voting population , had a very different idea of the outcomes that they were voting on than is the case . 
  if that is the case , and the goal of a democracy is to extract the values and preferences of those voters , it would seem to be extremely folly to act on them .
