  personally , i do n't think that homosexuality has been in conflict with society functioning well . 
  but i dislike the mechanism of normalization or banning something that we used to make that decision . 
  what happens if , for example , someone classifies holding anarchist views as being some sort of anti-social metal disease ? 
  it 's not the process that i 'd like to see . 
  often , social norm changes rely on someone simply choosing to break laws that relate to those norms , perhaps getting in trouble for them . 
  that does n't feel to me like the process works very well . 
  what about stem cell research ? 
  the death penalty ? 
  animal experimentation ? 
  * human * experimentation ( okay , ethics rules for particular fields of work have had ethics boards set up ) . 
  same-sex marriage ? 
  transsexuality ? 
  beastiality ? 
  the proper role of parents in choosing how to raise their children ( selecting their education/modifying their bodies/choosing not to avail themselves of medicine/etc ) ? 
  public profanity and/or obscenity ? 
  public nudity and/or clothing standards ? 
  it seems to me that government mostly stays away from these , because it does n't want to `` take sides '' in this and does n't view itself as authoritative . 
  religion takes position on some of these , but my strong feeling is that most religions have a very disappointing , dated mechanism for revising their positions on things . 
  questions of values are seen as ( and rightly so , to my mind ) outside the realm of science , though science might provide more information about the potential costs and benefits of a given social norm . 
  it seems to me that we have very broadly drifted towards more-permissive societies over time . 
  there are some very broad rules that * might * be commonly-accepted , like the idea of roughly-equal treatment , the idea of treating others the way that one wants to be treated , perhaps the idea that one should default to being permissive of the actions of others . 
  but it still feels like a great many decisions on these are made in a very ad-hoc sense . 
  there 's no modern compendium of moral reasoning and justifications to fill the sort of hole that perhaps the bible once more-widely held in the west , and often people seem to run on what `` feels '' right to them . 
  ... how are hormone inhibitors reversible ? 
  i mean , they 're what direct your body to develop during those years . 
  your skeleton is kinda fixed in place . 
  the reason that she would n't swim is because she felt that her religion had a a dress code which no swimwear confirmed to . 
  her argument that she could n't take swimming classes was predicated on her claim that she needed to conform to a particular archaic dress code . 
  i do n't think that the goal is so much to provide a neat experience as to act as more like a [ ccc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilian_conservation_corps ) , which had an aim of political stabilization . 
  you have a period of high unemployment . 
  long-term unemployed young people get unhappy , head to crime , political extremism , whatnot . 
  you want to avoid that . 
  the eu has the additional issue that there are large geographic wage differences and labor mobility is `` hard '' , especially with language barriers . 
  if you move elsewhere , you do n't have family as a support network to provide housing or whatever . 
  if they can help people in poorer areas bootstrap living and working in areas with more demand , they might help overcome that . 
  the proposal specifically mentions encouraging labor mobility . 
  the eu could benefit from some popular programs , and the ccc was popular . 
  with what information is in the article , i 'm bullish on the idea . 
  it seems like a good fit to me with what the eu needs . 
  i think that people just like having some sort of shadowy wealthy person who * must * be responsible for the wrongthink on the other side of the aisle . 
  in the us , the left likes going with the `` we 'd have convinced everyone except for the dastardly koch brothers '' and the right likes the same , but with soros . 
  other than , say , major features like the nose and the eyebrow ridgeline ... 
  the two are n't mutually-exclusive . 
  i ca n't help but think that , however , there 's a certain degree of irony in people wearing one archaic outfit ruling that people wearing another archaic outfit is unnecessary ... 
   can anyone really consider anyone in the eu as acting in `` good faith '' ? 
  does texas or south carolina act `` in good faith '' ? 
  the us is riven politically between red and blue states . 
  are they acting `` in good faith '' with each other ? 
  i think that texas and south carolina both want shared institutions to function well , yes . 
  the red-blue splits represent splits over things like the specifics of abortion or the degree of gun control law , not wanting to wipe each other out or break the federal government for each other . 
  i 've lived in red states and in blue states -- two sets that are constantly shifting -- and while i might prefer to have texas legislating my gun law and california legislating how abortions are handled , both sides know that they 're in it together with shared institutions . 
  neither is going to try to make , say , the military inept , because both have an interest in it functioning well . 
  i can not realistically believe that a majority of eu states would look at a prosecutor 's office like this and say `` how can we make this not function '' ? 
   the situations are comparable . 
  well , let 's list the major differentiating factors : * presently , the us has a great deal of clout in the world . 
  accepting icc authority as binding -- which covers a broad range of things -- act to limit authority . 
  this is n't really comparable to the position of the netherlands in the eu . 
  * someone like , say , nicaragua similarly accepting that authority provides relatively-minimal benefits . 
  the us does n't generally need to regularly deal with dispute resolution with nicaragua , and frankly , does n't really receive any benefits from nicaragua being a member of an international court . 
  that 's not really the case with the netherlands , which would stand to substantially-benefit if tax fraud were consistently low across the eu . 
  * the us is not looking to build any sort of close union with nicaragua . 
  netherlands is already in a form of close union in the eu , and that union seems likely to continue to become closer . 
  i understand what you 're trying to get at -- `` hey , establishing a union looks a lot less trivial and obvious from the inside here , buddy '' or `` differences between eu members is greater than that between us states '' . 
  fine . 
  point taken . 
  but just sitting and hoping that everything gets resolved on its own seems unlikely to move very quickly . 
  in what way is the netherlands better-off waiting a hundred years for corruption problems to possibly address themselves ? 
  if they can be fixed , why not go ahead and fix them ? 
   first , all of the arguments you 've made here could be made about the icc , and yet you must know that the united states is refusing to accept its jurisdiction . 
  the `` good faith actors '' argument might be . 
  the others , as far as i see , are n't . 
   when people say the eu has to be reformed , what they mean is the `` venezuelans '' sorting themselves out . 
  that 's what this anti-tax-fraud office aims to do , yes ? 
   the free movement of businesses and people between various countries does not constitute a confederation . 
  it 's still a union of sovereign nations . 
  the eu is n't a federation ( yet , at any rate ) as i 'd classify it , but it is definitely a confederation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation  a confederation ( also known as a confederacy or league ) is a union of sovereign states , united for purposes of common action often in relation to other states . 
  [ 1 ] usually created by a treaty , confederations of states tend to be established for dealing with critical issues , such as defence , foreign relations , internal trade or currency , with the general government being required to provide support for all its members . 
  confederalism represents a main form of inter-governmentalism , this being defined as ` any form of interaction between states which takes place on the basis of sovereign independence ' . 
  [ 2 ] [ snip ]  due to its unique nature , and the political sensitivities surrounding it , there is no common or legal classification for the european union ( eu ) . 
  however , it does bear some resemblance to both a confederation [ 15 ] ( or a `` new '' type of confederation ) and a federation . 
  [ 16 ] the eu operates common economic policies with hundreds of common laws , which enable a single economic market , open internal borders , a common currency among most member-states and allow for numerous other areas where powers have been transferred and directly applicable laws are made . 
  however , unlike a federation , the eu does not have exclusive powers over foreign affairs , defence and taxation . 
  furthermore , laws sometimes must be transcribed into national law by national parliaments ; decisions by member states are taken by special majorities with blocking minorities accounted for ; and treaty amendment requires ratification by every member state before it can come into force . 
    however , academic observers more usually discuss the eu in the terms of it being a federation . 
   jea , like , 99 % ` part ' . 
  about 96 % by population and state count , but true , it 's a limited chunk . 
  which of those voices do you feel will combine to act against dutch interests ? 
  will germany encourage the prosecution of tax fraud cases that the netherlands does n't want prosecuted ? 
  france ? 
  the uk ? 
  my belief is that most actors here are `` good faith actors '' at any one time . 
  sure , maybe someone will be elected one year in croatia who happens to be an utter idiot and insists on an unnecessary tax fraud investigation of a dutch company . 
  but all other members have a healthy incentive to keep the office operating well : they , after all , have to deal with it as well . 
  yes , any time one gives some control to someone else , one risks a prospect of abuse . 
  but ... it seems to me that there is little practical risk here , and good incentives for it to function well . 
    i do n't think that anyone 's asking the netherlands to lower existing standards . 
    the eu 's definition is lowering existing standards . 
  it 's a union of averages , we do things better on our own but are forced to do it worse because we have 27 mostly worse entities having a say as well . 
  whether that 's true or not , i 'm talking specifically about this office .
