  https://www.britannica.com/place/poland  in the mid-1500s , united poland was the largest state in europe and perhaps the continent 's most powerful nation . 
  if you 're talking about the [ treaty on open skies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_open_skies ) , i do n't think that it 'd be possible to abuse it to provide for access for transport flights -- it 's specific to monitoring flights , to ensure that another side is n't building up . 
  among other things , it looks like it 's restricted to a total of a fixed number of people who can only be changed with a limited frequency . 
  that being said , i also do n't think that nato would realistically try to block it . 
  it does n't accomplish anything other than being annoying . 
  eh , i think everyone likes you anyway . 
  that 's ... actually exactly what the federal government did say . 
  that 's actually an interesting point . 
  i was n't aware of that , thanks . 
  well , what they genuinely believe to be best for their constituents . 
  some countries restrict incest above and beyond blood relations . 
  germany is not one of those ( looked this up yesterday when wondering if the `` adopted daughter '' could be used as a legal loophole for islamic immigrants banned from bringing in child brides ) . 
  much as i hate to turn down a compliment , and much as i * do * think that his broader point is correct ( i.e. 
  there 's little basis for the `` that 's unsafe '' and it 's looking for a rationale for industry protectionism ) i do n't really think that this argument of his supports his premise :  the attitude of many opponents of ceta in europe is that european regulation is superior to the canadian ( or american in the context of ttip ) , and that as a result canadian and american chicken are suspect , if not poisonous . 
  the implicit hypothesis of this attitude is that european governments care more about the health and safety of their citizens than the canadian and american governments do about their citizens . 
    such an attitude makes trade agreements very difficult . 
  moreover , it is not based on facts . 
  there is no reason to assume that european legislation of health , safety and the environment is superior to the north american one . 
  if that were the case , the european regulators would long ago have curbed the harmful emissions of rigged european-made diesel cars . 
  they did not , the us authorities did . 
  it would be completely and entirely possible for the us and canada to not care about the health and safety of their citizens wrt chicken and still catch diesel emissions . 
  i certainly do n't think that that is the case that either government is disregarding health and safety as regards chicken , but i do n't think that his logic is legit there either . 
   how far should we push globalisation ? 
  [ balls to the wall !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb37xobja4w&amp;t=1m24s ), 
  still not a `` failed state '' , as the phrase is n't simply the sum of its words . 
   do we keep all our opt outs we currently have , the rebate etc yes , because the only thing that matters is the invocation of a50 and this would prevent that from happening . 
  the uk has successfully achieved complete union with the doorframe . 
   it is for any issue even constitutional ones unless a previously passed law specifies other wise . 
  i 'm not actually sure that there 's unanimous opinion on that . 
  it might be that even laws passed by previous parliaments can not bind this parliament 's operation in terms of changing how it is permitted to vote on matters . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_sovereignty  the doctrine of parliamentary supremacy may be summarized in three points :   * parliament can make laws concerning anything . 
   * no parliament can bind a future parliament ( that is , it can not pass a law that can not be changed or reversed by a future parliament ) . 
   * a valid act of parliament can not be questioned by the court . 
  parliament is the supreme lawmaker . 
    some scholars and judges have questioned the traditional view that parliament can not bind itself , arguing that it can impose procedural ( or `` manner and form '' ) restrictions on itself , since the legislature must be constituted and regulated by legal rules . 
  [ 12 ] it sounds like the last is not universally agreed-upon . 
  i just saw the [ article 50 author lord kerr says brexit not inevitable ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-37852628 ) bbc article , and then went to look to the [ scotuk website ] ( https://www.supremecourt.uk/about/biographies-of-the-justices.html ) and did a double-take when i saw that lord kerr was a justice . 
  different guy -- you just have a lot of lords -- but definitely threw me for a moment . 
  probably due to the lack of a free trade agreement between us . 
  you 're not just limited to 6 . 
  there 's a quantity menu at the side so that you can get multiples of 6 . 
  i have a reason to believe that you are making overly-confident statements on the matter , though . 
  but , if you 're that confident about it , i 'm sure that there are people off betting on it ... 
  i see a couple people who seem to be pro-leave simply posting unsupported-yet-very-confident assertions that this will absolutely happen . 
  i dunno , this looks more like wishful thinking to me . 
  might happen , but i 'd put the confidence level much lower . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  yes . 
  no way to know that . 
  you 'll be wanting [ the maple syrup bacon popcorn ] ( https://www.amazon.com/kettle-foods-popcorn-maple-bacon/dp/b00s98enps/ref=sr_1_fkmr1_1_a_it ) . 
  is it advantageous to may for leave to win ? 
   the tories will whip ( tell them how to vote ) hmm . 
  ordinarily , in the us , a vote like this would not be under party control ( probably because the party does n't allocate seats ... i believe that its main influence is that it can send funds or have well-known politicians to campaign for marginal seats ) . 
  looking at [ wikipedia : conscience vote ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscience_vote ) , it sounds like the party leadership is vastly more important and control most votes in the uk : mps are not permitted to vote as they see fit , normally , and the party makes decisions as to how votes go . 
  the tory party has an absolute majority , so if i understand correctly , for remain to win the vote , it would be necessary for the tories to permit a free vote , or for a sufficient number of mps to be willing to be punished for their vote . 
  are you saying that because you want that to be the case or because it is the case ? 
  like a phoenix , remain surges back to life !, 
  hmm . 
  did n't tsipras present the no vote as a way to provide syriza with bargaining power rather than necessarily as what they wanted to go with ? 
  according to wikipedia , sweden and norway rely on random checks rather than stopping everyone . 
  that * is * one possibility to reduce the impact . 
  my understanding is that a hard border means stopping people at the border . 
  if i ca n't stop vehicles passing through , how do i ensure that people are n't shipping products through that customs prohibits ? 
   i 'm not convinced that the eu will survive a euro collapse . 
  i 've heard this a number of times , but i do n't understand the mechanism . 
  can you expand on what would cause the eu to stop existing ? 
  if the eu adopted a greater degree of fiscal transfers , would you consider the euro to be desirable for italy ? 
   inmigration lowers the wages for low-quality jobs well , depends upon how your immigration system works , though i agree in this case . 
  ayn rand did not like communism very much . 
  a given situation with uncertainty added in is bad relative to the same situation and certainty . 
  but that does not mean that uncertainty is worse than a particular outcome . 
  russian roulette involves uncertainty , but i 'm rather better-off standing there with the gun to my head than i am having squeezed the trigger and put a hole in my head . 
  well , you ca n't if you just have legal residence , and not citizenship . 
  but if you have legal residence for a certain number of years ( which in the european countries that i have looked at i recall being something like five to eight years ) , you can then apply for citizenship . 
  when you have that , you can vote . 
  i do n't see why that would be the case . 
  i expect that this is a case of phone autocorrect . 
   in the usa they have legal limits on hate speech too . 
  no , we do n't . 
  `` hate speech '' is n't a legal concept here . 
  edit : though ... the fact that the boycott is defended on free speech grounds is interesting . 
  it was illegal over here to take part in the israel boycott : https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/enforcement/oac  the antiboycott provisions of the export administration regulations ( ear ) apply to the activities of u.s. persons in the interstate or foreign commerce of the united states . 
  the term `` u.s. person '' includes all individuals , corporations and unincorporated associations resident in the united states , including the permanent domestic affiliates of foreign concerns . 
  u.s. persons also include u.s. citizens abroad ( except when they reside abroad and are employed by non-u.s. persons ) and the controlled in fact affiliates of domestic concerns . 
  the test for `` controlled in fact '' is the ability to establish the general policies or to control the day to day operations of the foreign affiliate . 
    the scope of the ear , as defined by section 8 of the eaa , is limited to actions taken with intent to comply with , further , or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott . 
    what do the laws prohibit ? 
    conduct that may be penalized under the tra and/or prohibited under the ear includes :   * agreements to refuse or actual refusal to do business with or in israel or with blacklisted companies . 
    * agreements to discriminate or actual discrimination against other persons based on race , religion , sex , national origin or nationality . 
    * agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about business relationships with or in israel or with blacklisted companies . 
    * agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about the race , religion , sex , or national origin of another person . 
  i 'm not actually sure what would happen in a first amendment challenge . 
  there 's a lot more potential loss inherent to leaving than in postponing . 
  representatives are not necessarily expected to leverage their own , personal knowledge on each issue -- in fact , i doubt that there are many legislators who are in a position to do that . 
  perhaps on law , or on legislation , or on politics . 
  but because there are a smaller number than the entire public , it becomes viable for them ( or people in their office ) to consult with experts and interested parties on the matter . 
   first the prosecutor cited a long list of ukrainian publications that are either prohibited or which she said experts had deemed `` degrading '' to russians . 
    she formally accused natalia sharina of acquiring the books and brochures and a cd and making them available to the public . 
  < trundles out to the internet for the appropriate book-banning quotes  -------  the crime of book purging is that it involves a rejection of the word .
