  apparently it did n't result in a union for the ages . 
  i think i 'm going to steal that quote for future use . 
   anyone who voted ` leave ' as a ` fuck you , cameron ! '', 
  gesture this was a thing ? 
   dear uk citizens , i will trade with you . 
  not without paying tariffs !, 
  / r/russia [ is in a good mood ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/4pkvl0/uk_votes_to_leave_eu/ ) , starting with :  i hope this triggers a rolling collapse of the eu . 
    let 's see eastern `` we 're not eastern europe '' europe make fun of russia for its oil income when all the respectable countries leave the eu and their supply of [ convergence gibs ] ( http://www.unz.com/akarlin/brexit-and-eu-future/ ) dries up . 
  why would gibraltar ask for a referendum ? 
  was n't the reason that they wanted the uk to stay in the eu so that the eu would n't side with spain in trying to muscle them away from the uk ? 
  in all fairness , people with lower education were also looking at more wage pressure concerns . 
  the modern meaning did n't show up until later , so i do n't think that it was a goal of propaganda ( if so , the third world would hardly have been a target of either the first or second world propaganda ) . 
  most of the third world really * was * much worse-off , even more so than they are today -- countries like finland were very unusual in that regard . 
  i suspect that it 's more just that euphemisms tends to come and go -- as a term becomes more-common and sounds more-impolite , a new term for the same thing shows up . 
  well , there 's that too -- just saying that there 's stronger popular opposition than i 'd expect if it were just over erdogan 's latest antics . 
   since we do n't have a codified constitution < raises eyebrows meaningfully  you know ... you * could * make one if you wanted one . 
  lots of countries have 'em . 
  you moved from a monarchy to a democracy without interruptions , for crying out loud . 
  at the end of the day , ultimate authority is something manufactured from thin air , and if there was national consensus to create a constitution , i 'm quite sure that the uk could produce a theory of law to support it . 
  i think that it 's pretty simplistic to say that any one party `` caused '' brexit . 
  more english-speakers in the us than the eu . 
  you can create such a court if you want , though -- there 's nothing preventing you . 
  sure it is . 
  people below a certain age ca n't vote even today in the uk . 
  in the past , in the us , democracy used to involve all of : * women not voting . 
  * blacks not voting . 
  * native americans not voting . 
  * people without property not voting . 
  that may not be a good idea , but it 's certainly compatible with what people call and have called democracies . 
  i do n't think that the uk leaving the eu should be seen as closing off the field of finance to you . 
  why do you think that the conservative party would do particularly well politically in the future as a result of this ? 
   anyone who 's educated in even a basic level of economics agrees that this is a bad thing for both britain and the world economy . 
  an intro economics class in university is probably a microeconomics class and probably would n't have any bearing at all on whether-or-not this is a good idea or not . 
  one of the less-bloody ones , i have to say . 
  congrats on that end !, 
   they wanted to keep our currency that 's not unreasonable at all . 
  you can use a currency . 
  there are non-us places in the world that use the us dollar . 
  you 'd just better not be minting more currency yourself . 
  to be fair , half of the country was already unhappy with the situation no matter what . 
  outside of the eu , what percentage of people use `` european '' to refer to `` people from the eu '' ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-24239555 go back to 2013 :  ** give us eu referendum now , says keith vaz **   keith vaz has called for an immediate referendum on britain 's membership of the european union , accusing the labour leadership of avoiding the issue . 
    the former europe minister - who backs britain 's membership - said the british people had to have their say . 
  well , * that * bluff did n't turn out quite so well . 
  well , almost . 
  the public has simply expressed its desire . 
  the government still has to initiate the process ( which it has previously-stated that it will do shortly ) , and it will be a few years until that is complete . 
  plus , i 've got no idea how they 're going to untangle all the legalities . 
  yeah , i saw the brits talking about this on that forum . 
  it took two forum posts before three brits were trying to figure out how they could gain control of the senate . 
  tricky folks , those . 
  i 'd support it in a vote , if that is what the uk wants . 
  but ... * first amendment . 
  and second amendment , even more so . 
  god , colliding us and uk gun laws together would be like colliding matter and antimatter . 
  and prison sentences . 
  and drug law . 
  and all sorts of things that are n't harmonized at the moment . 
  and as religion goes , the brits may be used to half-hearted anglicans , not having their national leader fervently express a wish that the creator of the universe bless the country . 
  * the us and the uk are relatively-politically-similar in * european * terms , but it would appall the uk left and the us right -- it 'd drag the uk to the right and the us to the left ( less so , but more people involved ) . 
  * the us has enjoyed a lot of geographic isolation . 
  that would very , very abruptly end this , and suddenly have the us and the eu geographically-jostling up against each other . 
  that might not be good for either in the long term . 
  * some people in the uk may like some policies that the us has ( e.g. 
  liberal economic system , skill-focused immigration ) , but some of the brexit momentum would be at * least * as opposed to us statehood -- if you want to retain sovereignty , us statehood sure as hell is n't the way to do it . 
  * i think that it would be a terrible idea for the uk to be joining the us as the result of a short-term political reaction . 
  hell , i think that the uk leaving was already too much of a reaction to a short-term immigration issue . 
  if the uk joins , it should be because it really thinks `` yeah , this is * really * what i want to do -- 100 years later , i 'd be happy with this '' . 
  the eu has an exit clause for members , at least at the moment ( though i suspect that in the long term , that will ultimately be switched off -- it creates risks for the union ) . 
  us statehood is a one-way door unless some mechanism is added for leaving . 
  that 's not a spur-of-the-moment thing . 
  it should be more than `` the us happens to be well-to-do and powerful in global terms at the moment '' , because it 'd be creating pretty strong bonds . 
  * the uk has no real short term pressures forcing it to join any other country -- nothing threatens it . 
  it can operate independently . 
  the uk has been , to date , more-enthusiastic about loose relationships . 
  if the uk joins something , i strongly suspect that something like nafta would happen long before statehood . 
  the uk already operates in an intelligence bloc with the anglosphere and is more-coordinated with the us on military matters than probably anyone else ( except maybe canada ? ), 
  it does n't * need * to do a binary statehood-or-not if it does n't want to do so . 
  canada would be far more of a no-brainer for us statehood , and canada has always remained separate , just operating together on trade , military , intelligence , etc terms and having low barriers for people to move between the country . 
  * if the uk is concerned about being overwhelmed by a ton of foreigners , exiting a 508m person union ( edit : okay , now i guess only 443m remaining ) just to jump into a 330m person union is n't necessarily a huge improvement . 
  yeah , the wealth disparity is n't as big , but ... * geographically , the uk is invariably going to have a lot of ties with europe -- it 's just cheaper to transport goods and easier to travel . 
  if i were going to bet , it 'd be on the uk establishing more complicated venn diagram lines and setting up agreements to interoperate to a limited degree with the eu . 
  * you also have to convince the us , and while it 's far less of a momentous move for the us , and while the brits are pretty popular over here , the us has never , ever accepted anything remotely like such a huge number of people at once . 
  in the same way that some people in europe look a bit wide-eyed at the sheer rate of people being attached to their countries in recent years , suddenly throwing 66m people into the us would still be a pretty big whack of people . 
  the person you 're responding to is from the us . 
  the us has elected positions . 
  however , they work differently . 
  the us does n't have a parliamentary system , votes of no confidence , government-scheduled votes , etc. 
  people rarely step down other than at term boundaries unless there 's been a serious crime committed or they 're so incredibly-unpopular that their very presence will cause serious damage to the party 's chance of holding onto the seat -- nixon 's resignation is the only time a us leader has stepped down . 
  given that context , the question makes more sense -- cameron 's actions have n't been on par with what you 'd expect to cause a us president to step down . 
  i suspect that `` not running for another term '' is a better us equivalent of `` stepping down '' in the system that parliamentary pressures create . 
  i 'm no expert , but factors that seem plausible to me : * there 's been a lot made of the fact that the * status quo * receives a benefit . 
  the status quo a decade or several down the line will be to stay out . 
  * the eu will ( possibly ) be more-integrated then . 
  it 'd be a harder sell for the uk public to dissolve so much more of the uk . 
  * various decisions will have already been made by the eu that will almost-certainly not reflect what the uk would have wanted , so it will tend to become less-favorable to the uk . 
  * the uk may have established other relationships ( e.g. 
  some people on here were talking about free movement agreements with canada/australia ... or , more-likely , trade agreements with other countries ) that are incompatible with eu membership and would have to be broken . 
  * the uk may begin diverging from the rest of the eu in product standards again , which would introduce a cost to rejoining . 
  * the uk leaving may * itself * harm the eu and make it less-desirable .
