  you can presumably run whatever tax fraud prosecutions you want . 
  the eu is n't claiming * exclusive * competence here , yes ? 
   you do n't have a venezuelan da prosecuting americans in the us . 
  no , that is true , and it 's fair that i 'd also probably object to that . 
  but neither do we have people and businesses flowing freely between venezuela and the us . 
  if we did , i probably would . 
  i 'd also add that contemporary venezuela is a good deal more messed-up than any eu member -- a better comparison might be canada or mexico . 
  and , finally , it would n't be under venezuelan authority , but under the authority of a whole group of countries that would have a common stake in this functioning well . 
  our two federal ags under obama have been [ eric holder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_holder ) and then [ loretta lynch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loretta_lynch ) . 
  they 're both new yorkers -- about 4800km away from california 's coastal cities , further than lisbon to talinn . 
  as best i can tell , difference in interests has n't been a serious concern for the coasts . 
   exactly why we do not want to merge authorities with them . 
  we 're importing corruption here , not fighting it . 
  you 're adding an authority . 
  how can adding that additional one lead to corruption risk in the netherlands . 
   as for the funds it 's a weak excuse , they should n't be recieving those funds from our taxes in the first place . 
  maybe so . 
  but how much of a cost is it ? 
  my guess is that a tax fraud office probably more than pays for itself in terms of more-complete tax enforcement . 
  and if you * were * going to send funds to improve romania , what do you personally think would be most advantageous to the netherlands ? 
  subsidizing another bridge or `` helping them to help themselves '' by helping deal with corruption ? 
  the uk keeps its nose pretty clean legally . 
  what if romania could be said to deal with corruption as well as the uk ? 
  would that eliminate any of your concerns about being in the union with romania ? 
  if so , why not work towards that ? 
  if you think that the country that is providing asylum is coordinating with the country whose territory the person is trying to avoid and the country that theoretically he claims concern about being extradited to , then the metaconspiracy levels are starting to just stack up . 
  why not just jump straight to `` maybe the cia and the kgb are working together to make me wear a mind-controlling hat and all this is a virtual reality simulation '' ? 
  all right , fair enough -- i thought that the uk was fairly unusual in doing that . 
  let me try again -- since your local legal system does n't have a prosecutor 's authority to investigate crimes abroad , is there not something of a barrier to doing this sort of thing ? 
   since foreign interests would be running the law here well , part of it . 
  same as a city has only part say in the national laws that it 's subject to . 
   foreign parties who 're considerably worse in their standards i do n't think that anyone 's asking the netherlands to lower existing standards . 
   adhere to other norms and customs like what ? 
   and use it for political and financial gains at our costs . 
  can you give some plausible examples ? 
  i have a difficult time seeing this as a significant risk . 
  we 've had federal law enforcement specifically-target organized crime . 
   there 's no need for it , we 're a sovereign country , the only entity that should be prosecuting here is our own . 
  let 's say that the netherlands does n't derive any benefit from it directly . 
  based on / u/trigger888 's comments , i assume that there is concern from the netherlands about corruption in romania . 
  okay , well , presumably romania would n't permit oversight from a legal authority without someone else willing to do the same . 
  even * if * there 's no direct benefit in the netherlands , it seems to me that the netherlands is better-off by being in a more-law-abiding union . 
  your courts claim extraterritorial jurisdiction for things like bribery that happen outside of your borders ? 
   that is a good point , i know the us has different sales tax levels per state , not sure about the others . 
  afaik , the state can assess taxes on everything other than intrastate or international trade , as tariffs are the province of the federal government . 
  a few states have no income tax , most do , afaik all impose some sort of sales tax system ... they pretty much run the gamut . 
  to both you and / u/luciwiz : in the us , the state and federal governments both have their own independent tax systems . 
  in the states that i 've filed taxes in , the state form feeds off the federal form for some information , which simplifies a bit of the computation . 
  given the larger role of the state in assessing and charging taxes in europe , this may be less-directly-visible to a citizen of an eu member in such an environment . 
   why do the dutch need eu prosecutors ? 
  because if they do n't have them , their business environment , which is open to the whole eu , is open to corruption operating out of other member countries , and they 've no real recourse . 
   it 's also going after terrorism and international crime networks , it 's going to be a federal prosecutor office . 
  it 's an unacceptible violation of our sovereignty . 
  in what way would this clash with dutch interests ? 
  i mean , i 'm having a difficult time seeing how the netherlands would be made worse-off via having such an office . 
  if you do n't have a confederation-level prosecutor 's office and you do permit freedom of movement and a single market , it simply means that the member with the worst enforcement is where everyone pools and operates from . 
  what do you think the eu 's weakest-link country is ? 
  what are you going to do if you are affected by organized crime based in that country and the member is n't effectively-enforcing it ? 
  no , the point is that he does n't have internet access since he started being a pain in the ass for his host embassy with it . 
  that he 's `` missing '' is a ridiculous conspiracy claim and would require the uk , the us , and ecuador to be cooperating . 
  all right , someone explain the objection here . 
  few favor fraud . 
  tax fraud is something that is most-advantageous if you have immense amounts of money at stake -- i 'd think that a lot of people on the left would favor the idea of `` the wealthy and businesses paying their fair share '' . 
  it 's a law-and-order improvement . 
  it 's disadvantageous to all members who are dealing with tax fraud to have other areas that do * not * do so , since taxation is handled at the member state level -- there 's no `` eu-level taxation '' . 
  the eu represents , for some countries , a turn * away * from money laundering and fraud . 
  this leverages that . 
  i mean , are there serious concerns about abuse in terms of tax fraud investigation ? 
  nothing seems to come to my mind ... worries about leaking financial data , maybe ? 
  dna is very popular in romania , and the eu being able to produce similar activity seems like a straightforward win . 
  i 'm assuming from his flair that he 's talking about norway sending a tree to the us . 
  actually , i 'm kinda curious about all the gift traditions that grew out of the world wars , because while i ca n't seem to find anywhere linking them together , a lot seem to occur to me . 
  another one is the canada-netherlands tulip gift : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_tulip_festival stemming from [ canada taking in the dutch royal family during world war ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/princess_margriet_of_the_netherlands#birth_and_canada ) :  the princess was born in ottawa civic hospital , [ 2 ] ottawa , ontario , as the family had been living in canada since june 1940 after the occupation of the netherlands by nazi germany . 
  the maternity ward of ottawa civic hospital in which princess margriet was born was temporarily declared to be extraterritorial by the canadian government . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] making the maternity ward outside of the canadian domain caused it to be unaffiliated with any jurisdiction and technically international territory . 
  this was done to ensure that the newborn would derive her citizenship from her mother only , thus making her solely dutch , which could be very important in the case that the child would have been a male , and as such , the heir of princess juliana . 
  http://tulipfestival.ca/about/tulip-legacy/  may 2 , 1945 , following five years in exile in canada , princess juliana and her children were reunited with queen wilhelmina in the liberated part of the netherlands . 
  as a show of gratitude for her stay in canada , and for canadian soldiers ' role in the liberation of her homeland , princess juliana presented to the people of canada a number of gifts , including 100,000 tulip bulbs . 
  the following year , an additional 20,500 bulbs were received in canada , with a request to plant them on the grounds of the ottawa civic hospital . 
    juliana , who became queen of the netherlands in 1948 , continued to send a gift of thousands of tulip bulbs to canada each year during her reign , which ended with her abdication in april 1980 and the beginning of the reign of queen beatrix . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boston_christmas_tree was due to the immense world war i ( these world war things do seem to produce quite a few christmas tree traditions ) [ halifax explosion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halifax_explosion ) a bit of the story that i like mentioning :  the death toll could have been worse had it not been for the self-sacrifice of an intercolonial railway dispatcher , patrick vincent ( vince ) coleman , operating at the railyard about 750 feet ( 230 m ) from pier 6 , where the explosion occurred . 
  he and his co-worker , william lovett , learned of the dangerous cargo aboard the burning mont-blanc from a sailor and began to flee . 
  coleman remembered , however , that an incoming passenger train from saint john , new brunswick , was due to arrive at the railyard within minutes . 
  he returned to his post alone and continued to send out urgent telegraph messages to stop the train . 
  several variations of the message have been reported , among them this from the maritime museum of the atlantic : `` hold up the train . 
  ammunition ship afire in harbor making for pier 6 and will explode . 
  guess this will be my last message . 
  good-bye boys . '', 
  coleman 's message was responsible for bringing all incoming trains around halifax to a halt . 
  it was heard by other stations all along the intercolonial railway , helping railway officials to respond immediately . 
  [ 70 ] [ 71 ] passenger train no . 
  10 , the overnight train from saint john , is believed to have heeded the warning and stopped a safe distance from the blast at rockingham , saving the lives of about 300 railway passengers . 
  coleman was killed at his post as the explosion ripped through the city . 
  [ 70 ] he was honoured with a heritage minute in the 1990s and inducted into the canadian railway hall of fame in 2004 . 
  not true ... you can legitimately say `` i could apply for asylum in country x , but i do n't want to do so or can not do so '' . 
  the refugee convention does n't say `` if a country in civil war does n't empty out , the basis for asylum claims is not legitimate '' . 
  nor , frankly , do i think it should do so ( and i think that a much-more-restrictive refugee policy would be in europe 's benefit ) . 
  it could be that a family can only pay human smugglers enough for one person , or wants to get the most out of their smuggling money possible . 
  that 's compatible with being a legitimate refugee . 
  hahaha , that 's actually a good point .
