  that has plusses and minuses on each side , but clearly some people are worried about things like state-supported pensions in poland or the radical demographics change in london . 
  london has been on the receiving end to date . 
  my point is that a uk-in-the-us may result in london being on the sending end ( or receiving , do n't get me wrong ) , and i think maybe it 's easy to develop tunnel vision and say `` ah , that will stop the influx '' when it will introduce depopulation , collapsing property values , difficulty in funding infrastructure , and all that -- the other side of the equation . 
   the original and hardcore of the british eurosceptic movement is concerned with sovereignty , anti-political integration and in a smaller sense about belonging . 
  if that is the case ... if you do n't mind me asking , would n't this objection also apply to us statehood , even more strongly , and force a split between various euroskeptic elements ? 
  us statehood would force even * more * integration than eu membership presently does , as the states are more-tightly-bound together . 
  i could understand if the objection were some sort of lack of cultural or political similarity , but i 'd think that someone who did n't want to give up sovereignty would at most want some sort of loose association rather than statehood . 
   both of these are n't issues for the british public but the actual migrant crisis itself matters to members of the public who are afraid of these migrants eventually coming here but to the majority it just highlights the incompetence and disunity of the eu . 
  understood -- but my point is that i do not believe that the eu will simply remain paralyzed . 
  when the us was just starting out , remember when we tried invading you in canada ? 
  the states were split on the idea , the public very unhappy , the militia most unwilling to fight outside of the us . 
  a major idea behind the us revolution was * no standing armies , they 're a tool of the oppressor against the people , darn it * , but militias turned out to be a really sub-par tool for offense . 
  or when the federal government had constant and severe budgetary problems , because unlike the states , it did n't yet have a way to levy taxes ? 
  or when the federal government was constantly paralyzed by being run by hordes of incompetent people due to a patronage system breaking out -- back a politician , get into office , and he hands out all the jobs he can control to supporters ? 
  or when the federal government -- which had nothing capable of blocking or controlling immigration at the time -- saw severe anti-immigration riots and massacres breaking out in various places around the us ? 
  that seems , to me , to be at least as bad as what the eu is going through . 
  and it did n't indicate some sort of core failure-to-function in the long term ( though you can see in writings from people at the time that they were concerned that that might be the case ) , but rather solvable issues which over time people repaired . 
  to me , that 's the sort of thing that the eu is staring at . 
   i would n't be so sure of that , especially considering the considerable opposition to wealth transferral demonstrated by numerous nations during this never-ending eurozone crisis . 
  sure it might eventually happen but the eu actually has to survive long enough to reach `` eventually '' . 
  the us still does that today : were the uk to become a us state , it would wind up subject to wealth transfer mechanisms . 
  and while i can understand how frustrating it is in the near term -- `` why , dammit , do i have to give up a big piece of my quality-of-life for much or all of my life simply to benefit some other beneficiary country which often acts frustratingly ungrateful '' -- there are also benefits to being able to travel anywhere in the confederation and expect safe food , viable roads , people with a minimum level of education , and so on and so forth . 
  i , on the net , pay for the interstate road system in , say , wyoming , which i have never used . 
  however , it also means that if i want to travel through there or have goods shipped through there , it 's available , that the people there are n't in some backwards hole . 
  just as the eu is taking funds from its wealthier members to fund development in some poorer countries , so the us wound up with its own share of subsidies from wealthier places to poorer places . 
  early on , the southern united states , with rich agricultural land , was better-off than the north , and [ early political disputes dealt with how the agricultural south was forced via tariffs and other mechanisms to subsidize the inefficient industrial north ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tariff_of_1816 ) . 
  later , things like the [ tva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tennessee_valley_authority ) were used to drive development in poorer areas . 
  yet i think that in the end , many would approve of these ; certainly they do n't think of these as having been catastrophic to the existence of the country , at any rate . 
  true , the uk would probably not be a net donor in wealth transfer , were it to be us states . 
  but that also seems like a relatively short-term concern ( albeit a concern for those living now ) : the returns that development can bring can be pretty substantial , and the uk can also be expected to benefit from those . 
   in comparison to a theoretical union with the us , which is realistically also unlikely , the issue would be lessened due to cultural and linguistic similarities . 
  well , fair-enough . 
   generally , i think a lot of your points are good but you 've misunderstood the essence of british euroscepticism which is n't a critique of how the eu should function as a federal government but a desire that it should n't function as a government at all . 
  i can understand that -- it 's just that i think that even if you do not object , many euroskeptics in the uk would object to joining the us , a federation , to avoid having policies forced upon it by the eu , a ( presently ) confederation . 
  granted , linguistic and cultural similarities may be a factor , but i can not help but think that nigel farrage could come up with quite a few objections to us federal authority that do not ( currently ) apply to the eu . 
   if it does then the brexiteers have no desire to be a part of it when they would prefer to be more closely aligned with more historically and culturally similar peoples , and i 'm not just or even primarily referring to the usa here . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a euphemism . 
  if there is unhappiness with people from africa and arabia coming in , keep in mind that [ the us is only 72.4 % european-american ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_americans ) . 
  and while the us may not be very muslim , like australia , it 's still got a good wallop of strongly-believing christians running around , which you may not much like having a big force in , say , influencing national policies on things like abortion ; the anglican church tended to kinda do a number on fervent believers in the uk . 
  thanks for the comment -- that was interesting to read and discuss . 
   countries with drastically different opinions on the matter which resulted in a paralysis of the union < chuckles  ... which i guess your comment and / u/fluffiebunnie 's comment reproduce , writ small ... 
  it 's '' [ hear , hear ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hear,_hear ) '' . 
  if the uk wants to do that and leaving is * contingent * upon doing this , it might make more sense to set that up before leaving the uk . 
  honestly , i think that the pro-eu faction in the uk would do better to force a split among the various factions who want out of the eu , since i think that there are many different views here , and some are quite incompatible with each other : the `` the eu is terrible because any decrease in uk sovereignty is terrible and we should go independent '' view clashes hard with `` the eu is terrible because they keep trying to regulate and tax the heck out of the uk '' . 
  going back to the us states idea : it would probably be smoother than any other country than canada , but there would be some hurdles . 
  without any sort of ordering as to importance : * it ends the us 's geographic isolation , which the us has taken advantage of for a long time : in the same way that the uk 's public wants to withdraw from some of europe 's problems , it would abruptly and permanently thrust the us smack dab into many of these those issues . 
  it would ( in northern ireland ) create a us/eu land border , which would potentially have substantial effects . 
  it would lose much of the easy-to-control borders that the us has enjoyed . 
  * parts of the uk are decidedly further-economically-left than the government is . 
  dousing them in a flood of us federal policy that is further-economically-right may be unsellable to them ( and i can understand that from their position ) . 
  the us takes a dim view of a welfare state relative to the uk . 
  * while the senate and house shift would be smaller in the us , it would still tilt political control in the us , which may-or-may-not go over well with people who like the status quo . 
  * from a us standpoint , it would probably shift senate power significantly towards the democrats . 
  that may not sell well with the republicans . 
  * the us is just about the most-firearm-rabid country in the world , and the uk perhaps the most-firearm-hating in the eu . 
  * my understanding is that there are restrictions on things like aristocracy in the us , though i do n't recall the legal restrictions . 
  * presently , a number of uk product standards ( electrical , broadcast , etc ) are aligned with the eu rather than the us . 
  at least for radio interference and the like , the uk is going to be somewhat-affected by mainland europe 's standards ; to merge the uk and the us from a product standpoint would also impact the us as a whole . 
  * left-hand roads versus right-hand roads . 
  i know , you guys work that out already with europe , but still . 
  * the uk would be giving up independent foreign policy , as states do n't get to do foreign policy , and has always been a big player internationally . 
  granted , they 'd be also part of the us foreign policy , but that 's a pretty substantial change that you 'd be proposing . 
  some sort of weaker association might sell better . 
  * unifying legal code and procedure . 
  the two have a common history , and admittedly us states already differ a fair amount on many things , but the uk also has a freaking * huge * body of law , some of which conflicts with us federal law . 
  * it would squeeze the us and the eu right next to each other . 
  while the two are presently quite friendly , and i 've no reason to believe that this would change in the near future , it also has a lot more potential for a cold war-era east germany/west germany type situation if things did go south . 
  * the us is [ generally-wealthier than the uk ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/britain-would-be-poorer-than-any-us-state-except-mississippi-if-it-joined-america-9693240.html ) , and some job-seekers would probably leave for us centers in the same way that the eu has caused people to leave poorer places in the eu for economic centers in the eu -- that may dramatically-impact the eu . 
  * the us has very strong federal-level protection for free speech , whereas the uk has favored the government involving itself to ensure more social harmony . 
  would the uk be okay with the equivalent of nazis , black panthers , or the westboro baptist church parading down the street , or people saying things that would probably be successfully prosecuted as libel or defamation under current uk law ? 
  on the other hand , some things would work well : * militarily , there 's a lot of synergy ; the us and the uk have both had a strong naval focus for a century now , with some overseas islands around the place . 
  from a uk standpoint , it would almost assuredly end concerns about having military clout available in the long term . 
  * both have ties to several commonwealth countries ( the us and canada in particular have a relationship for obvious geographic and cultural reasons , but also to a lesser extent australia and new zealand ) . 
  * linguistically , same ( though british/us english may have differences , it 's a lot easier than puerto rico ) . 
  * some economic policy is better-aligned ( e.g. 
  a financial transaction tax proposed in the us would be laughed off in much the same way as it is in the uk ) . 
  * a lot of culture in common . 
  * the economies have some similarity : [ uk export treemap ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:united_kingdom_export_treemap.png ) and [ us export treemap ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:united_states_export_treemap.png ) . 
  that might actually not be a positive in the sense that maybe complementary economies benefit via joining more , but certainly it would be less of a shock . 
  * if someone ever wanted inexpensive land to do something on , that 's something that the us has a vast wealth of , and it would open it up to people in the uk . 
  it might have radical impact on the finance industry in one or both countries , if there is some reason for one to dry up . 
  to be honest , i kind of regret that the referendum clock is ticking -- i think that this might be an interesting discussion , but that choosing it rapidly because of a forced deadline would be a less-than-good way to go . 
  i kind of wish that cameron would have a referendum on * deferring * the referendum ... 
  i personally would not object to the uk joining the us . 
  if the uk requested it , i would support this . 
  however , i have this nagging feeling that a good part of discontent is because the eu has not-fundamental , entirely-solveable problems that have not been addressed , and that a brexit is on the table simply because those problems have n't been addressed . 
  most of the concerns that are raised seem to me to be political in nature , and more-fixable than it seems that a lot of people are treating them . 
  some examples of problems that will be addressed : * immigration from mena and particularly , down the line , africa , is an issue that the eu is going to have to come to some sort of consensus on in the long term . 
  the eu is not going to simply remain permanently-paralyzed . 
  either it will decide on integration , dissuade immigration or do something else . 
  * i think that there 's some irritation over things that redistribute wealth from the uk elsewhere , like financial transaction taxes . 
  europe has steadily moved towards being more-economically-liberal , and i think that it will continue to economically grow , and that this will become less of an issue over time . 
  * i think that there 's some concern over major , country-affecting policies being adopted without input . 
  in particular , on expansion of the eu . 
  i would think that some of this will tend to settle -- the us has undergone less-radical restructuring today than it did when it was first working things out . 
  yes , that will take some time , and might be past some of our lifetimes ... but then again , turning the uk into several us states would almost assuredly result in even-more-radical changes in the uk within our lifetimes . 
  * a rapid , overwhelming influx of states with corruption or other governmental issues . 
  the eu has pulled in some states that are still busy fixing issues with corruption . 
  greece 's government caused major problems for the euro as well as the eu .
