  in the us , states have exclusive control over their areas of authority , and the federal government has exclusive control over * their * area of authority . 
  revising the us constitution to change this requires state assent . 
  the only way in which i guess you could treat federal power as superior would be in that the us supreme court ultimately defines the interpretation of the precise constitutional division between state and federal lines , and that 's federal . 
  the federal court system is different from the state court system -- if you commit , for example , murder , and violate the federal law against murder in an area with federal jurisdiction ( like a military base ) , you could be tried in the federal system , and if you violate a state law against murder in an area with state jurisdiction , you could be tried in the state system . 
  you could appeal a state issue on constitutional grounds and get it to the us supreme court , but in the us , the federal system is not `` more powerful '' than the state system . 
  turkey 's borders are a lot harder to control wrt people wandering in than any other nato member ( assuming , for the moment , that they 're foreign nationals ) . 
  you break it , you own it !, 
   jobs , living standards and welfare states were all better protected in the heyday of nation states in the 1950s and 1960s than they have been in the age of globalisation ... voters have legitimate grievances about an economic system that has failed them . 
  [ median uk living standards are higher now ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/politicsandpolicy/real-wages-and-living-standards-the-latest-uk-evidence/ ) . 
  you and commie china do a lot of trade . 
   well it 's a bit soon , but it 's a good time for america to strike . 
  i strongly suspect that this has more to do with internal politics than external . 
  this is a couple of gop legislators looking to score points against obama . 
  * if the us and the uk were talking about this ( which , hey , they probably are ) , i suspect that you would n't hear about it until after it 'd been examined by both sides quietly . 
  * article 50 has not been invoked . 
  regardless of anything that the us is doing , it 's probably not going to want to be in the position of encouraging an eu fracture ( same reason i think that the handful of officials in europe publicly-threatening a scotland split are incredibly unwise ) . 
  if that fracture has certainly happened , then re-examination happens . 
  * i 'm no expert on trade negotiation , but my understanding is that a concern is ways in which they might interact with each other to create exploitable loopholes or incompatibilities . 
  the us will probably not want ttip to conflict with any trade deals with the uk . 
  unless one might be subject to later change , it would make sense for the larger , more-important ttip to go through ( or be canceled , whatever ) first . 
  the `` back of the queue '' comment would have referred to this -- it 's not a * threat * . 
  a us-europe schism would be really damaging to the us -- the us needs to work internationally with the collection of nations in europe . 
  the us is n't going to want to be played against the eu , and it 's not in us interests to have conflict across the atlantic . 
  yeah , i 'm sure that the us will operate with the uk , but it 's going to well stay away from anything that puts it in opposition to the eu . 
  if you want the us state department to be acting like farage does , it is n't going to happen . 
  right now , trump is on the campaign trail . 
  neither he nor any other campaigner is trying to work up a whole new comprehensive foreign policy for the us -- that will come from the bureaucracy . 
  if elected , he 'll issue some high-level guidance . 
  extrapolating about us foreign policy from campaign comments from trump would be very risky . 
  [ here 's trump 's list of positions ] ( https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions ) . 
  those are the things that you can think of a trump administration working for . 
  aside from some promises to make ( unquantified ) changes to us-china trade policy to pull in blue-collar voters , he 's not making promises on foreign policy . 
  finally , on a not-related-to-the-us note : looking at some of the most-hostile-to-the-eu comments here , i think that some people who want brexit are concerned about the eu being a threat to the uk . 
  that is , it could dominate the uk , and the uk might be militarily - or economically-helpless in the future , and that is why they want not merely a uk exit but an eu breakup . 
  kinda like comments i 've seen here from eastern european redditors and a russia breakup , rendering it no longer a threat to them . 
  i think that this is probably not a well-founded concern and perhaps it is failure to convincingly communicate this that has led to some of the british concerns over the eu . 
  first , it 's possible for a larger and a smaller country to operate side-by-side perfectly-functionally . 
  the us and canada do fine , and the uk and ireland , barring a bit of feuding over historical issues , seem to do all right too -- you are n't planning to invade the republic of ireland , yes ? 
  or to seize political control there ? 
  second , by-and-large ... there 's no * benefit * to doing this . 
  the things that produce value today , the bottleneck on the production of wealth ... in medieval times , it was land , something that you could capture and control . 
  even oil is n't * that * big a deal today . 
  today , the bottleneck on that creation of wealth is people , and it 's much easier to get them by just creating a favorable work environment and issuing work visas -- which , i might add , the uk had been doing in what gave rise to this whole political fight -- than to try to dominate or control a country . 
  the us could invade and annex many countries around the world , but it does n't do so , because it would be against us interests . 
  france and germany are not going to send their armies through the channel tunnel and then announce that now everyone is paying a 20 % tithe to the fourth reich . 
  if that sort of thing worked , the ussr would have been a smashing success . 
  third , if you do n't find any of the above convincing : i think that some brexiters feel that they are protecting the uk against an external threat that the uk bureaucracy is simply too blind to see from the eu . 
  let me put my perspective in : the british foreign office is perhaps , pound-for-pound , one of the most effective diplomatic critters on earth . 
  it successfully played factions off against factions and built coalitions and leveraged a * bit * of technological advantage to run a huge chunk of the world . 
  today , it 's successfully-wedged itself into the meeting point of the two largest organizations in the world , the eu and the us . 
  it has managed to extract special , favorable treatment in many ways from the eu , has access to the largest intelligence bloc on earth , has obtained ( and * retained * , through major changes in world power ) veto powers over binding un resolutions , you name it . 
  it has perhaps the most-extensive history of international involvement of any country . 
  if any one country could be said to disproportionately-be-dominating the eu , * it 's the uk * . 
  i 'd sooner expect germany or france to complain than the uk . 
  i would trust your bureaucracy to protect your interests on foreign matters . 
  it 's served you perhaps better than any other country 's foreign affairs office has served its country . 
  if it senses risk , it can always choose to pull out . 
  to override it would be to take the most-successful collection of specialists in an area and second-guess them with the man on the street . 
  i am not saying that the british are unique here . 
  i was talking to another guy in the us last week who was * absolutely convinced * that the un was somehow oppressing the us and that the us needed to get out as soon as possible ( apparently , he watched some rt documentary that explained all this to him ... * sigh * ) . 
   and i 'm not in the least bit surprised that trump has n't a fucking clue about foreign policy . 
  to be fair , that 's kinda the job of the bureaucracy . 
  his job at the moment is to get elected without making any promises that are going to be too awkward to go back on . 
  given current polls , he 's not doing so hot . 
  http://fpc.state.gov/6172.htm  ** most international agreements , however , have some form of congressional participation . 
  ** the senate must approve treaties by a two-thirds majority . 
  the bulk of executive agreements are either authorized by congress prior to their conclusion or approved after their conclusion , and might be called congressional-executive agreements . 
  as an example of prior action , congress has authorized the executive branch to conclude agreements on military and economic assistance , space and nuclear energy cooperation , and foreign trade , and has set forth goals , guidelines , and criteria in the authorizing legislation . 
  as an example of action after conclusion , congress approved the salt i interim agreement of 1972 by a joint resolution , with the jackson amendment which requested that the president seek a future treaty that would not limit the united states to levels of strategic forces inferior to soviet levels . 
    ** in the case of trade agreements such as the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) and agreements negotiated under the auspices of the general agreement on trade and tariffs ( gatt ) , congress has authorized negotiations in advance but required that it approve the agreement prior to its implementation . 
  ** 25 the implementing legislation for both the nafta and the gatt uruguay round agreements was considered under so-called `` fast-track '' procedures in 1993 and 1994 respectively . 
  this process had been developed during the nixon and ford administrations to protect a president 's ability to negotiate trade agreements with some confidence that they would not be undermined later by congress through the traditional rules applied to legislation . 
  under `` fast-track '' rules , congress was given 90 days to take action on the implementing bill after its formal introduction . 
  congress could not amend the bill . 
  each congressional committee of jurisdiction was given 45 days to review the proposed legislation . 
  the proposed bill was then only subject to a yes or no vote in the house and the senate . 
  since congress could not amend the final legislation , a practice developed over the years whereby informal committee markup sessions were held on the draft implementing bills to indicate to the president key areas of congressional concern regarding the specific trade legislation . 
  this process afforded the president the opportunity to address these concerns as he deemed appropriate prior to submitting a final bill to implement the trade agreement . 
  the debates over the nafta and the gatt uruguay round agreements were very contentious . 
  following passage of the implementing vehicle for the latter in a lame duck session of congress in late 1994 , the president 's authority to use `` fast-track '' procedures lapsed . 
  a subsequent effort by the clinton administration to secure renewal of this authority was dropped in late 1997 due to insufficient bipartisan support for granting it . 
  in the fall of 1998 a bill to restore `` fast-track '' authority failed to pass the house of representatives . 
  makes for good politics , though . 
  `` support the uk '' and all that . 
  that 's kinda missing / u/masterofbitcoin 's point -- farage is not all ukip voters and is certainly not a specific subset of ukip voters that might endorse violence . 
  you can be in someone 's face , undiplomatic , personally-insulting , and dishonest , and even someone who advocates policies that are harmful to his country -- and i would be willing to paint him with all of those -- but that is not the same thing as advocating attacks . 
  / u/masterofbitcoin was right to call that criticism out as unjustified . 
   he is very far away from a politician . 
  he 's a great politician . 
  he swayed a huge chunk of the british public to ram through a policy that he wanted that would have been unthinkable in many circumstances . 
  he 's a lousy diplomat or bureaucrat , sure . 
  i 'm curious whether your country would perform differently , given a similar environment of politicians making similar promises . 
  if there were false promises made , should n't the * brits * be the ones calling them out on it ? 
  in 18 years , assuming present trends hold , enough people in the uk will have aged out and died that there will be majority support for staying in . 
   let me tell you something uk voting to leave the eu is akin to washington or any other state voting to leave the usa . 
  would you be proud of washington too ? 
  to be totally honest , i do kind of get a kick out of the texas governor proposing secession ... but then , texas is n't seriously planning to secede . 
  they just like to stay in character ... so it 's not really the same thing . 
  if people fully understood the extent and scope of the consequences , that 'd be fine -- a value judgment . 
  but if a major theme of the leave campaign is `` you ca n't trust experts '' , that 's not exactly the situation .
