  ( flip side is that it can be harder to stop a party from doing objectionable things . ), 
  to sweden 's credit , regardless of who raised it , male-and-female conscription was a topic of discussion : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/10/06/swedes-are-calling-up-women-to-help-fend-off-threats-like-russia/  in a development closely watched by armies worldwide , sweden recently announced that it will bring back the draft . 
  perhaps even more surprising is that women also would be eligible if the plans are implemented . 
  a legally binding decision is expected next year . 
  i do n't know whether it 'll actually happen , but if so , i 'll give sweden props for walking the equality walk , not just talking the talk . 
  i think that a reasonably-sophisticated chatbot could handle it . 
  venting is something that 's mostly one-sided , and in the past , successful chatbots have tried to use conversations like that . 
  eliza 's probably a very early example of essentially this , in fact -- it recognized that talking about something is psychologically-helpful , so it just manages to keep up a minimum of a conversation , asking questions . 
  i 'm not sure that i see the consumerism tie-in . 
   ivana , the czech-born first wife of the president-elect and mother of his children ivanka , donald jr. and eric , said in an interview last week that she would ask her ex for the top diplomatic post in her native country -- a move welcomed by a senior figure in the prime minister 's office in prague . 
  she 's asking for a us ambassadorial post to the czech republic , not to be the czech republic 's ambassador to the us . 
  but as for the nepotism bit , yeah , the hell with all of that . 
  she seems to have a history here , and donald seems to be gung-ho on it :  [ ivanka ] trump took a major role in the trump organization . 
  she became the vice president of interior design for the company , leading the signature design of trump tower . 
  afterwards , her then-husband appointed her to head up the trump castle hotel and casino as president . 
   not because of its beauty . 
  well , i do n't know . 
  here 's [ hong kong ] ( https://www.bhmpics.com/walls/beautiful_hong_kong_night_sky-wide.jpg ) , and here 's [ london ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1358785/city-london-night.jpg ) . 
  they both seem to me to have aesthetic appeal . 
  we have a federation over here , and we spend 14.3 % of gdp on government spending , less than all european countries but romania . 
   has confederation ever been known for long-term stability ? 
  [ some have ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_confederations ) . 
  many have not . 
   why would you trust , that those people could draft up a viable and working system/constitution for a federal state , that failed to do so for a confederation of states ? 
  perfect , no , never that . 
  but working ? 
  yes . 
  [ the us had the same dysfunctional confederation that became a federation with the adoption of the us constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutional_convention_%28united_states%29#historical_context ) :  before the constitution was drafted , the nearly 4 million inhabitants [ 4 ] of the 13 newly independent states were governed under the articles of confederation , created by the second continental congress . 
  it soon became evident to nearly all that the chronically underfunded confederation government , as originally organized , was inadequate for managing the various conflicts that arose among the states . 
  [ 5 ] :4 -- 5 [ 6 ] :14 -- 16 as the articles of confederation could only be amended by unanimous vote of the states , any state had effective veto power over any proposed change . 
  [ 7 ] in addition , the articles gave the weak federal government no taxing power : it was wholly dependent on the states for its money , and had no power to force delinquent states to pay . 
  [ 7 ]   once the immediate task of winning the american revolutionary war had passed , the states began to look to their own interests , and disputes arose . 
  these included a dispute between maryland and virginia over the potomac river and opposition to rhode island 's imposing taxes on all traffic passing through it on the post road that linked all the states . 
  james madison suggested that state governments should appoint commissioners `` to take into consideration the trade of the united states ; to examine the relative situation and trade of said states ; to consider how far a uniform system in their commercial regulations may be necessary to their common interests and permanent harmony '' . 
  [ 8 ] :92   in september 1786 , at the annapolis convention , delegates from five states called for a constitutional convention in order to discuss possible improvements to the articles of confederation . 
  two hundred and twenty-nine years ago , that convention instead decided that it would be best to federalize , and created a new federal constitution . 
  at its end , [ benjamin franklin addressed the same issue you raise here ] ( http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/debates_917.asp ) . 
  the representatives doubted themselves , were concerned that their federalization might create problems , and all had disagreements about what the federalization should involve . 
  they were worried that the constitution might be poorly-constructed , or that their states might not accept it , but were worried about the disintegration of the confederation if they did not do it , and believed that the confederation was not working well as a confederation . 
  they produced a draft of a constitution , and after reading it , before finally voting to accept or reject federalization , franklin 's words :  i confess that there are several parts of this constitution which i do not at present approve , but i am not sure i shall never approve them : for having lived long , i have experienced many instances of being obliged by better information , or fuller consideration , to change opinions even on important subjects , which i once thought right , but found to be otherwise . 
  it is therefore that the older i grow , the more apt i am to doubt my own judgment , and to pay more respect to the judgment of others . 
  most men indeed as well as most sects in religion , think themselves in possession of all truth , and that wherever others differ from them it is so far error . 
  steele a protestant in a dedication tells the pope , that the only difference between our churches in their opinions of the certainty of their doctrines is , the church of rome is infallible and the church of england is never in the wrong . 
  but though many private persons think almost as highly of their own infallibility as of that of their sect , few express it so naturally as a certain french lady , who in a dispute with her sister , said `` i do n't know how it happens , sister but i meet with no body but myself , that 's always in the right -- * il n ' y a que moi qui a toujours raison * . '', 
    in these sentiments , sir , i agree to this constitution with all its faults , if they are such ; because i think a general government necessary for us , and there is no form of government but what may be a blessing to the people if well administered , and believe farther that this is likely to be well administered for a course of years , and can only end in despotism , as other forms have done before it , when the people shall become so corrupted as to need despotic government , being incapable of any other . 
  i doubt too whether any other convention we can obtain , may be able to make a better constitution . 
  for when you assemble a number of men to have the advantage of their joint wisdom , you inevitably assemble with those men , all their prejudices , their passions , their errors of opinion , their local interests , and their selfish views . 
  from such an assembly can a perfect production be expected ? 
  it therefore astonishes me , sir , to find this system approaching so near to perfection as it does ; and i think it will astonish our enemies , who are waiting with confidence to hear that our councils are confounded like those of the builders of babel ; and that our states are on the point of separation , only to meet hereafter for the purpose of cutting one another 's throats . 
  thus i consent , sir , to this constitution because i expect no better , and because i am not sure , that it is not the best . 
  the opinions i have had of its errors , i sacrifice to the public good . 
  i have never whispered a syllable of them abroad . 
  within these walls they were born , and here they shall die . 
  if every one of us in returning to our constituents were to report the objections he has had to it , and endeavor to gain partizans in support of them , we might prevent its being generally received , and thereby lose all the salutary effects & great advantages resulting naturally in our favor among foreign nations as well as among ourselves , from our real or apparent unanimity . 
  much of the strength & efficiency of any government in procuring and securing happiness to the people , depends , on opinion , on the general opinion of the goodness of the government , as well as well as of the wisdom and integrity of its governors . 
  i hope therefore that for our own sakes as a part of the people , and for the sake of posterity , we shall act heartily and unanimously in recommending this constitution ( if approved by congress & confirmed by the conventions ) wherever our influence may extend , and turn our future thoughts & endeavors to the means of having it well administred . 
    on the whole , sir , i can not help expressing a wish that every member of the convention who may still have objections to it , would with me , on this occasion doubt a little of his own infallibility , and to make manifest our unanimity , put his name to this instrument . -   he then moved that the constitution be signed by the members and offered the following as a convenient form viz . 
  `` done in convention by the unanimous consent of the states present the 17th . 
  of sepr . 
  & c-in witness whereof we have hereunto subscribed our names . '', 
  i think that those same points apply as well . 
  there will be no perfect agreement that could be created for the eu . 
  there will always be doubts and concerns and risks . 
  but , if the people of the eu wish to make federalization work , and if they take a good-enough document and commit to making it work , i think that it certainly can work . 
  you think that obama looks aged after his term in office , may is gon na be a wreck . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_pollution_in_india  a 2013 study on non-smokers has found that indians have 30 % lower lung function compared to europeans . 
  [ 6 ] [ snip ]  the global burden of disease study for 2010 , published in 2013 , had found that outdoor air pollution was the fifth-largest killer in india and around 620,000 early deaths occurred from air pollution-related diseases in 2010 . 
  [ 27 ] according to a who study , 13 of the 20 most-polluted cities in the world are in india eeew . 
  the characters are caricatures and do n't feel realistic . 
   well to be fair , sarkozy is pretty much saying anything he can think of to get votes in next week primaries . 
  a few weeks ago he said global warming was n't caused by human . 
  he will loose according to every poll so he is quite desperate . 
  this sounds remarkably similar , somehow . 
  i just do n't want to get into a `` democrats suck , republicans are awesome '' , or `` republicans suck , democrats are awesome '' thing , and if that was what fweespeech was wanting , i wanted to opt out . 
  fweespeech probably wants to talk about why he feels that the democrats are the right way to go and the republicans are a bad choice . 
  there 's no shortage of those arguments , tons of people are emotionally-invested , nothing new comes up , they never end , and it does n't have anything to do with trump in particular . 
  / r/politics or a zillion other places will spend all day with thousands of people all angrily yelling at each other over the matter . 
  basically , it 's just a lot of people yelling `` my values '' , `` no , my values '' back and forth on every wedge issue that about half of the population takes a position on and cares enough to vote on . 
  healthcare insurance subsidies , education subsidy specifics , gender and race policy , abortion , and on and on and on . 
  you do n't wind up with any collective answers coming out of such a thread -- it 's a collection of all the `` not resolved '' arguments in us society . 
  usually someone gets worked up and flames the other , and the people start downvoting each other , and there are more flames and the whole thing just goes to hell . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying should happen . 
  if the vermont national guard is obliged to come by the federal government , then the state governor can not refuse to send them . 
  he 's got no power to block federalization . 
  state governors can do what they want with state defense forces , as they are not federalizable . 
  national guard units are different . 
  they 're under state control most of the time , but in the event of conflict , the federal government can take control of them . 
  if they 're called up , they must come , same as any military being called up . 
  i think that you may misunderstand the nature of the objection about nato budget . 
  that would n't be a surprise -- trump appears to have a similar misunderstanding . 
  there * are * member contributions to nato . 
  those pay for office buildings and so forth . 
  this is a relatively-small amount of money . 
  this is not what people are talking about . 
  what people are talking about with the `` 2 % of gdp '' is completely-different and a vastly-larger sum of money . 
  that is simply a measurement of how much individual members spend on their own military -- it 's not `` given '' to nato or to the us or anything like that . 
  because their militaries are a member of nato , this ensures that all members can contribute something . 
  people advocating for the 2 % of gdp minimum are simply asking for member countries to fund their own millitaries to a minimum level . 
  what had happened was that after the cold war , various members started cutting their military capability . 
  okay , fine , times differ .
