  you can bequeath them to your children as inherited property and can make them slaves for life , but you must not rule over your fellow israelites ruthlessly . 
  and leviticus is n't the only juicy one . 
  deuteronomy 25:11 -12 , for example :  if two men are fighting and the wife of one of them comes to rescue her husband from his assailant , and she reaches out and seizes him by his private parts , you shall cut off her hand . 
  show her no pity . 
   iran is not some weak little country like iraq or afghanistan . 
  [ pre-gulf-war iraq was comparable to iran ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran%e2%80%93iraq_war ) . 
   dude , does `` respect the rules or gtfo '' only apply to foreigners ? 
  in austria ? 
  sure . 
  you can deport a foreigner for breaking the law , but you can not exile an austrian . 
  [ european convention on human rights ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/convention_eng.pdf ) :  article 3   prohibition of expulsion of nationals   1 . 
  no one shall be expelled , by means either of an individual or of a collective measure , from the territory of the state of which he is a national . 
  no one shall be deprived of the right to enter the territory of the state of which he is a national . 
  hmm . 
  if you 're donald trump , you presumably have a prenup that states that however many millions said trophy wife * would * when she ages a bit and gets divorced go out the window if she does n't satisfactorily-perform for n years . 
  google translate says `` omelette au fromage '' . 
  obviously both the frenchman and the belgian here need to brush up on their french . 
  sad !, 
   it wo n't happen . 
  if you could induce a volcano in finland ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tectonic_weapon  a tectonic weapon is a hypothetical device or system which could create earthquakes , volcanoes , or similar events in specified locations by interference with the earth 's geological processes . 
   i 've evolved on many issues over the years . 
  and you know who else has ? 
  is ronald reagan evolved on many issues . 
  i see that the zombie reagan for president campaign marches on . 
   how we had romanian agents working for the ussr in smuggling metric tons of afghani heroin to american ghettos , and people say that the ussr did n't expend money and resources on producing consumer entertainment !, 
  https://cpj.org/blog/2015/07/erdogan-vs-the-press-president-uses-insult-law-to-.php  president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan is known for being intolerant of critics . 
  during his third term as prime minister , turkey was the leading jailer of journalists in the world with more than 60 behind bars at the height of the crackdown in 2012 . 
  most of those have been released , but the press faces another threat -- article 299 of the penal code , `` insulting the president , '' which carries a prison term of more than four years if content deemed to be offensive is published in the press . 
  just saying ... that probably counts as an insult . 
  that was n't because germany pushed its policies . 
  i 'm pretty sure merkel 's greater visibility was because merkel had a more-stable domestic coalition and thus had more freedom to operate while maintaining domestic support . 
  unpopular policy ? 
  merkel can afford to be its public face . 
  hollande could not . 
  nato is a military alliance . 
  that is all it is . 
  is it a potent force ? 
  yeah . 
  but even if you 're euroskeptic , you 've got ta admit that peace is n't purely guaranteed by the military sphere , and it is n't even necessarily best guaranteed via military . 
  nato will not try to create a collective identity . 
  it wo n't try to establish common language ( well , okay , it will , but only in the context of soldiers on military operations ) . 
  it wo n't create culture , or encourage people across countries to intermarry . 
  germany and france could hate each other again , and nato would not and could not stop it . 
  nato will stop external aggression . 
  but it ca n't do anything about internal conflicts . 
  well , have juncker or tusk at * least * be the public face for decisions that the eu is collectively acting upon . 
  i think that it 's bad pr to have had merkel and hollande do the press conferences and whatnot on eu-wide issues . 
  sure , looks good for them , but makes other eu members feel unrepresented . 
  what is the deal with the netherlands over immigration , anyway ? 
  i have n't heard about any significant incidents in the netherlands , but the netherlands regularly shows up on stuff like rhe ukraine referendum . 
   the anti-eu side of the left wing people think that it is on the path to or has already reached late-stage capitalism , and thus has become a vehicle for the rich elite instead of a project for peace and prosperity ... however , you only need to look at greece and their struggles , for which the blame is ( partially justifiedly ) placed on the eu . 
  the anti-eu left is blaming * capitalism * for a collapse resulting from corruption in the * greek government * ? 
  seriously ? 
   what nato allows is the us positioning missile batteries all around russia through member states . 
  members states by that both subcontracts their defense to the usa , and back russia into a corner . 
  back a rabid dog into a corner and it will bite , and that 's what crimea was . 
  insofar as there was any action that triggered crimea , it was barroso negotiating a trade agreement with ukraine . 
  at that point in time , ukraine 's public was strongly against nato membership , and did not change until after crimea and donbas . 
  in fact , nato had been withering from lack of interest , if anything . 
  the us was off on a pivot-to-asia kick , and most european countries had military budgets at an all-time low . 
  crimea drove the response . 
  and if you think that signing trade deals with a country can in any way be justifiable grounds for an attack on and annexation of part of a country , then you 're giving a thumbs-up to attacks on many countries . 
  yeah , i 'd be more sympathetic to the `` not everything worked out the way i 'd want '' if there was some sort of active alternative plan being proposed . 
  simply ignoring things does n't inherently turn into a fantastic outcome either . 
  there was no significant involvement in somalia : a three-year abortive un attempt in the middle of the war to stabilize things after years of war . 
  that civil war is still ongoing and has been since 1986 . 
   ultimately there is of course a need for more security forces in europe - but why would that have to happen within nato ? 
  it does n't , but it 's not likely to be more cost-effective outside of it . 
   it 'd get lost in the giant overhead german military has so iron that out . 
  there 's nothing genetic in germans that requires them to have an inefficient military . 
   and would barely help buy more weapons or employ more soldiers . 
  a 66 % increase in the largest european country would not `` barely make a difference '' . 
   what we really need is more coordniation and cooperation in europe when buying jets for example . 
  you can do that too -- they are n't incompatible . 
  and then he appointed our last nato supreme allied commander transformation to be his secdef ? 
  that 's not exactly consistent ... 
  he definitely can be both the cowboy and the anti-cowboy . 
  browsing through more mattis quotes :  the first time you blow someone away is not an insignificant event . 
  that said , there are some assholes in the world that just need to be shot . 
  --  find the enemy that wants to end this experiment ( in american democracy ) and kill every one of them until they 're so sick of the killing that they leave us and our freedoms intact . 
  --  be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everybody you meet . 
  --  there is nothing better than getting shot at and missed . 
  it 's really great . 
  --  we 've backed off in good faith to try and give you a chance to straighten this problem out . 
  but i am going to beg with you for a minute . 
  i 'm going to plead with you , do not cross us . 
  because if you do , the survivors will write about what we do here for 10,000 years . 
  --  we can kill lots of people . 
  we do kill lots of people . 
  we can destroy virtually anything we choose to destroy . 
  --  actually , it 's a lot of fun to fight . 
  you know , it 's a hell of a hoot . 
  some anti-cowboy ones :  if in order to kill the enemy you have to kill an innocent , do n't take the shot . 
  do n't create more enemies than you take out by some immoral act . 
  --  you are part of the world 's most feared and trusted force . 
  engage your brain before you engage your weapon . 
  --  i think , broadly speaking , the us military 's role - us military activism in various parts of the islamic world over the past several decades has been counterproductive . 
  --  i think the core problem is much closer to recognizing where force is of value , where it is useful , and to distinguish that from situations in which war is not useful or is indeed counterproductive . 
  --  the destruction that we have wreaked in the various theaters in which we 've been engaged is really quite astonishing . 
  but again , lethality , destruction , killing does n't seem to achieve our objectives .
