   how exactly do you propose that one should explain to a group of people that they 're wrong about something ? 
  well , calling someone stupid is n't going to work well * even if * they are actually unintelligent . 
  and i suspect that there are more nuanced reasons . 
  most people have n't studied economics . 
  the advantages of trade are not very intuitive . 
  i have not studied medicine . 
  but if i tried tilting my head back to deal with a nosebleed and a medical doctor called me an idiot and a fool for doing so , i 'd probably be put out about it . 
   if the bit in question has been denied its constitutionally guaranteed rights to local representation [ crimea was n't permitted to vote in the 2014 elections because it was under occupation by russia at the time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_parliamentary_election,_2014 ) , and the ukrainian government was not able to set up or monitor voting . 
  there is no reason to believe that , with ukrainian authority restored , ukraine would deny representation . 
  it seems terribly-unlikely that the uk would treat votes from its own territory , if controlled by a hostile power , as binding on its government . 
  if you follow this mechanism : * i invade part of a country . 
  * i occupy it . 
  * the government of that country does not grant the area controlled by my forces the ability to select representatives in its parliament . 
  you would then say `` okay , that 's a legal basis to annex that area '' . 
  that could , frankly , be more-simply reduced to saying `` invading and subsequently annexing territory is okay '' , because no government is going to extend such rights . 
  additionally , even * had * this not been the case , i 'd point out that you 're proposing an after-the-fact change to international law . 
  eh , trump won on a `` reject the elites and fight for the little man '' ticket . 
  he is probably in the top ten people in the world who i would consider least able to do that based on his background and image . 
  if he can do it , anyone can . 
  if you do n't , you greenlight neighbors annexing bits of any country undergoing internal turmoil . 
   the proposed measure would curb online weapons sales and impose more restrictions on assault weapons and was drafted after the isis terrorist attacks in paris last november that killed scores of people . 
  an `` assault weapon '' is not a real thing . 
  the author may want `` assault rifle '' . 
   why face certain death ? 
  is the '' european dream '' worth it ? 
  yes . 
  eritrea 's public-sector wages start at $ 33/mo . 
  german * minimum wage * labor pays that in four hours . 
  even if you work illegally for below minimum wage , you 're much better-off . 
  and the environment is far nicer . 
  you can send home far more money in remittances working in germany . 
  as long as that math holds , if people are able to come to europe , they will . 
   how fast did the numbers drop ? 
  the program initially ran from 2001 to 2007 . 
  the drop was immediate and drastic , with arrivals nearly going to zero . 
  or just provide sufficient stability for elections and work with whoever is elected , instead of dealing with the resentment of an installed dictator ? 
  think big . 
  [ atlantropa !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ), 
  does n't solve the smuggling issue . 
  you can legally take whatever goods you want from anywhere in the uk to northern ireland . 
  a check would n't stop them . 
  once they 're in ni , if there 's no roi-ni border , the external eu tariff ca n't be imposed . 
  breaks the customs union . 
  if you want it adorned with `` trump wall '' in gilt lettering , we 've got a special discount . 
  we 're planning on some volume production of that in the near future . 
  wo n't the eu be the one to complain , not `` jingoists '' ? 
  i mean , the point of a customs union is that you can say `` i charge an n % tariff on item x '' . 
  if the uk is charging only 1/2 n % on that item , it 's a safe bet that a lot of goods are going to go to the uk , pay their reduced tariff , and then cruise on into the eu while paying no tariff to the eu . 
  i mean , i 'm gung-ho on free trade and all that , but it seemed like there was some concern over eu ftas . 
  you guys ever considered swapping territory or straightening roads ? 
   basically brexit royally fucked norn unless the uk government is really going to take their concerns seriously . 
  which they havent yet . 
  in the uk government 's defense , i do n't think that anyone 's concerns have clearly been addressed yet . 
  not like ni is being singled out . 
  thanks for the response . 
  it 's informative !, 
   a ) the initial impulse for the `` european defense '' idea since 2000 ( in whatever shape or under whatever moniker it comes ) was the franco-british st. malo agreement of 1998 . 
  part of that was the explicit intention to transplant the interventionist strategic cultures and attitudes that both the uk and france have onto the rest of the eu member states . 
  this has failed . 
  with the uk moving out of the eu france is the only state with this socio-political culture and faces a coalition of 26 other members which view `` defense '' in decidedly different terms . 
  and quite a number of them have also very different priorities for their domestic militaries . 
    b ) the red threat of all french strategic documents is `` strategic autonomy '' - nothing must remove this autonomy from the french state and its institutions . 
  so far so good . 
  problem is that this also means that the french political and military bodies are not truly seeking a `` european '' solution , but have sought to transform the other eu members into resource providers for french-led operations in africa that serve predominantly the french foreign policy interest . 
  well , another possibility : that there be two eu military groups , a defense group and an expeditionary group . 
  the latter could potentially consist only of france . 
  the former could be a eu military bloc involving all member countries -- last i looked , if the uk leaves , the remaining countries sum to about twice france 's defense budget . 
  there could be some form of mechanism for either france or non-france eu to activate the other under certain conditions and coordination on other issues on an opt-in basis . 
  that is less-satisfactory -- france 's nuclear status , aircraft carrier , unsc seat and so forth would all be helpful to have . 
  it might make it harder for france to get individual other eu members to conduct french missions abroad than is the case today . 
  however , it might also have some interesting characteristics : it is probably less-politically-costly to fund france for expeditionary issues than to require other countries to go abroad , so it could give the eu a sort of expeditionary-force-by-proxy . 
  it would deal with the `` small individual baltics all alone '' issue . 
  it could achieve some of france 's wishes by giving france a clear position of leadership in eu military affairs abroad that otherwise would probably not be politically-acceptable . 
  certainly there could be some process for , in dire need , having the eu involve all member states in any expeditionary issues . 
  i am not a huge fan of the eu army concept in the absence of a common foreign policy , because it seems to me that this would be very difficult to make work : i think that it is a little too-easy for the typical person to mentally-separate acquisitions and spending and decisions on research funding and all that from foreign policy more than really should be the case . 
  the us decided to fund anti-ballistic-missile research specifically because it had foreign policy concerns that it needed to address , and made the decision to fund , construct , and make war plans surrounding the hardware based on that foreign policy . 
  it decided to fund attack submarines specifically because it had foreign policy concerns that it needed to address . 
  it does n't just randomly develop things and then just grab whatever 's lying around when it decides that it needs to fight a war . 
  i think that it is easy for a federalist to see a military as a nicely-isolated click on a ratchet wheel towards integration , when in practice it might be horribly-impractical . 
  however , if one is hell-bent on a non-common-foreign-policy eu army approach , it seems to me that it might be * one * route to shift towards more-extensive security guarantees for eu members in a dicey position , to minimum funding guarantees , possibly to an acceptable ( or even popular ) route for some fiscal transfers . 
  i do not see how any member would be particularly worse-off . 
   on the other hand the same bodies are not truly interested in making compromises over different security interests of other member states - mostly visible in the relative french absence over issues on the eastern edge of the eu ( not just because of different military priorities , but also because paris views moscow as a partner in areas it is more interested in - the middle east ) . 
  this is the classic `` have the cake and eat it '' attitude most eu members have towards certain aspects of their membership ... and the reason why the other eu members are n't interested in playing he role paris has in mind for them . 
  hmm . 
  that seems more-difficult to resolve . 
  it seems to me that it would be difficult to exclude members from willingness to be involved in ensuring a common defense sufficient to instill confidence . 
  i think that ultimately , that might best be resolved by simply saying that the eu makes defense decisions as a bloc , take-it-or-leave-it , to other countries . 
  if there is no ability to apply political pressure , there is no reason to do so . 
  france can not say `` i choose not to have french soldiers in poland '' , so there is no benefit to russia in threatening to withdraw resources if france puts soldiers there . 
   remember the afghanistan roe and caveat debate ? 
   i do n't ... you 'll have to explain why this would invalidate us fighting together . 
   it 's more difficult . 
  there are vastly different attitudes towards defense industrial assets within the eu . 
  france , for example , keeps a certain level of control over the private companies via serious state-owned shares ( as an aspect of the `` strategic autonomy '' i mentioned earlier ) whereas the german state stays mostly out of such ventures ( exception is airbus because of its history ) which means german-based companies are truly private entities . 
  but airbus is also the prime example of this `` tug-of-war '' between states - in 2011 france and the uk proposed a merger of then eads with bae and a relocation of most activities to the uk and france . 
  of course germany blocked that because it would have cost german jobs ( and national politicians are allergic to giving up domestic jobs over nebulous `` lofty '' ideals like a strategic merger on the european level ) . 
  yes , there would doubtless be horse-trading , but i do n't see a scheme that is roughly-revenue-neutral relative to the status quo being impossible . 
  the same concerns about wanting lots of military funds ( or any other form of government funding from above ) coming to one region apply to the us and doubtless to other countries , yet they do not freeze up . 
  some people might need to move , some might need to change jobs , but that is a reality when anything changes .
