  there were trade , cultural , religious , ethnic , and so forth ties between the us and europe ; this was close to home in the way that a conflict deep in the center of africa or south america would n't have been . 
  * the us became involved in that conflict . 
  the armenian genocide has * vastly * less coverage than the holocaust . 
  * a number of people , be it for simple concern in social reform to avoid another holocaust , for political advantage , due to concern over the holocaust 's large scale , or for any number of other reasons , repeatedly highlighted the holocaust over the years . 
  there is no equivalent to that sort of repeated bringing-to-awareness for any other group of refugees that i 'm aware of . 
  probably talking about refugees from irish famine is the only other refugee situation that i can think of where you might have a chance of someone on the street having any past familiarity with refugee flows to the us . 
  maybe . 
  honestly , i doubt that that 's actually their view . 
  rather , i think that because it 's more-politically-acceptable to raise terrorism as a risk , as opposed to simply not wanting to have many third-world muslims settle alongside you , terrorism is what actually gets brought up . 
  i think that the issue is probably something of a proxy for the real concern . 
  motive is the first thing to look at . 
  who would have an interest in doing this ? 
  of course not . 
  they 've no reason to do this . 
  the [ largest cotton exporter in the world ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/agriculture/?commodity=cotton&amp;graph=exports ) , who clearly benefits from forcing you to buy another shirt ? 
  that 's a pretty suspicious party . 
  no european nations other than ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ belarus currently permit use of the death penalty ( though ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ belarus does execute people via shooting them ) . 
  edit : brain momentarily off, 
  that 's interesting . 
  the us does not permit someone to be stripped of their citizenship involuntarily , at least since some scotus ruling in the 1970s . 
  the french approach probably works well-enough in practice , but it does sorta suffer from an at-least-theoretical hole . 
  by partnering with another country which could grant an unwilling person citizenship , it is possible to then strip their french citizenship and any protections/rights that come with it . 
  it does n't do anything to deal with destination eu countries being swamped by large numbers of people shooting for asylum , but that 's not exactly the same thing as wanting to stop terrorism . 
  it does let everyone be processed . 
  from france 's standpoint -- wanting to vet people and know who is entering the eu -- that might be sufficient . 
  surely the concern driving france to request that borders be closed is n't small criminality , but risks of terrorism ? 
  i strongly doubt that obama would say no if article 5 is invoked . 
  heck , the us is already * in * syria . 
  he might limit the scope of us involvement ( `` you want a decade-long occupation , you 're doing it ; that 's outside the scope of what 's necessary to neutralize a threat '' ) , but reject article 5 ? 
  that seems really unlikely . 
  you think that it would take thirty years to bring internal security in countries neighboring france up to a french level ? 
  an arbitrary line -- whatever france considers safe . 
  do you consider france to have been clear prior to schengen existing or it being possible to reach that via closing schengen ? 
  if so , then that is clear . 
  so schengen closes down and country-by-country , some degree of combing people over -- whether it 's arresting/investigating known sketchy people , increased law enforcement methods , rolling out additional monitoring systems , whatever europe feels is required to meet an acceptable standard of safety -- goes out . 
  then , once any two countries have met that desired standard , the border comes back down again . 
  there 's nothing that france can do to secure herself that belgium or other eu members * could n't * do , after all , and if both sides of a border are considered safe ... < shrug  no sense in keeping it there . 
  i 'm not yet sold that this is permanent . 
  obviously , that 's one possible outcome , but this is obviously an emergency for france , and the quickest thing that france can do is to lock down her own borders -- she has authority to do that , the ability to do it , and can control customs , as well as search people within france . 
  in this case , people relied on being able to travel from belgium . 
  one possible outcome is that anti-terrorist law enforcement agencies collaborate and gradually reopen schengen borders as countries are considered `` clear '' and having sufficient border-control measures . 
  my belief is that it is in the interest of existing schengen members to put into place whatever border control is required to re-open internal borders , so i do n't see objection there . 
  * freedom of speech . 
  this has both an ideological component , and a practical side . 
  if you start slicing up speech -- and in particular , political speech -- it 's very easy to ban all sorts of things . 
  i realize that europe 's norms on hate speech differ somewhat from the us 's , but i think that there 's a compelling argument for this ; certainly you 'd agree that there are at least a substantial number of people in the world who take a more-expansive free-speech position . 
  additionally , most people in europe * are n't * going out and blowing up people , probably because they 've been exposed to other ideas . 
  if you isolate people with a particular viewpoint , they are n't going to be exposed to other ideas . 
  granted , a mosque itself probably is n't the best venue for that , as it can exclude external ideas , but simply trying to shut down undesirable speech rather than responding to it , as a principle , seems less-than-productive to me . 
  * visibility to the state . 
  a mosque is visible . 
  it 's a registered organization . 
  if you ban it , it may well mean that the same sort of radical views that would happen before at well-known locations happen ... but in harder-to-identify places . 
  countries do n't act on all intelligence that they receive , because they 'd lose some of those intelligence sources . 
  if belgium was able to discover that paris was going to be attacked , i 'm sure that they would have done something . 
  however , if they did n't , then shutting down a mosque would simply lose information about who is interacting with whom . 
  if you shut down every meeting place with radicals that you can identify , you simply ensure that the places that survive are those that you can not identify . 
   jamal ikazban , a socialist lawmaker in the brussels parliament ... and  mr ikazban said that under-investment in education and housing -- just as the muslim population was booming -- had helped to create the economic and social weakness that created `` fertile territory '' for radicalisation in molenbeek . 
  he said that there were pockets of 50 per cent unemployment in the area , and families where parents and siblings had never worked . 
    `` religion is not the main access point [ to radicalisation ] , '' he said . 
  `` it is that they can not see any future for themselves . '' hmm . 
  i 'm wondering how much of this is just the stock political answer that he 'd give . 
  that is , i kind of suspect that if he were interviewed about the causes of most issues , his policy to address them would be to increase state spending on services . 
  the beetle next to a gau-8 reminds me very much of [ this xkcd cartoon ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/21/ ) . 
  if you ignore isil casualties in iraq and syria , yes . 
  if you include them , isil 's managing less than 1 kill for each 100 deaths : the only western military member killed so far has been a us soldier in a hostage rescue . 
  there 's also been a handful of western civilians killed in other attacks or hostage-takings , though certainly the paris attacks are the dominant source of western deaths . 
  if isil maintains that ratio , all current isil members will be dead after another maybe 300-600 western deaths . 
  * charlie hebdo * appears to be really into [ gallows humor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallows_humor ) . 
   so you want us & eu guys die in hundreds [ losses to date in the coalition intervention in syria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american-led_intervention_in_syria ) :  1 us marine dead ( non-combat )   1 us drone shot down by the syrian arab republic   1 jordanian serviceman executed   1 jordanian f-16 crashed   692-821 syrian kurdistan fighters killed ( plus 3 foreigners )   1 unknown uav crashed against  3,276 isil fighters , 137 al-qaeda fighters , 10 jayesh al-sunna fighters , 2 ahrar ash-sham fighters killed . 
  that 's pretty cheap , from a western military standpoint . 
  zero european losses . 
  could keep doing this for a long time . 
  a ground war might involve more losses , but the air war is pretty cheap in terms of western lives , at any rate . 
  kurdish rebels would probably appreciate ground involvement , i suppose . 
  a ground war might end the conflict sooner , though i suppose there 's a question of whether that would be the most-effective way to deal with terrorist attacks in europe . 
  i suppose that it could act as a dissuasive measure . 
  no , because it does n't know of some explicit terrorist present , while refusing to turn him over . 
   if a politician would state that his policies are mainly based on the literal text of the bible , he would be ridiculed . 
  that 's not the same thing as banning it . 
   france has over 300 years of colonial experience to draw upon . 
  in particular , in [ running syria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_mandate_for_syria_and_the_lebanon ) . 
  the last time france was off taking control of countries , [ the us blocked her ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_indochina#first_indochina_war ) :  american president roosevelt and general stilwell privately made it adamantly clear that the french were not to reacquire french indochina ( modern day vietnam , cambodia and laos ) after the war was over . 
  he told secretary of state cordell hull the indochinese were worse off under the french rule of nearly one hundred years than they were at the beginning . 
  i kinda doubt that there 's political will in the us to interfere with france doing pretty much whatever she wants in syria . 
  france has a substantial posse in the form of the eu and is currently off acquiring political * carte blanche * from the un to break heads . 
  isis has rendered hostile all the powers that might reasonably have done anything to support isis . 
  the mediterranean is europe 's backyard , and europe is back on her feet and this european treaty call will militarily-unite europe with france . 
  if france is feeling ornery and if isis is looking for independence from the west , attacking paris could turn out to be a historic and profoundly-regrettable move . 
  ah , gotcha , fair enough . 
  i was just fascinated by this when it came up on / r/europe a while back -- i 'd no idea that anyone else used anything but the seven-continent model that 's used in the us , so i pay attention now . 
  and in all fairness , i 'm almost certain that isis is n't going to attack anything in antarctica . 
   but we won the war on the ground . 
  was n't [ algeria a loss , albeit a political one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) ? 
  that being said , i do agree that if there 's one country that i 'd be willing to believe is capable and willing to do unpleasant things on the ground in the levant and north africa , it 'd probably be france . 
   i 'm just saying this is n't war if all we are not sending troops on the ground . 
  pretty sure that that 's not the normal criteria . 
  if you guys decided to nuke someone , i 'm pretty sure that most people would consider it war , even aside from the more-technically-correct use of the word in which a declaration of war is declared . 
  fwiw , while i 'm just using that as a hypothetical , french nuclear doctrine is compatible with nuking isis at this point : [ wikipedia : france and weapons of mass destruction : current nuclear doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction#current_nuclear_doctrine_and_strategy ) :  in 2006 , french president jacques chirac noted that france would be willing to use nuclear weapons against a state attacking france via terrorist means . 
  he noted that the french nuclear forces had been configured for this option .
