  there 's no cake for anyone . 
   * replacing carpets with floor tiles what ? 
  i am sure that an independent uk would survive . 
  it woould not collapse . 
  but i am very suspicious that it would be worse-off . 
  is that a vote of no confidence ? 
  sound like we need a free money referendum !, 
  direct democracy ftw !, 
  or at least to encourage fighting between nato members , take your pick . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mnnl-ooi7i time to pull out the old cold war favorites !, 
  he * better not be buttering his bread underneath * , the damn commie !, 
   meanwhile defence ministry spokesman igor konashenkov made a point of warning washington that new defence systems moscow had shipped to syria meant that any unidentified aircraft flying overhead would get a `` surprise '' . 
  that did n't work out very well last time with mh17 . 
   `` russia decided not to wait to be punished by the united states for meddling in its internal affairs and instead seized the initiative itself to push relations down to rock bottom , '' he wrote . 
  that might sell well domestically , but being the initiator probably does n't work so well abroad . 
  eh , i imagine that they 'll probably wind up working at a different german bank , whoever has the closest role to that of db , that will expand and move in on db 's market share . 
  hopefully that bank makes better decisions . 
  and the us !, 
  i like it . 
  i can least understand populists using populism , but this guy is going to look like an idiot when vegemite prices rise . 
  actually , if the pound does drop enough , they might come back . 
  give the extent to which i see the phrase `` corporate greed '' show up on here , i 'm fairly convinced that a lot of people have n't cracked a micro textbook and do n't understand how the relevant incentives work . 
   the british version of the product is a sticky , dark brown food paste with a distinctive , powerful flavour , which is extremely salty . 
  this distinctive taste is reflected in the british company 's marketing slogan : `` love it or hate it . '', 
  ** the product 's name has entered british english as a metaphor for something that is an acquired taste or tends to polarise opinions . 
  [ 1 ] ** how apropos . 
   i should note that i do think that fears of trade courts are a legitimate concern , and do not support ceta for this reason . 
  you realize that nafta has isds too , right ? 
  do you object to nafta ? 
  north korea 's as protected as it gets from that race -- almost no external trade at all . 
  how much has it done for them ? 
  why is a us agreement of greater concern ? 
  [ we spent a decade during the cold war where at all times , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , 365 days a year , at least one and up to several bombers loaded with nuclear weapons was airborne and flying on an inbound leg to russia at all times . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_chrome_dome ) moscow did plenty of things that we did n't like during that period . 
  what 's your plan to top that ? 
  also , what would you do if someone threatened you ? 
  my bet is resent it and circle the wagons . 
  i do n't think that the people of russia are all that different from you or i. 
  i do n't think that russia will collapse ( on its own , anyway , and encouraging that would be a pretty serious action ) in the near future . 
  this is n't the ussr . 
  also , while i realize that ukraine would like the business with crimea and donbas to also be resolved at one go , and this would accomplish that , i 'm doubtful that survival-of-russia-as-a-state is a necessary escalation in dealing with what is a relatively peripheral issue in a city in syria . 
   to survive , the russians need lots of strategic depth . 
  at least that 's how the elite sees it . 
  i am not at all convinced that this is the actual concern among russia 's leadership . 
  why is he incompetent ? 
  you use ppp when you want to measure what a given amount of money will buy you in standard of living . 
  you use nominal when you want to measure the international strength of an economy . 
  if a currency dramatically falls , as was the case for russia , and as is happening to a lesser extent with the uk over brexit , that country 's economy is now weaker relative to the rest of the world , and it 's appropriate to include that when comparing economic strength . 
  nominal is generally-correct for the things that i see it used for . 
  to my mind , the standard to meet is that of a human , not of perfection . 
  if the pedestrians-hit-per-mile drops from the human level , it 's okay . 
  if , down the road , we want to work on improving that another way , that 's okay . 
   the u.s. has `` too much power to take back money and not enough power to make peace , '' mr. hollande said in an interview published in the french magazine l\u2019obs . 
    some officials in paris argue that the time has come to intervene with strikes against the regime of bashar al-assad -- but insist that france would need u.s. participation to make such an operation feasible . 
  u.s. president barack obama has resisted intervening directly in the syrian conflict against the regime . 
  if we whack russia in another proxy war , are you gon na be seriously committed to handling the aftermath , or is this gon na look like libya ? 
   mr. hollande , in his toughest critique yet of mr. obama 's foreign policy , said the decision not to retaliate against the syrian government in 2013 for using chemical weapons encouraged russia 's military expansion into ukraine and syria . 
    `` this signal was interpreted as weakness from the international community , '' mr. hollande said . 
  `` that 's what provoked the crisis in ukraine , the illegal annexation of crimea , and what 's happening in syria right now . '' huh . 
  russia says that it 's our fault too , just for letting countries into nato . 
  also , hollande , just last month , you were posting on facebook : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/09/12/frances-hollande-says-u-s-response-to-911-made-the-world-less-safe/  `` the response that the u.s. administration had to these attacks ... far from eradicating the threat , they have expanded it to a wider space . 
  in particular , iraq , '' hollande wrote , referring to the bloodshed that followed the u.s. invasion of iraq in 2003 and continues to this day . 
  `` and even though france , through ( former president ) jacques chirac , rightly refused to join the intervention which it even condemned , it has still been a victim of the consequences of the chaos it caused . '', 
  what cameron wanted : tory voters to stop voting ukip . 
  eh , the uk is an educated , developed economy . 
  they 'll be disruption , and i expect people will be worse-off , but the country wo n't be idly standing around with nothing to do . 
  if you want to have a lot of real wealth extracted from people attacking the currency . 
  the uk will probably be poorer , but not leaving-the-first-world . 
   the area was mexican for a very long time ... 
  it 's irrelevant , though -- the population was tiny . 
  the republic of texas had 70k people . 
  it 's been utterly overwhelmed by people later entering the area . 
   i think it 's entirely possible . 
  well , let 's take a look : us side ( which i 'm more familiar with ) : * no us state exhibits a realistic interest in secession in modern times . 
  * no us state realistically has the ability to secede even if it wanted to . 
  this got settled in the american civil war , over a much larger chunk of the country . 
  you 'd need another major bloc to , at the same time , support secession . 
  * california stretches way north , and does n't have much association with mexico way up . 
  * [ there 's major immigrant language shift to english . 
  ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2012/04/04/iv-language-use-among-latinos/ ) first-gen immigrants will be fluent in spanish and may only know english to varying degrees . 
  second-gen immigrants are still more-likely than not to be fluent in spanish and will know english . 
  by the third-gen , however , most immigrants are no longer fluent in spanish . 
  * my guess is that even if a state managed to break away from mexico * and * the states across the border would accept it , us statehood would be a major competitor . 
  mexico side : * according to wikipedia , the only real separatist movement is n't very strong and is in the * southernmost * state of mexico . 
  * i doubt that any mexican state could realistically secede even if it wanted to do so . 
  santa anna , in a time of much less central strength for mexico , lost texas , but suppressed the other rebelling states . 
  mexico 's a stronger , more-cohesive country now . 
  in summary : no impetus , and no ability . 
  same constraints will apply elsewhere other than to the extent that transport costs are significant . 
  nobody gets free materials . 
  teresa may could go on vacation and leave a tape recording saying `` no new public information about brexit , and whatever any of my ministers has said recently is all a load of nonsense '' . 
  international date line at edges . 
  that seems unlikely to go over well with mexico or the us . 
  the ukip slovakian auxiliary ? 
  we 're building a wall and making cyprus pay for it . 
  what 's your preferred projection ? 
  he 's not wrong . 
  if he works for us pennies an hour , it will greatly boost exports and he can start eating into vietnam 's labor-intensive marketshare . 
  ` course , standard of living wo n't be as high , but that 's the price you pay . 
   the civ5 dude [ william morgan sheppard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w._morgan_sheppard ),
