  the eu has been asking for us visa waiver status for romania and bulgeria , which the eu wo n't even let into schengen , much less unify with as a country . 
  no , which is why you established a customs union and are treated as one . 
  and there 's a way to be treated as a country -- become a country . 
   the eu is just `` the thing that makes all europeans use the same money '' . 
  well , some europeans in some of the eu ... 
  well ... not completely , in that it 'd be pretty much impossible to be in schengen but not have freedom of movement ( since the latter would be unenforceable ) . 
  has nothing to do with trump . 
  the situation was the same under obama , and requiring reciprocity for visa waivers dates well before him ( probably as far back as we 've had visa waivers at all ) . 
   although i highly doubt they would actually do that the us will absolutely do this . 
  it wo n't require legislative action -- the rule is already in place . 
  if germany cancels visa waivers for the us , the germany will lose visa waivers to the us . 
  if you consider that to be a worthwhile tradeoff , fair enough , but do n't do it expecting that germany withdrawing visa waiver status wo n't affect germany . 
   the point of the eu is that all countries must treat every eu member the same . 
  then federalize , and the world will . 
   if europe wants to cut off the nose of its tourism industry , why should we do the same ? 
  because the visa waiver program is bidirectional . 
  we would n't have the legislature take action -- it 'd simply happen automatically , as the reciprocity requirement is already in place . 
  the us visa waiver program has several requirements that a country must meet to get visa waivers to the us -- this means that people can avoid overhead of applying for visas . 
  if they do n't meet those , people have to apply for visas to come to the us , and can be rejected . 
  one of the major concerns is that people will come in and simply overstay a visa and work in the us -- this is how the majority of people in the us illegally present get in , not via jumping a border . 
  the two relevant requirements are : * countries must also extend visa waivers to the us . 
  this is relevant here in that a number of eu members who already have visa waivers with the us ( e.g. 
  france ) are threatening to stop extending them , depending upon how this vote goes . 
  at that point , us policy will also automatically terminate visa waivers to france . 
  * countries must maintain a visa rejection rate below a given threshold for a given period of time to be given waiver status . 
  this is the reason that poland , romania , croatia , and bulgaria are not allowed visa waiver status -- they have not met this bar yet . 
  the eu has decided that it can get a special status and get the threshold ignored for eu members that do not meet the threshold by applying pressure to the us . 
  it has threatened to remove visa waiver status for the us a number of times in the past . 
  the us has stated that it will not provide a special exemption for the eu members who do not meet the requirements . 
  finally , note that illegal presence in the us has somewhat-different implications than for the eu , given use of * jus soli * , the us being substantially-wealthier , and the us having extremely limited internal tracking of people compared to the eu -- this makes stopping people at the border significantly more important to the us than to the eu . 
  my guess is that the us will be unwilling to change visa policy . 
  i would also guess that the eu is aware of this , and is doing this for crowd-pleasing purposes , since it sells well politically in the eu -- this will probably wind up being the sort of vote that 's `` off by one '' in the us , where representatives coordinate their vote and come fairly close to passing it but do n't * quite * manage to get it through . 
   well , if the us requires that all of its partners buys its planes to be in nato which it does n't , so we do n't need to worry about that . 
   its promise of treating all eu-countries equally the us has n't ever promised to provide visa waivers to all eu members . 
  the criteria it applies is the same to all eu members -- some eu members presently meet it , and some do not . 
  this has nothing to do with trump . 
  it 's been long-standing us policy that countries need to meet the visa rejection threshold for visa waiver status . 
  and while i object to a lot of things trump says , i do n't object to the us requiring eu countries to meet the same requirements as all other countries in the world for visa waivers -- it 's the most-reasonable position from a us standpoint . 
  i mean , i can see talking about a work visa program . 
  but `` come in , overstay visa , and work illegally '' is n't a work visa program , and the eu trying to play hardball on facilitating that is n't going to fly . 
  if the eu wants a work visa program , then it should be proposing a work visa program . 
  you do n't have to buy the f-35 . 
   visa and other agreements between the eu and us are heavily tilted in favor of the us . 
  specifically how ? 
   only 1.49 % of poles overstay their visas ( source ) . 
  that 's under the threshold for the visa waiver program . 
  the visa waiver threshold is for visa * rejection * , not overstay ( though i am sure that the visa overstay rate is fed into a formula to compute rejection ) . 
   maybe us is afraid of that happening the bulk of people illegally present in the us are here on visa overstays . 
  the us extends visa waivers to countries once their rejection rate for visas falls below a given limit and stays below that limit for iirc a year or two . 
  poland is relatively-close to that limit -- if it continues to fall , it will probably be added . 
  romania is nowhere near hitting that limit . 
  bulgaria is nowhere near hitting that limit , and last i looked had a rejection rate that was actually rising . 
  if countries get their rejection rate down , they 'll also be added to the visa waiver list . 
  so , pretty much the same as has been true of all the modern countries in europe . 
   us 's contribution to nato is actually 22 % of the total budget according to their official website . 
  my bad . 
  no -- those are the administrative costs , to do things like upkeep of office buildings that nato uses . 
  this is a tiny amount of money . 
  the 2 % - of-gdp business is about maintaining a viable military and is a far larger amount of money . 
  / u/meanest _ phlebotomist is right -- they 're not . 
  it 's hard to have a viable military without military aircraft . 
  not having a viable military tends to result in unpleasant things happening the next time someone feels like you have something that they 'd like . 
   if the us retaliate by canceling the visa waiver program for europeans , this would backfire big time the us requires reciprocity for visa waivers . 
  if countries -- italy , france , germany , whoever -- cancel visa waivers with the us , as this vote will determine , the us will similarly terminate visa waiver status with them . 
  that 's existing us policy , and wo n't require legislative involvement . 
  us customs does n't care whether it 's a nation state , but does care whether it 's a country . 
   they are not build for combat . 
  if they were , in that case human nature would n't leave them with job of picking barry 's while men hunt animals . 
  maybe not with spears . 
  rifles care less about strength . 
  i do not understand the logic going through your head . 
  ... what ? 
  was also the roman empire 's idea !, 
  less than market rate , apparently ... 
  we know about that [ sneaky preemptive invasion of portland you had set up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defence_scheme_no._1 ) !, 
   get back to me when alabama opens an embassy in berlin , or germany opens one in birmingham . 
  or , more realistically , when the eu federalizes and opens the eu embassy in washington . 
   not really , eu countries are part of the eu . 
  okay , so federalize and you get treated by the rest of the world as one country . 
  you want the world to treat you as one country , then be one country . 
  hell , you have n't even let romania and bulgaria into schengen . 
   i was in favor of poland requiring americans to have visas realistically , does n't work while you have schengen , since anyone who enters schengen ca n't * practically * be prevented from moving around inside it . 
  that argument does n't really apply for romania or bulgaria , which are n't in schengen , but it does for poland . 
  from the us standpoint , that 's an issue for the eu to solve , not something that the us should modify its customs policy for . 
   it 's quality seeing sweden in 2nd above germany , france and the usa . 
  sweden vs germany sweden wins , 19 to 19 !, 
   yes . 
  wikipedia 's fallen afowl of this with the nirvana album cover of the naked baby . 
  * [ american album cover ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nevermind ) * [ british album cover ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blind_faith_%28blind_faith_album%29 ) * [ german album cover ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virgin_killer ) c'mon , france , your side of the atlantic is further on the fringe than we are . 
  oops, 
  quietly sit in the backyard with the ep , ec , and council of the european union in brussels . 
  why exactly is it not the case that state-funded television is available in other european members , anyway ? 
  it does n't benefit you to withhold it -- you 've already paid the costs to develop the content . 
   in jam , yes . 
  the hell ? 
  you 're all going to burn in the fires of hell , sinners !, 
  you know , on the internet , nobody knows you 're a dog ... unless you indicate it with a flair . 
  there 's freedom of movement only insofar as you can obtain labor -- you ca n't simply freely change residence at the moment without obtaining a job , even if living in a better-off area for some time would be conducive to picking up a job . 
  no , [ jesus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trijicon_biblical_verses_controversy ) loves [ force of arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_battle_hymn_of_the_republic ) . 
   i have read a fiery gospel writ in burnished rows of steel :   `` as ye deal with my contemners , so with you my grace shall deal '',
