  i 'd be pretty comfortable saying that the causation is the other way around . 
  the countries being blocked are those who have many people on poor terms with the us . 
  these are not likely places for us businesses in general to operate ( at least some of these have been under past sanctions ) , much less a us luxury brand targeting the wealthy . 
  i suppose so , but he 's equally interests in a number of countries . 
  barring more-explicit information , i do n't see that likely driving his policy . 
  that 's not going to fix the issue , though . 
  it 's been summarized many times over in the comments . 
  frankly , it 's not . 
  regardless of what happens in romania , the uk will wind up in more-or-less the same position . 
  the uk , on the other hand , is walking a difficult political tightrope that may set the direction of the country for centuries and trying to manage the best it can in a difficult political situation in which trump may wind up being a big deal . 
  the situation in romania is major news for the eu in general , since successful reform of governments is an important part of the european project . 
  but the uk 's interest in romania is in significant part going to be tied to the uk remaining in the eu , which no longer looks likely to be the case 26 months from now ... unless one hell of a 180 is managed somehow . 
  hmm . 
  which states ? 
  i was n't aware of supermajority requirements . 
  what ties do bannon and trump have ? 
  well ... sort of . 
  you can not go seize one of them and just use it . 
  but ... you 've got some explosives and some plutonium . 
  the most you 're going to be able to hide is the timing data for the conventional explosive lens . 
  i do n't know how hard it would be to obtain or approximate that . 
  if an attacker had unbounded time to work with it and state-level resources , i would n't bet that they could n't make a device based on the original using its parts that did do what was desired . 
  flynn was on rt and at a dinner next to putin , which was probably the most-flagrant tie . 
  the sos , like most head honchos in the multinational oil industry , had some degree of interaction with russia . 
  what else ? 
   referendum 's in the us generally require a 60 % thresh hold there has never been a federal popular referendum in the us . 
  are you referring to one of the states that has a referendum process ? 
   if ireland continues to maintain the cta border at its airports sure , but that 's incompatible with schengen . 
  yes -- i was just considering the prospects of the roi joining schengen being one way for the eu to dump the `` okay , then you 're stuck splitting ireland '' poison chalice back . 
  probably would n't work , since i assume that it 's pretty clear in ireland that the cta and schengen are bound , and joining schengen would be seen as termination of the cta . 
  i suspect that to any degree that this is winked at , it is also legitimate to wink at firing back at them . 
  not true . 
  https://ihl-databases.icrc.org/customary-ihl/eng/docs/v1_rul_rule97  the use of human shields is prohibited . 
    in the context of international armed conflicts , this rule is set forth in the third geneva convention ( with respect to prisoners of war ) , the fourth geneva convention ( with respect to protected civilians ) and additional protocol i ( with respect to civilians in general ) . 
  [ 1 ] under the statute of the international criminal court , `` utilizing the presence of a civilian or other protected person to render certain points , areas or military forces immune from military operations '' constitutes a war crime in international armed conflicts . 
  japan needs to get back to babies ... 
  robots do n't ask for welfare and other services paid for by tax , though . 
  a cent was more then . 
  err . 
  snopes is pretty well-respected . 
  what 's your beef with them ? 
  but ... the city of london is n't the capital . 
   germany 's financial regulator offered to allow most banks that move operations there because of brexit to keep current models for setting capital requirements ** for as many as two years ** , people with knowledge of the matter said . 
  for a transition , maybe . 
  the eu is not going to let banks operating in the eu ignore requirements designed to ensure the eu 's financial stability . 
  ... i am extremely skeptical , that this would be a condition or that the eu would seriously think that it would be . 
  what 's your source ? 
  but that 's not corruption ( aside from possibly your claim of nepotism in hiring , but there was no numbers there ) . 
  that 's just the ordinary costs of employing the officials involved in fact , paying them reasonably well arguably eliminates temptation to engage in corruption . 
  one might complain about the costs of operating the eu , but the right term would n't be corruption . 
  my point is that if there is n't data to support a claim of more corruption in the eu than in the ussr , then it does n't really seem fair to make the assertion . 
  finally , the costs here are going to be very small relative to the costs of country-level administration . 
  even if someone spent , say , twice as much as one could manage to get by on by being very thrifty , it 's fairly irrelevant at a country level . 
  something for an auditing department , maybe , bit not something that i 'd be determining membership in the eu based upon . 
   later in 2017 , a referendum is planned in south ossetia on whether or not to officially request annexation by the russian federation . 
  what an unexpected surprise !, 
   however , the greeks should know that turkey is not the country as it was in 1996 , '' kocab\u0131y\u0131k added . 
  --  [ and behind me , let it be known , marches a volk , a volk that is a different one than that of 1918 !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suxoerkjcey ) -- adolf hitler classy , turkey . 
   this is simply a way of trying to divide leave into two camps to try and force us to stay in the eu after we have already voted to leave , you can avoid unwarranted splitting by using ranked-choice voting . 
  a ranked choice vote would expose whether the public really prefers hard brexit , though . 
  there were very-recent polls on here polls showing her at 40 % to 60 % against fillon , who was her most-likely opponent . 
   the sheer amount of corruption and misused/stolen funds by the european parliament and commission as exposed by dani\u00ebl van der stoep make the ussr look like a bastion of integrity . 
  all right . 
  that 's a pretty extraordinary claim . 
  how much did each steal in dollar terms ? 
   now is the right time spain to do something to regain control of gibraltar . 
  encouraging part of a country to secede rarely goes over well in that country . 
  will everyone stop calling everyone else `` vassals '' ? 
  i 'd vastly rather have pence in office than trump . 
  pence is just your run-of-the-mill strong social conservative . 
  / r/europe has a lot of people enthusiastic about misusing the term `` vassal '' . 
   no longer are we amongst a group of around half a billion people , but now a less-significant nation of 64 million who pressure isps into blocking website , have the snoopers charter and has a humanitarian crisis in our nhs that is simply there due to budget cuts by the government and ergo inadequately funded . 
  well , only the population is really related to trade . 
  to be fair , some substantial part of that is due to money from tax structure , particularly as a way for us multinationals to avoid paying high taxea elsewhere in the eu , which it looks like brussels will tamp down on . 
  ( and is trying to do * retroactively * , grumble grumble ... ) i assume that it the long run , the eu will probably federalize and probably also see more fiscal transfers from wealthy to poor areas . 
  however , i would also doubt that intentional transfers will ever reach the present levels -- ireland is , these days , among the eu members with the highest per-capita gdp . 
  i think that it will be difficult for the eu to pressure the uk more than visa-versa on this point . 
  if ireland chooses to join schengen , then i assume that the uk will terminate the cta , which would possibly put the `` divide ireland '' onus on the uk . 
  not sure if the cta had a built-in trigger to end if the roi joins schengen or not . 
  still , might be hard for the eu to sell the roi on schengen , with the roi knowing that it 'll lead to partition . 
  fair enough . 
  not trying to claim that there 'd be net public support if all the costs were made visible . 
  ( though does n't mean that it could n't happen despite that ... i think that there was n't a good public consensus on the economic costs of brexit . ), 
  but . . as far as sinn fein being giddy ... i 'd expect sinn fein to want reunification even if it reduces the standard-of-living in ni and the roi . 
  it probably wo n't be the uk enforcing the border . 
  if the eu maintains higher tariffs than the uk , the eu will presumably be forced to force ireland to put up a hard border on traffic entering the roi from ni . 
  that probably wo n't sell well in ireland . 
  no , that would n't be accepted either , obviously . 
  and the eu will have a hard time not having a hard border at the edge of a trade union : smuggling would obviously be a serious problem . 
  i assume that may 's gon na hand the eu the politically-unenviable task of dividing ireland . 
   before this sinn f\u00e9in would have never have seriously conceived of northern ireland leaving the uk but with the level of flux in the political landscape right now it might actually be possible to occur . 
  the flip side is that if a hard border is put in place and are n't in the same economic bloc , ni and roi will tend to grow apart . 
  it 's not the korean dmz , but i 'd call it very much a negative thing for people who wanted long-term reunification . 
  autarky is the * true * path to prosperity !, 
   he is doing ( mostly ) what he promised people he would do . 
  how much attention did you pay to those promises ? 
  [ the 141 stances donald trump took during his white house bid ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801 ), 
  no , no . 
  corrupt politicians : `` my brother-in-law runs a construction firm that can expand prisons ! '',
