   why the hell would we want a free trade agreement with countries that have much less social benefits that we do ? 
  because comparative advantage means that your country will be better off . 
  in fact , the benefits are larger the more the countries differ . 
  you 're thinking absolute advantage , where one would `` win '' . 
  not the way things work . 
  you 'd wind up working more to pay for the benefits , but there 'd still be a balance of trade . 
  pew polls do n't say so . 
  i think that it 's more trade . 
  people lose their shit if they think that trade might eliminate their job . 
  europeans were doing that with the us . 
  as can be seen by trump getting any support at all , americans do n't act all that differently . 
  just with different countries and rationales . 
  for us workers , tends to be china . 
  god damn , people . 
  the eu is not `` german vassals '' , and the -- i dunno , i guess the anglosphere -- is not `` american vassals '' . 
  this sub has a bleeding fixation on the term . 
  hollande had a weaker domestic position . 
  he was n't able to be the public face of the eu in taking unpopular policies . 
  i do n't think that the amount that they show up necessarily reflects the actual relative influence that each country has . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think that having either hollande or merkel doing that was a bad idea . 
  should gave been juncker or tusk or whoever always being the public face , even if internally , all the decisions were made by country-level politicians . 
  makes people feel represented . 
  he 's correct , though -- greek workers should have made less money , at least relative to german workers . 
  that being said , germany also had policy to keep the wages of german workers artificially low . 
  i do n't know how much each contributed to the problem . 
  of the available options to the eu , it may have been the best . 
  at the time the euro was created , various eu members would not accept federalization . 
  without federalization and thus political union , germany would not accept fiscal transfers . 
  without fiscal transfers , the trade imbalance issues were going to be a problem . 
  so i assume that the eu took what it could get where it could , reasoning that if problems showed up , they could be used as an argument for further integration later . 
  barring a major external threat to get federalization to go through , as the us had , i 'm not sure that it would have been possible to do it in one fell swoop . 
  the british parliament did debate declaring trump * persona non grata * a few short months ago . 
  the world has certainly evolved rapidly since then . 
  it 's actually not two different words . 
  same word , just that different regions of the us pronounce the same word differently . 
  that 's some european solidarity there !, 
   at the point in time only a fool would talk in absolutes . 
   you are implying that eu countrys are owed the usa and uks protection . 
  they are not . 
  actually , they are , as they are from all nato members , unless members withdraw ... and it takes a year of delay to withdraw . 
   2 % is something the nato agreed on . 
  but since it was a target to reach within a decade we still have plenty of time left . 
  i 'd point out that that target was originally established in 2006 and that spending kept dropping . 
  now , okay , yeah , everyone then promptly had a recession , but i 'm just pointing out that this is n't a new issue . 
  does luxembourg even have one ? 
  they could also provisionally apply ceta between the uk and canada and then sunset it in n years . 
  that 'd avoid the thundering herd problem where the uk is going to be doing a lot of negotiations . 
  well , you made several claims : * that 12-year-old girls were involved . 
  * that they were being sold . 
  * that the sales were in the form of auction . 
  * that the purchasers were 14-year-old boys . 
  i was guessing that the girls are n't being * sold * , given that slavery is n't permitted in any country in europe . 
  i went looking on wikipedia , and it looks like the romani have a `` bride price '' -- but the term is perhaps misleading . 
  one does n't really own a bride . 
  rather , it 's comparable to a dowry , but in the other direction . 
  i do n't know whether it ever would have been correct to say that a dowry was a `` purchase '' . 
  so , let me go through the sources . 
  * does say that the marriages are arranged . 
  i know that it 's an indian tradition , and a bunch of my indian friends still have arranged marriages . 
  i remember raising my eyes at it , and their take was generally along the lines of `` well , the people in my family choosing have been married for a long time , and they know better what to look for than i do '' . 
  * they do say that girls marry young , and that often the marriage arrangement is done at a very young age . 
  * no source says that auctioning occurs . 
   hmmm i think that may just be a language thing . 
  in canada `` immigration law '' means entering the country and citizenship means becoming a canadian . 
  they are treated as different things , and regulated under different acts of parliament . 
  < investigates  hmm . 
  i guess it may just be that i 'm wrong . 
  i always thought that `` immigration law '' would address just law dealing with immigrants , but it looks like that 's incorrect -- it also refers to material dealing with guest workers and the like . 
   like how `` tabling a proposal '' means opposite things in american and british english . 
  neat , never knew about that !, 
  yes , good point . 
  i like hormone beef ... 
  you changed your visa laws , not your immigration laws . 
  afaik nothing changed that would cause canada to provide a new path to citizenship . 
  you might get illegal visa overstays and people working under the counter , but those are n't a path to citizenship unless they can successfully court a canadian and get married . 
  we refused to change our visa laws over ttip -- and i agreed with that position , as i 'd say that if the eu wants to be treated as a country by the rest of the world , it needs to take the plunge and finally federalize . 
  we apply the same fair rules to all countries , and i do n't want to split with that . 
  if i were in canada , i 'd have also opposed the visa change . 
  but ultimately , i think that it 's important to call it what it was : a visa change , not an immigration change . 
   eu officials have prepared arguments to counter suggestions that britain should be credited with a share of eu assets -- buildings , say -- to offset what it will owe brussels on leaving . 
    the bloc 's negotiators will argue that britain was not asked to pay extra for a share of existing eu assets when it joined in 1973 , so it has no right to demand repayment of any share now . 
  by the same token , though , the uk was n't asked to make back payments on entry . 
  so why on exit ? 
  thresholds for ballot access and single-vote systems do distort things , though . 
   i mean `` lead by example '' sort of thing . 
  maybe she means they can lead in free trade and human rights . 
  who knows ? 
  sure , why not ? 
  http://www.opensourceinvestigations.com/syria/gulf-states-response-to-syrian-refugee-crisis-a-myth-debunked/  western media miscount the syrian refugees because the primary data source , the united nations high commissioner for refugees , does not count the refugees within the gulf states . 
  these states are not signatories to the refugee convention , their refugee relocations are not handled by the unhcr . 
    there are 2 million to 3 million syrians in the gulf countries , many of whom arrived since the war began , but they are not considered refugees and they are not part of the unhcr statistics . 
  they are classified as `` arab brothers and sisters in distress '' instead of refugees covered by un treaties . 
  even though , according to unhcr officials , only in saudi arabia , there were 500,000 syrian refugees in september 2015 . 
    the government of saudi arabia has stated that , since the syrian conflict began in 2011 , it has hosted 2.5 million refugees and has given permanent residency to hundreds of thousands of syrians . 
   britain and america will no longer invade foreign countries ` to make the world in their own image ' , pm says how about for other reasons ? 
  's dress and facial hair - which recall the traditional representations of merlin , the mythical pre-christian wizard he once claimed was his uncle ... 
  sounds legit . 
   `` when will all citizens have realized that the 12 stars of israel on the eu flag mean their destruction ? 
  the eu flag has five-pointed stars , not six-pointed .
