  hollande has pretty-actively been trying to get through reforms that would improve france 's competitiveness . 
   is putin a humanist and hippy ? 
  but neither are the european leaders . 
  no , but there 's a rather large gap between being a humanist and hippy and slicing off bits of neighboring countries for yourself . 
  if germany had just announced that it was sending ununiformed soldiers in to annex part of poland and part of france , it 'd probably be getting a great deal more shit than russia is . 
  i do n't think that russia is being treated unreasonably at all . 
   or it 's vassals i get annoyed when the russia crowd calls countries in europe `` us vassals '' , which is clearly not the case . 
  while i know very little about russia 's relationship with belarus , i 'm pretty confident that it could n't be reasonably called a vassalship either . 
   nightmare ... lethal kinda emotionally-loaded terms . 
  yeah , he should have said that all ships in the area are required to respond to distress calls in international waters ( maybe all waters ) as well . 
  [ clos article 98 ] ( http://www.hri.org/docs/los/part7-1b.html ) :  ** duty to render assistance **   1 ) every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers :   a. to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ;   b. to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ;   c. after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
    2 ) every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements co-operate with neighbouring states for this purpose . 
  this is from the [ un convention on the law of the sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea#parties ) , to which almost all countries in the world are parties . 
  the most notable exception is the us , [ for internal political reasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_and_the_united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea ) , and even the us honors it in practice ; had the us not followed this particular agreement , prior international conventions and laws would have mandated similar actions anyway . 
  the sea is a dangerous place , where a vessel in trouble can not survive long -- all other vessels are expected and required to aid one in distress , and doing so makes for a safer world . 
  this is not a new or recent expectation . 
  i do think that the refugee convention could use revising if this leads to abuse ... but i absolutely do not think that the duty to provide aid at sea should be eliminated . 
  the best remedy to the problem of people abusing legal loopholes to illegally-immigrate is almost-certainly not simply letting them drown . 
  it might be to limit or shut down their ability to reach citizenship or work via that path , but letting people die should not be necessary , and would only lose an important international agreement . 
  not that i 'm saying that this is n't the case , but where 's the evidence to support an assertion that the people in question were from sub-saharan africa ? 
  i 've been sitting here watching the brit nationalist crowd ( `` fuck you , you 're gon na hurt more than us ! '' ), 
  and the jilted brussels crowd ( `` fuck you , you 're gon na hurt more than us ! '' ), 
  engage in a willy-waving contest for a couple of days on reddit . 
  you are both going to wind up poorer , weaker , and worse-off . 
  there are n't going to be any winners in all of this . 
  [ two more british reits just froze ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/henderson-suspends-withdrawals-from-its-uk-property-fund-2016-7?r=uk&amp;ir=t ) , on top of the ones mentioned in op 's submission . 
   the meeting comes as the financial conduct authority 's new chief executive officer andrew bailey told reporters that while the fund suspensions were not a `` panic measure , '' the regulator `` may need to look at the design '' of property funds . 
  given that there 's no conceivable situation where someone in his position would say `` this is being done in a panic '' , that first clause is pretty content-free . 
  well , if some of the reits go under , i imagine that things that depend on it -- pension funds , savings in the form of stocks , etc -- will also suffer . 
   if the vulcano below yosemite erupts . 
  yellowstone rather than yosemite -- different us national park . 
  and strictly speaking , [ some think that it is under human control ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russian-analyst-says-to-nuke-yellowstone-2015-4 ) . 
  not clear that that will happen . 
  hmm . 
  which element ? 
  if it 's that it was slightly higher than the result , you 'd expect * some * deviation -- it 's in fact quite unlikely to be * exactly * the same , just unlikely to be outside a small amount of deviation . 
  if you mean that it 's significant that it 's close to the referendum outcome , as an additional guarantee that their selection method is indeed representative of the overall population ... i suppose that does n't hurt . 
  it does n't eliminate all sources of potential polling bias , though -- as i suggested in another post , it 's possible that people might say they 'd do one thing in a poll and actually do another at the ballot . 
  no , i 'm talking about an unequal union . 
  note that if i understand the method used by the polling organization correctly , this would not attempt to correct for polling error . 
  that is , if polls tended to systematically overestimate remain support due to people saying that they would vote differently than they actually do at the ballot box , this would presumably do so as well . 
  that would be a concern for me , given that polls immediately before the vote yielded results more-favorable to remain than the ballot did . 
  hmm . 
  so you would see this or similar actions as being on par with a strike , sabotage , or similar actions in that the intent would be to cause maximum disruption in an effort to get political leverage ? 
  that the degree of disruption caused is the primary thing that would make it something to vote for ? 
  bane was the villain of that movie ... 
  your concern is that people working in the financial services sector are too numerous and that you 'd like to cull some of the herd so that the wages of the remaining ones rise ? 
  yup . 
  furthermore , something like that would have probably shown up on multiple media sources , and i ca n't find it by searching google news . 
   brexit was a surprise in that the vote was n't bought off as usual by the 1 % . 
  do you think that the brexit vote was an informed one ? 
   to reassure allies i am sure that countless people who investigated many diplomatic and public affairs issues in many countries came up with this phrase as the best of possible alternatives , but i swear , it sounds like the most patronizing term ever . 
  hmm . 
  how realistic is that ? 
  so ... how well do you think that britons ( and i 'm not calling britons in any way unique here ) understand their * own * government , much less the eu ? 
  [ if you asked people in the us for a referendum on basic elements of the us government ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/poll-many-americans-dont-know-basic-facts-about-government-2014-9 ) , i think that you 'd have a pretty ill-informed referendum . 
  that 's just life -- it would take a huge amount of time to bring everyone up to speed on it . 
  you can castigate people for it , but you got ta work with what you have -- people are people . 
  ca n't beat them up because your system does n't deal well with human factors . 
  maybe some effort could force people to learn a bit more , like trading off some other material for civics classes , but i do n't realistically think that the whole country could make a meaningful judgment on whether , say , we should get rid of the supreme court . 
  it 'd basically come down to two marketing campaigns seeing who could out-market the other , sound bites and slogans , same as the uk campaigns did . 
   if someone came here legally , worked hard , paid their taxes and built a life for themselves , we should n't tell them to pack their bags or use them as a bargaining chip . 
  i disagree . 
  there is , i agree , overwhelming interest in quickly getting a guarantee for existing people , but the same is true for overseas britons . 
  guaranteeing one without the other is diplomatically a huge loss . 
   as a proportion of gdp , however , the amount the uk exports to the eu is much higher than the amount the eu exports to the uk - meaning that this trade is very important to the uk economy . 
  i agree with the general idea , but how about measuring total trade rather than exports ? 
  that 'd be a better measurement of disruption . 
   next , we should guarantee all eu economic grants already awarded to uk firms and regions until 2020 . 
  we also need to start work right away on replacing the trade deals the eu has with other countries , and negotiating new ones of our own . 
  in the weeks ahead i 'll visit some of our most important markets -- including the us , canada , japan , china and india -- to kick this process off . 
  it 's already until mid-2018 no matter what . 
   second , whoever is chancellor should bring forward the autumn statement to october and use it to focus on supply-side reforms . 
  we should commit to reducing the headline rate of corporation tax from 20 per cent to 15 per cent , the lowest of any major economy . 
  i do n't understand why this in particular is an interesting metric . 
  further , are you planning to debt-finance this , or shift the tax load to another type of tax ? 
  arbitrarily taking it out of corporation tax seems a bit odd -- for example , if a country has high corporation tax and low income tax , that could easily be as attractive to foreign companies . 
   obama makes all policies through decree . 
  i do n't quite understand what you mean by this . 
  obama sets some policy directly . 
  he would potentially negotiate with congress on legislation to the degree that he can apply the veto , but normally the president is n't going to be setting legislation . 
  he seems to be pretty much the same as any other president on this to me . 
  in the case here , my understanding is that the french government is using an emergency power ( which i assume is related to the fact that one was declared to deal with the terrorism issue ) . 
  from the very limited bit i 've seen , i 'd call the labor reforms a good idea . 
  however , i can certainly understand objecting to someone objecting to powers granted for a very different purpose to push through an unrelated bit of policy . 
   canada will only be the big loser in a canada-eu fta without the uk . 
  as you said yourself , canada has a huge trade deficit with eu member except the uk . 
  this needs to be in a subreddit faq , because it comes up so damn much on here , with people judging the value of trade agreements to them based on whether they have a surplus or deficit : [ the goal of trade is not to produce a persistent trade surplus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercantilism ) . 
  you ca n't manage that in the long term even if you * wanted * to do so . 
   so britain will inherit this deal , veto it , or head to the back of the queue ? 
  canada or britain could agree to apply the deal , potentially-temporarily . 
  i mean , it 's clearly more-or-less * compatible * with the uk , and they could always revise it later . 
   during the ukraine and migrant crises he was basically acting like merkel 's pet . 
  on the basis of what material are you saying that ? 
  you mean that he did n't give as many statements as merkel did ? 
  i 'd assume that some of that was because some of the positions that she took were unpopular and that she had stronger domestic political support than the leader of any other major eu member . 
  hmmm . 
  would it be fair to summarize the concerns by saying that he was further-right than you 'd have liked ? 
  i wonder if there 's interest in uk media in doing stories on folks like you . 
  i mean , it 's a major web development framework .
