  the league did not fail because of its principles or conceptions . 
  it failed because those principles were deserted by those states which brought it into being , because the governments of those states feared to face the facts and act while time remained . 
  this disaster must not be repeated . 
  there is , therefore , much knowledge and material with which to build and also bitter , dearly bought experience to spur . 
    there is no reason why a regional organisation of europe should in any way conflict with the world organisation of the united nations . 
  on the contrary , i believe that the larger synthesis can only survive if it is founded upon broad natural groupings . 
  there is already a natural grouping in the western hemisphere . 
  we british have our own commonwealth of nations . 
  these do not weaken , on the contrary they strengthen , the world organisation . 
  they are in fact its main support . 
  and why should there not be a european group which could give a sense of enlarged patriotism and common citizenship to the distracted peoples of this mighty continent ? 
  and why should it not take its rightful place with other great groupings and help to shape the honourable destiny of man ? 
  in order that this may be accomplished there must be an act of faith in which the millions of families speaking many languages must consciously take part . 
    we all know that the two world wars through which we have passed arose out of the vain passion of germany to play a dominating part in the world . 
  in this last struggle crimes and massacres have been committed for which there is no parallel since the mongol invasion of the 13th century , no equal at any time in human history . 
  the guilty must be punished . 
  germany must be deprived of the power to rearm and make another aggressive war . 
  but when all this has been done , as it will be done , as it is being done , there must be an end to retribution . 
  there must be what mr gladstone many years ago called a `` blessed act of oblivion '' . 
  we must all turn our backs upon the horrors of the past and look to the future . 
  we can not afford to drag forward across the years to come hatreds and revenges which have sprung from the injuries of the past . 
  if europe is to be saved from infinite misery , and indeed from final doom , there must be this act of faith in the european family , this act of oblivion against all crimes and follies of the past . 
  can the peoples of europe rise to the heights of the soul and of the instinct and spirit of man ? 
  if they could , the wrongs and injuries which have been inflicted would have been washed away on all sides by the miseries which have been endured . 
  is there any need for further floods of agony ? 
  is the only lesson of history to be that mankind is unteachable ? 
  let there be justice , mercy and freedom . 
  the peoples have only to will it and all will achieve their heart 's desire . 
    i am now going to say something that will astonish you . 
  the first step in the re-creation of the european family must be a partnership between france and germany . 
  in this way only can france recover the moral and cultural leadership of europe . 
  there can be no revival of europe without a spiritually great france and a spiritually great germany . 
  the structure of the united states of europe will be such as to make the material strength of a single state less important . 
  small nations will count as much as large ones and gain their honour by a contribution to the common cause . 
  the ancient states and principalities of germany , freely joined for mutual convenience in a federal system , might take their individual places among the united states of europe . 
    but i must give you warning , time may be short . 
  at present there is a breathing space . 
  the cannons have ceased firing . 
  the fighting has stopped . 
  but the dangers have not stopped . 
  if we are to form a united states of europe , or whatever name it may take , we must begin now . 
  in these present days we dwell strangely and precariously under the shield , and i even say protection , of the atomic bomb . 
  the atomic bomb is still only in the hands of a nation which , we know , will never use it except in the cause of right and freedom , but it may well be that in a few years this awful agency of destruction will be widespread and that the catastrophe following from its use by several warring nations will not only bring to an end all that we call civilisation but may possibly disintegrate the globe itself . 
    i now sum up the propositions which are before you . 
  our constant aim must be to build and fortify the united nations organisation . 
  under and within that world concept we must re-create the european family in a regional structure called , it may be , the united states of europe , and the first practical step will be to form a council of europe . 
  if at first all the states of europe are not willing or able to join a union we must nevertheless proceed to assemble and combine those who will and who can . 
  the salvation of the common people of every race and every land from war and servitude must be established on solid foundations , and must be created by the readiness of all men and women to die rather than to submit to tyranny . 
  in this urgent work france and germany must take the lead together . 
  great britain , the british commonwealth of nations , mighty america - and , i trust , soviet russia , for then indeed all would be well - must be the friends and sponsors of the new europe and must champion its right to live . 
  therefore i say to you `` let europe arise ! '', 
   the tl ; dr of it was that it was easy to find terrorists to blow themselves up because the prospect of 72 virgins in the afterlife was better than no women in the current reality . 
  suffers from the same problem as other forms of [ pascal 's wager ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pascal's_wager ) : you have no evidence to support your religion , and so it 's as plausible as some other religion in which doing the `` right thing '' for your religion is the `` wrong thing '' in that religion , thus nullifying any expected payoff . 
  the [ montreux convention regarding the regime of the straits ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits ) disallows aircraft carriers from non-black sea countries from operating in the black sea . 
  in practice , this keeps nato from jamming an aircraft carrier right up against russia : france is not a black sea country , nor is the uk , nor is italy , nor is the us :  although the treaty is often cited as prohibiting aircraft carriers in the straits , [ 12 ] there is no explicit prohibition on aircraft carriers in the treaty . 
  however , the tonnage limits in article 14 , which apply to all non-black sea powers , would preclude the transit of modern aircraft carrying ships . 
  in the case of non-black sea powers , these terms make it impossible for transit any modern ships carrying aircraft through the straits without violating the terms of the convention . 
  [ snip ]  the result of this is that by designing its aircraft carrying ships such as kiev and admiral kuznetsov to have roles other than aircraft operation and by designating those ships as `` aircraft carrying cruisers '' rather than `` aircraft carriers '' the soviet union was able to transit its aircraft carrying ships through the straits in compliance with the convention , while at the same time the convention denied access to nato aircraft carriers , which are not covered by the exemption in article 11 . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] however , turkey * is * a black sea country , and can have whatever aircraft it feels like operate off its carriers within the black sea , were it to construct one . 
  edit : that being said , yeah , normally an aircraft carrier is used to deal with things a long ways away , which i would n't have thought would be a primary concern of turkey ... but , hey , who knows what turkey wants to do in the long run ? 
  oh , the political initiative ... okay , ya , makes sense , sorry . 
   call the us the ` most generous country on the surface of earth ' . 
  they 're talking about private giving to charity . 
  http://www.forbes.com/2008/12/24/america-philanthropy-income-oped-cx_ee_1226eaves.html  americans give more to charity , per capita and as a percentage of gross domestic product , than the citizens of other nations ... based on giving alone , the u.s. comes first , giving 1.85 % of gdp , followed by israel at 1.34 % and canada at 1.17 % . 
  but based on volunteerism alone , the netherlands comes first , followed by sweden and then the u.s. 
  well , the issues there : * some countries would not have had any illegal immigrants likely to show up , like romania . 
  they probably are n't really enthusiastic about having a lot of people dumped on them . 
  * greece probably does n't want to host vast camps of people waiting to get a shot at germany/sweden/uk / etc. 
  * it may be hard to make people stay in romania and similar if they are willing to work illegally elsewhere . 
  i was going to say that that would n't qualify as treason , but it looks like the german definition is actually a lot broader than the us one . 
   whoever , owing allegiance to the united states , levies war against them or adheres to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere , is guilty of treason and shall suffer death , or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $ 10,000 ; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the united states . 
  [ versus ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/german_criminal_code.pdf ) :  section 81   high treason against the federation   ( 1 ) whosoever undertakes , by force or through threat of force ,   * 1 . to undermine the continued existence of the federal republic of germany ;   or   * 2 . to change the constitutional order based on the basic law of the federal republic of germany ,   shall be liable to imprisonment for life or for not less than ten years . 
    ( 2 ) in less serious cases the penalty shall be imprisonment from one to ten years . 
  the `` endangers the continued existence '' is really broad , since a lot of people could call some policy that they dislike an existential threat , but i think that `` by force or threat of force '' is probably a disqualifier , unless you treat all government actions backed by the force of law as qualifying as such . 
  well , to be fair , helsinki was , at one point , forest , lake , and bogland . 
  then people came and constructed buildings ... 
   for engagements like in libya , the us was not even needed to take initiative . 
  the us was involved , but only [ ran the thing for the first twelve days ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_odyssey_dawn ) , ( i believe this was until us cruise missiles and b-2s could suppress air defenses to safely open up the airspace for other warplanes ) and then handed over command to nato . 
  it was not very popular in the us , and primarily an interest of france and the uk . 
  the [ tea party movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tea_party_movement ) was , broadly-speaking , opposed to bush ii and something of a backlash to domestic policies that he and obama had shared ( like the bank bailouts ) . 
  it was not particularly hawkish on foreign policy , and generally-speaking was unhappy about the foreign military involvements of both obama and bush ii . 
  additionally , the [ freedom fries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_fries ) affair dated to 2003 , whereas the tea party thing started up in about 2009 . 
  france never left nato . 
  she just stopped participating in joint command and disallowed hosting of weapons/troops : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#french_withdrawal  nato 's unity was breached early in its history with a crisis occurring during charles de gaulle 's presidency of france . 
  [ 30 ] de gaulle protested against the usa 's strong role in the organization and what he perceived as a special relationship between it and the united kingdom . 
  in a memorandum sent to president dwight d. eisenhower and prime minister harold macmillan on 17 september 1958 , he argued for the creation of a tripartite directorate that would put france on an equal footing with the us and the uk . 
  [ 31 ]   considering the response to be unsatisfactory , de gaulle began constructing an independent defence force for his country . 
  he wanted to give france , in the event of an east german incursion into west germany , the option of coming to a separate peace with the eastern bloc instead of being drawn into a larger nato -- warsaw pact war . 
  [ 32 ] in february 1959 , france withdrew its mediterranean fleet from nato command , [ 33 ] and later banned the stationing of foreign nuclear weapons on french soil . 
  this caused the united states to transfer two hundred military aircraft out of france and return control of the air force bases that had operated in france since 1950 to the french by 1967 . 
    though france showed solidarity with the rest of nato during the cuban missile crisis in 1962 , de gaulle continued his pursuit of an independent defence by removing france 's atlantic and channel fleets from nato command . 
  [ 34 ] in 1966 , all french armed forces were removed from nato 's integrated military command , and all non-french nato troops were asked to leave france . 
  us secretary of state dean rusk was later quoted as asking de gaulle whether his order included `` the bodies of american soldiers in france 's cemeteries ? 
  '' [ 35 ] this withdrawal forced the relocation of shape from rocquencourt , near paris , to casteau , north of mons , belgium , by 16 october 1967 . 
  [ 36 ] ** france remained a member of the alliance ** , and committed to the defence of europe from possible warsaw pact attack with its own forces stationed in the federal republic of germany throughout the cold war . 
  a series of secret accords between us and french officials , the lemnitzer -- ailleret agreements , detailed how french forces would dovetail back into nato 's command structure should east-west hostilities break out . 
  [ 37 ] politics and all that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vikings  vikings ( norwegian and danish : vikinger ; swedish and nynorsk : vikingar ; icelandic : v\u00edkingar ) , from old norse v\u00edkingr , were germanic norse seafarers , speaking the old norse language , who raided and traded from their scandinavian homelands across wide areas of northern and central europe , as well as european russia , during the late 8th to late 11th centuries . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] ** the term is also commonly extended in modern english and other vernaculars to the inhabitants of viking home communities during what has become known as the viking age ** . 
   more swedish residents chose to leave the nordic nation to live in other countries in 2015 than at any other time in the last 160 years , freshly released figures suggest .
