  that is one of the major reasons i 've been suspicious that he 's aiming for a [ madman theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_theory ) foreign policy approach or something akin to it . 
  if he felt strongly about the things he 's stated , he 'd be ( 1 ) appointing policymakers who are aligned with his verbally-stated foreign policy positions ( which generally has n't happened ) and ( 2 ) be yanking people who make conflicting statements with him . 
  it 's not normal for a us president to be ignoring major subordinates publicly contradicting him . 
  however , if his primary goal is to establish an unpredictable image , to gain the ability to make credible threats where previously it would not have been possible , making statements that conflict with subordinates is fine . 
  that sort of thing would be the traditional way to go in diplomacy , perhaps . 
  i 'm not actually all that sure that trump is big on anything approximating any kind of subtlety or tact in diplomacy . 
  it 'd be pretty unacceptable from any high-ranking government official , much less the guy who is supposed to be our interface . 
  even if you completely ignore the content of what he 's saying , he does n't appear to be diplomatic enough to be doing the job to me . 
  them 's fighting words !, 
  i feel like i 've gone over most of what you 've said . 
  i 'm looking for concrete data . 
  one of the few things there was `` lives like kings '' . 
  specifically what separates the meps from the mps that makes the meps unacceptable to you but the mps fine ? 
  you listed `` culture '' -- what 's different in the culture ? 
   i 'm not complaining about the costs , i 'm complaining about thieves who live like kings on money taken from other people . 
  well , anyone that 's in the government is going to be taking money from someone else . 
  as for living like kings ... well , let me put it this way . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-11725041  the standard monthly payment for all meps is 7,957 euros ( # 6,537 ) . 
  it is roughly on a par with a british mp 's salary , but when the pound is weak , meps earn more than mps . 
  so that 's 95,484 eur/year . 
  let 's check and see how it compares to national-level politicians : http://www.businessinsider.com/salary-politicians-europe-mps-2012-1?op=1/#austrias-mps-earn-an-average-of-125000-annually-18  the netherlands ' mps earn an average base salary of $ 135,000 annually seems to me that if anything , your eu representatives are being pretty significantly-underpaid as the labor market for dutch politicians goes ... 
  hello , one-day-old account !, 
  by that logic , the us has no involvement in syria , then , since if the us had been involved in syria , there would n't be a syrian military any more . 
  in fact , in any conflict in which the us was not all-in involved , there was no us involvement . 
  sounds pretty ridiculous , does n't it ? 
  i agree !, 
   i do n't want to live in a european federation . 
  fair enough . 
  but my point is that i 'd say that worries about being `` ruled '' by germany are overblown . 
   yeah . 
  that 's totally going to happen on a continent where each country is `` the greatest country which knows what 's better for all '' !, 
  is there some reason to believe that there is a unique european view of this form , ( which , one might add , does n't afflict the european federations that i listed above ? ), 
   so that the mob of countries would be able to push their interests in expense of the others ? 
  there 's some risk . 
  but it 's the same risk that all those countries above run , to say nothing of every democracy . 
  those member states know that they 're going to have to get along tomorrow . 
  they 've a common-interest in wanting a well-functioning organization . 
   not to mention some members would attempt to drag the rest into their petty conflicts and attempts of revenge . 
  perhaps . 
  but it hardly seems likely that moving from veto-style systems to a majority or supermajority vote would make that worse : under a veto system , a single country can choose to derail things to gain leverage for whatever its concerns are . 
  for example , greece and macedonia disagree about what macedonia 's name can be . 
  i am fairly certain that pretty much every other eu member thinks that the dispute is really stupid . 
  greece may not * per se * care about macedonia 's membership in the eu , but it darn well can leverage that membership in the name dispute , so it 's going to do so . 
   the eu members that are so far away from italy that we have almost no aligning interests . 
  is that so ? 
  i 'd think that countries in europe have a lot of common interests . 
  broadly-speaking , they are not self-sufficient in food , are highly-developed , and are well-to-do . 
  they have limited oil reserves , but significant coal reserves . 
  activity in russia and the mediterranean basin are important to them . 
  they are concerned about avoiding a resurgence of war in europe . 
  stability in and immigration from mena into europe is a concern . 
  they want a large market in europe with expectations of safe products that they can use without worry . 
  they have a progressive philosophy and want to expand human rights . 
  these are not universal , but they are , broadly-speaking , a common set of issues . 
  true , there are differences . 
  but the same is true of the member states in canada or the united states , particularly when things were being put together : most of alaska 's state-level concerns differ from florida 's state-level concerns . 
   europe is n't a monolithic entity . 
  we do n't share language , culture , history and values . 
  no , that 's true , it is not . 
  but you can get pretty decent coverage with a handful of languages -- english ( 38 % of europeans ) , french ( 12 % ) , german ( 11 % ) , spanish ( 7 % ) and russian ( 5 % ) alone provide pretty substantial coverage . 
  and remember that switzerland is n't monolingual either , nor canada . 
  even the us was n't and is n't purely monolingual , though for most purposes it can be treated as such : louisiana spoke french , and puerto rico speaks spanish , and immigrant populations spoke all sorts of languages , from spanish to german to italian . 
  china and india function with a number of different spoken languages ; indians normally learn their state language and then english or possibly hindi as a * lingua franca * . 
   i 'm all up for the economic cooperation and believe it should include as many countries as possible but politics should be left on the local level . 
  well , you had that starting with the treaty of rome . 
  but that also obviously creates some limitations , the same sorts of things that the early us ran into : having independent foreign policy prevents leveraging size on the international stage . 
  if you have no common politics , then you probably wo n't get fiscal transfers . 
  no fiscal transfers makes a common currency problematic . 
  no common currency makes economic interchange hard . 
  it limits military clout . 
  nato 's a military alliance . 
  it 's a potent tool for what it is , different militaries interoperating , but it wo n't ever say `` okay , this is how much we 're going to buy of this , that , and this other thing to accomplish geopolitical goal x , y , and z '' . 
  if you want that -- and not having it fundamentally is something of a limitation -- you are pretty much stuck with adopting one military and a common foreign policy . 
   and i 'm firmly against the idea of eu army because if it come to pass , the next attempt of any eu member to leave the union will be suppressed with force , you can be sure about that . 
  my expectation is that federalization would indeed make leaving the union something that requires bilateral agreement . 
  doing that would let the eu as a whole rely that infrastructure that it builds will remain in the union , and not have to worry about foreign powers `` buying off '' individual members . 
  i realize that that 's something that does require serious consideration . 
  personally , i think that it would be in the eu 's interests : in the long run it 's worked out for the us . 
   same with national treasury , we already lost control over our own monetary policies . 
  us states can normally spend on more-or-less whatever they want ( the flip side being that the federal government is n't going to come bail them out if they get themselves into trouble ) . 
  establishing a common currency was a required to avoid forcing businesses to worry about currency fluctuations while doing business across the eu . 
  maybe it * was * premature , but it 's not clear to me that it was a bad idea if you 're looking for economic integration . 
   i thought it was about people , not the government . 
  your original statement was `` they 're compromised at the moment though . 
  there is no telling which information is passed through which channels , but almost the entire cabinet has some sort of russian connection . '', 
  so , okay , you 're saying that they 're operating to promote russian interests . 
  we kinda veered off to saudi arabia , but i 'm still addressing the issue that trump might be making foreign policy decisions primarily based upon personal financial interests abroad . 
  a us policy of being friendly to saudi arabia is not new or unique to trump in any way . 
  that 's long-standing us policy . 
   you have more people dangerous to the us in saudi arabia or egypt than in iran , no doubts . 
  well , trump 's ban might be ineffective at addressing us security concerns . 
  we already have a security screening process that has n't been shown to have issues . 
  hell , i 'd be more than happy to agree that his ban is very unlikely to have any net positive effect . 
  he sold himself to the electorate based in part on claiming that obama being dangerously ineffective on us security , and so he had to do something showboaty to make it appear that he was doing something new and effective . 
  i 'm not going to argue in favor of trump 's actions . 
  i think that they 're a bad idea . 
  but that does n't mean that they 're taken because he 's being directly personally influenced by the saudi government via his business concerns . 
  relations between our states ? 
  sure , you bet . 
  saudi arabia is important to the us -- it controls a lot of the world 's oil supply -- and the government is fine with the us and we have n't had problems doing business with them under any past administrations .
