  understandable , but it also seems like it might be reasonable to have rules such that people are n't obliged to sit there and be ranted at . 
  if he wants to complain about juncker or whoever elsewhere , sure , that 's important , but i do n't see why people ca n't be asked to be polite to each other in the european parliament . 
  it means that the us moves those resources to producing something else . 
  sure , it 's possible for an individual to wind up worse-off -- but the country as a whole will wind up better-off . 
  from that pool , it 's possible to provide subsidies , if that 's what it wants -- but trying to provide subsidies indirectly by trying to constrain the market is n't very efficient . 
  fair point , but the tories will presumably get a backlash if brexit starts not looking like what was promised ( to say nothing of tory supporters who do so for economic reasons , who may not like a brexit actually happening ) . 
  ditto for ukip on the reality not living up to promises . 
  labour is doing an impressive job of managing to render itself completely helpless . 
  the snp wants to split up the uk . 
  the liberal democrat 's leader went on record publicly-predicting pretty much precisely the problems that are showing up now . 
  if the liberal democrats ca n't make gains in that environment , they may as well just give up as a party . 
  it transfers real wealth to me , me being the us . 
  if someone is willing to work for less , possibly expressed in the form of working conditions , it means that i can purchase more . 
  a number of people apparently did n't believe him , so it was n't obvious to the average briton . 
  on the whole , given the limited footage i 've seen of nigel , i 'd say that mr. ukip misbehaves more in eu settings than juncker . 
  the ability to work with a single europe , sure . 
  special power over the rest , no . 
  same deal the uk has had . 
  i think that direct democracy is rarely a good idea , and that 's a position that long predates this referendum -- too many nutty votes by people not understanding the implications of their vote . 
  judging any of europe of 170 years ago by today 's standards would have it come up lacking . 
  if you want to subsidiary the poor via policy , you can always do so directly -- no need to indirectly use markets . 
  if you lose the referendum , you can appear to be standing up for the little guy ( who hopes for a protectionist unskilled labor market in a rich country ) and reap the political capital without having to actually change any policies . 
  that does n't answer the question -- it was the prospect of leaving , which took the market by surprise , that caused that . 
  first , until it happens , it 's at least theoretically possible to end the split . 
  personally , i think that a majority of britons do not want to leave , given understanding of what it entails . 
  the same is true of the bulk if the british leadership . 
  unlikely as it may be , i hope for one of the various routes for the uk to back out . 
  the liberal democrats already took a position of going against the referendum and having the uk in the eu . 
  second , the uk does not want to be negotiating on a clock , since a brexit without market access would be worse for them than the rest of the eu , and article 50 starts a two year clock . 
  even aside from negotiation , it sounds like the level of preparation was low enough that two years will be very hard to make all the legal and other changes . 
  third , many people have said that there will be political consequences for whoever initiates article 50 , since its consequences are serious . 
  i 've no idea how true this is . 
  cameron said that he wouldn '' t be the one to do it , and johnson that it was n't necessary , by which i assume he means that he does n't want to be the one to do it . 
   it 's a frustrating thing , to be fair . 
  on one hand being part of the eu is beneficial not only for the uk but for the rest of the eu in regards to economies , a platform for legislation , etc. 
  on the other hand , it is by no means a secret that merkel has used her position to bully the rest of the countries in the eu , and is clearly extremely displeased with the prospect of losing influence over the uk and its citizens . 
  specifically how and on what points did sh do this ? 
  she 's been the public face of blocs , but germany itself can not simply tell other members what to do , any more than can the uk . 
  i personally think that it was a mistake for national leaders instead of eu officials to serve such a prominent role , for precisely the political reasons listed . 
  it mingles people responsible for one member and people responsible for the whole . 
  however , just because merkel , as a relatively-secure politician , took on politically-expensive roles , it did n't mean that the leadership of other countries did n't feel the same way . 
  internal politics are not a matter for the eu . 
  i 'm fine with a trade deal where a partner has lousy working conditions . 
  it transfers real wealth to me . 
  the partner is responsible for whether or not their labor law is a good idea . 
  i suspect that we wo n't want to kill the larger ttip over incompatible bits in a trade deal with the uk . 
  maybe negotiate a temporary deal that sunsets with ttip and then renegotiate any incompatibilities . 
  it would n't be the eu , but an internal member state . 
  the lib dems already made this promise . 
   i 'm saying it will never happen because we 've been a colony for longer than a lot of your states have existed . 
  what is your response to the fact that puerto rico never had a referendum request statehood status until 2012 ? 
  created difficulties , but no disaster . 
  50 states got statehood status . 
  barring maybe the original 13 and maybe an exception or two ( not sure about texas , for example ) , they all went through the territory-to-statehood process . 
  i do think that saying that it will never happen based on a single request to a congress controlled by the other party is a pretty large stretch . 
  i mean the ` kill the intruder ' bit . 
  the us has honored referendums by territories , like that of the trust territory of the pacific islands . 
  if you want statehood , 2012 looks like the first time voters approved applying for statehood . 
  i do n't follow the puerto rico campaign , but the congressional vote resulting from that appears to have gone to the 113th congress , which was republican controlled . 
  that congress let the bill die in committee , probably because puerto rico would vote democrat . 
   america 's strongest , oldest ally the uk might be the strongest us ally , but france was the oldest , given that they were in the revolutionary war . 
  why not ? 
  all part of the cia/illuminati plan . 
  hard to know or believe which of the claims you hear are real until you can see reality . 
  article 50 is n't exactly going to make rbs 's share price go up . 
  possibly london-less little england . 
  i 'm not certain that walt here is representative of the british population . 
  bush said some silly things . 
  he never let through any policies that were catastrophic for the us . 
  if you reduce the british standard of living to the bangladeshi one , you can compete at a global level on labor-intensive unskilled manufacturing . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they have n't done anything as regards the eu until article 50 is invoked . 
  the only questions here are british domestic political ones thus far . 
  extremely damaging ones , sure , but still no legal moves . 
   i do n't see any realistic or plausible future where esparento is widely used . 
  well , if the eu could hold a referendum right after getting everyone worked up ... 
  if this is the worst of the public shit-flinging , i will be profoundly impressed with both sides . 
  a lot more than `` some '' . 
  `` blinks ? '', 
  i 'd say that the status quo may be pretty much what the relevant parties are comfortable with . 
  good old direct democracy . 
  silly experts !, 
  ignoring the question of leverage or lack of , you 'll note that boris has n't headed out the gates issuing threats left and right . 
  i suspect that he has a slightly-different take on affairs . 
  no , the term for france is our `` first ally '' . 
  as in , probably would have lost the american revolution otherwise . 
  i do n't think that that would be very good diplomacy . 
  cold war ii : more of a farce than the original . 
  a lot of the claims here are kinda vague . 
  i 'd like to know how reliable evidence is that all of these incidents are russian intelligence operating in an official capacity , because i 'm kinda incredulous . 
  your point has a core that i agree with . 
  on the other hand , if the us had the population and location of the uk , the us position might differ . 
  `` toe '' the line . 
  clearly , it worked , so apparently he knew his politics . 
  in this case , i 'd seen the point come up for discussion before -- the author was n't just looking for a way to introduce the idea . 
  maybe he 's scottish . 
  oh , i do n't literally mean a literacy test -- just that if you have the power to create the filter for voting , it 's a pretty abusable power and the people designing the test can seek to filter out people who do n't meet criteria friendly to them . 
  in the original `` blacks ca n't read so they ca n't vote '' strategy , illiterate black voters could recognize one of two options and could have had it verbally-explained ahead of time -- that 's the whole reason the literacy test had an effect in the first place , why the politicians involved wanted to impose the test , else they 'd have had had people picking arbitrary options and canceling each other out and there 'd have been no reason for a literacy test in the first place . 
   not very convincing that 's the understatement of the century . 
   although countries are split over how much pressure to put on london to fire the starting gun on talks , brussels appears united that there can be no informal talks , before the uk notifies the eu of its intention to leave .
