  put a backslash before the parenthesis that you want to escape . 
  or url-encode it , the way / u/whereworm did . 
  that 's probably less-convenient , though . 
  put alternatively , tits are the devil 's tools . 
  go [ about two thousand years forward ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_divergence ) . 
   just like there are high barriers to changing the constitution of a country , there needs to be a high barrier against changing eu treaties . 
  no , no ... i mean , what 's the legal basis for saying that there would need to be a referendum ? 
   we are really insecure and have a huge national inferiority complex . 
  do n't worry , canada . 
  * we * think of you as american . 
  that 's not an example of moderation at all . 
  [ the 141 stances donald trump took during his white house bid ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801 ) he was pretty godawful on consistency . 
  i knew that the mods were just in it for the girls . 
  clearly not old enough to have ever enjoyed a delicious hawaiian pizza . 
   why would any rich country desire this ? 
  same reason that people in new jersey do n't advocate for mississippi to leave the us . 
  well , the `` big '' division today in the eu is either ez or non-ez , yeah ? 
  i do n't know of major issues caused that would not have been present had all eu members joined the ez . 
   he gets his hair cut by family members ... 
  if ivanka cuts trump 's hair , i will eat my hat . 
   to delegate more power to brussels means that all members will have to have a referendum . 
  why ? 
  there 's not normally a referendum held on all international treaties that eu members sign . 
  what makes treaties that involve the eu more-difficult-to-pass than treaties with , say , the united states or egypt ? 
   many european mosques are built and funded by sunni arab money , they work as ideological staging posts for the wider islamic community . 
  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/05/14/world/asia/14binladen.html?referer=  washington -- the enormous cache of computer files taken from osama bin laden 's compound contained a considerable quantity of pornographic videos , american officials said on friday , adding a discordant note to the public image of the islamist militant who long denounced the west for its lax sexual mores . 
  to the extent that there 's any sort of a cultural contest going on , puritanical islam is n't faring too well . 
   minority groups will naturally vote , socialise , live and work within their in-group , it happens the world over not on an ongoing basis . 
  the us certainly had cultural ghettos form during immigration , but -- as people on this sub like to repeat -- while they contributed to culture , they invariably blended into it as well . 
  is obama more kenyan or american ? 
  is trump more american or german ? 
  amending the dutch constitution would also be an option . 
  while the bar for this is lower than for amending the us constitution ( the us requires three-quarters of the state legislatures to support it ) , it 's still pretty hefty , and i ca n't imagine that there 'd be sufficient support for doing so : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_netherlands  to amend the constitution , the proposed changes must first be approved by both the house of representatives and the senate of the states general with a simple majority ( more than 50 % ) . 
  this law is called a * voorstelwet * or ` law to propose changes to the constitution ' ( lit . 
  proposal law ) and does not alter the constitution , but declares there are sufficient grounds for a certain proposal to change the constitution to be considered . 
  the house of representatives must then be dissolved and general elections held . 
  the proposed changes to the constitution are then discussed a second time , this time needing a two-thirds majority in both houses of the states general to approve them . 
  now , maybe i 'm wrong , and i do n't know what other parties might be willing to work with them , but i seriously doubt that pvv is going to successfully line up a two-thirds supermajority in both houses of the dutch legislature for removing major fundamental dutch rights . 
  that mistake was already made -- the money is , to be totally frank , gone . 
  greece is n't going to pay it back . 
  it was n't even germany , but the german banks ... but the losses were already transferred to you . 
  at this point , you 've already eaten the loss , be it a good idea or a bad idea -- it happened when you bought the bad debt from your banks and greece was n't able to repay it . 
  that was where you should have dug in your heels if you were going to do so . 
  this is just talking about formalizing it . 
  you 've already formalized greece not paying back half of the funds . 
  this is n't abnormal -- lenders see this all the time . 
  they figure out what they * can * reasonably expect to have paid and write off the rest . 
  they do n't do that out of charity , but because they have to get things back to a functioning status . 
  now , you could argue that greece can handle the existing debt load . 
  i 'm not an expert , but my understanding is that it 's generally consensus that it can not . 
  it is also the case that there are issues for the eu to avoid : * eu banks should not lend at a level that would risk the financial stability of the eu . 
  i 'm not sure what 's been done here , but i 'm sure that something has . 
  * eu banks should not run into [ moral hazard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_hazard ) because they can expect to offload losses onto eu members or other government structures . 
  this would cause market failure . 
  any moral hazard created for these has already been done when germany took on losses from the bank -- this can be addressed ( and , i would hope , already has been ) , but not via forcing greece to maintain large losses on paper . 
  * greece should not run into [ moral hazard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_hazard ) via having the government effectively run off with the public 's money , and the public should have the incentive , ability and power to discourage that . 
  i do n't know how much the typical greek benefitted via the bogus books being run by the greek government , but my guess is that if you took the greek public and were able to rewind back to 1981 , that their advice to the greeks of 1981 would not be to borrow like crazy and rely on greece defaulting , but rather to keep their leadership from digging them into a hole . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but whatever level is necessary , i am dubious that it happens to be precisely the sum of the outstanding debt . 
  * germans ( and the other publics who ate losses ) should not suffer losses that can be avoided . 
  this is money that would have gone to give germans a more-pleasant retirement or whatnot in the future . 
  germans are worse-off because of this . 
  while perhaps germany and the other well-to-do eu members should send wealth to some of the poorer members , certainly the form of a few pillaging the country followed by a default is not an acceptable or very useful form for this to take . 
  i do not think that greece can pay back its full debt at this point , which means that some of that money will go away . 
  i am not going to try and blame germany in particular . 
  when people say '' * germany * should forgive the losses '' , my standpoint is `` any other country could as easily pay down the debt , which is what is really being asked for . 
  why does germany deserve special blame ? 
  perhaps it should have better-regulated its lenders , which were permitted to put the german financial system at risk , but ... '' but at the end of the day , germany did choose to accept the liability , when it took on responsibility from lenders , and realistically , i do not think that anyone else will step forwards . 
  it does not buy germany anything to have greece wind up defaulting -- and to be honest , my belief is that it is only greece 's belief that there is ultimately some degree of debt forgiveness down the line that keeps it from doing so . 
  the greek public , at this point , [ are economically at their pre-eu level ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/04/10/greeces-poor-are-back-to-where-they-were-in-1980/?utm_term=.a9af1a360380 ) . 
  if greece does not see some sort of benefit in eu membership , my expectation is that [ it would consider leaving ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euroscepticism ) :  according to the london school of economics , greece is the 2nd most eurosceptic country in the european union , with 50 % ( only behind uk ) of the greeks thinking that their country has not benefited at all from the eu . 
  meanwhile , 33 % of the greeks views greek membership in eu as a good thing , marginally ahead of uk . 
  81 % of the greeks say that the eu is going in the wrong direction . 
  these figures represent a major increase in euroscepticism in greece since 2009 . 
  now , i can understand germans being upset with greece . 
  i think that perhaps the greek people get too much blame -- this was a combination of poor german regulation of german lending institutions , poor handling by the eu of accession criteria , poor stewardship of their country by the greek leadership , and , yes , a failure by the greeks to understand and keep their leadership acting properly . 
  but if greece is simply whacked with a stick repeatedly hard enough , at some point they will choose to leave the eu -- this is the sensible thing to do if they do not see there being something in it for them . 
  i do not think that this is something that is in germany 's interests . 
  germany might demand that the greek government submit enough material to verify that its statements about greece 's finances are legitimate , and there are many other things that it might be in germany 's interests to demand , but i do not think that zero debt forgiveness is in that list . 
  hmm . 
  the [ rate of inflation of the euro ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/inflation-cpi ) was seeing deflation a year ago , but it 's moved pretty solidly into inflation territory now . 
  [ still lower than the dollar , though ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi ) . 
  you were talking about it being banned -- you can not constitutionally ban portrayal of violence for being violent . 
  what characteristics would be necessary for federalization that do n't exist now , and how would you intend to achieve those characteristics ? 
  how much of that is because of a lack of qmv usage ? 
  i do n't see people ( well , okay , truciadator did ) generally saying that # 3 is * miserable * . 
   the march of progress is only ever temporarily halted . 
  it never stops . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the idea of a clear trend of `` progress '' along which countries and peoples invariably advance is one that is seductive in some ways , but it really does not hold up and has had holes punched in it . 
  * go back , say , three hundred years , and how many were sold on the idea that the future was in universal education ? 
  * go back two hundred years , and how many would have thought that women 's suffrage would be the direction that society would take ? 
  we 've also had people convinced that things would go in a direction very different from they went : * go back a hundred years , and many people thought that alcohol was a passing evil that would vanish from society , and was nearly on its way out . 
  * go back a hundred years , and many people thought that eugenics would shortly become the norm -- if it 's done such amazing things with plant and animal characteristics and yields , why not also apply it to humans ? 
  * go back thirty years ago , and how many people would have thought that china would remain as a one-party authoritarian state ... but successfully adopting a market economy ? 
  people have predicted things along the lines of a vast union of the world 's nations ( and no , not in the sense of a forum like the un ) , an end to war , an end to money , an end to cities as limitations like horse dung buildup in the streets and the height limitations of stone construction prevented them from growing too dense . 
  i remember some verne or asimov predictions that people would choose to live in very exotic climates , given the technological ability to do so . 
  the death of religion -- well , europe 's more-secular than it has been for some time , but religion is certainly not dead , and the us is doing a pretty impressive job of stubbornly holding out among highly-developed , wealthy countries . 
  women simply taking on the roles of men happened ... but we also saw a fertility rate collapse , and at lest there will need to be further changes of some sort to make society sustainable . 
  marx got the future of the economy pretty epically wrong . 
  / r/retrofuturology has many examples , some downright comical , of our ideas of how human society would progress , just within the last century or so .
