  mr belyaninov was fired from his job but not charged . 
    hardly anyone believes that such raids help the fight against corruption , which remains an organising principle of russia 's political system , but they go down well with the public . 
  it is said that mr putin is using men like mr korolev to purge the ranks of the fsb itself and keep its members on their toes and the elites in check . 
  the practice harks back to stalin , who wielded his power almost exclusively through the nkvd , the kgb 's predecessor , regularly purging the party . 
    mr putin 's rotation of cadres so far has been much softer . 
  none of the senior people in his entourage has yet lost his freedom or his fortune . 
  mr belyaninov has said he is hoping to find another government post . 
  mr korolev 's rival has been `` exiled '' to rosneft , the mammoth oil company . 
  every important russian firm and institution has an fsb officer seconded to it , a practice preserved from soviet days . 
    but as mr putin 's personality cult grows , he is severing his connections with the old comrades who remember him as a lowly young kgb officer and bringing in new people who have known him only as president . 
  many of those who had started with him have already stepped down , including sergei ivanov , a long-serving chief of staff and former kgb general , viktor ivanov , the former head of an anti-drugs agency , and evgeny murov , the trusted ( but ageing ) head of the federal protection service . 
  mr putin has also got rid of some of the old kgb guard who had headed russia 's largest state-owned corporations . 
    pass it on   they have been replaced by youngish men who owe their careers entirely to mr putin . 
  mr putin 's new chief of staff , anton vaino , aged 44 , is the grandson of a soviet-era estonian communist party leader and a third-generation bureaucrat . 
  but while civilians have been installed to run the kremlin apparatus , the children of the old siloviki are moving into key positions in state banks and natural-resource companies . 
  the son of mr murov is chairman of the management board of the state-owned federal grid company , russia 's main electricity supplier . 
  dmitry patrushev , the son of the security council chief , nikolai patrushev , heads the russian agricultural bank , a large state-owned bank . 
    one of the communist regime 's key weaknesses was the impossibility of passing on wealth . 
  when old party bosses died , their families were mostly left with nothing . 
  it was also one of the main reasons why many members of the soviet nomenklatura supported the revolution in 1991 . 
  these days russia 's elite can pass on its possessions to its children , but its wealth and its physical safety depend on mr putin . 
    perhaps in an effort at diversification , mr putin recently announced the creation of a new security structure , the national guard . 
  headed by viktor zolotov , who used to be one of mr putin 's bodyguards , it has 25,000-40 ,000 special commandos at its disposal , along with 400,000 troops . 
  these are not part of the regular army of about 930,000 and report directly to mr putin . 
    the creation of the national guard is meant to head off the threat of another colour revolution ( as the series of peaceful uprisings in former soviet republics became known ) , explains alexander golts , a russian military analyst . 
  the scenarios used in its training are based on the protests in ukraine and involve the use of tear gas and water cannon as well as conventional weapons . 
  one of the lessons the kremlin learned from the failed coup of august 1991 was that in a political crisis a regular army may be reluctant to use force against protesters . 
    as a former bodyguard , mr zolotov is responsible for mr putin 's personal safety , but also for providing some balance to the powers of the fsb . 
  in a closed political system , trust is low . 
  [ continued from parent ]  oligarchs and beyond   in the mid-1990s control over natural-resource firms passed to the oligarchs , a powerful group of business tycoons who emerged from the rubble of the soviet union . 
  their power rested not so much on violence but on entrepreneurship , which allowed them to accumulate capital . 
  but they also cultivated personal connections with the liberals in the government to gain privileged access to the most valuable assets . 
    in 1995 they struck an audacious deal , offering to lend money to the cash-strapped government and put their resources , including the media they controlled , behind an ailing yeltsin . 
  in return , they asked to manage the government 's shares in natural-resource firms . 
  when yeltsin was re-elected in 1996 , they were allowed to auction off those shares to themselves . 
  this `` loans for shares '' privatisation undermined the legitimacy of russian capitalism and compromised the idea of property rights . 
    to protect their assets , the oligarchs had to ensure the continuity of the regime . 
  in 1999 , as yeltsin prepared to step down , boris berezovsky , the ultimate oligarch , who had worked himself into the president 's family , proposed mr putin as yeltsin 's successor . 
  according to berezovsky , mr putin had originally wanted to be chairman of gazprom , russia 's natural-gas behemoth , but instead he was offered the job of running russia inc.   mr putin was shaped mainly by two experiences . 
  one was his service in the kgb , which made him a statist . 
  the other was his time in st petersburg , where he served as deputy mayor in the early 1990s , dabbling in business . 
  that turned him into a capitalist , but of a particular kind . 
  capitalism to him meant not free competition but connections , special access and , above all , deals . 
  as fiona hill and clifford gaddy wrote in their book , `` mr putin : operative in the kremlin '' , `` capitalism , in putin 's understanding , is not production , management and marketing . 
  it is wheeling and dealing . 
  it is not about workers and customers . 
  it is about personal connections with regulators . 
  it is finding and using loopholes in the law , or creating loopholes . '' mr putin did not destroy the oligarchy but merely changed the oligarchs , creating much closer links between property and political power . 
  he wanted to control the market , transferring its benefits to the people he trusted -- friends from st petersburg and former kgb colleagues . 
    but whereas the oligarchs in the 1990s were ruthless self-made businessmen driven by profit , the men mr putin brought to power were specialists in suppression , violence and control , driven by revenge . 
  the siloviki , people with roots in the kgb and other powerful ministries , had no special business skills , but quickly took over the commanding heights of the economy , capitalising on popular discontent with the oligarchs and using their licence to exert violence to amass property . 
  in 2003 they jailed mr khodorkovsky , the most independent and politically ambitious of the oligarchs . 
  a year later yukos , his oil company , was dismembered and its assets taken over by rosneft , a state oil firm chaired by igor sechin , one of mr putin 's most trusted lieutenants and an informal leader of the siloviki . 
    during the years when the oil-price boom fuelled domestic consumption , the new elite not only came to control the distribution of rent , it also limited access to the market in order to reduce competition , developing a system which kirill rogov , a russian political economist , describes as `` soft legal constraints '' . 
  it involves writing the rules in such a way that to observe them is either prohibitively expensive or downright impossible , then handing out informal licences to break those rules . 
    licence to offend   just as in the soviet era red directors haggled for resources , market participants now haggle for the right to break the rules , so the system gives the security services ultimate economic and political control . 
  the licence can be withdrawn at any time if its holder steps out of line or gets too greedy , or if his assets start to look too attractive . 
    the story of igor pushkarev , a former mayor of vladivostok , illustrates the point . 
  in the early 2000s mr pushkarev , the owner of a large cement firm in russia 's far east that got a lot of orders from the government , joined mr putin 's united russia party , and in 2008 he was elected mayor of the city . 
  earlier this year he challenged vladimir miklushevsky , the regional governor , in the party primaries . 
  mr miklushevsky went to see mr putin , and the next day mr pushkarev was arrested for `` abuse of office '' . 
  the fsb started to expropriate his assets straight away . 
    such lack of clear property rights creates distrust at all levels of russian society , heightens the role of the security services and raises transaction costs . 
  every other russian shop or restaurant employs security guards . 
  while the economy was growing , there were plenty of profits to spread around and keep everyone happy , but now that it is shrinking , the rules have become even less clear and the fight for resources has turned more brutal . 
  property can be taken away regardless of political loyalty , turning owners into temporary holders . 
    take vladimir yevtushenkov , the owner of sistema , a holding company , who is perfectly loyal to the kremlin . 
  in 2009 sistema bought a controlling stake in bashneft , a medium-sized oil firm , from a local authority for $ 2.5 billion . 
  it had been given explicit approval by dmitry medvedev , who was president at the time . 
  but in september 2014 mr yevtushenkov was arrested and charged with buying stolen goods . 
  his real crime was reportedly to refuse to sell bashneft , which had become one of the world 's fastest-growing oil firms , to rosneft , at a price below its market value . 
  after three months under house arrest , mr yevtushenkov was released and cleared of all charges -- but not before giving up bashneft , a contolling stake in which has now been sold to rosneft for $ 5.2 billion . 
  the day after he was released , mr yevtushenkov ( who still owns mts , russia 's largest mobile-phone company ) went to a drinks party at the kremlin and spoke to mr putin . 
  `` i thanked him for his wise decision ... to release me , '' mr yevtushenkov recently told dozhd , an independent internet television channel . 
  he continued : `` if [ you ] like any of my other companies -- [ you are ] welcome . ''   faced with prolonged economic stagnation , the kremlin is now trying to stimulate growth by pouring money into the military-industrial sector and into infrastructure projects . 
  given the level of corruption , though ( see chart ) , the cost of these projects could outweigh their benefits . 
  and in the absence of a thriving private sector , those new roads and bridges may not do much good . 
    the main problem with russian modernisation , says mr rogov , is that the new , competitive urban middle class that has emerged as the economy has developed has no place in the current authoritarian model , which is designed for those who depend on the state but can not compete . 
    the prospects for change are not encouraging . 
  as north observed , limited-access orders have been in operation for thousands of years : `` no forces inherent in the logic , social structure or historical dynamics of limited-access orders inevitably lead them to become open-access orders . 
  because natural states have internal forces built on exclusion and rent-creation , they are stable orders ... extremely difficult to transform . '' technology does not help because the elites can adopt it selectively , without having to face competition . 
    natalia zubarevich , a russian economist and geographer , argues that one of the biggest risks for russia is not an implosion but a slow economic and intellectual degradation . 
  as long a russia 's elite sees modernisation as a matter of technology rather than of open access based on the rule of law , innopolis is likely to remain the smallest town in russia . 
  one of the other parts mentioned by / u/sigakoer at the bottom of the article . 
   [ ** milk without the cow ** ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21708876-political-reform-essential-prerequisite-flourishing-economy-milk-without )   political reform is an essential prerequisite to a flourishing economy   just across the mighty volga river from sviyazhsk , an island fortress built by ivan the terrible in 1552 to help him conquer the khanate of kazan , stands a brand new city . 
  it is the first to appear on russia 's map since the fall of the soviet union . 
  innopolis , 820km ( 510 miles ) due east of moscow , was founded in 2012 as an it park and a model for the sort of modernisation that dmitry medvedev , russia 's prime minister and before that its president , had proclaimed a main priority . 
  now two years old , it is the smallest town in russia , with the large ambition to launch the country into a high-tech era . 
  designed by liu thai ker , the chief architect of singapore , it has a university where 350 students are taught in english . 
  just half an hour 's drive away is kazan , the capital of tatarstan , an oil-rich republic that has recently adopted a new 15-year strategy to turn itself into a hub of creativity and growth . 
  `` we are competing not with russian regions but with the world . 
  our new oil is human capital , '' says vladimir gritskikh , a former physicist who co-ordinates the programme . 
    innopolis has comfortable town houses , playgrounds with wi-fi and a large swimming pool . 
  igor nosov , its manager , holds an american mba . 
  the city 's free economic zone is dominated by a circular office building for high-tech firms . 
  there is just one thing in short supply : the firms themselves . 
  so far the building has only about a dozen occupants . 
  `` well , we 've built a collective farm . 
  now we need the farmers , '' quips one of the tatar officials . 
  whether those farmers will come depends on a range of factors mostly outside tatarstan 's control .
