  that is n't precisely the same difference present in the us . 
  in the us , `` refugee status '' is what someone who did n't make it into the us applies for . 
  `` asylum '' is something what someone who is in the us applies for . 
  once granted , afaik they 're effectively identical , but the application process differs ( and is much-more-favorable to those seeking asylum ) . 
  source : [ us citizenship and immigration services ] ( http://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-asylum ) . 
  i checked a webpage from the german government , and they appeared to have what looked like a similar separation between the two . 
  i do not know whether this is standard internationally or just happens to be used by those two governments in a technical sense . 
  the refugee convention specifies that under certain conditions , applicants for refugee status must not be penalized for breaking border control laws in such a fashion :  article 31 . refugees unlawfully in the country of refuge   1 . 
  the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article i , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
   for the united states , the benefits of bringing montenegro into nato clearly outweigh the risks of increased tensions with russia . 
  hmm . 
   first , it would close the possibility of a russian naval basing in the adriatic , something that moscow avidly sought last year . 
  i do n't think that 's quite right . 
  bosnia is not in nato and has a couple of miles of coast on the adriatic , and it looks like there is interest in [ building a port at neum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neum ) . 
   second , it would anchor a country that was once firmly under the grips of former serbian president slobodan milosevic into euro -- atlantic institutions . 
  why is milosevic 's former presidency of interest to the us ? 
   third , it promises to spur eu enlargement in the balkans , which has flagged in recent years . 
  no former communist country has joined the european union without first joining nato , and eu accession is a central plank in washington 's strategy to press europe to confront its balkan backyard . 
  washington is trying to `` press europe to confront its balkan backyard '' ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  < shrug  i guess it depends on what you mean by `` interoperability '' . 
  one possibility would be simply combining data at the receiver . 
  you can always make a device with four receivers , and then simply combine the results in software ( e.g. 
  possibly simply averaging them ) , so in that sense , all satellite navigation systems ( including the regional-only systems like india 's and japan 's ) are compatible . 
  you can find plenty of people online doing exactly that with various systems and it does improve accuracy a bit . 
  this will show up just about as soon as someone has receivers on the market . 
  another option : you could create a standard that * mandates * multi-system receiver support . 
  another option : i imagine that it 'd be best to have a single chip that can handle all this , to reduce power consumption by mobile devices doing this work . 
  finally , apparently the us and the eu agreed to have all of their satellites broadcast the time delta between gps and galileo . 
  afaik , it 's only those two systems doing that ; i 'm not sure what the practical benefit of this is ( maybe means that a dual receiver can start combining information from the two systems more quickly when initially establishing a fix , rather than waiting until it hears from sufficient gps satellites and then sufficient galileo satellites ) . 
  i do n't have any particular expertise here , though . 
  according to wikipedia , beidou wo n't complete global coverage until 2020 . 
  galileo is much younger than the others . 
  a few years down the road i imagine that chipsets will be out and cheap and stable and in those devices . 
   but if we are the ones who have to give millitary support , not to mention that any `` newer '' gear we buy is outrageously overpiced - millions for a damn cougar copter which ca n't even reach a 2000m slope to extinguish a fire , meanwhile the old soviet mi-8 ( exports also reffered to as 17 ) could do that job , it 's outrageous how little we get out of this alliance , nazi 's during wwii gave their allies good quality gear , the ussr gave their allies good quality and quantity gear , now nato gives us overpriced junk and false security . 
  part of the nato arrangement is that nato members would promise to spend 2 % of gdp on maintaining their military . 
  the us is already providing [ almost three-quarters of the military spending in nato ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/how-much-every-nato-member-spends-on-military-in-2014-2015-2?r=uk&amp;ir=t ) . 
  for 2015 , [ only four other nato members met the 2 % goal ] ( http://www.defenseone.com/politics/2015/06/nato-members-defense-spending-two-charts/116008/ ) : greece , poland , uk , and estonia . 
  we did almost twice the target . 
  most members have steadily hammered down their military spending and redirected it into other things . 
  i can understand wanting that , since if you buy some guns , you have to trade in some butter , and yes , there 's some economic stress ... but c'mon . 
  if 2 % is * that * impossible , nato can discuss new targets , but most of nato just said `` we will definitely go for 2 % '' and then proceeded to keep lowering their military budgets . 
  right after world war ii , things were different , where much of europe was trashed -- but the eu 's economy today is as large as the us 's , and it 's not as if europe can not manage to maintain a military . 
   overpriced nobody is requiring any nato member to buy particular hardware -- you could domestically-produce whatever it is that you need , or buy from whoever . 
  hell , turkey just bought chinese sams . 
  but , frankly , it ca n't be the us single-handedly funding and doling out out everyone 's military hardware : part of the arrangement is that everyone involved is defending everyone , not just the us providing defense and additionally funding the other militaries . 
  i do agree that it probably * is * the case that some military hardware is unreasonably-expensive -- perhaps having cheaper sams available would be a good idea , for example . 
  but until a country puts out purchasing requirements for a sam that costs less than a certain amount per shot , it 's just not going to be produced . 
  eu members have both civilian and military aircraft , however . 
  there was a time when crossing the iron curtain meant that a plane seriously risked getting wiped out , whether it was some [ adventurous german kid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mathias_rust ) or [ a commercial airliner that mis-configured its autopilot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ) . 
  we could , potentially , re-create that environment today . 
  my belief is that it would be advantageous to neither side , at least at the moment . 
  i suspect that if he had sent your comment out the door instead of the nato dissolution proposal , this would not be making international news . 
   [ tama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tama_%28cat%29 ) ( \u305f\u307e ? , april 29 , 1999 -- june 22 , 2015 ) was a female calico cat who gained fame for being a station master and operating officer at kishi station on the kishigawa line in kinokawa , wakayama , japan . 
  [ 1 ] [ snip ]  the publicity from tama 's appointment led to an increase in passengers by 17 % for that month as compared to january 2006 ; ridership statistics for march 2007 showed a 10 % increase over the previous financial year . 
  a study estimated that the publicity surrounding tama has contributed 1.1 billion yen to the local economy . 
  then you kill some guy or guys who probably simply made the mistake of having screwed up his navigation . 
  in turkey 's case , turkey had been complaining about violations and had at least the potential to believe that russia was ignoring its complaints , and i still do n't think that turkey benefited by shooting the thing down . 
  did estonia have the right to shoot down the plane ? 
  uh huh . 
  is it a good idea to do so ? 
  probably not . 
  remember that the eu has to fly near russian airspace too , and russia also has the legal right to shoot down every pilot who makes a navigation error of their own and crosses into russia . 
  probably a better world if both sides exhibit a bit of flexibility . 
  edit : note that this is in no way meant to imply that estonia should sacrifice her security -- if there is some reason to believe that estonia will be attacked and does need to defend herself , that 's a completely-different matter . 
  but there 's no reason to believe that estonia thought that to be the case here . 
  shooting down an aircraft is n't really an opportunity to be seized just because you can , since it 's unlikely that you wind up better-off for it . 
  i wonder if current russian military aircraft can all do glonass-based autopilot . 
  i would have thought so , but ... 
   nato only serves us interest and is a dangerous alliance . 
  if a nato member nation feels that nato membership is dangerous to it or otherwise not in its interest , it has the ability to withdraw when it chooses with a one year notice . 
  this withdrawal process is explicitly-written out in article 13 of the north atlantic treaty . 
   burden sharing mechanisms to allocate all refugees among member states should be permanent and binding . 
  this is going to be a problem . 
  if you said `` let 's establish a shared asylum-handling system '' , that might well fly . 
  one possible approach that that system might use would be closing up the exterior borders more-tightly . 
  the problem is that there * was * no unified system for a while , and some individual member states permitted people into or through their countries without other member states having a veto or other way to block this . 
  i suspect that a lot of members said `` well , * that 's * a bad idea , and i would not do it ... but you 're free to do it if you want -- i 've no authority to object '' . 
  instituting a shared system that is attached to redistribution of existing migrants , however , is going to mean that all the objections that member countries had to migration in the * first * place attach themselves to that shared system . 
  i 'd assume that a successful eu-wide immigration processing system is going to require at least a majority approval , and it is probably extremely-desirable to get unanimous approval . 
  that seems unlikely to work if creation of the system is tied at the hip to redistribution of the existing migrants to states that did not want them . 
  there are at least five classes of countries that i 'd think should buy in to any solution ; each class 's wants should be addressed : * destination countries ( dc ) . 
  germany , sweden , etc. 
  these countries have the problem that if illegal immigrants manage to get into schengen , they 're going to wind up pooling in those countries . 
  any solution that permits ( * de facto * or * de jure * ) free movement within the eu and permits large-scale illegal immigration into the eu is going to be objectionable to these countries . 
  it would be difficult for these countries to control their borders , and doing so would be damaging to schengen . 
  these countries would favor redistribution as a fast way to get rid of migrants , but would need some way to limit free movement so that people do n't wind up within their borders . 
  dc countries want each transit country to stringently register migrants so that they have some legal basis for deporting migrants to at least someone else . 
  * destination countries with limited access ( dcla ) . 
  i think that the uk would qualify here . 
  this class is n't in schengen ( probably partly * because * of concerns like this ) and has some way to reasonably control its own borders . 
  this class can at least live with the * status quo * , unlike dc countries . 
  what it does * not * want at all is redistribution , since that is the worst of all cases for it . 
  dcla countries are probably most-likely to be skeptical of an eu-wide system , since many changes would be disadvantageous to them , either turning them into a dc country or imposing redistribution on them . 
  * transit countries ( tc ) . 
  these are countries like slovenia or croatia -- not many migrants are trying to wind up living there , but simply want to pass through to reach a dc country . 
  their big concerns are having the next tc or dc country in line restricting borders and leaving them with a growing mess of illegal immigrants to deal with . 
  for them , one option is simply closing their own borders ; while they will mostly try to hold open borders as long as possible ( since an open border does n't mean that they have to actually keep anyone ) , if the next tc or dc country in line closes theirs , they will shut down their own borders . 
  they are probably not very happy about participating in registration , since this simply eases the load of dc countries and places disproportionate load on themselves . 
  * periphery transit countries ( ptc ) .
