  this could be considered a de-escalation . 
  the article does mention that some british fighters are expected to show up later , but does not say how many . 
   hungarian pm orb\u00e1n said he did not tolerate corruption of any kind in the past and would not tolerate it in the future , either . 
  the country 's interests are kept in view when any government decision is made , he insisted . 
  he said he had looked through publicly available lists showing hungary 's richest people and no fidesz supporters were in the top 10 , despite the party having been in government for ten years . 
  `` in light of this , your accusations are ridiculous and ** i propose we talk about this issue seriously when at least five of the top 10 are fidesz supporters ** . 
  i 'm afraid that will not happen tomorrow , '' viktor orb\u00e1n said . 
  wow , this is n't a satirical news source . 
  that 's possibly the worst argument against graft investigations that i 've ever heard . 
  0.0035 % if you 're only counting homicides and excluding suicides . 
  mao * did * say '' [ political power grows out of the barrel of a gun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_power_grows_out_of_the_barrel_of_a_gun ) '' , but that 's also when he was a rebel trying to get into power . 
  after he was in power , he began having his state apparatus ensure that only those approved could have control of those firearms . 
  http://www.loc.gov/law/help/firearms-control/china.php  firearms are very tightly controlled in china . 
  firearms control has been in place for most of the history of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) . 
  only about twenty months after the formal establishment of the prc , the provisional measures on firearms control were published on june 27 , 1951 ( provisional measures ) . 
  [ 1 ] many of the articles in the provisional measures were designed to identify and gain control of the large number of firearms that were within the territory of china at the time as a result of the long period of civil war that ended with the chinese communist party 's victory in 1949 . 
  for example , there was a provision authorizing public security organs ( police ) at all levels to take an inventory of all the firearms in the area , and permits could then be issued to those authorized to have firearms . 
  [ 2 ]   under the provisional measures , aside from military personnel , government officials of a certain rank who needed firearms for their duties and who obtained approval from higher-level supervisors could receive authorization to carry guns . 
  faculty and students in nonmilitary schools and personnel in publicly owned factories , stores , enterprises , and mass organizations could carry guns if doing so was necessary for the performance of their duties , as long as they obtained approval from certain high-level government organs . 
  [ 3 ] privately operated enterprises were allowed to keep the guns they already had if they reported the guns for registration with the public security organs , were approved , and were issued licenses . 
  [ 4 ] the `` firearms '' regulated in the provisional measures were rifles , carbines , pistols , and all other kinds of long or short guns , with the exception of hunting rifles . 
  [ 5 ] subsequent to mao 's death , additional restrictions were incrementally added :  in 1981 , the 1951 provisional measures were replaced by the measures on firearms control ( measures ) . 
  [ 6 ] the new measures expressly brought hunting rifles and sport-shooting guns under regulation . 
  [ 7 ] hunters and hunting units were generally allowed to possess hunting rifles under the measures . 
  other citizens over eighteen years of age could possess up to two hunting rifles . 
  [ 8 ] furthermore , the measures added articles specifically to regulate the firearms brought into and out of the country by foreigners . 
  [ 9 ]   on july 5 , 1996 , the law of the people 's republic of china on firearms control ( firearms-control law ) was adopted by the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) to replace the 1981 measures . 
  [ 10 ] [ snip ]  the approach of the firearms-control law is to prohibit any private possession of firearms in china except under extremely restricted conditions . 
  compared with its predecessor , the range of groups and individuals permitted to possess guns is significantly narrowed . 
  the 1981 provision allowing citizens over eighteen years of age to possess two hunting rifles was abolished ; instead , the new law permits only hunters and herdsmen to possess hunting rifles in areas delineated by provincial governments , subject to approval , and such guns can not be brought out of these hunting or pastoral areas . 
  [ 16 ] [ snip ]  firearms for official use are confined to police attached to public security organs , state security organs , prisons , reeducation camps , the courts , and the procuratorates , as well as to procuratorial personnel working on investigations and customs personnel . 
  guards and escort personnel working for important state defense enterprises , financial institutions , storehouses , and scientific research institutions may also be issued firearms for official use , providing that the firearms are necessary to the performance of their duties and the mps gives its approval . 
  [ 22 ] in 1998 , the mps published the measures for equipment of firearms for official use , a set of concrete rules that govern its policies `` according to the principle of strict control . '' [ 23 ] even for the firearms for official use , the process is not automatic ; a firearms-possession permit from the mps or its provincial-level counterparts must be obtained . 
  [ 24 ] [ snip ]  the criminal law provides harsh penalties for gun-control violations . 
  illegal possession of firearms is punishable by police supervision , criminal detention , or fixed-term imprisonment for up to seven years . 
  illegally manufacturing , trading , transporting , mailing , or storing five military guns , five gunpowder-propelled nonmilitary guns , ten other nonmilitary guns , fifty military bullets , five hundred nonmilitary bullets , three hand grenades , or any explosive devices that can cause serious damage is punishable by fixed-term imprisonment of not less than ten years , life imprisonment , or death . 
  well , if christians and atheists and jews and what-have-you are n't willing to raise any children ... < shrug  germany currently has a gap of [ about 200k people a year -- 150k in 2014 ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-birth-rate-rises/a-18664819 ) -- to make up with people coming in from other countries one way or another . 
  based on reading the comments here , i 'm pretty sure that visas or lack thereof are treated as some sort of social status statement in the eu in a way that i 'm not familiar with ... 
    my boyfriend , a white , bacon-eating , beer-loving 100 % native finnish guy , worked in iran for a month in 2014 . 
  his finnish company sent him to the middle of nowhere to help build a thing . 
  so if my mom dies and we need to attend her funeral back in the us , he 'd need a visa just because of a fucking work trip ?!?!, 
  yes ? 
  i mean , the thing is a rough approximation to try to identify people who are likely to be trouble , not some sort of personal indictment of your boyfriend 's character . 
  if you 've got better criteria that would work ( and if your criteria involves being `` white '' , it 's hardly going to pass political muster in the us ) , feel free to propose it , but you 'll notice that the people who were shooting up paris and a lot of other people who blew things in in the us were gallivanting around the middle east not all that long ago . 
  detroit !, 
   i do n't see how this is not a real citizenship . 
  because the eu has n't federalized yet , and in the eyes of non-eu member states , no country , no citizenship . 
  the eu could , i suppose , arrange a citizenship transfer program that would be recognized by other countries . 
  or it could try to convince other countries to introduce some sort of special concept for the eu . 
   the us bill would ban certain eu nationals from entering the us without a visa if they had visited iraq , iran , syria or sudan after march 2011 . 
  are you concerned about that , or with the biometric validation necessary to implement that logging data on other people ? 
  because the criteria itself really does n't seem very objectionable , and i 'd certainly think it reasonable for the eu to use the same criteria for us passports . 
   ... the first is generational , in the sense that policies in nearly all european states are set to create enormous imbalances between the generations . 
  the way welfare states and pension systems work , in the context of an ageing population , is bound to create burdens for the next generation that they will have to shoulder in order to finance our retirements . 
  the baby boomers are leaving the workplace , putting their feet up and looking forward to a long and cushy retirement . 
  but who is going to pay ? 
  the answer is : their children , their grandchildren and their great grandchildren ... 
  some of this is just formalizing an existing institution , where children were expected to support their parents . 
  that did n't show up on paper before , but it was still an effective debt . 
   we support the initiative to combat illegal trade of weapons , which could be the basis for the revision of the existing directive , but new solutions should not be unduly restrictive for the law-abiding firearms owners , such as athletes and hunters . 
  the proposal bans semi-automatic weapons which are included in the current category `` b7 '' . 
  semi-automatic weapons represent a high share of today 's hunting and sport-shooting weapons . 
  this change would have a significant influence on several persons who currently have the right to own that kind of weapons . 
  before making the decision on banning those weapons we have to analyse this issue thoroughly . 
  at the moment we can not support the proposal to rest rict acquisition and possession of firearms that are possessed and used legally in accord with internal law of eu member states . 
  currently we are hesitant whether the proposed changes will actually lead to the results that are expected . 
  i think that a firearm ban is a bad idea , but the idea would presumably be that be that , particularly with schengen , it 's hard to prevent goods from moving illegally from one country to another , whereas if the eu could keep firearms on the other side of a border that 's actually controlled , it could meaningfully restrict their movement . 
   authorities from the both countries have started to discuss the issue via e-mail ... 
  i hope they use pgp to verify senders . 
  forging email on the topic seems like one hell of a prank . 
  italy has little incentive to do this . 
  it just creates a legal basis for other eu members to return illegal immigrants to italy . 
  if the eu agreed on freedom of movement for refugees within the eu or something like that , italy would almost-certainly be willing to do so . 
  but right now , a fingerprinted illegal immigrant is just an immigrant being sent back to italy . 
   this is isis we 're talking about . 
  ten percent have some respect or understanding for joining isis ? 
  that is absurdly high . 
  depends on the precise phrasing and framing of the question . 
  i 'd kind of like to see the poll sheet used as it was presented to the pollees . 
  i 'm a little irritated that polling companies rarely provide this . 
  if you 're simply referring to relations since the 1960s . 
  but that 's obviously not the [ 2011 military intervention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) . 
  [ most airstrikes were british and french ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ) :  since the end of march , more than 800 strike missions have been flown , with u.s. aircraft conducting only three , targeting static libyan air defense installations . 
  ... and the calls for us involvement were from sarkozy . 
  the us dragged its feet -- the us has historically taken a dim view of militarily-supporting europe taking chunks of africa . 
   initial nato planning for a possible no-fly zone took place in late february and early march , [ 79 ] especially by nato members france and the united kingdom . 
  [ 80 ] france and the uk were early supporters of a no-fly zone and had sufficient airpower to impose a no-fly zone over the rebel-held areas , although they might need additional assistance for a more extensive exclusion zone . 
    the us had the air assets necessary to enforce a no-fly zone , but was cautious about supporting such an action prior to obtaining a legal basis for violating libya 's sovereignty . 
  furthermore , due to the sensitive nature of military action by the us against an arab nation , the us sought arab participation in the enforcement of a no-fly zone . 
  iraq , now ... there 's a us project . 
  but libya was something driven by europe . 
  i think that there are a number of people in europe , particularly on the left side of things , who comfortably file all military actions under `` the us inscrutably going out and doing things and europe getting dragged in '' . 
  it 's a little irritating over here when that happens . 
  the us coming in to support europe -- fine , we work together on a lot of things . 
  i do n't object to that . 
  but credit and blame where due , eh ? 
  we do n't blame iraq on you , even though european countries came in to aid the us when the us asked them to do so . 
  same , it seems to me , should go for europe not blaming the us on libya . 
   ttip should bring about a transatlantic convergence towards our shared societal values ... no trade agreement can embody full trust if it does not address labor standards ... we will set the standard that integrated free trade zones in modern times commit themselves to fighting climate change ... modern free trade agreements should embrace gender equality , by binding government procurement to woman empowerment . 
  < raises eyebrows  if the author wants to use ttip as a lever to also unify the structure of societies , and if he can -- and it seems implausible to me -- somehow sell the people who are drawing up the thing on both sides on this , would he be as equally-prepared for other policies to be unified ?
