  i rejected this statement :  if you can cut off a piece of their dick , what else can you cut off ? 
  it 's not correct to punt on discussing infant male circumcision by switching the conversation to something else , because it 's entirely viable to permit infant male circumcision without permitting cutting off random other body parts . 
  i 'm not hebrew either , though even if i were , it still would n't affect the validity of my argument . 
  how about you guys talk about my argument and not me ? 
  there could potentially be a rationale that also applies to other things , but there does n't need to be . 
  also , it 's not a christian tradition . 
  source on it being wholly religiously inspired ? 
  as the latter quotes point out , that 's not how some people have interpreted the text . 
  i agree that violating levirate marriage and failing to impregnate his brother 's wife is another interpretation , but there is n't consensus that one or the other is the intended meaning . 
  well , depending upon your biblical interpretation : [ genesis 38:8 -10 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=genesis+38:8-10 ) :  8 then judah said to onan , `` sleep with your brother 's wife and fulfill your duty to her as a brother-in-law to raise up offspring for your brother . '' 9 but onan knew that the child would not be his ; so whenever he slept with his brother 's wife , he spilled his semen on the ground to keep from providing offspring for his brother . 
  10 what he did was wicked in the lord 's sight ; so the lord put him to death also . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/onan  ** interpretation **   the implication from the narrative is that onan 's act as described is what gave rise to divine displeasure , but even if that is the case it is not clear whether his objectionable behaviour was the refusal to complete the levirate obligation of providing sperm for his brother 's widow to continue his brother 's name ( and clan rights ) or `` shedding seed in vain '' , or even having sex with tamar ( who would normally be prohibited to him as a sister-in-law ) outside the context of an overriding levirate obligation . 
  [ snip ]  the view that the `` wasted seed '' refers to masturbation was upheld by many early rabbis . 
  [ snip ]  early christian writers have sometimes focused on the spilling seed , and the sexual act being used for non-procreational purposes . 
  [ snip ]  the papal encyclical casti connubii ( 1930 ) invokes this biblical text in support of the teaching of the catholic church against contracepted sex . 
  [ snip ]  making reference to onan 's offense to identify masturbation sinful , in his commentary on genesis , john calvin teaches that `` the voluntary spilling of semen outside of intercourse between a man and a woman is a monstrous thing . 
  deliberately to withdraw from coitus in order that semen may fall on the ground is double monstrous . 
  '' [ 13 ] [ 14 ] methodism founder john wesley , according to bryan c. hodge , `` believed that any waste of the semen in an unproductive sexual act , whether that should be in the form of masturbation or coitus interruptus , as in the case of onan , destroyed the souls of the individuals who practice it '' . 
  [ 15 ] he writes his thoughts on the sin of onan ( 1767 ) , which was reproduced as a word to whom it may concern on 1779 , as an attempt to censor a work by samuel-auguste tissot . 
  [ 16 ] in that writing , wesley warns about `` the dangers of self pollution '' , the bad physical and mental effects of masturbation , [ 17 ] [ 16 ] writes many such cases along with the treatment recommendations . 
  maybe all three . 
  you 're ignoring my comment . 
  i said that i do n't think that there 's any reason to believe that infant circumcision ca n't be allowed or disallowed in isolation . 
  you could perfectly legitimately permit it without permitting anything else . 
  given that that 's the case , it 's not necessary to address that . 
  yes , because your argument was predicated on the idea that the body could n't be violated , so i gave an example that i 'd expect you to support where someone else is dictating what happens to your body . 
  ahhh ... it would make * way * more sense in a 1930s nsdap context , yeah . 
  i assume he 's talking about getting an industrial advantage . 
  eh , as long as it applies equally to everyone , it 's just adapting to another set of rules . 
  first , i 'm not religious . 
  second , even if i were , it would have no bearing on the validity of my argument . 
  i 'm not sure that six months of retention is that bad if wiretap capability already exists . 
  those might be interesting questions too , but i think that the only relevant one here is `` does permitting infant male circumcision entail also permitting these other things '' , and the answer to that is that it does not . 
  but even if i did , it should n't matter as regards the argument . 
  probably a lot of them would be . 
  it 's a pretty integral element of most religion . 
  i mean , realistically determining the course of the first eighteen years of someone 's life is pretty hard to reverse ( if it was n't , culture would n't likely exist with the degree of geographic locality that it does ) . 
  i mean , we just are n't that plastic . 
  i admit that i used idioms because i figured that it would n't do too well with them and we 'd get a good result , but that worked out nicely . 
   yeah , because russia putting a missile base at its capital is at all compareable to the us putting missile bases in foreign countries if we only deployed it in the us , we 'd be unable to intercept things fired at europe . 
   not to mention that the s-400 does n't have offensive capabilities , where as the us missile ` shield ' does . 
  no , it does not have offensive abilities . 
  it does n't even have an explosive warhead , and it 'd be an insanely-expensive platform to use even if some new version was developed and deployed that did . 
  there are also very few of these . 
  i should add that this is not the case for the iskanders that russia [ has been putting into kaliningrad ] ( http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn1280iv ) : those * are * anti-ground weapons , and placed there so that their ranges cover most of europe . 
  if we wanted to hit russia , we 've the existing ability to do that and have for ages , via nuclear slbms , which were designed for precisely that purpose and * are * suitable for it . 
  i 'd agree with mandatory service being valued in terms of lost gdp . 
   also , the 2 % is just an arbitrary number . 
  it 's not atypical . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the point is that if there is no line , members will invariably cut and rely on others instead . 
  if someone went to their military for numbers and came back saying `` our military believes that 1.7 % from all members would be sufficient '' , then that 'd be a valid approach . 
  there 'd still be a line , to avoid the above slide . 
  but just ignoring it after agreeing to it is n't . 
   if you can cut off a piece of their dick , what else can you cut off ? 
  well , i do n't think that allowing circumcision need mean allowing , say , cutting out someone 's heart , if that 's what you 're getting at . 
  i think that it 's viable to consider circumcision in isolation . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'd point out that i think that many would object . 
   circumcised penises are ugly . 
  supposing it turns out that men on the net prefer large breasts . 
  should implants be mandatory based on this ? 
  i think that aside from gay men who spend time with a variety of penis styles , there may be a bit of a lack of familiarity on both sides . 
  cover female circumcision with health insurance too ? 
  hmm . 
  i assume that you support mandatory vaccination ? 
  so you 're against the ability to raise children in a religion ? 
  relative to what ? 
  if you 're going to be anti-semitic , how about skipping the codewords and just being explicit about it ? 
  kellogg 's argument was n't a religious one . 
  at one point , sure , it was the common language of the educated -- just saying that it 's not something that i personally have seen before . 
  latin america commonly gives babies piercings . 
   the total potential penalty could be as much as $ 4.6 billion , based on the cost per vehicle and the number of 2014 through 2016 model year suvs and trucks . 
  when the epa first revealed volkswagen 's wrongdoing in september 2015 , the company faced punishment of up to $ 18 billion . 
  chrysler was still doing it after the vw fiasco ? 
  wow ... 
  none of those are nato operations , though countries involved were also nato members . 
   this sub is the breeding ground for the most hardcore nato radicals . 
  if you do n't have jens stoltenberg 's face tattooed on your butt , you 're probably just a nato casual !, 
  eastern europe is n't really the primary problem vis-a-vis military budget . 
  so , she 's in charge of marketing , doing tactful communication ? 
  doing a heck of a job . 
  no , she 's just oblivious . 
  edit : alternately , saying things like this intentionally to generate followers and a direct communication channel . 
  it 's not free . 
  it 's covered by insurance . 
  well , if you 're a typical american and go on a european forum , you 'll have people talking smack about your penis ... 
  upvoted for first time i 've actually seen someone using latin as a lingua franca . 
   okay , he might have a decent understanding of what 's going on in his own country , in the anglosphere , and maybe even in france . 
  i speak english , but i 've got no idea what the maori kiwis are up to . 
  * french poster * sends lots of people from around the eu to london * says that he avoids hiring brits * states that english monolingualism is done for are you * sure * that you 're not just trolling for british readers ? 
  if you 're also able to double-encode them in terms of romanian idioms , i 'd say that it 'd be pretty opaque !, 
   i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  < suspiciously  does the contract have fine print in sami ? 
  the world can not compete with the obscurity of maltese !, 
  we must not allow a language obscurity gap !, 
  [ refund military initiatives ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/code_talker ) !, 
  everyone start speaking navajo immediately !, 
   russian deputy foreign minister alexei mechkov called the deployment a `` factor destabilising european security '' . 
  mmmhmm .
