  back off , canada !, 
  we saw them first !, 
   no terrorism well , * mostly * not . 
  there [ * has * been the sporadic problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_defense_league ) with attacks on representatives of the soviet union , neo-nazis , and arabs . 
  i 'm not normally enthusiastic about the [ adl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-defamation_league ) , but they have a [ pretty good timeline ] ( http://archive.adl.org/extremism/jdl_chron.html ) of the jdl 's activities , at least up until the mid-1990s . 
  the ones on official soviet representatives probably caused the most international impact :  january 8 , 1971 : a bomb exploded in the pre-dawn hours of the morning outside a soviet cultural building in washington dc causing moderate damage . 
  shortly after the explosion , a woman telephoned news agencies and warned : `` this is a sample of things to come . 
  let our people go . 
  never again ! '', 
  bertram zweibon , the vice-chairman of the jdl denied the group 's involvement , but declared , `` we do not condemn the act . 
  [ snip ]  may 24 , 1972 : in an apparent effort to disrupt u.s. - soviet relations , four people , two of which were reported to be members of the jdl , were arrested and charged with bomb possession and burglary in a conspiracy to blow up the long island residence of the soviet mission to the un . 
  president nixon was on an official visit to moscow at the time . 
  the arrests were announced by acting attorney general richard kliendienst . 
  on august 4 1972 , the two jdl members pleaded guilty and were sentenced to serve 3 years in prison for one and a year and a day for the other . 
  [ snip ]  march 2 , 1976 : the jdl issued a statement applauding the firing of several bullets into an apartment building in the soviet un mission residence in the riverdale section of new york , but denied any connection with the jewish armed resistance , the group that claimed responsibility for the shootings . 
  [ snip ]  november 15 , 1981 : twelve bullets were shot into the sitting room in the home of the soviet union 's ambassador to the united nations in glen cove , long island . 
  there were no injuries . 
  an unidentified caller telephoned united press international and claimed responsibility in the name of the jdl . 
  meir kahane , in an interview with the new york daily news while on a speaking tour of the u.s. stated , `` we have no exact knowledge of who fired into the home , but we have no doubt it is the work of jewish activists . '', 
  describing the shooting as an `` unlawful act , '' he went on to praise it by saying , `` we applaud it . '', 
  at a press conference 15 hours after the shooting , kahane `` proudly announce [ d ] '' and `` heartily applauded '' the act , predicting an `` escalation '' of attacks against soviet representatives in the future . 
  `` jews do n't walk freely in the streets of moscow , '' he said , warning , `` russians wo n't walk freely here . '', 
  statistically , though , these are insignificant . 
  israel 's been paying attention to this for at least 50 years , and i imagine that israel was capable of obtaining that data . 
   on december 6 [ 1967 ] [ prime minister levi ] eshkol convened a lengthy consultation with two professors , roberto bacci , the director of the central bureau of statistics , and aryeh dvoretzky , a professor of mathematics at the hebrew university , who were trying to convince him that the gaza refugees should be moved to the west bank . 
  the italian-born bacci was involved in efforts to raise the birthrate among jews and reduce it among israeli arabs . 
  dvoretzky was among the scientists who made their skills available to the security establishment ; in 1960 , he was appointed head of rafael , the weapons development authority . 
    the three did not talk much about the human plight of the refugees , whom they viewed as a problem for israel . 
  at no point in the conversation did they raise the possibility of absorbing the refugees within israel or leaving them in gaza . 
  they began their meeting by studying a map . 
  bacci gave eshkol alarming information : a survey had shown that infant mortality in gaza might decrease . 
  `` if we continue to be as compassionate as we are now , '' he said , infant mortality in the territories might even come to rival that of israeli arabs . 
  `` this is a shocking situation , '' he observed . 
  seeking some reassurance , eshkol asked whether there was no hope that westernization would lead arab girls to have fewer babies . 
  bacci said yes , but it would take at least fifteen years for that to occur , `` unless we are able to assert more control over the palestinian family unit . '', 
  eshkol asked how this could be done , and bacci replied , `` it is a real problem . '', 
  he told the prime minister that more than half of the territories ' inhabitants were under the age of fifteen , which was another `` frightening thing . '', 
  on the other hand , there was reason to hope that those gaza refugees who moved to the west bank would go on to emigrate to jordan or elsewhere . 
  one-third of west bank families sent one of their children overseas , bacci explained . 
  like the israelis who left the country for good , many palestinians believed they would return but ended up staying abroad . 
  segev , tom . 
  * 1967 : israel , the war , and the year that transformed the middle east * . 
  new york : metropolitan , 2007 , p528, 
  there 's one important exception : the refugee convention mandates freedom of movement to refugees within a country granting asylum . 
  the pacific solution circumvents that by moving the refugee out of the country in question . 
  by doing that , it avoids a refugee convention violation . 
  you can detain someone while determining their refugee status , but not once you 've granted it to them . 
  honestly , even as regards the refugee redistribution , which is what people are currently upset about , germany has had effectively no ability to force through the solutions that it produced -- even when passed , other member countries simply did n't cooperate . 
  i think that it probably makes more sense to blame political structure -- a particular combination of treaties and legal structure , from which the refugee crisis would always tend to emerge , given the pressures that exist now -- than anything germany has pushed through as policy . 
  if i wanted to avoid this happening again , i 'd probably want to address the citizenship/immigration structure in the eu to better-align interests of member states , not whack germany whenever germany proposes a policy . 
   a million of unskilled slackers to europe honestly , i suspect that immigrants -- including illegal ones -- are probably some of the more-driven members of their society . 
  not sure if `` slacker '' is the most-accurate term . 
   but yet , we wo n't work together . 
  because the eu still hopes that the current crisis will end some day . 
  and from that day on , we want to go back to the stage where we do n't give a single fuck about refugees . 
  i mean , i do n't think you need all the self-flagellation . 
  the us is in the same boat and has demonstrated zero interest in plonking substantial numbers in the us . 
  afaik , donations to the unhcr do n't come with requirements for future funding attached , or future responsibility for people in those camps . 
   i do n't see why the us would do that though . 
  the us and europe are the bulk of the existing unhcr funding : as per my other posts , i dug up the 2012 budget and the us and the eu and the rather-smaller contribution from japan are over 75 % of the funds . 
  if europe is kicking in refugee money , nobody else is likely to kick in a meaningful amount other than the us . 
  as to us concerns , i 'm guessing , but the us has no interest in eu instability or a worse clusterfuck in the middle east , which is probably going to happen if the eu starts simply dumping people off back in africa without camps being involved , which i imagine is a growing risk . 
  one of the ways people wind up in fighting forces in poor countries is because the military or rebel groups are the only place providing food and funds to buy the necessities of life : guerrilla fighters are n't all the gloriously-ideologically-dedicated sorts that make for romantic stories . 
  if you want to starve groups -- like , for example , isis -- of recruits in particular regions , providing an alternative to fighting might be a good idea , and a useful lever to operate . 
  [ here 's a guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/13/food-aid-cuts-making-refugees-targets-for-isis-recruitment ) :  cuts in food aid to vulnerable refugees in the middle east are making young men `` prime targets '' for recruitment by extremist groups , a top official at the un 's world food programme said on thursday . 
  [ snip ]  cousin said that the burden of providing food to vulnerable families is increasingly falling on children and young men , who are abandoning schools or entering the labour force , and who are becoming more vulnerable to recruitment by extremist organisations . 
    `` what concerns me is the young men who i was meeting with , who are feeling that responsibility that we talked about , who see no other method of feeding their family other than to return to syria , '' she said . 
  `` they become prime targets for the islamist extremist groups who are paying money for service . 
  so if that then is how they can feed their family , that is attractive and that is something that should worry us all . '' i 'd imagine -- no expertise , mind -- that some portion of foreign aid has something more-or-less like this as a rationale . 
  a starving country is a country where life is cheap ; a country where life is cheap does n't follow laws ; a country where laws are n't followed is a hard place to keep a government viable . 
  well , it is a topic of some discussion at the moment . 
  i do n't really see * jus soli * changing easily , though . 
  that 's specified by the us constitution , and the bar for amending that is pretty high . 
  i suspect that if you wanted to modify the policy , it would be more-viable to modify family reunification criteria to disallow parents from being brought in . 
  no idea how that would sell politically , though . 
  ya , sorry , when i said `` best performing ethnic group '' , i meant '' [ jewish-americans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_jews ) '' , not specifically german jews who then immigrated to the us . 
  checking wikipedia , looks like lots did come from eastern europe :  jews have been present in what is today the united states of america since the mid-17th century . 
  [ 9 ] [ 10 ] however , they were small in numbers and almost exclusively sephardic jewish immigrants of spanish and portuguese ancestry . 
  [ 11 ] since 1740 jews were specifically permitted to immigrate and become british citizens in the colonies with passage of the plantation act . 
  despite some being denied the ability to vote or hold office in local jurisdictions , sephardic jews became active in community affairs in the 1790s , after achieving political equality in the five states where they were most numerous . 
  [ 12 ] until about 1830 , charleston , south carolina had more jews than anywhere else in north america . 
  large scale jewish immigration , however , did not commence until the 19th century , when , by mid-century , many ashkenazi jews had arrived from germany , migrating to the united states in large numbers due to antisemitic laws and restrictions at home . 
  [ citation needed ] they primarily became merchants and shop-owners . 
  there were approximately 250,000 jews in the united states by 1880 , many of them being the educated , and largely secular , german jews , although a minority population of the older sephardic jewish families remained influential . 
    jewish migration to the united states increased dramatically in the early 1880s , as a result of persecution and economic difficulties in parts of eastern europe . 
  most of these new immigrants were yiddish-speaking ashkenazi jews , though most came from the poor rural populations of the russian empire and the pale of settlement , located in modern-day poland , lithuania , belarus , ukraine and moldova . 
  during the same period , great numbers of ashkenazi jews also arrived also from galicia , at that time the most impoverished region of austro-hungarian empire with heavy jewish urban population , driven out mainly by economic reasons . 
  many jews also emigrated from romania due to antisemitic persecution . 
  [ citation needed ] over 2,000,000 jews landed between the late 19th century and 1924 , when the immigration act of 1924 and the national origins quota of 1924 restricted immigration . 
  most settled in the new york metropolitan area , establishing the world 's major concentrations of jewish population . 
  in 1915 the circulation of the daily yiddish newspapers was half a million in new york city alone , and 600,000 nationally . 
  in addition thousands more subscribed to the numerous weekly papers and the many magazines . 
  [ 13 ]   at the beginning of the 20th century , these newly arrived jews built support networks consisting of many small synagogues and ashkenazi jewish landsmannschaften ( german for `` countryman associations '' ) for jews from the same town or village . 
  american jewish writers of the time urged assimilation and integration into the wider american culture , and jews quickly became part of american life . 
  500,000 american jews ( or half of all jewish males between 18 and 50 ) fought in world war ii , and after the war younger families joined the new trend of suburbanization . 
  there , jews became increasingly assimilated and demonstrated rising intermarriage . 
  the suburbs facilitated the formation of new centers , as jewish school enrollment more than doubled between the end of world war ii and the mid-1950s , while synagogue affiliation jumped from 20 % in 1930 to 60 % in 1960 ; the fastest growth came in reform and , especially , conservative congregations . 
  [ 14 ] more recent waves of jewish emigration from russia and other regions have largely joined the mainstream american jewish community . 
    americans of jewish descent have been disproportionately successful in many fields and aspects over the years . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] the jewish community in america has gone from a lower class minority , with most studies putting upwards of 80 % as manual factory laborers prior to world war i and with the majority of fields barred to them , [ 17 ] to the consistent richest or second richest ethnicity in america for the past 40 years in terms of average annual salary , with extremely high concentrations in academia and other fields , and today have the highest per capita income of any ethnic group in the united states , at around double the average income of non-jewish americans .
