  if we can take advantage of the fact that some people are currently sitting mostly-idle in productive capacity ( running around with an ox-drawn plow on a farm somewhere ? 
  ) , we * want * to do that -- makes us as a whole * and * them as a whole better-off . 
  it does n't make you one of a tiny elite [ the way it did in 1940 ] ( https://www.census.gov/hhes/socdemo/education/data/cps/historical/fig1.jpg ) -- a third of people in the us today have a bachelor 's degree or higher , as opposed to 4 % in 1940 ... but that 's also because people are rather-better-off and more-highly-skilled than they were in 1940 . 
  as a society , we 're producing more * stuff * than we once did , and consuming more * stuff * . 
  that was always going to happen , if you want an inclusive society -- the whole society had to become educated , not just a tiny portion of it . 
  and historically , that 's been a good gamble in the past -- increasing educational level has made countries better-off . 
  that being said , it obviously has a point of diminishing returns . 
  you ca n't just have people spend their whole lives being educated . 
  at some point , we have to improve education -- specialize earlier , or make education more-effective than it is today , or do a better job of covering skillsets that will be in demand . 
  us manufacturing 's doing fine and has seen fairly steady growth , but it 's not using low-skill assembly-line labor nearly as much any more . 
  < shrug  i think that you 're better off pushing for policies keyed to productivity gains subsidizing people who see underemployment or unemployment or are in a closing industry , since that will tend to benefit everyone involved . 
  yes , that 's a fair point . 
  i think that it 's very rare for that to be the case -- but remember that it 's * also * true that for those things , an individual country avoiding free trade agreements does n't address the issue either . 
  what that really requires to internalize is not avoiding free trade agreements , but global agreement on a value for each ton of carbon dioxide emitted and then to use the generated funds as an input to compensation and as an input into auctioned sequestration services . 
  similar issues happen with water rights to rivers and pollution in them -- it 's been addressed on a smaller scale before . 
  all right , that 's fair -- i 'm over-simplifying . 
  let 's take a look . 
   how does that work when no country takes into account negative externalities ? 
  i 'm guessing that you 're talking about stuff like worker safety regulations ? 
  let 's say that there 's a real negative externality , that people working in the watch industry develop mouth cancer ( an issue with radioactive paint at one point ) and that the industry tries to hush it up in one country . 
  the country that fails to internalize the externality will be disadvantaged by not having internalized it , yes -- that will be true regardless of trade . 
  but the country that * does * internalize it will not be . 
  in fact , it will benefit ( even if by doing so , it gains to the detriment of the less-reasonable other country ) , because it will get the watches made at a smaller cost to itself than would be the case had workers with desirable safety regulations been making them . 
  the eu has an fta with algeria . 
  if algeria lacks some such regulations that * would * be a good idea for algeria to pass , and france trades with algeria and does have those restrictions in place , france has basically `` found a sucker '' , who is willing to take a hit to france 's benefit . 
  now , french * watch * companies may be irked . 
  hey , they are n't on a level playing field , and they 're going to go out of business !, 
  and workers at those watch companies may be irked -- now they have to go find a new job . 
  but french companies that export other goods ( wine , scooters , whatever ) are delighted , since algerian watch-making companies are making money that they would n't otherwise have made , and will ultimately use that money to purchase french goods or import from another country that will import from france . 
  now , it may be up to france to distribute the benefits of that trade however france wants . 
  maybe 90 % of all the working class in france made watches , and this creates vast social pressures , and the french government can only alleviate things by increasing subsidies to the working class . 
  but that 's a question of internal governance for france -- the only promise france gets is that as a whole , she 's better-off . 
  so on that point , my statement can be taken in its original form . 
  france would benefit from an fta with algeria , even if algeria is n't internalizing negative externalities . 
  how about your second point , dumping ? 
  i 'm not an expert on dumping . 
  / u/savannajeff is an expert on trade agreements , and i once asked him about it , and he said that it 's an honest concern . 
  i will say that i believe that i have seen many cases where companies * claim * predatory pricing where this is not actually the case . 
  my understanding is that china is selling steel below cost , but that this was because of a set of serious mis-incentives in china that rather-seriously hurt china ( nor is this the first time that the chinese [ badly fucked up by forcing over-emphasis on steel production ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_leap_forward ) ) . 
  china did not expect slowing economic activity and geared up steel production relative to what * would * have been the case if the economy kept growing -- bu instead major chinese users of steel like shipbuilders and skyscraper construction firms started going under . 
  the economic slowdown in china left them producing more steel than was needed . 
  chinese political stability relies upon economic growth , so the government was worried about mass unemployment of people -- and they want to rebuild those steel-using industries . 
  much like most countries , `` shutting down production '' is a lot less popular than optimistic `` let 's grow our way out of trouble '' . 
  china minimized their losses by selling off steel at a loss rather than just stockpiling it . 
  china 's clearly losing money , but it 's also doubtful that it was with any kind of a goal of establishing a steel monopoly . 
  in fact , this can be rather profitable for other countries . 
  so , i 'll list that as a * potential * concern . 
  it 's * possible * that one could have companies try to establish a monopoly via size and use of predatory pricing . 
  in practice , i understand that consensus is that china just plain screwed up . 
  so ... it could be a concern , via actual predatory pricing or even just simple old disruption . 
  i do n't believe that it 's really a large one , though -- instead , german automakers can sit back and enjoy the cost of their inputs dropping . 
   and how about defense industries ? 
  would you let china make your slbms ? 
  national defense is one of about two `` classic '' externalities -- pollution being the other big one . 
  yeah , that 's real . 
  but you do n't have to ban trade to mandate that weapons be produced domestically . 
  it 'd probably be cheaper to produce our warships abroad ... but we do n't , even though we 're in nafta . 
  instead , we make sure that we retain sufficient domestic capacity to build our weapons if we are n't certain that we could rely on someone else , so we still retain some shipyard capacity , even if we do n't build much by way of merchant ships . 
  in practice , my assumption is that the eu will actually want to see some consolidation here -- to accept another few countries in europe as essential and integral to its defense , and thus be able to leverage scale to a greater degree as commitments among european countries become stronger . 
  so for that third point , national defense , you 're right -- i do think that there 's a real externality there ... but it 's not incompatible with having free trade agreements , either . 
     if you establish environmental regulations in your country , and then have free trade with countries where they do n't have that , you will not be able to compete . 
  not for the country as a whole ( though for individual companies , that could be true ) . 
  you will have trade and competition , because trade depends on [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) , not [ absolute advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/absolute_advantage ) . 
  those restrictions * may * reshape the industry , true . 
  for example , the market might effectively say `` ah , it 's not worth it to have workers in country a working in the auto industry when we could have workers in country b doing so , where fewer restrictions are present and the auto can be manufactured more-appealingly . 
  a country with unnecessary regulation ( and i am not just implying that regulation is unnecessary here , i do mean unnecessary regulation ) may wind off worse-off than it would have if that same country had not had that regulation . 
  it may wind up with an inefficiently-small amount of production for the affected industry , and an inefficiently-large amount of production for * other * industries . 
  that is , those countries will be worse off on the net . 
  however , it will still trade and still benefit from doing so , and there will be no persistent trade deficit . 
  this is reasonable -- if a country passes a regulation , it is saying `` there is an externality here , and we are internalizing it '' . 
  for example , maybe workers are unable to assess the risks of exposure to a particular dangerous chemical , so the state says `` workers here may simply not be exposed to that chemical '' . 
  it 's fine for , say , france to ban this exposure . 
  however , if some * other * country makes a different assessment as to its harm , france will still , * on the net * , benefit from having the work done in that other country ( and then trading more goods from other export industries to that country in exchange ) . 
  now , within a country , individual companies or individual workers may well be disadvantaged by that -- but that is expected any time trade agreements ( like the eu itself ) or technological advancement ( the clerk is eliminated by the website ) happen , any change in the economic environment at all ... so it 's a very weak objection . 
  and if a country feels that that should not happen , well , it 's free to * internally * redistribute the benefits of trade however it wants . 
  i am pretty confident that the overwhelming majority of the public in both the us and the eu does not understand the economic rationale for ftas . 
  they either get bits of some complicated mass thrown at them , or a demagogue giving a simple and completely-wrong explanation . 
  all of which are pretty small , too . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29_per_capita * luxembourg and ireland . 
  part of the eu . 
  ca n't do a deal without the eu as a whole doing it . 
  * switzerland and norway . 
  i mean , i 've no objection , but they are n't that big . 
  * qatar : we have one which has been in-negotiation but suspended since 2006 . 
   i think cheddar cheese must come from cheddar to actually be called cheddar cheese . 
  it 's actually , surprisingly , [ not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheddar_cheese ) , though it 's a common misconception that it is . 
  because in the us , a lot of the terms that the eu wants pdo status for are generics . 
  the cheese `` feta '' is a type of cheese here , not cheese from a place . 
  so it 's not just a term with no meaning -- it 's developed the mindshare and usage of a generic . 
  it 's in consumer heads , in grandma 's recipes , on restaurant menus . 
  from the eu 's standpoint , this is tantamount to infringing on trademarks . 
  from the us standpoint , eu companies are asking for the equivalent of monopoly ownership in the us market on terms that are as generic to you as `` butter '' , whereas us companies would be restricted to selling `` yellow-colored milkfat derivative '' . 
  if these were new , unknown terms , i doubt that there 'd be objection . 
  the us does n't have pdos , but i believe that it does have a few ( far fewer than europe ) cases where some sort of industry organization holds a trademark ( '' [ california raisins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_california_raisins ) '' are trademarked by some sort of industry group , for example , and even have their own video game ) , so the objection would n't be so much to pdos as a concept as it would be giving away a range of brands . 
  i 've raised the question of whether giving in on pdos would be acceptable to europeans on this forum ( who had an immediate gut reaction to it , saying that not getting pdo ownership of eu-registered pdos in the us market would be completely unacceptable , a deal-breaker , and even that them learning that this was happening today gave them the position that us companies were ripping off eu companies by making `` copycat '' goods ) . 
  i also asked a marketing director who 's a friend of mine in the us , and he was appalled that the idea of giving away ownership of such widely-used generic terms to european companies would even be placed on the table , that pdos were clearly uncompetitive , and said that that should be a deal-breaker . 
  https://www.cato.org/publications/cato-online-forum/geographical-indications-ttip-impossible-task  the issue of gi protection engenders strong feelings and uncompromising rhetoric on both sides of the atlantic . 
  wisconsin republican paul ryan , chairman of the house ways and means committee , which has jurisdiction over matter of trade policy , condemns european gis as trade barriers and vows that `` for generations to come , we 're going to keep making gouda in wisconsin . 
  and feta , and cheddar and everything else . ''   at the same time , the eu trade commissioner cecilia malmstr\u00f6m laments that italian cheeses are being `` undermined by inferior domestic imitations '' in the united states and vowed to solve the problem through ttip by `` getting a strong agreement on geographical indications . '' personally , i think that it 'd probably make sense for the us to assess the value of the generic terms lost , give in on pdos , but ask for equivalent-value concessions in some other area , and then pass policy to effectively transfer losses from one industry to the pdo-affected industry to subsidize advertising and let them try to build a new brand . 
  i used to be really opposed to pdos as uncompetitive , but i 've kinda decided that they are n't really worse than trademarks -- it 'd be possible for a local government to own a trademark and license it to only local companies , to create a trademark sort-of-bound-to-the-land , so it 's not something outside the realm of reason .
