  is he saying that this will address germany 's sub-replacement fertility or is he using ` innovative ' in a literal sense and saying that specifically women and specifically turkish women are unusually innovative ? 
  or is `` inbreeding '' used literally and he 's worried about genetic recessive traits in the german population ? 
  i feel like i need a translation not just from german , but from german-finance-ministerese . 
  thanks for the translation . 
   sch\u00e4uble is worried about the condition of american democracy , which `` in the eyes of a non-western person [ ... ] is becoming more of a plutocracy of big capital '' . 
  you build a more stable and lucrative economy , you can set a shining example for the world with that . 
  you 're in a prime position to personally do that , schauble . 
  make the eurozone something that the world looks up to and you 'll have your influence . 
   `` even the americans will have to learn to look at the world from a different persepective and not only their own . 
  for example , why have n't they properly succeeded to make latin america a good partner ? '', 
  hmmm . 
  we 've got nafta and are putting together tpp . 
  we built the [ oas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organization_of_american_states ) . 
  the obvious rejoinder : how has europe 's relationship to africa compared ? 
  what partnerships has it built , and how much development has it fostered there ? 
  we and the other allies put together the [ world bank ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_bank ) and the [ imf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_monetary_fund ) , which has aimed at driving development in south america as well as elsewhere . 
  germany 's last contribution there was to , in a process that i believe schauble was driving , abuse the thing to cover german losses in greece . 
  accepting criticism is one thing , but , schauble , you want to talk the talk , you 're going to need to walk the walk . 
  i mean , i 'd be comfortable with reducing unnecessary overhead of the process . 
   well neither russia nor nato has any interest in having turkey in their block . 
  major world military power , controls asia-europe and black sea-med transit ? 
  turkey shot an armed warplane in its airspace . 
  maybe not the best response , but well within its rights . 
  sweden would be able to do the same if russian warplanes flew into swedish airspace . 
  also , on the subject of political matters -- imagine how you 'd feel if sweden had a dictator come to power driven by islamicist supporters . 
  you want finland , norway , everyone else to try to pressure him to do what they can to protect your secular population ? 
  or do you want 'em to say `` fuck swedes '' and just disengage and watch from a distance ? 
  how credible does turkey find eu membership offers ? 
  those values include the death penalty . 
  europe is n't the entire west . 
  it 's about letting markets have access to a worldwide pool of resources to work with . 
  labor is one such resource , [ but the point of trade wo n't go away even once the whole world 's wages have roughly evened out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) . 
  so far , the kill ratio has n't been very favorable to jihadists . 
  as i recall , he was employed , not on welfare . 
  i mean , the whole shebang is the british isles , so it 's kinda both sides . 
  might be worthwhile to have them universally-recognizable . 
   predicting a 30 percent decline in visitor numbers to france in the coming month probably should have a title of '' predictions of critical blow '' rather than `` critical blow '' . 
  animal populations that do n't have things that eat them normally have a population kept in check by resource constraints . 
  you can do that by starvation ... or getting shot . 
  the latter is probably faster . 
  huh . 
  that 's actually really interesting . 
  once you * do * have swiss citizenship , you can go live anywhere in switzerland , though , right ? 
  [ apparently it 's a british english-us english difference ] ( http://www.dailywritingtips.com/pressured-vs-pressurized/ ) . 
  `` pressurize '' is something i 'd do to a bicycle tire , and `` pressure '' a person . 
  thanks . 
  germany is n't oppressing europe . 
   other states such as armenia had to be pressurized . 
  `` pressurized ? '', 
   tried to drag us into more conflict with russia by shooting down one of their planes . 
  the ukraine invasion happened before the shootdown , and russia * did * fly through their airspace , even if that maybe was n't the best response . 
   most first world countries do n't have the death penalty or actual life-sentences no , that 's true , but that 's mostly because europe decided as a bloc to not do so : that 's a large collection of small countries that make up the bulk of the `` first world '' countries . 
  nothing wrong with that , but europe does n't set social norms for the rest of the world -- asserting that it 's `` proper '' because europe does it is simply an assertion of european social norms . 
  by population , the us and japan are comparatively large countries , and do permit the death penalty ... just less fragmented into many countries than europe . 
  my assumption is that the goal of the visa waiver program is to avoid having to approve individual travel needs -- if the necessary information 's available , there 's no need to then apply for a visa . 
   and as for the cost ? 
  it 's not a visa waiver . 
  it 's a fucking visa . 
  americans abroad should be subject to the strictest and most degrading procedures possible for their tourists to see how they like it . 
  < shrug  i would n't have a problem with providing that information if i wanted to travel to the uk . 
  just does n't seem like you 've been materially-harmed in any way . 
  i 've not traveled elsewhere , but why would n't most of that be required ? 
  i mean , in the us , there is no national identification number , and you 're not really supposed to give out your ssn ( though it does happen on a regular basis , since it 's the closest thing to a number ) , and that 's on there . 
  maybe if you come from some country where your id number is considered somewhat-not-public , i could see that being a concern . 
  i could maybe see leaving off employment information . 
  but surely everything else on there is required to know who you are , right ? 
  like , if you 've changed your name or country , that 'd link you . 
  city of birth would be another way to help avoid duplicates . 
  if you die in the country , the next-of-kin information would be required . 
  if the government has to reach you for some reason , they 'd want contact data . 
  there 's presumably processing costs associated with the form ; it 's economically-efficient to charge whatever it costs . 
  sure , it could be paid for via tax dollars , but that 's either creating an externality or you 're just having to pay the same amount on something tied to traveling in , like a fee on international air fare . 
  it 's not going to be free whether-or-not the charge is directly tied to it . 
  what here is treating people like `` shit '' ? 
  it 's clearly what he means , though . 
  even if the euro fails , which i doubt , that wo n't change the merits of trade . 
  my bet is that most voters do n't have any real way to get an idea of how those things affect them in dollar terms . 
  edit : pound terms, 
  if someone were acting normally and politely , i would n't would n't say something like `` east-euro toads '' , and their responses would n't sound nearly as appalled . 
  `` hell , no '' is unnecessarily strong . 
  the phrasing there is just designed to be caustic , to people feel as bad as possible . 
  it 's as if you asked someone for a bite of their ice cream and they said , `` no , what a disgusting idea , stay the * hell * away from my ice cream '' , instead of just `` no , sorry , i 'd rather have this one myself '' . 
  okay , thanks . 
  can you kinda explain how this works ? 
  i mean ... my understanding is that once someone is in the schengen borders , nobody will check any papers anyway , much less a visa . 
  i thought that in practice , all that mattered would be physically getting inside romanian , after which things are border-free . 
  if the issuing is an issue , would n't it be possible for romanian checkpoints to be brought down and just not extend to romania the ability to grant visa documents to non-citizens to the whole zone yet ? 
  i 'd think that that would address most of the issues that romanian citizens would have . 
  i guess i can see some of that . 
  this sub has swung right , but i remember when it was a lot more center-left , and people ( especially from a couple of countries ) had a really adversarial outlook on businesses . 
  i 've seen some of that in the us , but it 's a lot more muted , and it tends to more-directly deal with the size of the piece of the pie they got , like income inequality . 
  nationalization was n't a thing . 
  still , i do n't quite see a clear way in which those values translate into fewer startups . 
  and at least among some flairs here ( who may not be representative of their country 's population ) , views seem comparable to what i see in the us -- i do n't seem to see , say , estonians here opposed to businesses . 
  i dunno , i think that it 's an easy trap to fall into to say `` x 's values differ from mine , so that must be the problem . '', 
  i understand the difference in government . 
  i just do n't see how it would relate to hypothetical free movement . 
  the uk uses a parliamentary system , and france a presidential one , and those two are fine with free movement . 
  the schengen complaint does seem legit -- if someone is going to lay down criteria , it does seem pretty objectionable to then go back on it . 
  at the minimum , if the criteria is insufficient , it should be updated and the new stuff used .
