  i mean , the burkah is associated with islam , not particularly terrorism . 
  the us is n't asking germany to let said people in . 
  and there 's a pretty extended causal chain there . 
  the us attacks iraq . 
  government gets elected . 
  government asks the us to leave . 
  us leaves . 
  sans us support , rebels take significant swaths of iraq . 
  iraq asks for us air support in retaking chunks of country , which is being provided . 
  rebels support syrian expansion . 
  the initial invasion and government did n't result in that outflow . 
  the us was n't going to stay against the wishes of the democratically-elected government . 
  we are n't taking in tons of refugees . 
  when we have influxes in the past , we 've put people in detention facilities . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_detention_sites_in_the_united_states  the united states maintains the largest immigration detention infrastructure in the world , which by the end of fiscal year 2007 included 961 sites either directly owned by or under contract with the federal government , according to thefreedom of information act office of the ice ( ice ) . 
  during the period 2007-2009 , no less than 363 detention sites were used . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] if you 're going to adopt a generous citizenship policy , not detain people who illegally immigrate for years , continue to be wealthy , and so forth , you 're gon na get this every time there 's unrest somewhere in the poor parts of the world . 
  you can complain , since there will always be a chain of events with many actors leading up to this , but unless you change your policy , this will happen over and over and over . 
  you want to blame the us for that , you 're entitled to make the claim , but i for one do n't feel particularly responsible . 
  next time maybe it 'll be civil wars from ethnic conflicts , but you can be sure that unrest somewhere in the world will continue to be a reality . 
  you want your problem to end , you 're gon na have to clamp down on immigration . 
  and the us ca n't do that for you . 
  sorry , but that 's the reality of things . 
   maybe i would want us to fight if fellow european country gets attacked . 
  maybe for the us and canada even . 
  but do i feel the same way for turkey ? 
  frankly , no . 
  and i should have to pretend to , either . 
  giving russia carte blanche to isolate and beat up on turkey is probably not in european interests . 
   i mean there are appareantly us nuclear weapons in turkey . 
  the us will only tolerate so much from turkeys side . 
  i do n't understand what you 're getting at . 
  those were n't nato operation . 
  they did involve most nato members . 
  hmmm . 
  the `` it covers part of the debt '' point seems fair , but counting greece taking out 50b in additional loans as eliminating part of the haircut does n't . 
  i 've been fairly comfortable with wikipedia 's ability to produce a reasonable decision in disputes . 
  this is n't their first rodeo on dealing with political disputes . 
  well , the immediate post-world-war-ii era was the greatest extent of the influence of either in europe . 
  i 'd call the outcome pretty qualitatively different between west and east . 
  it 'd be great to see russia leaving occupied ukranian territory , i agree . 
   erdogan has demanded that lenders cut mortgage rates to an annual rate of about 9 percent from the market average of around 13.7 percent as he seeks to shore up the economy following the failed coup last month ... `` you wo n't lose money '' if you cut rates , erdogan told business groups in ankara on aug. 4 . 
  `` now is the time to do this and you can earn from the masses . '' i 'm hoping and assuming that this is just naked populism ( `` i must be seen fighting for what the people want ... send the television stations more footage of me informing the universe that the drought will end * now * '' ) and not economic illiteracy coupled with scared-for-their-own-skin advisors not willing to deny him anything during purges ( `` i 'm in charge , so i can make the lira worth whatever i want and print as many as i want . 
  the exchange rate is now ten dollars to one lira , and go produce me a couple trillion of them '' ) . 
  other way around . 
  propaganda is selected to be effective on the target audience . 
  i 'm talking about the [ 2011 haircuts ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/27/eurozone-crisis-banks-50-greece ) . 
   the only reason to read it is to better understand americans . 
  from a russian expat turned new york socialite writing fiction about an idealized world ? 
  i mean , her novels are okay , but they are n't what i 'd read to `` understand americans '' . 
  i liked * snow crash * . 
  * cryptonomicon * is very slow-moving . 
   it covered money owed before and after wwii and reduced west german debt by 50 percent ... that being said , greece did get a 50 % debt reduction ... 
  opportune time to be trading with ukraine . 
  statute of limitations . 
  i do n't know about swedish law , but under us law , i believe that only limits when the legal process is started . 
  i believe sweden has already done that , so it should n't be a factor . 
  edit : hmm , or maybe not . 
   assange was never formally charged with any offense in sweden , with investigators saying that they wanted to interrogate him first . 
  offers to conduct the interview from the embassy in london were refused . 
  edit3 :  the proceedings began in 2012 and on 12 august 2015 , swedish prosecutors announced that they would drop their investigation into three of the allegations against assange , because the statute of limitations had expired . 
  the investigation into the allegation of rape continues . 
  so it is relevant bit rape has a longer ( or no ) limitation in sweden . 
  by ` strict ' , i mean that they were tough on the people committing libel , made it easy to prove libel . 
  i think that we 're violently-agreeing . 
  eh , humans are n't made for an intuitive grasp of these things and media is n't going to talk down risk . 
  realistically , fighter jets are probably not a very cost-effective way to combat terrorism . 
  well , the method of protest is one that i think most countries would n't permit and i would n't support . 
  the complaint about taxes might be well-founded -- perhaps france should have less taxation ( and thus less government spending ) , but rouanet would have to convince the public of that . 
  the complaint about regulation might be well-founded . 
  i 've no idea what exactly he 's complaining about , but maybe france 's regulations guarantee standards on wine that the consumer is n't actually interested in . 
  if that 's the case , france should have every reason to relax them . 
  i do n't particularly see how property destruction , arson , and bombings get those policies changed , though . 
  ... you seriously created this account * just * to shitpost on this subreddit ? 
  probably not . 
  the question is whether you are better-off with federalism . 
  `` romanians are criminals . '', 
  aaaaannndd ... * it 's a hoax . 
  * romania actually proceeded to catch the people involved . 
  * it turns out that the newspaper was actually the one breaking the law . 
  * if any romanians were committing crimes it was in helping sky news to engage in libel and after sky news set it up . 
  got ta say , romania comes out of this smelling like roses . 
  good job , romania . 
  probably not criminal charges . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criminal_libel  the common law offences of seditious libel , defamatory libel , and obscene libel were abolished in england and wales and northern ireland on 12 january 2010 when section 73 of the coroners and justice act 2009 came into force , [ 6 ] blasphemous libel having already been abolished in england and wales on 8 july 2008 by the criminal justice and immigration act 2008 . 
  i suspect that there 's room for suing under civil law , though i 'm not sure who would file . 
  note that i view the uk 's libel reform as a good thing . 
  the uk has historically had fairly strict libel laws , too . 
  that was n't going to be long-term sustainable . 
  maybe she should have facilitated bringing people to london or started a larger retraining effort or something , but `` keep going the way things had been going '' with make-work mining was seriously hurting the uk . 
  if uk wages drop far enough , it will become profitable to do labor intensive manufacturing in the uk . 
  i think that the uk does n't want to go there , though . 
  so create independent oversight organizations that would have to collude for corruption in construction projects to go through . 
   in addition to their property market not being a massive balloon to suck the blood of the working class . 
  that is self-inflicted . 
  you want cheaper housing , you need to authorize developers to build more . 
  if your population is primarily worried about not letting real estate values fall because they have most of their net worth tied up on a leveraged bet that real estate values will not fall , then you need to address that by , for example , passing a country-level law permitting the national government to mandate authorizing more construction when average housing prices rise above a certain point . 
  ah , that 's what i was thinking of , not india . 
  still , note that ` marry ' is in quotes here -- this was a shame punishment , not a legit marriage . 
  actually , i agree with the antitrust stuff that i 've seen thus far .
