  that ban only passed with the sunset clause that expired . 
  well , they could be seen as defaults for laws rather than rights , i guess . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't think that it necessarily is . 
  for example , the uk has signed treaties where it agrees to do something . 
  the uk could then not do that and it would be okay from the uk 's internal standpoint , but it 'd suffer whatever consequences come with a treaty violation . 
  same thing with parliamentary sovereignty -- parliament could do something in violation of eu agreements , and nobody in the uk legal system might object , but the uk would suffer whatever consequences violating eu agreements brings . 
  i was looking at sweden 's constitution , and it has similar broad exceptions . 
  it was very strange from my perspective , but it 's clearly a part of a working system . 
  i 'd think that getting an education in the uk would be a way for students to improve english . 
  that 's a problem with a welfare state . 
  you do n't want someone from the outside coming in if they 're likely to draw from it . 
  you could have the eu assume all pension responsibilities , in which case you avoid issues with migration from state to state . 
  you lose local control over pension schemes , though . 
  and people still would not like people from outside the eu coming in . 
  is n't the objection to hollande that he put in place economic reforms that made france more competitive with the rest of the world ? 
  i mean , it seems like he 's getting unwarranted hate ... 
  i read some article not long ago that said that there 's a stigma attached to being a working mother in germany too ... that if a mother works , she 's not being a `` good mother '' , not looking after her children sufficiently . 
  i think the term was `` raven mother '' in german . 
  not sure if this is the article , but this bbc article seems to cover it . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-12703897 the article i read said that this was more prevalent in what was west germany , iirc . 
  if that 's true , that 's two countries with a low tfr and that stigma . 
  well ... it does cover ammunition and a broad range of standardization , but it does n't require members to use precisely the same weapons . 
  for example , we were talking the other day about how the french use the french-made famas . 
  romania does not . 
  nato provides for interoperability . 
  it does n't have nato specifying which brand is purchased . 
  this may be a separate exemption . 
  the eu has a mutual aid clause exemption for countries which have constitutional neutrality requirements -- they do not need to aid a fellow member that is attacked . 
  i was really surprised when i learned of it . 
  no , i mean setting the bar for the proportion of people in that group doing something low enough to just say `` that group as a whole is responsible '' . 
  for example , to me , saying that sunni islam as a whole is responsible for terrorism is like saying that white people as a whole are responsible for the actions of the netherlands , or to say that catholicism as a whole is responsible for violence in northern ireland . 
  many people have complained about juncker not being directly elected . 
  in the us , this was the original model for the president -- he was chosen by federal representatives of each state , and citizens had no direct say -- but over time , we migrated to something that looked more-or-less like a direct vote , partly via convention , partly via state constitution changes . 
  if the president of the eu were directly elected by the people in the eu , would that address your concerns ? 
  that 's a valuable perk . 
  same for nato -- it 's a very comforting guarantee . 
  on the other hand , it also limits what a state can do . 
  would you see this continuing into a single state model ? 
  states in the us are definitely not free to leave , though territories have been offered ( and given , albeit sometime slowly ) independence . 
  and finland and austria , right ? 
  i think that the issue is that being in the eea is presently disadvantageous in terms of losing one 's voice but still needing to comply with regulation . 
  i mean ... i would n't want to just hope that other countries would n't pass regulations that are economically-damaging to me if i have to conform to them . 
  maybe it 's possible to reform the eea in some way , if it 's in the eu 's interest to maintain an eea in the long term . 
  the other issue is the question of what benefits come from tighter integration . 
  i mean , if us states could opt out of the military , i 'd think that colorado would , because nobody can touch colorado without going through everyone else . 
  kinda like ireland -- it 's doubtful that the uk would let anyone who wanted to move in on ireland to do so . 
  what do you mean by ` foreign colonies ' ? 
  would you be willing to take part in a falklands war ii , for example ? 
  i guess that there 's also the multi-tiered model . 
  one unified state that 's a federation with some associated states in confederation . 
  like you guys have looser circles for the eea and efta today . 
  that 's basically `` extend the no ever-closer union '' option that the uk almost got to whoever wants it . 
  if your bar is that low , there 's no real reason to not just say `` all muslims '' and skip the sunni qualified . 
  or , hell , all humans . 
  people are n't coming with the intent to live in migrant camps . 
  the overwhelming majority of muslims are sunni , and they are n't joining isis . 
  puerto ricans are us citizens and can come and work on the mainland as they please . 
  like washington d.c. , though , it 's not a state , just a federally-controlled area . 
  residents there do n't have legislative representation in the federal government ( which is directly tied to statehood ) , so as long as someone resides in puerto rico , they do n't get to vote for us president and they do n't have representatives in the senate or in the house of representatives . 
  flip side is that they retain an option to leave the us if they want . 
  us states do n't get to leave . 
  puerto rico just held a referendum voting to start the transition to us statehood , so my guess is that next time the democrats are running things ( since it 'll mean a few more votes for the democrats ) , puerto rico will wind up a state and we 'll produce a new version of our country 's flag with more stars ... been a long time since we last did that . 
  the only us territory that i know of that has special restrictions on people is tiny [ american samoa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_samoa ) , which has only 54k people , who are n't us citizens :  people born in american samoa -- including those born on swains island -- are american nationals , [ 40 ] but are not american citizens unless one of their parents is a us citizen . 
  in an amicus curiae brief filed in federal court , samoan congressman faleomavaega supported the legal interpretation that the citizenship clause of the fourteenth amendment does not extend birthright citizenship to united states nationals born in unincorporated territories . 
  [ 41 ] us nationals have the right to reside in the us ( i.e. , the 50 states and district of columbia ) , and may apply for citizenship by naturalization after three months of residency by passing a test in english and civics , and by taking an oath of allegiance to the united states . 
  [ 42 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_nationality_law#nationals  non-citizen u.s. nationals may reside and work in the united states without restrictions , and may apply for citizenship under the same rules as resident aliens . 
  like resident aliens , they are not presently allowed by any u.s. state to vote in federal or state elections , although , as with resident aliens , there is no constitutional prohibition against their doing so . 
  there 's no real way to distinguish between people who are trying to smuggle illegal immigrants and say that they were unaware of them , and truckers who are actually unaware . 
  if there 's no penalty , it 's easy enough for people to take people illegally into to the uk . 
  that has to be disincentivized . 
  truckers are n't responsible for throwing migrants off their trucks . 
  but they are responsible for securing their vehicles and for not entering if the vehicle has been broken into . 
  my guess is that the expected route , if they know that they have had their truck broken into , is to stop in france and have the french police remove them . 
  ordinarily , migrants doing this would be breaking laws -- breaking-and-entering or whatever in french law prevents one from breaking into a vehicle -- and attempting to enter the uk illegally . 
  that would make them subject to jail time in both countries ... but neither country wants to be legally responsible for them , so neither country is jailing them . 
  it 's that lack of discincentive for * migrants * that is creating the problem . 
   russia , often lauded as a failed state russia 's not a failed state . 
  it 's got problems , and it 's presently in an economic arm-wrestling match at what i 'd call lousy odds . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/failed_state  a failed state is a political body that has disintegrated to a point where basic conditions and responsibilities of a sovereign government no longer function properly . 
  likewise , when a nation weakens and its standard of living declines , it introduces the possibility of governmental collapse . 
  the fund for peace characterizes a failed state as having the following characteristics :   * loss of control of its territory , or of the monopoly on the legitimate use of physical force therein  * erosion of legitimate authority to make collective decisions  * inability to provide public services  * inability to interact with other states as a full member of the international community none of those are true of russia . 
  hell , none of those are true of north korea . 
  edit : well , okay , i guess north korea ca n't provide some essential public services . 
  but ... point still stands . 
  no , i 'm pretty comfortable saying that i do , in fact , know things , and that humans in general also know things , for that everyday sense of `` know '' . 
  that 's a fair criticism , and if someone wanted to say that russia 's exercises are a concern on those grounds , i 'd agree . 
  now , wait a minute . 
  i agree with you as regards the whole `` nato is a threat and we need to go carve off some chunks of other countries to defend ourselves '' business . 
  i 'm not equating nato and russia here at all . 
  i agree that the attempts to portray nato as some sort of imperial power are pretty weak . 
  what i am saying is that no world power is going to ask russia to not conduct military exercises and expect russia to agree to that . 
  maybe they could be less-threatening , but you are n't going to get the us or the uk or france or whoever saying `` russia should accept no military exercises . '', 
  those exercises are part of maintaining military preparedness . 
  given that , complaining at russia for running military exercises is n't really a reasonable criticism . 
  you could complain about the nature of them , but it seems hard to complain about russia conducting exercises . 
   where there will be no real reaction until it is too late , if something does happen well , what do you want , concretely ? 
  russia invaded and took part of ukraine . 
  russia had sanctions slapped on her .
