  cent annually which gives a duplication in 22 y -- 3 m equal to the most sanguine of our calculations . 
  we are already about the 7th . 
  of the christian nations in population , but holding a higher place in substantial abilities . 
  if we can keep at peace for our time the next generation will have nothing to fear but from their own want of moderation in the use of their strength . 
  that red arrow is n't pointing at chukotka . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chukotka_autonomous_okrug attu island is as close as the us gets in the north : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/attu_island it 's something like a thousand miles away . 
  guam in the south http://www.distancefromto.net/distance-from-guam-to-japan, 
  well ... it does concentrate population . 
  might qualify . 
  i do think that / u/savannajeff is relying too heavily on equating it with world war ii . 
  these are n't death camps . 
  the us operates migration detention facilities , has for a long time , and we 're comfortable with those . 
  i could certainly see thinking `` hey , i do n't want this '' , but it does n't seem reasonable to treat it as outside the realm of discussion . 
   ms schmidt-nielsen said it was `` deeply undemocratic '' for a government to cherry-pick which foreign mps were allowed to visit nauru . 
  might be a bad idea , but i do n't see why it need be undemocratic . 
  not sure if you mean me or the us . 
  the us certainly does do so , yes . 
  me as well , though my views might not perfectly overlap ... 
  israel has annexed land , but as a result of being attacked and winning the resulting conflict . 
  i agree that israel has made some dubious claims about people leaving `` of their own will '' in the occupied territories , and probably did violate the geneva convention in doing so . 
  hawaii and the phillipines were both over a century ago ( and the phillippines were subsequently granted independence ) . 
  i doubt that either would happen in the post-geneva convention world . 
  hmm . 
  is unemployment worse now than it was back when italy hatband sustainable fertility rate ? 
  i ran back-of-the-napkin numbers a while back , and at this point cuba has lost more due to sanctions than they gained by seizing the assets taken . 
  that does n't make the people who lost property whole again , but it does make the next country that might say `` hey , i 've got a great idea -- let 's go seize assets '' think `` that probably is n't a good idea '' . 
  setting aside whether-or-not that was the case for the moment -- how would that support a claim that it 's subjective whether there was genocide underway in crimea ? 
  no , i would n't call us angels either -- but that 's also raising the bar quite a bit higher than inconsistently dealing with annexations . 
  hmm . 
  you mean stuff over a century ago , or recently ? 
  if the latter , what annexation that the us supported would you say was supported based on criteria that would permit the annexation of crimea ? 
  hmm . 
  we have many policies that try to discourage teen pregnancies . 
  does germany not ? 
  i resent that statement . 
   and you 're last ones in that deal anyway , so wait for your turn . 
  i do n't get your meaning ... you 're saying that russia will annex all of ukraine later ? 
  how so ? 
  your contention is that the us knew what vw was doing and intentionally ignored it so that it could open the way for more lawyers to file class action suits and for more fines to be imposed down the road ? 
   well , something other than trying to relocate migrants through mandatory quotas . 
  it 's not doable , it 's extremely unpopular in the east and it 's pointless as long as the outer borders are leaking . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you view it as a way to discourage migration ( `` i was going to get a right to work in berlin , but instead i got shipped to bulgaria , and i like working in bulgaria so much less that i would n't have tried to get into europe had i known '' ) , it might have effect . 
  i think that there are still major questions around : * people leaving assigned countries * willingness of eu members to take in people at the scale that this has grown to * what to do in the long run as eu members see economic convergence -- europe will need a long term strategy , and this can at best be a stopgap . 
  however , it 's not necessarily just a `` how can we spread the pain around '' approach . 
   with beautiful ... people insofar as that relates to sex , however , the article has :  one thing expats are not happy with in romania , however , is their love life . 
  romania ranks second-to-last , just ahead saudi arabia , on this indicator, 
  the us did n't have knowledge of or any way to do anything about vw 's defeat devices . 
  further , those autos are still on the road giving off emmissions and will have to be scrapped -- it 's an ongoing source of harm , and the only remedy for that hurts a lot of customers . 
  if the eu disagreed with the irish tax code , sitting on it for a decade and then invalidating irish tax law retroactively is a bit of a different story . 
  * crimea and donbas were not driven by stopping a genocide underway . 
  russia would simply like the land . 
  this is the big one . 
  * kosovo was not annexed . 
  i think that if kosovo were given to another european country that a lot of people would have probably taken issue with it . 
   we really do n't want another cold war with a country who can nuke all of us . 
  that 's a two-edged sword . 
  the same could be said of russia chopping off pieces of ukraine while a coalition involving three different countries with nuclear arsenals warns them not to do so . 
  russia decided that it was worth rolling the dice , and i think that engaging in a hot conflict had a much greater chance of escalation than economic pressure . 
  if putin were threatening use of nuclear weapons , we could revisit that , but i do n't think him doing so is very likely . 
  the same pressures about not wanting a nuclear war apply to him . 
  the ` car buyer ' thing sounds like what we 'd call `` shilling '' -- pretending to be a disinterested party and hoping to sway public opinion by doing so . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shill  a shill , also called a plant or a stooge , is a person who publicly helps or gives credibility to a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization . 
  shills can carry out their operations in the areas of media , journalism , marketing or other business areas . 
  a shill may also act to discredit opponents or critics of the person or organization in which they have a vested interest through character assassination or other means . 
    shill typically refers to someone who purposely gives onlookers the impression that they are an enthusiastic independent customer of a seller ( or marketer of ideas ) for whom they are secretly working . 
  the person or group who hires the shill is using crowd psychology to encourage other onlookers or audience members to purchase the goods or services ( or accept the ideas being marketed ) . 
  note that simply advocating for something is not shilling . 
  the us has an interest in discouraging annexations . 
  one potential problem is that this shifts losses disproportionately onto certain industries and countries . 
  that might be desirable in that it : * would be a way to internalize the potential for sanctions * would cause production to reallocate resources , useful for longer-term sanctions . 
  this would seem to argue against subsidizing the industries affected . 
  or it might be undesirable in that it : * produces an externality in that companies primarily-suffering losses may not be those who benefit from the change . 
  that is , polish apple farmers might specifically be hit by sanctions , but the us or eu as a whole benefit from having russia leave occupied ukraine without the potential costs of a military solution . 
  the latter would seem to argue for state support for the affected industries . 
  in this interpretation , this is a `` more cost-effective alternative to something that might touch off a nuclear war '' , and thus the taxpayer should fund it . 
  i 'm definitely conflicted , but kind of leaning toward subsidy , particularly if we would like to try for a near-term solution with tougher sanctions . 
  that would make the costs even more unpredictable for business , and we would n't want those apple trees felled in that case , since their production would be wanted . 
  edit : would folks extending downvotes mind explaining them in a reply ? 
  i 'm willing to believe that there is , say a well-accepted set of principles for when to subsidize industry and when not to do so during sanctions , but i do n't believe that the very raising of the question is so ridiculous that it should n't be asked or that everyone here knows that answer . 
  if you already know some sort of rule for when subsidies should apply , would you at least follow up with a pointer ? 
  if you 're just downvoting it because you want more sanctions on russia and i responded to a post advocating for them and so you want me to die in a fire , my comment is n't opposed to them : it 's talking about how they 'd best be implemented , were they to go through . 
  https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/tax-policy/treaties/documents/white-paper-state-aid.pdf  ** the commission 's approach is new and departs from prior eu case law and commission decisions . 
  ** the commission has advanced several previously unarticulated theories as to why its member states ' generally available tax rulings may constitute impermissible state aid in particular cases . 
  such a change in course , which has required the commission to second-guess member state income tax determinations , was an unforeseeable departure from the status quo . 
    ** the commission should not seek retroactive recoveries under its new approach . 
  ** the commission is seeking to recover amounts related to tax years prior to the announcement of this new approach -- in effect seeking retroactive recoveries . 
  because the commission 's approach departs from prior practice , it should not be applied retroactively . 
  indeed , it would be inconsistent with eu legal principles to do so . 
  moreover , imposing retroactive recoveries would undermine the g20 's efforts to improve tax certainty and set an undesirable precedent for tax authorities in other countries . 
    ** the commission 's new approach is inconsistent with international norms and undermines the international tax system ** . 
  the oecd transfer pricing guidelines ( `` oecd tp guidelines '' ) are widely used by tax authorities to ensure consistent application of the `` arm 's length principle , '' which generally governs transfer pricing determinations . 
  rather than adhere to the oecd tp guidelines , the commission asserts it is employing a different arm 's length principle that is derived from eu treaty law . 
  the commission 's actions undermine the international consensus on transfer pricing standards , call into question the ability of member states to honor their bilateral tax treaties , and undermine the progress made under the oecd/g20 base erosion and profit shifting ( `` beps '' ) project . 
  [ snip ]  in a january 15 , 2016 , letter to secretary lew , the chairman , ranking member , and other members of the u.s. senate committee on finance stated that the `` united states has a stake in these cases and has serious concerns about their fairness and potential impact on the u.s. fisc , '' and that `` these investigations raise serious questions about our ability to rely on bilateral tax treaties negotiated with eu member states . ''   in a subsequent letter on may 23 , 2016 , the senators added that their `` concerns are driven not only by the initial cases , but also by the precedent they will create and their long-term implications . '' i had n't read the us treasury 's position prior to this , but it looks pretty similar to my objection . 
  if companies ca n't trust the tax code of the country where they 're operating , that would create an issue in conducting international business -- and building such a lack of certainty into how international business works is something that one would want to oppose . 
   the eu was designed to minimize german influence because of the weighting against large countries in terms of representation ? 
  it 's slanted against france and the uk and similar to the same extent . 
   for the german leader , the bratislava summit marks the start of what promises to the arduous task of restoring confidence in an eu plagued by weak leadership and competing national agendas . 
  while even her critics say she is the only leader with the stature to tackle the bloc 's catalog of ills , they also complain that germany 's political and economic dominance is at the root of many of the eu 's problems .
