  i think that i 'd probably see someone writing an enthusiastic article in favor of anarchy , roll my eyes , and say `` not wasting my time on this article '' . 
  certainly there are pro-anarchy websites out there , but i do n't go read them . 
  there , it 's not that the material is unavailable , but that i just really do n't buy into them . 
   the media well , * segments * of the media are criticized by the media . 
  i 'm not sure how many chunks of `` the media '' can reasonably criticize `` the media '' as a whole , though . 
  you can find plenty of articles speaking critically about the media , and my guess is that members of the media do think about their own role , but : * it 's obviously going to hit issues of objectivity . 
  * when people start waxing on at length about their own particular group , i tend to feel like it runs the risk of collapsing into boring-to-everyone-else naval-gazing . 
   capitalism in general well , again , you kind of need to find some group of subscribers who reject capitalism . 
  alternatives to capitalism have n't had much of a good run -- i think that you 'll have a hard time digging them up . 
  there are things like wsws.org ( though i would n't be terribly surprised if some state funds that for its own reasons ) or various left-wing websites , but your average joe is n't super-interested in it , else it would be lucrative to go publish such a website and publication , and they 'd be really popular . 
  good place to sell ads and so forth . 
  no , i think that the real thing , humble as it is , that the internet and the expansion of the ability to mass-publish to everyone really turned up was that the traditional media had been undersupplying cat pictures , since that 's one of the largest differences between the two . 
  well , a `` minor '' [ refers to people who are at least eighteen , and higher in some countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_majority ) . 
  i would be willing to wager that the majority of the male population would be happy to have sex with a seventeen-year-old female , were there no legal restrictions . 
  yeah , there 's going to be some dropoff in sexual appeal with age , but i 'd also be confident that it does n't line up well with what society has chosen as being best for social policy . 
  in the united states , [ approximately half of seventeen-year-old females have had sex ] ( http://www.guttmacher.org/pubs/fb-atsrh.html ) . 
  that was n't because a whole lot of horrified guys resolutely set about an unpleasant task . 
   the freerider problem has no effect whatsoever . 
  if the eu as a whole produces a smaller military than would be in eu 's interests because ( a ) all members can not compel military spending and ( b ) all states are provided for by the military spending of some eu members , then there 's an effect showing up . 
   we already have our militaries , we will only have arguments over who is paying for what when we have a joint military , which we wo n't . 
  there is no country in europe ( well , okay , outside of iceland ) that does n't have a military , but that 's not a binary thing -- there 's a question of how effective that military is . 
   all eu members are signatory 's of the treaty of lisbon and thus subject to it 's terms , namely a mutual defense clause . 
  this is already agreed upon . 
  no disagreement , but my argument does n't rely upon this . 
   that 's a long term affect that has nothing to do with this scenario . 
  that 's the free-rider scenario that i was raising . 
  because of lisbon , all member states benefit . 
  lisbon did not establish that all member states would need to provide some amount of contribution , however . 
   yes it 's an issue , the eu has numerous such issues , tax havens for instance . 
  i 'm just not entirely sure why you are bringing them up . 
  because people have been talking about limited eu military effectiveness recently . 
  i 'm highlighting one possible cause , where the current eu structure creates a perverse incentive to provide less military effectiveness for the eu as a whole than would be optimal . 
  i mean that slovenia might establish that this is n't an eu norm . 
  i get the impression that there are some countries outside the eu who really do not care about same-sex marriage but care a lot about signaling that they are with the eu , so same-sex marriage acceptance plays an artificially-large role in what they do . 
  i 'm not sure that this is the best mechanism to use -- the fact that russian propaganda highlights it means that it 's probably unpopular and tends to discourage popular support for eu involvement . 
  the ground stops being frozen . 
  if you mean that there will be swampiness , at least in the short term -- for flat areas , you will lose the ability to drive over frozen ground in the winter , yes , but it 's also not as if russia would find it preferable for permafrost to extend through all of itself , even though it means that things can get muddy during part of the year . 
   under the treaty of lisbon , a mutual defence clause was created , which is a key element of the csdp . 
  right -- my argument is n't `` country x will refuse to become militarily-involved '' , but that `` country x may not be able to provide a viable military force because of the free-rider problem . '', 
   i 'm sure they 'd be picking up part of the bill if this scenario came to pass . 
  i mean that the eu today expects eu member states to be capable of defending other eu member states . 
  in particular , finland and sweden are non-nato members , and probably expect the eu alone to provide defense . 
   you ca n't not pay in the uk or france , so we have two competent modern militaries plus the other militaries of the eu ( some are large , some are not ) . 
  the free rider issue that exists would n't be one citizen of the uk free-riding off another , but some eu member states free-riding off others . 
   in this scenario we do n't need to merge our armies , just appoint a joint command . 
  agreed . 
  my point is just that the economic issue associated with military spending is an issue in-and-of itself , separate from the issues of coordinating forces or taking advantage of economy of scale in militaries ... and that issue was created at the time that the eu established mutual defense guarantees without also establishing minimum military contributions . 
  i suppose that nato has the same issue . 
  nato unsuccessfully attempted to retrospectively address it with gdp spending targets . 
   if not that , the military expenditure of the uk + france is around 45 $ billion higher than that of russia , so our conventional forces are better aswell . 
  that 's not even adding in the rest of the eu . 
  this assumes that the uk and france want to handle the eu 's defense themselves , which they may not . 
  defense spending is a classic example of the [ free rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) . 
  everyone in a country can benefit -- there 's no way to exclude someone from enjoying the security once it 's been purchased :  a common example of a free rider problem is defense spending . 
  no one person can be excluded from being defended by a state 's military forces , and thus free riders may refuse or avoid paying for being defended , even though they are still as well guarded as those who contribute to the state 's efforts . 
  this means that some people free ride and the good in question becomes under-provisioned -- where even though the whole would rather spend more , it does not do so . 
  if the eu nations are not comfortable merging their armies -- and i can understand that , as it is something of the ultimate step towards federalization -- it might make sense to ( a ) agree on mandatory minimum military spending and ( b ) establish minimum standards for the militaries , like `` be able to provide at least n functioning tanks within two weeks anywhere in the eu '' . 
   still , some allies argue even a small buildup could have the unintended consequence of making a conflict with russia more likely if mishaps or miscalculations by mr. putin accidentally trigger a wider clash . 
  what kind of miscalculation could manage that , attacking estonia ? 
  come on . 
  [ list of various eu country rules on forcible fingerprinting of migrants ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/networks/european_migration_network/reports/docs/ad-hoc-queries/border/588_emn_ahq_eurodac_fingerprinting_en.pdf ) . 
  that 's going to eventually make for some really odd pavlovian conditioning . 
  it might be a net positive for the eu to have [ signalling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/signalling_%28economics%29 ) for eu membership not be `` does someone support same-sex marriage '' . 
  the us is less-dense than europe . 
  google having a brand on something does n't cause that . 
  on the other hand , google might or might not not get state subsidies , and currently taxes wind up paying for some of the cost of some of europe 's internet access . 
  at the end of the day , though -- google fiber got a lot of visibility , but they only provide services to a few cities in the us . 
  they 've got a long way to go before they cover the us , * if * they want to do so , much less tromp over to europe . 
  also , i 'm not super-excited about having a first-rate data-mining company with access to all my internet traffic . 
   they should also spend their entire sentences in solitary confinement to stop them from spreading their ideology behind bars life in solitary is pretty rough , and because moving someone to solitary can be used as a stick by the prison system , it ties the hands of the prison in controlling prisoners . 
  i 'm not opposed to the use of capital punishment or life in solitary ( [ jesse pomeroy is one of the more extreme examples in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesse_pomeroy ) ) , but i think that perhaps people are too-willing to hand it out when available . 
  just because it 's there does n't mean that it should be doled out like candy . 
  saying `` someone will still be dangerous after 16 years and we need to be able to imprison them longer '' is different from `` we should give life in solitary '' . 
  got ta export to saudi arabia to compensate for the [ lost mexico exports ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-arms-maker-heckler-koch-illegally-exported-rifles-to-mexico/a-18437977 ) . 
  even if the rebels win and the resulting government is stable , how long is it going to take to become wealthy ? 
  japan and south korea and west germany did n't become well-to-do after war again overnight . 
  stability might mean that people in syria would lose the legal grounds for claiming asylum in the eu , but i think that there will be an economic incentive to come to the eu for a long time . 
  maybe the us turned those two down for some reason . 
  less than finland , certainly , but it avoids a divide-and-conquer approach . 
  [ the uk and some of the future us also banned christmas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christmas ) :  following the parliamentarian victory over charles i during the english civil war , england 's puritan rulers banned christmas in 1647 . 
  [ 59 ] [ 100 ] [ snip ]  in colonial america , the puritans of new england shared radical protestant disapproval of christmas . 
  celebration was outlawed in boston from 1659 to 1681 . 
  the ban by the pilgrims was revoked in 1681 by english governor sir edmund andros , however it was not until the mid-19th century that celebrating christmas became fashionable in the boston region . 
  russia would be a net beneficiary of global warming -- it has no reason to want to clamp down on carbon emissions . 
  hmm . 
  i think that a lot of people would be willing to cooperate in a policy that involves deporting people to some country outside of the eu . 
  that is , i 'm not sure that it 's so much disliking working together as it is that the policy that the eu chose for cooperation appears to be pretty generous to migrants . 
  framing of the question ? 
   people do n't read and know academically relevant feminists like nussbaum i was pretty unimpressed with nussbaum . 
  what i 've read from her on ethics was full of assertions without a lot of rigorous support . 
   under the new law , it will be very different : `` people will be taken from their beds with screaming children , without luggage , without any medication they might need , then they 'll be put into a car and driven away , '' jentsch told dw . 
  if you want functional mass deportations , you 're going to have to gather people up . 
  if you say `` show up to be deported '' , people are n't going to show up . 
  i personally think that it makes more sense to say `` show up to building x and either you get your asylum status or get deported right then '' . 
   does anyone actually believe in a fair referendum crimea would have voted differently ? 
  probably not . 
  do you believe that a state can be viable if arbitrary bits of it can spin off at will ? 
  because if so , anyone who does n't like your country can kneecap it by buying off people at critical bits . 
   well crimea should n't have been given to ukraine from the beginning . 
  if the concern is regions that contain ethnic groups , it 's worth pointing out that national boundaries all around europe do n't always line up with ethnic groups .
