  [ 2 ] the writings of romans such as livy ( c. 59 bc -- 17 ad ) are considered masterpieces of pro-roman propaganda . 
  yes , the specific details change , but in broad strokes , there 's nothing new here . 
  you 're the first / r/the _ donald user i 've seen in some time who only posts political advocacy stuff and does n't post some mix of pro-donald , video game , and football material . 
  exceptionally unpopular candidate coupled with a lack of effort to appeal to the center . 
  he 'd have to go from under-performing historic us candidates in approval to drastically out-performing them . 
  possible ? 
  sure , but not a good bet . 
  wikipedia says that they thought that it was [ heavy metal poisoning ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thallium ) , and were n't sure that it was radiation poisoning until after the alpha testing . 
  obviously , the symptoms would have been consistent with it , and that 's why they were off looking for radioactivity , but i 'm not so sure that they would have certainly found it . 
  after litvinenko 's assassination , [ some people went back to look at prior deaths , like arafat 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cause_of_yasser_arafat's_death#poisoning ) :  on 12 october 2013 , the british medical journal the lancet published a peer-reviewed article titled `` improving forensic investigation for polonium poisoning '' . 
  [ 1 ] in the article , a group of swiss doctors suggested that arafat could have died of polonium poisoning . 
  the team analysed 38 samples of arafat 's clothes and belongings and 37 reference samples which were known to be polonium-free . 
  several of the arafat samples were notably more radioactive than the controls , but not all . 
  the team believed that an autopsy could be useful in this case . 
  after testing arafat 's personal belongings and samples of his body fluids , the chief of the federal medical-biological agency of russia , vladimir uiba , concluded that polonium was not the cause of his death , i 'm no expert on medical forensics , but if it was worth the effort for investigators to go back and re-test for polonium for rather-more-high-profile figures like arafat , which would only make any sense if polonium use could have been missed , it does n't seem all that hard for me to believe that it would be possible for litvinenko 's polonium death to have been missed . 
  technically you 're exporting anti-corruption . 
  though the flags are n't really being displayed correctly ( i know , it 's a protest , not some official state action , not a big deal ) . 
  normally , you never fly one national flag over another . 
  [ this is codified in us federal law for the us flag ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/4/7 ) . 
  united states code 4.1 \u00a7 7 ( g )  when flags of two or more nations are displayed , they are to be flown from separate staffs of the same height . 
  the flags should be of approximately equal size . 
  international usage forbids the display of the flag of one nation above that of another nation in time of peace . 
  placing one flag above another normally means that what the lower flag symbolizes is subordinate , like a region of a country ; the us flag flown on top is disrespectful to romania and to the eu . 
  obviously , that was n't what the romanian protesting was intending to convey ... 
  reagan was also one of the very few presidents to improve popularity from entering office to leaving it . 
  we will , of course , see , but if trump plans to be the favored candidate , he 's probably going to have to do a whole lot of bridge-building between now and then , and he 's shown no signs of doing so in the past . 
   just like how hitler hated southern europeans but still worked with mussolini . 
  or could go on about aryan supremacy but could genocide the aryan romani . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porajmos  initially there was disagreement within the nazi circles about how to solve the `` gypsy question '' . 
  in late 1939 and early 1940 , hans frank , the general governor of occupied poland , refused to accept the 30,000 german and austrian roma which were to be deported to his territory . 
  heinrich himmler `` lobbied to save a handful of pure-blooded roma '' , whom he believed to be an ancient aryan people for his `` ethnic reservation '' , but was opposed by martin bormann , who favored deportation for all roma . 
  [ 16 ] the debate ended in 1942 when himmler signed the order to begin the mass deportations of roma to auschwitz concentration camp . 
  during operation reinhard ( 1941 -- 43 ) , an undetermined number of roma were killed in the extermination camps , such as treblinka . 
  well , he started out with a record-breaking unpopularity , and so he 'd need to do an outstanding job in winning over the center . 
  he 's shown no signs of doing that ; instead , his approval rating has been steadily dropping for the time that he 's been in office . 
  so unless he manages to pull a spectacular one-eighty and suddenly become very appealing to the electorate , i would n't give him very good odds . 
  impossible ? 
  no , but not very favorable . 
  what 's the point ? 
  if you wanted to be covert , that is n't going to be covert . 
  if you wanted to express displeasure , already happening via sanctions . 
  putting tanks on the border would probably ( a ) be very promptly be seen by russia 's intelligence as a bluff , because you pretty obviously do n't have an interest in annexing part of russia and ( b ) would make for a lovely propaganda showpiece for the mass consumption in russia . 
  if , somehow , russian intelligence actually thought that you * were * on the verge of invasion and it was n't a bluff , then you 've just put pressure on a country that has only really a nuclear response as any kind of military trump card to counter it . 
  [ in the 1960s , we spent about ten years where 24 hours a day , 365 days per year , we had one or more strategic bombers loaded with nuclear bombs always airborne and flying an inbound leg to the ussr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_chrome_dome ) . 
  if that did n't accomplish anything , it 's not clear what putting some tanks on the border would accomplish . 
  as for destabilizing russia -- do you * want * a destabilized russia ? 
  russia may not be the best of neighbors at the moment , but consider briefly what would happen if it actually wound up in a civil war , what the results for europe might be . 
  you want a collapse of russia 's ability to control its weaponry ? 
  there are a lot of people out there who would dearly love to engage in one vast and glorious act of terrorism with chemical or nuclear weapons . 
  if you do n't like surly war refugees ... well , let 's talk about surly war refugees on an epic scale . 
  how long would it take to rebuild the trade that was reduced after crimea ( and the other trade that exists ) between russia and the eu ? 
  you remember how a lot of people here complained that `` however bad gaddafi was , he was better than leaderless anarchy '' ? 
  consider seriously whether you 're committed to the prospect of having similar sentiment on a much larger scale . 
  i am no fan of putin . 
  but `` i do n't like it , so i 'm going to hit it harder '' is caveman-think . 
  you want russia 's government overthrown ? 
  [ the brits and us overthrew iran 's government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) in the 1950s . 
  i 'm sure that it sounded great in the short run . 
  was it advantageous in the long run ? 
  bitter feelings take a long time to die off ... 
  hmm . 
  maybe , but it seems like if that was the goal , one could manage to be * somewhat * more overt and still maintain plausible deniability . 
  also , while this was n't really your point , the polonium assassination [ almost went unnoticed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poisoning_of_alexander_litvinenko ) , and it was only because of luck and very extensive law enforcement work by the brits that permitted it to be uncovered :  on 3 november 2006 , litvinenko ( under the name of edwin carter ) was admitted for further investigation at barnet general hospital , london . 
  [ 16 ] after being moved from his local hospital in north london to university college hospital in central london for intensive care , his blood and urine samples were sent to the uk 's atomic weapons establishment ( awe ) for testing . 
  scientists at awe tested for radioactive poison using gamma spectroscopy . 
  no gamma rays were detected ; however , a small spike was noticed at an energy of 803 kilo-electron volts ( kev ) . 
  the bbc reported that by coincidence another scientist , who had worked on britain 's early atomic bomb programme decades before , happened to overhear a discussion about the small spike and recognised it as the gamma ray signal from polonium-210 , which was a critical component of early nuclear bombs . 
  on the evening of 22 november , shortly before his death , his doctors were informed the poison was likely to be polonium-210 . 
  further tests on a larger urine sample using spectroscopy designed to detect alpha radiation confirmed the result the following day . 
  [ 17 ]   unlike most common radiation sources , polonium-210 emits very little gamma radiation , but large amounts of alpha particles which do not penetrate even a sheet of paper or the epidermis of human skin , and is therefore invisible to normal radiation detectors . 
  this explained why tests conducted by doctors and scotland yard at the hospital with geiger counters were negative . 
  both gamma rays and alpha particles are classified as ionizing radiation which can cause radiation damage . 
  an alpha-emitting substance can cause significant damage only if ingested or inhaled , acting on living cells like a short-range weapon . 
  [ 18 ] hours before his death , litvinenko was tested for alpha-emitters using special equipment . 
  [ 18 ]   shortly after his death , the uk 's health protection agency ( hpa ) said tests had established that litvinenko had significant amounts of the radionuclide polonium-210 ( 210po ) in his body . 
  british and us government officials said the use of 210po as a poison had never been documented before , and it was probably the first time anyone had been tested for the presence of 210po in their body . 
  that 's not exactly what you 'd do if you were wanting to make it really flagrant that you killed someone to deter others . 
  that 's what you 'd do if you wanted someone in another country to keel over and die without a cause being identified . 
   easier manner - like plutonium ? 
  [ it was polonium , not plutonium ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/poisoning_of_alexander_litvinenko ) . 
  both toxic , both radioactive , similar-sounding name , but ... 
  there 's no legal basis for treating them as an exception ; certainly great britain would not have seen him as such ( or it would have made arrangements to make him difficult to find ) . 
  the us is n't blithely unaware as to risks on this point , and gave defectors new identities and provided them with anonymity -- [ here 's a declassified cia report from the 1960s covering the possibility of the soviet union being willing to assassinate defectors on us soil ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/kent-csi/vol19no3/html/v19i3a01p_0001.htm ) that i read some time back . 
  however , it 's also not something that would have been considered the norm , and both the us and ussr refrained from knocking off people on each other 's territory through the cold war , even though surely both would have had a short-term interest in whacking people and the ability to do so . 
  with the exception of [ georgi markov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgi_markov ) , nobody that i 'm aware of was killed by the kgb for the entire cold war on british soil , and nobody on us soil . 
  that 's despite no shortage of people who i 'm sure it would have been seen as desirable to be dead . 
  it 's not clear to me why a `` we do n't piss on your territory '' policy that politicians saw as suitable for almost the entirety of the cold war would change afterwards . 
  i think that it 's a combination of : * assassinations of national leaders in particular are perhaps less-effective at producing any political change than one might think , since any leader likely has allied people in successor positions . 
  * just as with russia , starting to swap assassinations is not advantageous to the us ; it does n't well-leverage us strengths . 
  realistically , someone working with nation-state resources that wanted to kill a president could do so ; we 'd necessarily rely on retaliation to deter this , not prevention . 
  * if you 're in power , you have a lot to lose from assassination becoming the norm , so it 's not normally something that you 'd find world leaders becoming enthusiastic about . 
  i do n't think that it 's because anyone is so well-protected that they could n't be killed . 
  saddam was executed after a trial in iraq . 
  gaddafi was killed by libyans . 
  you probably want someone like osama bin laden being killed by the [ naval special warfare development group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seal_team_six ) . 
  at that point , the isi either was n't able to track him down or had elements that were actively shielding him , and while national leadership may have been onboard with him being killed , it 's not clear that pakistan 's intelligence infrastructure was . 
   and ? 
  and if russia ignores countries placing someone under their protection , they lose the currency they have for expecting other countries to not kill people on russian soil that would be convenient for other countries to have dead . 
  this would probably be an unwise exchange for russia , which is at least as vulnerable as other countries to assassinations . 
  russia 's strengths are in energy , some conventional military , and especially nuclear weapons .
