  if so , it hardly seems like there 's call for attacking either . 
  maybe policy will need to change or a different tack be made use of in going after terrorism , but it serves nobody to simply lash out at an arbitrary person over tragedies . 
  hmm . 
  berlusconi has been compared to trump , and italy uses proportional representation instead of first-past-the-post . 
  in fact ... when was the last time that the uk * did * have a populist , isolationist , nationalist sort of figure running it ? 
  well , technically they did leave the truck market when we slapped the [ chicken tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tax ) on them . 
  i am kinda hoping that ttip results in the repeal of that ... 
   others debate whether the eu should now become more political well , i think that there 's a strong argument that it should pay more attention to politics in terms of keeping an eye on and burnishing its image in individual members , if nothing else -- i think that brexit is a good argument on that point . 
   plus it 's less likely here to get a trump like loon into power . 
  why is that ? 
  going from memory , minnesota would be lutheran , iirc germans and swedes who came over . 
  the point is n't to find fundamentalists , but people for whom religion plays more of a role in daily life . 
  if you go to rural areas , even up there , you 've got better odds of finding churchgoers than in , say , san francisco . 
  i think that it 's because ( successful ) religion spent a long time evolving to the environment that most people lived in -- which was rural . 
  church was a chance to get everyone together from separated farms once a week and see each other , a way to provide a social network to take care of people , a priest/pastor to act as a sort of community leader , and so forth . 
  [ urbanization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization ) is relatively new in the world -- a hundred years ago , most people in the us and most other countries lived in rural areas :  in england the proportion of the population living in cities jumped from 17 % in 1801 to 72 % in 1891 ( for other countries the figure was : 37 % in france , 41 % in prussia and 28 % in the united states ) . 
  lol , had n't seen that . 
  yeah , but `` reports say the larches were planted in 1938 . '', 
  -- was talking about present-day . 
  what ? 
  godwin 's law does n't say anything about what hitler coming up in the conversation * means * , just that it does . 
  okay , my bet is soft brexit , then . 
  yeah . 
  probably even bigger ones out there if one does a proper google images search , but the point was made -- germany and company tend not to go in for football field or mountain-sized flags . 
  jeez , that 's critical . 
  * the polish government , obsequious towards george w. bush * anglo-american imperialism * russia governed by vladimir putin is an undemocratic , intolerant , nationalistic , internally authoritarian and externally imperialist regime . 
  its economic policy is a deadly combination of cleptocracy and neoliberalism in the most callous form . 
  it is economically and politically oppressive towards its own residents . 
  * from a global perspective , we may argue that the imperialism of the nato countries does much more harm to the world than the imperialism of russia . 
  the us has a very limited set of laws that do apply on foreign soil . 
  one example is for sex tourism involving children : https://www.justice.gov/criminal-ceos/citizens-guide-us-federal-law-extraterritorial-sexual-exploitation-children  federal law provides `` extraterritorial jurisdiction '' over certain sex offenses against children . 
  extraterritorial jurisdiction is the legal authority of the united states to prosecute criminal conduct that took place outside its borders . 
    section 2423 ( c ) of title 18 , united states code , prohibits united states citizens or legal permanent residents from traveling from the united states to a foreign country , and while there , raping or sexually molesting a child or paying a child for sex . 
  citizens can be punished under this law even if the conduct they engaged in was legal in the country where it occurred . 
  for example , if an individual traveled to a country that had legalized prostitution , and while they were there they paid a child for sex , that individual could still be convicted under this statute . 
  the penalty for this provision is up to 30 years in prison . 
    section 2423 ( b ) of title 18 , united states code , is a similar provision . 
  section 2423 ( b ) makes it a crime for united states citizens or legal permanent residents to travel from the united states to a foreign country with the intent to engage in illegal sexual conduct with a child such as rape , molestation , or prostitution . 
  the difference between section 2423 ( b ) and section 2423 ( c ) is that section 2423 ( b ) statute requires proof that the defendant had formed his criminal intent at the time he began to travel . 
  the penalty for this offense is also up to 30 years in prison . 
  finally , section 2423 ( d ) makes it a crime to be what is known informally as being a `` child sex tour operator . '' this statute makes it an offense to profit by facilitating the travel of u.s. citizens or legal permanent residents , knowing that they are traveling for the purpose of engaging in illegal sex with a minor . 
  the penalty for this offense is up to 30 years in prison . 
    there are also some child pornography laws that apply to conduct overseas . 
  sections 2251 ( c ) and 2260 ( a ) of title 18 , united states code both make it a crime for anyone to produce child pornography in foreign countries if they import the child abuse images into the united states , or if they intend to do so . 
  the penalty for a first time offender under these statutes is at least 15 years , up to a maximum of 30 years in prison . 
    finally , 18 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 1596 grants extraterritorial jurisdiction over 18 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 1591 ( sex trafficking of children or by force , fraud , or coercion ) . 
  in this instance , this means that federal prosecutors can investigate and prosecute foreign nationals who commit sex trafficking crimes against children outside the united states . 
  section 1596 also allows the federal government to investigate and prosecute u.s. nationals and residents who commit child sex trafficking crimes in foreign countries ( for more information on 18 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 1591 , seecitizen 's guide to u.s. federal law on the prostitution of children ) . 
    for all of these statutes , a child is considered to be anyone under the age of 18 . 
  hehe . 
   british residency is up for sale . 
  `` investor visas '' can be purchased , starting at # 1 million ( $ 1.6 million ) ffs , other countries do this as well -- both canada and the us , i know . 
  hmm . 
  searching google news , i do n't find any sources for this . 
  there 's no realistic threat and it 's be kind of an insulting implication . 
  criticism of erdogan turkey 's political processes , on the other hand , are fair game . 
  more irish in the us than ireland . 
  even in the us , this is an outgrowth of politics of victimhood . 
  you think euro coins are annoying in a wallet , try an irate camel . 
  as lawgivers go , he 's probably one of the more impressive ones . 
  technically , [ it 's disrespectful to use it as clothing ] ( http://www.usflag.org/flagetiquette.html ) , but it 's quite popular to use it without that intent , so ... 
  i once got into a contest on here with a turk about who could find the image with the biggest flag , us or turkey . 
  he eventually won , but he was also counting an entire hill with the flag of northern cyprus , which is * kind * of cheating . 
  he kinda runs the gamut : http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/globalresearch, 
  well , it does n't like anything western , but the guy does n't seem serbian : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/michel_chossudovsky, 
  * people are n't starving . 
  * you can provide demand-side subsidies , like food stamps , and they 're harder to abuse . 
  it has worked quite well for us and i think that people in europe could similarly benefit . 
  while i agree that this is a reasonable part of culture , it 's also easy to overlook the point that the main context the phrase has been visible in the west is in association with terrorism . 
  honestly , the jokes here are in rather bad taste . 
  globalresearch.ca is a pretty sketchy source . 
  i assume that you 're talking about isis . 
  i think that you and i already went over this -- there 's a causal chain , but it 's a pretty long one . 
  the us overthrew saddam . 
  iraq then held elections . 
  the elections resulted in a government that after a few years asked the us to leave . 
  were the us to stay , it 'd be occupying a country against the legitimately-elected government 's interests . 
  the us left . 
  there was later an uprising which severely destabilized the government . 
  afterwards , the success there encouraged a broader uprising . 
  now , was the initial decision to move in a net benefit ? 
  but that 's pretty far removed from the uprising . 
  the us did perform some training of the iraqi military , and you could argue that maybe it did an incomplete job . 
  it also provided military hardware , and perhaps you could say that that was insufficient , though as i recall , the main issue was the lack of effective resistance from new iraqi soldiers . 
  i 'd say that it was the responsibility of the iraqi government to deal with political loyalty . 
  i think that following the will of the iraqi government was the right one , and since then we 've been asked to provide some military support and have done so . 
  i 've seen a long of your comments on here recently , and they seem to be very upset -- either angry with the us or flagellating yourself and other brits . 
  i do n't know what the deal is -- whether you 're upset about brexit or what . 
  but i do n't think that either the us or the uk deserve a large chunk of the complaints you 've put out . 
  first , you 're about ten miles deep into speculation . 
  you 're assuming that this continues to escalate , which i would say is quite unlikely . 
  it 's not clear that gulen had a part in orchestrating a coup . 
  if he did , and if turkey can provide firm evidence of this , he may be handed over . 
  regardless of whether he did , if erdogan is removing gulen 's supporters from power , he 's neutered anyway -- he 's only relevant to erdogan as a threat to power . 
  if it does , it 's not clear that turkey will wind up out of nato . 
  it 'd take one hell of a kerplosion to reach that point . 
  if turkey does , it 's not clear that there are n't alternative ways , like fancy ocean sensor networks , to achieve the same concerns .
