  on the flip side , napoleon was n't a messiah either and he * was * the aggressor . 
  come now , it 's clear that / u/txapollo342 's penetrating analysis has cut deep to the heart of our vast organization !, 
  from the publications and journals of europe , we had long defended ourselves ... but there are some opponents against which our efforts can avail us nothing , and it is clearly all at an end . 
  the time for secrecy is past , and the time for basking in -- however grudging -- admiration and raking in karma has arrived . 
   or you simply finance it , the good old soft power way . 
  oh , come now ... that 's but one tool in a great toolbox !, 
  you do n't think that european politicians would keep quiet about the * quid pro quo * we 'd arranged so easily , did you ? 
  no , no ... and some of them require * damned * extensive specialist efforts to control . 
  i remember berlusconi leaving agent papaya blossom in tears many a night . 
   anyway , that was a valiant gigantic effort at building a strawman just to discredit me in an idiotically ridiculous way oh , it 's no great effort . 
  after all , as agent swift eagle , tasked with monitoring reddit , it 's merely doing my job . 
   if it was n't clear cut to anyone that eu is a us puppet project and not at all autonomous and kumbaya rosy , by this point in time it should be clear as day . 
  and believe me , establishing the eu as a us puppet was a * damned * difficult project , and it 's satisfying to see that work finally getting the sort of respect it deserves . 
  * first * we had to seize control of the leadership of every member * government * in the eu to make sure that the appropriate representatives were sent to the ec -- that 's no joke , because it 's the majority of the developed countries in the world . 
  keeping it silent is even worse . 
  and you think that it 's hard in a one - or two-party state ... god , compromising organizations like syriza that ran member governments was absolutely bonkers . 
  in retrospect , should have never set up the eu with member states having a * veto * -- then we just would have needed to have secretly seized control of a majority of member state governments . 
  * then * once the ec was compromised , there was the problem of the european parliament . 
  as an elected body , that was quite a bitch to handle . 
  that required rigging the voting mechanisms in all eu members , as well as buying off the auditing organizations for same and silencing investigative media who might have stumbled across it . 
  i particularly think that clever moves like arranging to have the french government go into tirades about nato for decades on end ( another us puppet ) was a particularly clever move . 
  then we had to set up bogus efforts like opposition to ttip to soak up malcontents and dissent . 
  and , of course , the political cost of any of this , even a * bit * , getting out would be catastrophic , so there had to be an absolutely vast jump between the incompetent conspiracies in iran-contra or watergate and this thousands-of-people-involved , multi-decade arrangement . 
  and while it does sadden me a bit that you 've managed to see through this and expose it , thus putting it at an end ... now i know that i can lean back and say `` not * only * did we land on the moon , but * also * secretly ran the eu governmental system for decades on end '' . 
  < doubtful  do you have any sort of a source on that ? 
  i 'd think that the concerns would be a lot lot more complicated and would be less tied up with the us than that . 
  looking online , it looks like the countries that are enthusiastic tend to be in favor of eu integration and to have relatively-weak militaries ( e.g. 
  germany ) and the countries that are unenthusiastic tend to have relatively-strong militaries ( e.g. 
  france , uk ) . 
  ya , and i have to guess to some degree , since i do n't know what has visibility . 
  some of the things i listed are a bit tech-industry specific ( e.g. 
  o'reilly is a major publisher of technology books ) or defense-contractor specific ( i.e. 
  they sell to countries around the world , and * i * know them , but may not have major consumer visibility ) . 
  there are probably some things that people know about that i * do n't * know ( e.g. 
  i do n't really know which us franchises have international outlets , so i have to choose major ones ) . 
  if i were german or french or whatever , i 'd probably be in the same boat -- i doubt that a german would know that i 'm familiar with faber-castell or a frenchman with bic , since they are n't the sort of company where it would be immediately-obvious that it exports to the us . 
  schlumberger is a large european company , but i bet that a lot of people in the us do n't know its name , because it does n't sell directly to consumers . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that , given sufficient time and a `` do you know this one ? 
  '' , i could probably find 300 us companies ( or brands , at any rate -- like i said , i 'm pretty sure that most people , like myself , have no idea which brand gets acquired by what in a particular year ) that would be generally-recognizable in europe . 
    nyse   why would you count that one in ? 
  why not ? 
  i mean , it 's a us-based company that is well-known and provides services to investors in europe . 
  diebold , evernote , hormel ( or at least its spam brand ) , fossil , mcafee , netscape ( okay , owned by aol and thence time-warner-something-or-other ) , newegg ( okay , probably a bit of a technology bias there ) , o'reilly media ( again , technology bias ) , harley-davidson , kitchenaid , lexmark , a ton of brands owned by kellogg , zippo , leatherman , slinky , maybe spyderco and buck ( i dunno how visible pocket knives are in various countries ) , western digital ( technology bias , admittedly ) , playboy , possibly some music instrument manufacturers like fender and moog ( though i 've no idea how much visibility those have to the general public ) . 
  vimeo , digg , verisign ( okay , this may be a technology bias on my part ... i 've no idea how visible verisign is even to the us general public , no matter how much they use their services ) , wall street journal , new york times , bloomberg , etsy , cafepress , wired , deviantart , netflix , mapquest . 
  bose , broadcom , dolby labs , hershey , honeywell , kodak , silicon graphics ( nee rackable nee silicon graphics ) , koss . 
  a huge number of companies that have been gathered under one banner -- there are huge us media conglomerates that own a ton of brands , like industrial light and magic , that i keep finding are owned by one of the things i 've already listed . 
  national geographic , lockheed martin , oshkosh , massachusetts institute of technology , stanford , harvard , yale , cornell , princeton , heckler & koch , cessna , bell helicopter , dreamworks , metro-goldwyn-mayer studios inc ( you know , the studio with the roaring lion ), 
  arby 's ben and jerry 's burger king , carl 's jr , dairy queen , dunkin' doughnuts , kfc , krispy kreme , mcdonald 's pizza hut , starbucks , subway , taco bell , victoria 's secret , fruit of the loom , exxon mobil , valero , chevron , vanguard , fidelity , j.p. morgan , bank of america , citigroup , wells fargo , goldman sachs , morgan stanley , nasdaq , new york stock exchange , budweiser ( well , okay , a brand rather than a company , but that 's actually what was being listed here ) , coors , pabst , pepsi , coca-cola , apple computer , hewlett-packard , dell , texas instruments , ibm , microsoft , reddit , google , amazon , youtube , facebook , twitter , linkedin , instagram , ebay , paypal , ford , general motors , monstanto , dow chemical , johnson & johnson , 3m , boeing , caterpillar , cisco , dupont , intel , amd , general electric , merck , nike , pfizer , proctor & gamble , wal-mart , disney , blizzard entertainment , valve , adobe systems , akamai , citrix , kraft-heinz , mattel , qualcomm , seagate technology , tesla motors , spacex , symantec , cnn , cbs , time-warner , twenty-first century fox , dow corning , chrysler ( well , i guess now that 's owned by fiat ) , oracle , novell , xerox , levi strauss , goodyear , rockstar games , electronic arts , marlboro ( okay , altria , but the brand ... ) ... i dunno , what 's that up to ? 
  i mean , there [ seems to be a substantial collection of export brands out there ] ( http://www.estonianexport.ee/?page=klass&amp;lang=eng ) ... 
   remember not until recently it was not uncommon for mobs to break into american jails , to drag black people out and hang them with the police unable to do anything against it . 
  ... while i must say that this * does * seem a bit like an unrelated `` and you are lynching negroes '' diversion , sure , we can cover that too . 
  prisoners or otherwise ( certainly , prisoners would be a small subset of same ) . 
  the last surge of violence was about a hundred and twenty years ago , during the 1890s , during the jim crow era , when a total of about 120 people were killed in lynchings nationwide a year over the decade . 
  i doubt that any substantial chunk of those were prisoners . 
   it 's just a fact of live that if a good % of a community is bend to do something , there is little the police can do against it short of starting to shoot . 
  then i must say that were that standard to hold , you must be terribly-concerned about the prospect of looting , since if even ten or twenty people were to choose to loot stores , it seems that the police force in that region of france would be paralyzed by that standard . 
  certainly the world does not actually generally seem to have that problem , whether it 's rioters in london or the police arresting 3000 rioters in the paris banlieues . 
   sure , but apart from the lack of political will , that is not as easy as it sounds either and is not easily proven . 
  fortuitously , [ french police now carry cameras ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20140818-france-orders-thousands-cameras-be-worn-police-cctv ) , making it easy to prove involvement . 
   french law does not know principal witness regulation and thus such deals ca n't be made . 
  fair enough . 
  that might be a useful innovation to introduce . 
  declaring martial law is usually a safe choice , though in iceland 's case there is n't really a military , so i 'm not actually sure whether that would do anything . 
  were that to hypothetically happen , first , i would say that there 's a serious issue with the ability of the french police to maintain law and order in france . 
  but let 's go with it . 
  then you have footage of the gentlemen in question interfering with an arrest . 
  in the united states , that 's typically a felony , and i imagine that it is in france as well . 
  you identify them , stop by their house later , and jail them . 
  you may offer reduced sentences to anyone that you arrest as a potential incentive to assist in identifying other people involved . 
  i 'm not saying that that would n't work , but this is n't somalia . 
  france is one of the most-developed countries in the world . 
  you should not need to * smuggle * shipments of goods through france . 
  tell them to stop destroying the shipment and if they do n't , start arresting people ? 
  are farm workers going to start attacking french cops ? 
  how does that game the system ? 
  then you 're just over-insuring something of little value . 
  sure , when your unlucky 1 % shipment gets trashed , you make money ... but you lose more money on the 99 % of shipments that do get through . 
  it 's irrelevant to an insurer 's profitability whether-or-not the product getting through is worth anything connected to what you insured the thing for . 
  if i want to , i can insure a stick of bubblegum in the mail for $ 1m . 
  the insurer will just run the numbers on loss , charge me a fee that means that they statistically come out ahead , and let it run . 
   what is being talked about is the ukraine and the us not handing over radar data to the netherlands . 
  the extent of military radar coverage of ukraine would be kind of a sensitive matter , given that there 's an active conflict with russia going on in southern and eastern ukraine . 
  they seem to be asking for raw data . 
  malaysia 's military was really reluctant to release even data * derived * from military radars to the public in the case of mh370 , where there was a real return ( finding the plane before the pinger 's batteries expired ) and no conflict in the area . 
  french insurers are n't ( hopefully ) subsidized by the french state . 
  even if you could somehow game french insurers , it does nothing to make people trashing the things stop . 
  furthermore , unless french insurers are incompetent ... they 're in the business of estimating your risk , and they 're going to make winning bets . 
  they 're under no obligation to underestimate risk in shipping through france . 
  if people trash 1 % of shipments on average , they 're going to charge accordingly . 
  a spanish vendor has no special data that a french insurer does n't have on whether-or-not a given shipment will be trashed . 
  [ that 's got ta be an under-performing agricultural sector , then ] ( http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/publications/2012/online_resources/highlights/farm_economics/ ) :  in 2012 , u.s. farms sold nearly $ 395 billion in agricultural products . 
  http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/french-foreign-policy/economic-diplomacy-foreign-trade/facts-about-france/one-figure-one-fact/article/france-europe-s-leading  with a base price value of $ 70.4 billion in 2011 , french agricultural production is the leader in europe . 
  somewhere , french agriculture ai n't performing at a competitive level . 
  http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/french-farmers-protest-illustrates-their-declining-competitiveness/  french farmers ' protest illustrates their declining competitiveness   following the french blockade of german and spanish lorries to stop foreign food products entering the country , stephen booth argues that french farmers should be asking themselves why french agriculture has singularly failed to respond to new competition following eu enlargement to the east in 2004 and 2007 . 
  [ snip ]  however , as the chart above shows , they have n't lost out to spanish or german farmers but to the new member states in central and eastern europe ( the a10 member states ) that joined in 2004 and 2007 . 
  these countries ' share of exports within the single market has increased by over 80 % since 2005 . 
  but , whereas spain and germany 's agricultural industry has managed to remain competitive in the face of lower labour costs in the countries to the east , france 's has singularly failed to do so . 
    this is despite -- or possibly because of -- france 's status as the single largest recipient of cap funding ; $ 62.8 bn over the current 2014-2020 eu budget . 
  some farm workers are gon na have to switch industries ( or settle for a pretty low standard of living ) , or france 's agricultural sector is going to have to become radically more-productive . 
  trashing spanish wine trucks is n't going to change that .
