  i am not aware of tremendous efforts in the german-speaking world to try to establish german as the norm in the eu , though i guess it 'd make as least as much sense as french . 
  32 % of the eu 's population can speak german . 
  after that , there are some state languages in india -- arguments for would be similar to hindi and probably less-compelling . 
  japanese , which suffers to some extent from the same `` written language is split from spoken '' technical issue that i 'd have with chinese , and even less-compelling options . 
  the only european languages among the other top world languages are italian ( spoken by 16 % of the eu 's population ) and turkish ( 1 % of the eu 's population ) . 
  the arguments for these would seem to be similar to those for french or german , but not as strong . 
  of the be fragmented , develop ai translation , or unify options , i think that the unify one is probably the most-worthwhile . 
  of the language options , i 'd call english probably the most-compelling . 
   it saw a parallel between the disintegrating , clapped-out ussr and the folly of a new federal entity , designed in brussels . 
  it loved america , and nato . 
  it wanted a world of liberal nation states . 
  thatcher was in office to see the berlin wall come down . 
  * i * like america a great deal . 
  i think that nato is a good idea . 
  i want a world of liberal countries too . 
  but i fail to see why the eu is more like the ussr than the us , or what is inherently illiberal about it . 
   hannan 's chosen brexit would be rather soft , by current standards : something along swiss lines , with opt-ins for various sectors to the regulations of the single market . 
  he believes that compromise on free movement is possible , and that the swiss government was making progress on the subject until talks were shut down before the british referendum . 
  that 's a hell of a gamble . 
  and i 'm not seeing why someone who likes the free market would dislike the flow of labor in a larger bloc and a more-restricted labor market . 
   `` i fight death and the devil . '', 
  what an apropos image caption , given that `` nothing is certain but death and taxes '' . 
  how the hell is france running a wealth tax in a single market with bordering neighbors who do n't ? 
  why not just live right across the border ? 
   how is adopting your language modernising exactly ? 
  it 's not . 
  it 's * modernizing * . 
  you scots sure are a contentious people . 
   she said negotiations on a china-eu trade deal had been very difficult and had not led to a deal . 
  `` we feel we would be able to agree on one because it 's easier as an individual country rather than as the big bloc to keep everybody happy . '', 
  that republic-of-ireland-to-northern-ireland border is gon na be interesting . 
  gobs of major economies on each side , otherwise cut off from each other , and the existence of any practical barrier one strongly opposed by the people living on each side . 
  i suspect that most applying for irish passports did not vote leave . 
  many people seek to gain a us passport because of the job opportunities it offers . 
  before that , many people joined the us because it was a way out of their country in europe , which might have seen war , religious conflict , and in ireland 's case , famine . 
  i realize that the republic of ireland was created within living memory , and that the idea of lessening its meaning is a political concern . 
  but ... when ireland chose to become a member of a union with freedom of movement , that was also part of what she chose . 
  a route forward that would blur lines and blend peoples . 
  there will be an irish diaspora and immigration to ireland at a much greater case than would otherwise have happened . 
  the people who are getting roi citizenship today are doing so not merely because they happened by accident of birth to be citizens , as most are , but because they intentionally chose that same route . 
  further , assuming that brexit goes forward , ireland will be the largest english-speaking eu member . 
  it will probably begin to take up some of that immigration that the uk avoided by choosing a different path . 
  it wo n't merely be britons , but anyone who wants to live and work in an english-speaking environment in the eu . 
  that 's change , no doubt . 
  but is it a bad change ? 
  london is a symbol of britain , but it is also one of the world 's cities . 
  going forward , will dublin grow toward a similar role ? 
  maybe . 
  well , and canada . 
  to be fair , if turkey , azerbaijan , the eu and the us were willing to pay for replacement , i suspect that armenia would be fine with it . 
  probably kind of expensive to do so , though . 
  [ dutch like it 's 1600 all over again !, 
  ] ( http://www.artelino.com/articles/dutch_nagasaki.asp ), 
  i mean , you kinda do that in a less-constrained way via taxes no matter what , even sans conscription . 
  well ... yeah . 
  they were good policies , just not domestically-popular . 
  nah , newly-europhile sarkozy is gon na preserve the union !, 
   overly friendly no such thing !, 
  what i 'm getting at is that if you 're saying that the eu draws corrupt politicians relative to eu member states , the same guy was also head of a member state , not just of the eu . 
  nah , never had a chance , but it was wonderfully apropos to the thread , so ... 
  it 's okay . 
  that 's how the dutch show affection . 
  they did it with ukraine too . 
  three hundred years ago , an independent scotland tried hard to [ into central america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darien_scheme ) , but failed , and the resulting debt made them become part of the uk . 
  this would merely complete the process . 
  that sounds cool as hell . 
  you * should * do that . 
  even would make the biblical prophecy crowd happy : [ ezekiel 47:8 -12 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ezekiel+47%3a8-12&amp;version=niv ) :  when i arrived there , i saw a great number of trees on each side of the river . 
  8 he said to me , `` this water flows toward the eastern region and goes down into the arabah , [ b ] where it enters the dead sea . 
  when it empties into the sea , the salty water there becomes fresh . 
  9 swarms of living creatures will live wherever the river flows . 
  there will be large numbers of fish , because this water flows there and makes the salt water fresh ; so where the river flows everything will live . 
  10 fishermen will stand along the shore ; from en gedi to en eglaim there will be places for spreading nets . 
  the fish will be of many kinds -- like the fish of the mediterranean sea . 
  11 but the swamps and marshes will not become fresh ; they will be left for salt . 
  also , i hear that the poles like the uk a lot , so if the uk gets moved , it seems only fair to bring poland along . 
  you mean as opposed to the character of politicians at the country level in eu members ? 
  he was the pm of portugal before this . 
  / r/ukpolitics is right and older and / r/unitedkingdom is left . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/29/as-obama-years-draw-to-close-president-and-u-s-seen-favorably-in-europe-and-asia/  among the countries in this year 's poll , ratings for the u.s. are mostly positive . 
  half or more in every nation have a favorable opinion of the u.s. , with the exception of greece , where only 38 % hold this view . 
  positive marks for the u.s. are especially common in poland , italy and japan , where more than two-thirds express a favorable view . 
  dunno why greece , though . 
  it 's `` haven '' , meaning `` a safe place '' . 
  ireland should be located off massachusetts , if this is to be done properly . 
  `` does anyone feel like we 're forgetting something ? '', 
  / u/executivemonkey is losing his touch !, 
  yeah , but english is the de-facto standard . 
  the context here is that the other day there were some folks on here irate over brexit proposing a new de-facto cross-eu language . 
  my point at the time was that spanish was the only european language with a comparable speaker count , but most were in the americas . 
  this 'd be adding another 2.6 spains of spanish-speaking population to the eu . 
  maybe for poland ? 
  vaguely-comparable gdp to quebec , they 've had that thing with russia being a pain for ages , and being in the middle of canada is probably about the safest place in the world , the saint lawrence seaway links 'em up with chicago , our little poland , and czechia and slovakia get beaches ? 
  if people listened to climate scientists , we 'd have never had the industrial revolution . 
  best to just do it . 
  looks like spanish is gon na be the new eu language . 
  also , mexico is the new most-populous state in the eu . 
  uk gets a warm climate and beaches . 
  dunno how the whole `` texas bordering the gun-adverse uk '' thing would work out . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure that putting the uk right next to the global source of cheap , high purity cocaine is such a good idea ...
