  nothing like that is reasonably on the radar for finland . 
  edit : wrote sweden instead of finland . 
   another is that the eu wants all its members to be considered a block there 's a term for that -- it 's called a country . 
  if the eu wants to commit and become a country , then the eu will be assessed as such . 
  ... i 'm arguing that women can and should be serving . 
  i was addressing all the objections that i 've heard of . 
   i also seen monkey fire a gun . 
  if you think that you can train a monkey up to the level of marksmanship that i 'd expect a soldier to exhibit -- which women certainly can -- and if they can follow orders , pack equipment , use human-level judgment , and so forth , then i 'd be open to looking into monkeys . 
   people take out bayonet or knifes and use physical strength to attack you . 
  the last time the us conducted a bayonet charge was in the korean war , in 1951 . 
  the last cavalry charge was n't even using sabers , and was in world war ii . 
  i 'm not super-concerned about it . 
  the us military does n't take hand-to-hand combat training particularly seriously anymore , simply because it just does n't matter all that much . 
  you 're going to be shooting people , not grappling with them . 
  yeah , it 's possible that there could be a loss due to poor grappling ability , but that 's a possible limitation that i 'd accept . 
  the british royal family has much fancier digs than the pm does . 
  i 'll believe that putin has money that he has n't publicly announced . 
  but i do not believe that he is sitting on $ 200b without having used any meaningful portion of it . 
  what is he going to do , just be going to all that effort and risk just to maintain a large number somewhere ? 
  http://www.climatechangepost.com/estonia/climate-change/  over the last century the mean wind speed increased by 0.5-0 .8 m/s . 
  the increase of mean wind speed is characteristic mainly of the cold season ( november to february ) . 
  no significant change in wind speed is observed during the warm period ( may -- july ) . 
  -  the duration of sea ice decreased significantly during the second half of the 20th century ( 2 ) . 
  over this period , the date by which sea ice appears has been very consistent , but the date by which it disappears at the end of winter has become earlier . 
  the end of winter and the start of spring occur much earlier than before ( by 19 -- 39 days ) ( 1 ) . 
  -  climate change scenarios for the year 2100 indicate a significant increase in air temperature ( by 2.3 -- 4.5 \u00b0 c ) and precipitation ( by 5 -- 30 % ) in estonia . 
  the highest increase is expected to take place during winter and the lowest increase in summer ( 2,8 ) . the continentality of the climate will be reduced and the influence of the sea will become more pronounced . 
  winters will become milder and hibernating conditions will improve ( 2 ) . 
    comparing the predicted air temperature changes with estonian local observational time series , we see that they stay within the limits of air temperature fluctuations of earlier years . 
  from this it can be concluded that an increase in average temperatures will not bring about any catastrophic change in estonia ( 2 ) . 
    according to calculations based on a regional climate model and two different emission scenarios , wintertime average daily temperatures in the period 2071 -- 2100 are simulated to increase with respect to the period 1961 -- 1990 from 3 \u00b0 to more than 7\u00bac in east europe and russia depending on which emission scenario and which driving global model is used ( 10 ) . 
  the warming in the cold end of the temperature distribution is even larger . 
  the strongest warming occurs on cold days . 
    the strong increase in wintertime temperature in east europe and russia is probably connected to the reduction of the snow cover in the scenario runs . 
  the mechanisms involved are feedback processes involving temperature , snow cover and albedo . 
  with decreasing snow cover the albedo becomes lower . 
  the lower albedo implies that more shortwave radiation is absorbed in the ground which in turn leads to higher surface temperatures . 
  the largest reduction of the length of the snow season is calculated to be in a zone reaching from central scandinavia through southern finland and the baltic countries and further towards the southeast into russia ( 11 ) . 
  -  climate change scenarios for the year 2100 indicate a significant increase in precipitation ( by 5 -- 30 % ) in estonia . 
  the highest increase is expected to take place during winter and the lowest increase in summer ( 8 ) . the increasing trend in autumn and winter precipitation indicates a seasonal shift and demonstrates a general tendency of climate change in estonia from a continental climate towards a more maritime climate ( 2 ) . 
  -  during the winter period , cyclonic activity will become more intensive and the wind speed will increase ( 2 ) . 
  -  the annual mean sea surface temperature of the baltic sea is projected to increase by between 2 \u00b0 c and 4 \u00b0 c between 1961 -- 1990 and 2071 -- 2100 ( 7 ) . 
  i think that you 're probably okay . 
  you 'll have warmer winters and be wetter , with some more wind than has been the case . 
  more spring-like weather . 
  iirc , france has the world 's largest eez . 
  edit : [ yup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone#france ) . 
  we had a high-profile rescue in the pacific a while back where a baby on a sailboat got sick . 
  that involved [ a paratrooper drop with medical supplies and a a helicopter being flown out with its range being extended via air-to-air refueling from a tanker aircraft ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8zv-oo7tcc ) . 
  a couple of days later , a navy vessel was able to show up . 
   poland and cyprus i can understand , but romania , bulgaria and croatia are n't even in schengen . 
  cyprus is n't in schengen either . 
   ... our very own ` bible belt ' ( the east ) is much bigger than the american midwest . 
  the [ american midwest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/midwestern_united_states ) is the northern-central part of the us . 
  the [ bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt ) is the south-eastern part of the us . 
  both are more-socially-conservative than the coastal regions , but it 's the bible belt that 's particularly conservative . 
  which is a damn impressive statement , given politics in the us and the uk over the last six months . 
  i do n't seem to recall you objecting to hillary clinton being investigated . 
   it has to do with how many people overstay when they visit . 
  no , it 's the rejection rate that matters , not the overstay rate . 
  ( though my guess is that the overstay rate will be an input into determining visa rejection . ), 
   americans are not that attached to passport . 
  only 36 % of americans bother to ever get a passport . 
  i 've never bothered myself . 
  they 've no particular interest in going outside of the us , so they do n't need it . 
   why would a poor ukrainian immigrant go and work in the us if they can work in the eu you mean working illegally ? 
  * the eu tends to give benefits , the us pay . 
  if you 're working illegally and the benefits check for your illegal status , you want to be where you get pay that you can actually have , not benefits that you ca n't . 
  * if you have children in the us , they become us citizens . 
  most eu members use [ * jus sanguinis * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis ) , where this does not happen . 
  if you have a child in the us who is a citizen , and they grow to be an adult , they can also bring you in under family reunification . 
  * the us performs very few documentation checks internally ( this is part of the reason why the uk was so twitchy about its border integrity as well , but the us goes well beyond the uk ) . 
  there is no standard federal id in the us . 
  you are not required to carry id in the us . 
  you are not required to * have * any form of id in the us . 
  the us has no biometric database of citizens . 
  in the us , you can change your legally-effective name at will ( in some states , without even bothering to fill out any paper or perform notification ) . 
  needless to say , all of these things are very desirable if you 're planning on working illegally . 
   poland has been depicted ... as a. . . country ... with . . people ... that . . speak a weird language ... and both are wrong . 
  well , polish * is * kinda weird ... 
  yes . 
  we federalized and became one country . 
  if eu members federalize and become one country , the us and the rest of the world will also treat them as one country . 
   the us never lives up to its promises . 
  which promise has the us made that it has not lived up to ? 
  the statistic that matters is whether the rejection rate -- and i suspect that overstay rate is an input to this -- stays below a certain rate for a certain amount of time . 
   a right is n't something the government has to give you , it 's something they ca n't take away from you . 
  i think that you 're thinking of one of two things . 
  [ natural rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_and_legal_rights ) are things that we assert exist even without any kind of legal system in place , that no legal system that does not respect these can be legitimate . 
   natural and legal rights are two types of rights . 
  legal rights are those bestowed onto a person by a given legal system ( i.e. , rights that can be modified , repealed , and restrained by human laws ) . 
  natural rights are those that are not dependent on the laws or customs of any particular culture or government , and therefore universal and inalienable ( i.e. , rights that can not be repealed or restrained by human laws ) . 
  there 's also the concept of [ positive and negative rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negative_and_positive_rights ) . 
  negative rights prohibit a government from doing something ( e.g. 
  lock you up without a trial ) . 
  positive rights require a government to do something ( e.g. 
  provide tax-funded internet service ) . 
  the us constitution is a minimalist document based heavily on negative rights . 
  many constitutions in europe are oriented towards positive rights . 
  i do not know enough about the canadian constitution to know how it compares to either ( one of these days ... ) .
