  you have n't even let romania and bulgaria into schengen , ffs . 
  how about you extend the same level of treatment you do to other members and act as a single country before asking the rest of the world to do so ? 
  is it because you 're not comfortable making an exception that bypasses the standards your members hold up ? 
  then how can you reasonably be asking the rest of the world to do so ? 
  i 've heard a lot about how the uk ca n't have it 's cake and eat it too , that the eu has rules , standards , and principles to adhere to . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  the same is true here . 
  if you want romania and bulgaria to be treated as part of a country called `` the european union '' by the rest of the world , you got ta do your part and act the same way . 
  kinda high on fluff , low on hard content . 
  yes . 
  that 's a characteristic of the inside of a [ customs union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/customs_union ) . 
  so why are you concerned about this fta if your others do the same thing ? 
  you should subscribe to national geographic if you like this sort of thing . 
  the natgeo one was pretty good -- i remember reading it . 
  setting aside the question of whether the root concern makes sense , if what you 're worried about is that canada is in nafta and you 're signing an fta with canada ... you [ already have an fta with mexico ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_trade_agreement_between_mexico_and_the_european_union ) . 
  customs union . 
  can you explain how ? 
  i mean , is this an honest-to-god `` we need to eliminate private ownership of business '' party ? 
   fta with usa and china would be deletory and would hurt the working class in most of europe , especially china . 
  ... what ? 
  i once had a friend , a rhodes scholar , describe this as `` the elusive ` they ' '' . 
  i do n't know if that 's a quote from someone else , but loved the phrase . 
  past eu ftas have isds . 
  just find or write a page with an explanation and link to it . 
  so have * one * eu-level body ratify it , with whatever weighting you want . 
  separatism would n't address this . 
  why would schengen have anything to do with free trade ? 
  the other boot will fall at any moment and new zealand will seize control of everything !, 
  reading this forum was something of an eye-opener on that matter . 
  wallonia does ? 
  we never had a popular referendum on the matter . 
  had representatives hash it out . 
  your last referendum broke the uk out of the eu , against the direction that your government had advised taking . 
  at least the china-australia agreement has isds , and i 'd assume the others . 
  isds is n't some strange , unusual thing . 
  anti-fta groups in the eu were relying on lack of public familiarity in raising it . 
  he 's asking for a single authority that can approve or deny something . 
  you can set up the weighting however you want , including one-vote-per-country . 
   yes it would stop alot of military hardware , the russians have gone to the next tech tier if you will in jamming technologies . 
  what russia is or is not doing in jamming is irrelevant to that -- the question is whether-or-not a given system has inertial backup . 
  why not ? 
  under the current structure , wallonia is doing what it thinks is best , which is leveraging its veto to get every scrap that it thinks it can . 
  that does n't mean that it would be opposed to a majority vote -- just that in the current system , it not leveraging that veto does n't mean that anyone else will , so there 's no point to refraining . 
   the council of the european union isnt an assembly like the un , it is a council directly made of the heads.of state or of government , a union that use the same traditional westaphalian principles , one sovereign state has the same weight than its neightbour and the european union has chosen to use * consensual * agreement . 
  majority vote is still same weight . 
  and countries can delegate authority in the form of treaties . 
   that has it cons ( difficulty to reach an agreement ) and its pros ( a state isnt forced to enforce a policy that it and its people disagree with , that would be against democracy and sovereignity principle ) . 
  surely you would n't require a government to only hold votes that require full consensus to be democratic . 
   the eu is neither a federation nor a confederation , it 's midway between a looser confederation and a more-tightly-associated federation . 
   playing the outraged that wallonie voted against it is not right because they merely voted earlier than the others and because their constitution ask their main regional assemblies to vote upon it . 
  i 'm not outraged . 
  i 'm saying that the voting system as it stands , making extensive use of vetos , prevents the eu from benefitting from many actions that it could have taken . 
   the reason this ca n't happen is that no country , especially the largest ones , would never agree to a system where other nations might impress upon them a deal that 's not in their favor . 
  if the level of trust you extend betwixt yourselves is very low , it will necessarily hamper what you can do . 
  if one ca n't let one 's wife live in the same house for fear of her burglarizing the place , then one 's going to necessarily live a rather-constrained life . 
  croatia has managed to agree to majority votes within croatia -- croatians do n't fear being backstabbed by a gang of other croatians enough to require unanimous consent when making laws domestically . 
  somewhere , enough trust was built that people were willing to lower those barriers enough to get a lot more done . 
  sure , there 's some risk . 
  but it 's clearly worked out for other countries . 
  we have n't blown up , had all the other states get together to beat up on kansas . 
  and the flip side is that you can enjoy the benefits of arrangements that otherwise could n't have happened . 
  and significant benefits . 
  not as much to the uk , what with no land borders outside ireland . 
  the uk definitely does not * need * the eu . 
  however , it would be * significantly better off * with the eu trade , regardless of whatever we and canada set up with them . 
  not dead . 
  needs reform of trade agreement-passing authority , though . 
  yes . 
  you will have companies go under after signing ceta . 
  but it will also permit the creation or expansion of new companies that export to canada . 
  and in the long run , for every dollar that canada exports to you , you will in turn export a dollar . 
  you have free trade within your city . 
  why do you need free trade outside of it ? 
  to leverage [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) , same as why you 'd sign free trade agreements with the rest of the eu and beyond . 
  xnicolex rather-famously is not a fan of the us . 
  some companies do , and some do n't . 
  any change will produce some winner and some losers . 
  is n't that kind of belgium 's responsibility to make sure that her national representation reflects the actual way that the country will vote ? 
  maybe it 's all high-drama negotiation posturing ? 
  you can have equal power without raising such a limiting barrier to taking action . 
  a majority vote in the european council to pass an agreement approved by the european commission would be comparable to what we do and would give every state equal weight . 
  an intermediate level might be a supermajority vote . 
  editorialized title . 
  that seems arbitrary . 
  neither romania nor bulgaria are in schengen . 
  why schengen ? 
  eh , we [ smashed a spacecraft into mars because metric and imperial units ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mars_climate_orbiter ) . 
  shit happens . 
  that being said , countries have been pretty good about lending a hand on the open sea ( rescues and stuff ) even under really unfriendly conditions . 
  it 's a hostile and lonely environment , without much out there . 
  i 've got hopes that countries will do a good job of helping out in space where possible . 
   look at the way things are going . 
  none of the problems are ever dealt with . 
  well , when we started out : * we kicked off with a war . 
  * our first government ( confederation , like the eu ) lasted 15 years and then collapsed . 
  it easy a dumping ground for politicians , since all the real action was at the state level . 
  * it did n't have all those freedoms that get cited . 
  * it did have a debate over slavery that seemed irreconciliable . 
  * the very first thing it did was start quashing rebellions with force . 
  * the second administration basically tried banning criticism of itself .
