  i do n't believe that it 's so much nato access to the black sea that 's critical as it is keeping russia from having access to the mediterranean in a conflict . 
  in the event of such a hypothetical conflict , turkey would be a neutral party and obliged to provide passage . 
  i think that you 're moving way further into dick-waving territory than is warranted . 
  there is no mechanism for throwing members out of nato . 
  i 'm no expert on him , but he fled to the us 20 years ago after he lost a power struggle with erdogan . 
  staying in turkey would probably be hazardous to his health . 
  if i had to guess , it 's because the us is one of the safer places in terms of not getting yourself whacked if a head of state has it personally in for you . 
  could also simply be because it 's one of the popular places to go for wealthy expats . 
  all countries have to go through this process -- if the uk wants someone , they do the same . 
  we 'd need to co the same to get someone from an extradition treaty country . 
  i mean , yes , but i think that smaller-scale factors probably dominate global ones on this . 
  * you 're not going to have conflict free of collateral damage . 
  my guess is that the syria campaign involves some of the least in the history of fighting . 
  if you object to that , i think that the standard is unreasonably high . 
  up to half a million people have died in the fighting in syria in total -- you 'll have looting , rape , etc. 
  my guess is that targeted airstrikes that we put out are the most internally-examined uses of force in syria . 
  * syria already provides a legal pretext for asylum , so this does n't change that . 
  * i doubt that the bombing of that group will displace many more people . 
  cause or symptom ? 
  fwiw , this guy is the one who runs [ globalresearch.ca ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/globalresearch ) . 
  yeah , that was n't exactly a condemnation of the institution as a whole . 
  it was saying `` we are n't going to wait around for the eu on this issue '' . 
  what is your beef with those particular people ? 
  now i 'm interested in a poll of the public on whether or not they think that various outcomes are achievable . 
  my bet is that there 's a substantial disconnect between the aggregate leave voter and folks involved with trade . 
  your take is that the uk will no longer seek to be a finance center for the eu , then ? 
  the do have all those `` if you see something suspicious , say something '' signs . 
  while doing so in response may not be kosher , the eu can probably make a reasonable antitrust case against google for favoring its own services . 
  i mean , while they may have a less-tight stranglehold than apple , they are a dominant player in many areas and use their dominance in one area to extend to their other services . 
  their search engine directs people to youtube . 
  their search engine was used to promote google + . 
  their android browser defaults to google as a search engine and does n't permit use of arbitrary search engines , like the dutch iqxuick . 
  android is integrated with google mail . 
  it 's hard to avoid use of google play on android ( though possible ) . 
  they have a lighter hand than microsoft did , but that kind of stuff is asking for trouble . 
  i 'm sure that there are similar theories in other countries , but i know that the `` someone managed to benefit from it , ergo they must have arranged it '' thing has triggered on a number of other attacks , including the [ attack on pearl harbour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attack_on_pearl_harbor ) :  from the 1950s , several writers alleged that parties high in the u.s. and british governments knew of the attack in advance and may have let it happen ( or even encouraged it ) with the aim of bringing the u.s. into war . 
  [ 20 ] [ 21 ] however , this advance-knowledge conspiracy theory is rejected by mainstream historians . 
  [ 22 ] [ nb 5 ] now , mind , [ * cui bono * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cui_bono ) is a useful tool , but sometimes people take it alone and ignore absolutely overwhelming arguments against something in terms of personal , political , and legal risks and ability to keep conspiracies under wraps . 
  the list of actual false-flag attacks that have come out are short , and they 're much less-ambitious and far-less-politically-risky than the vast , overarching conspiracy schemes that people have proposed to try to describe some things as false flag attacks . 
  the [ shelling of mainila ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shelling_of_mainila ) before the ussr invaded finland and the [ mukden incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mukden_incident ) before japan invaded china are among the few known honest-to-god-false-flag attacks . 
  these give a good example of what real false flags look like -- a tiny number of people are involved , the action does n't expose any of the people to potential later investigation ( annonymously-fired artillery fire or anonymously-set explosives ) , the actions are quite low-cost in terms of harm inflicted on the false-flag actor , they 're not particularly persuasive . 
  erdogan was n't suffering any immediate risks -- he had no reason to throw the dice on some sort of incredible long shot and try to create some vast conspiracy and hope that not one bit of it would leak . 
  however , he has every reason to take advantage of crises when they come along . 
  we 've seen plenty of other governments do precisely that -- this is in line with known examples of using crises to advance policy that would n't have been politically-acceptable with their people otherwise . 
  if you 're talking about iraq , the government there asked us to leave , then fell to a rebellion . 
  they do n't conflict . 
  the us legislature had the patriot act , a huge chunk of legislation , ready to go very shortly after 9/11 . 
  that is n't because the us did 9/11 or let it go ahead , but because there was a wishlist of powers ahead of time just waiting for the next suitable crisis . 
   i sure as hell would n't be surprised if they were involved . 
  i would be * astounded * if that were the case . 
  even ignoring all the costs above , there 's no gain to be had . 
  if you take issue with islamism -- and the us happily works with pakistan and saudi arabia and other countries that are * far * , * far * more islamist than erdogan 's turkey -- erdogan spouts islamist stuff because it sells with the masses in his country . 
  boot out erdogan , and have a vote , and you promptly get erdogan 2.0 who does exactly the same things because they make sense politically . 
  turkey is the way it is right now because of the ideas and demographics of the people who live in it , not because of anyone who currently sits on the throne . 
  a coup is not going to change the ideas of those people . 
   nor would i be against getting rid of him to begin with . 
  via voting ? 
  sure , i 'd * personally * have higher regard with `` secular guy who has freedom-of-speech ideals closer to those in my country '' , and i 'd be cheerful if turkey voted someone like that in . 
  but you would want a military coup to go through ? 
  the eu has a lot more to lose here than the us -- one of its biggest political crises is the migrant issue , and the combination of people fleeing turkey and the possibility of civil war or limited control of the country could wind up with something that makes libya look like nothing . 
  sure , i can understand the muslim world -- chopping israel out of previously-islamic territory was a big deal . 
  but it seems so arbitrary elsewhere that it should be jews . 
  i mean , there are probably dozens of viable minority groups out there that would be equally-viable . 
  there 's certainly * dislike * for minority groups in many places , but the whole `` minority group x is conspiring to do x '' thing does n't happen , at least that i 'm aware of . 
  i dunno , i did run into one guy who thought that jesuits were a big conspiracy , but that 's about all that occurs to me . 
  in nato . 
  which would most-assuredly come out sooner-or-later and harm nato . 
  and have a substantial chance of creating civil war in turkey when turkey is the one stable thing sitting between the current middle-east-in-an-uproar and the eu . 
  right . 
   today - they all love it for the social stance of putin and being supposedly `` against the jews , west , bankers and nwo '' . 
  what is the actual deal that chunks of europe has with jews ? 
  i grew up puzzled as hell about it , and finally i decided that it was a combination of `` non-integrating person of another religion '' and general dislike of bankers/debt collectors and because jews had moved into finance due to medieval christian prohibitions on usury . 
  i saw some people over here during the financial crisis who were presumably getting their house repossessed who were stating that they wanted to kill bankers over here , and that made me think -- `` if i thought of bankers as also being an insular ethnic group with their own language , religion , and so forth , i 'll bet that would be a lot worse '' . 
  but all of this seems way in the past -- finance and the use of credit are widespread today . 
  what 's the beef that people today , right now , who are upset about jews have ? 
  other than greece , which country do you think would be their best bet ? 
  in what sense ? 
  from a security standpoint , i can understand that . 
  but i think that an awful lot of the reasons * for * calls for `` solidarity '' come down to money . 
  when a union is calling for `` solidarity '' , it 's trying to establish a bloc that could leverage monopoly power to negotiate more money ( even if that perk does n't take the form of money ) . 
  i was n't paying attention to the acquisition , but an acquisition probably does n't necessarily use a value computed at the time of the announcement . 
  i do n't think that it looks unreasonable . 
  i mean , sure , his numbers are pulled from the air , but so would anyone 's . 
  the british leadership felt that eu membership was in uk interests , which is why it had n't removed the uk from the eu . 
  most voters probably thought of a hard brexit when voting . 
  many may have been unaware of the practical consequences , but they probably thought `` okay , immigration stops , policy stops being made in brussels , etc '' . 
  clearly , based on the public response in the wake of the referendum result , at least some of those thought that it meant immediate deportation . 
  he 's saying that the most-likely scenario is `` soft brexit '' , in which the uk does n't leave in the sense that probably most voters thought -- no leaving the single market , no stopping immigration , the uk continues to have harmonized regulation where rules come down from brussels . 
  the move is largely a political face-saving move -- after all , had it been what the leadership thought was best , they 'd have just done it sans referendum . 
  that 'd be my best bet too . 
  it 's politically hard to outright reverse a referendum . 
  this avoids a party ever having to say `` we are n't leaving '' . 
  it 's politically-viable . 
  the best argument against this , in my eyes , is that it probably puts the uk in a worse-off position vis-a-vis the eu than it is now . 
  the leadership has to knowingly take a materially-worse position as a political sop . 
  another possibility would be the `` never exit '' possibility . 
  i do n't know whether the `` just forget about '' scenario is the most-likely , but over time , support for the eu is growing in the uk . 
  every year , more people opposed to eu membership die out and more people are raised in favor of the eu . 
  there is not a large margin in favor of leave now , so any delay does n't really have to last all that long . 
  another mechanism to shift things by that small percent would be naturalizing enough people from the eu living in the uk to swing things .
