  how germany wants to help ukraine is demonstrated by the northstream pipeline that stripped ukraine of important income from gas transit and the only one strategic tool it had . 
  the sanctions imposed have been much more concrete . 
   the only one thing usa can do for ukraine is to trigger a proxy war there . 
  merkel and obama agreed that economic pressure would be preferable to military . 
  their goal was , i 'd say , to end russian advancement , which was achieved , and then use economic pressure against russia , an area in which russia is particularly weak and the eu and us strong . 
  i doubt that there 'd be a war unless russia acts militarily first . 
  a contest of economy is a more-favorable one and would be less likely to cause long term problems for ukraine . 
   ukraine should stay between russia and eu collaborating symmetrically with both it is their only way to prosperity and peace . 
  ukraine wanted customs union access , and you ca n't be in two overlapping customs unions , even aside from the broader issues involved . 
  i would imagine that ukraine would have greatly-preferred to do business with the eu and not be invaded or occupied by russia , instead maintaining friendly relations , but russia withdrew that option when it moved troops in . 
  good terms might ( and hopefully eventually will ) be resumed , but i suspect that it will be some time . 
   and of course not being in nato . 
  < shrug  we 'll see what ukraine and other nato members say . 
  however , there are certainly now compelling reasons for it . 
  i think that again , it was russia that forced that ship to sail . 
  ukraine 's public was opposed to nato membership until after the crimea invasion . 
  had russia not invaded , my guess is that nato would have simply withered over time . 
  but in attacking ukraine , russia did more to ensure nato vitality than anyone else in the world could have . 
  true , russia 's economy is about thirteen times that of ukraine . 
  but if the argument amounts to reducing the justification to `` might makes right and russia wants to take crimea '' , it seems either inconsistent or unwise to have taken on the us and the eu over the matter , which are over thirty times russia 's economic size . 
  and russia gave crimea away in 1954 , and later reaffirmed that it gave up all territorial claims . 
  countries ca n't randomly wait sixty years , then unilaterally declare that they 've decided to start invalidating territorial agreements . 
  hell , europe would be on fire with wars if that started . 
  ethnic reunification was the same justification that hitler used in invading the czech republic , and we are n't doing that business again . 
  florida and similar territory was ceded by the standards of the time . 
  no , because that referendum has no bearing on whether or not they may be annexed . 
  probably because it 's irrelevant to whether a russian annexation has a legal basis . 
  well , you and nine countries in the un take that position , at any rate . 
  fair enough -- thought that you were referring to the present issue . 
  it looks like that 's a pre-world war ii dispute , though ... 
  could be true but is irrelevant -- it 's not grounds for annexation of parts of a country . 
  there 's good reason for that -- otherwise i can buy off strategic bits of a country . 
  same would go for russia shaving off pieces of the baltics with ethnic russian majorities . 
  nor would russia accept that standard itself anyway due to chechnya . 
  if russia could have come to an agreement with ukraine , that would have been different . 
  but russia did n't do that -- they sent in the military , and now they 're on the far weaker side of an economic spat with a much larger bloc . 
  rifles have been used against people with bulletproof armor . 
  hillary is a wild card ? 
  compared to what past president ? 
  not credible for it to have been fake . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/brewery-builds-a-pipeline-sending-beer-lovers-into-a-froth-1462371340  brewery builds a pipeline , sending beer lovers into a froth   belgian project will carry 1,500 gallons an hour ; requests for home taps fall flat . 
     bruges , belgium -- xavier vanneste , heir to a dynasty of beer brewers in this medieval city , had a pipe dream . 
    when he woke up and looked out of his window one spring morning , he saw workers on the street laying underground utility cables in front of his house , situated on the same ancient square as the brewery he runs . 
    `` i immediately realized this was the solution , '' mr. vanneste said . 
    the brewery 's truck fleet had been bottling up the city 's narrow , cobblestone streets . 
  matters had been getting worse since 2010 , when the brewery moved its bottling facility out of town . 
    his brain wave ? 
  a beer pipeline . 
    `` it all started as a joke , '' said mr. vanneste . 
  `` nobody believed it was going to work . ''   four years later , the pipeline is just weeks away from completion . 
  it stretches 2 miles from the brewery , de halve maan , or the half moon , in the city center to the bottling plant in an industrial area . 
  it will be able to carry 1,500 gallons of beer an hour at 12 mph . 
  hundreds of truck trips a year will no longer be necessary . 
     not long after the project was announced , the burghers of bruges started dreaming of siphoning off personal supplies . 
    a local satirical tv show tricked people living near the route into believing that beer taps could be installed in their houses . 
  mr. vanneste said it would be impossible to illegally tap into the polyethylene tubes , which he said are stronger than steel . 
    the citywide attention gave mr. vanneste another idea . 
  he 'd partly fund the $ 4 million ( $ 4.5 million ) investment by offering lifetime supplies of beer . 
  attracted by the liquid returns , brew-lovers sank some $ 300,000 into the project . 
   they were offered three options . 
  the most expensive `` gold '' membership , which costs $ 7,500 , entitles the holder to an 11-ounce bottle of brugse zot beer ( retail price , $ 1.70 ) every day for life , along with 18 personalized glasses . 
    one of the 21 people who signed up for that was philippe le loup , who runs a restaurant on the scenic simon stevin square , a few hundred yards from the pipeline . 
  le loup , whose establishment serves about 1,850 gallons of brugse zot a year , said he would have preferred a direct tap into the pipeline . 
  `` it would have saved me a lot of keg-dragging , '' he said . 
  le loup also bought bronze memberships , at $ 220 apiece , for each of his 12 employees , entitling them to a 25-ounce bottle of beer every year for life . 
  `` in total , i invested over $ 10,000 , '' said mr. 
  le loup , 35 years old , who was born in the city . 
  `` i calculated that if i pick up my free beers for 15 years , my investment will be paid back . '' he said he plans to drink most of the beer himself . 
    `` when i 'm 50 , i will make profit , '' he said . 
    last year , de halve maan exported about 200,000 liters of its most popular beers , brugse zot and straffe hendrik , to the u.s. , double the 2014 figure . 
    ronald martin , a music teacher , home brewer and de halve maan fan in buffalo , n.y. , was one of 76 foreigners to pitch in . 
    when he visited bruges , he was convinced the pipeline was happening . 
  he wanted to be the first american to take part . 
  `` when i walked into the brewery , the secretary had a phone call from another american , '' mr. martin recalled . 
  he immediately went to get cash and signed up . 
    `` when you talk about a beer pipeline , everyone thinks you 're joking , '' he said . 
  `` but it 's a serious thing . ''   a few european sports arenas have aboveground pipelines . 
  in randers , denmark , a pipeline under a street carries beer to some bars . 
  the annual oktoberfest beer festival in munich , germany , pipes beer to some tents . 
  in cleveland , ohio , the great lakes brewing company moves beer through a pipe from its brewery to a bar across the street . 
    the city of bruges , which last year attracted 6.6 million tourists , has long been looking for solutions to reduce traffic in its historic center -- a unesco world heritage site known for its canals and medieval architecture . 
    `` the pipeline is a breakthrough , '' said renaat landuyt , mayor of bruges , which was the economic capital of northern europe between 1200 and 1400 . 
    mr. landuyt said he would even consider constructing pipelines for other goods , including chocolate , one of belgium 's other precious commodities . 
  `` everyone who proposes alternative means of transport is welcome here , '' he said . 
    the centuries-old brewing company , the last one remaining in the city center , said its new pipeline would n't affect the taste of its award-winning beers . 
    most of the pipe runs about 6 feet underground , but in some spots it goes about 100 feet under . 
  on a recent day , workers were digging holes , connecting tubes and replacing cobblestones on zonnekemeers , a street near de halve maan , attracting the attention of many bystanders . 
    the beer pipeline will be able to carry 1,500 gallons of beer an hour from the brewery to the bottling plant . 
    `` the beer pipeline has become a sight , '' said alain de pr\u00e9 , who oversees the construction of the pipeline . 
  `` people are taking more pictures of this than of the monuments around us . ''   sylvie melkenbeek , a 78-year-old retiree , was enjoying her espresso on a sunlit terrace in front of de halve maan as horse carriages rolled by carrying tourists . 
  ms. melkenbeek , whose last name literally translates as `` stream of milk , '' said she would much prefer a pipeline filled with coffee . 
    `` i do n't like beer , '' she said . 
  the us and turkey are not occupying syria . 
  kosovo is a country recognized by most un members that was produced while stopping ongoing ethnic cleansing . 
  [ only nine countries in the un ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_status_of_crimea ) have recognized russian annexation of crimea as legitimate and having legal force : russia , bolivia , cuba , nicaragua , north korea , sudan , syria , venezuela , and zimbabwe . 
  oh , come on . 
  nobody is putting a bullet in anyone 's head in russia if they do n't dope . 
  there 's something to that , but do you personally support all actions that a government took that you voted for ? 
  yeah ... have burkah-wearing women really been a substantial security threat ? 
  it 's mostly young men , yes ?
