  doing that would cause it to run into a set of restrictions created to try to deal with things like jabbing people with hot coals and against which there are stringent prohibitions ; this would tend to advance the policies that they 'd like . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a classy resort . 
  i 'm saying that i am not willing to describe it as torture , and my belief is that people who attempt to so-classify it are dishonestly attempting to do so because they dislike the policy for other reasons ; that they are attempting to leverage policies established to try to avoid rather different situations . 
  i personally do n't feel that placing people on an island is objectionable , no , and i kind of feel that efforts to condemn the practice on the grounds that it is torture are political in nature . 
  if i 'm a political protester in belgium , can i expect to normally get away with trashing things ? 
  i mean , i was amazed to read about the french protests destroying agricultural goods , but i thought that it was specific to france and the french police turning a blind eye . 
  that does n't sound like all that much to me . 
  i mean , i 'm sure that they do n't appreciate it , but it does n't quite sound apocalyptic . 
  that being said , i 'm amazed by the size of both up and down swings for individual countries . 
  i have no idea if that 's normal for agricultural workers ( e.g. 
  a bad harvest year or a good harvest year drastically-affecting demand ) . 
  edit : and it ca n't just be immigration pushing countries down , because ( for example ) sweden was up . 
  good grief . 
  darn good thing that polandball has us with glasses covering our eyes . 
  way ahead of netherlands and jamaica in prevalance of use . 
  yup . 
  but the purpose of offshore detention is that it means that the people who were immigrating illegally now have no pull factor , and immigration falls off as a result of this ; the fall was by well over a factor of eight . 
  whether-or-not australia is happy with it , it does work to the extent of reducing illegal immigration . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution  arrivals dropped from a total of 5516 people in 2001 to 1 arrival in 2002 after implementation of the policy . 
  [ 14 ] however , the removal of the taliban from power in afghanistan was likely a factor in this decrease , [ 9 ] as nearly six million afghans had returned to afghanistan since 2002 , almost a quarter of the country 's population at the time . 
  [ 15 ]   a lower level of boat arrivals continued throughout the pacific solution period , and it has significantly peaked in numbers since the abolition of the policy , despite worldwide asylum claim numbers remaining low by historical standards . 
  [ 16 ] these arrivals have also corresponded with increasing numbers of new refugee arrivals in indonesia after the abandonment of the policy : 385 in 2008 , 3,230 in 2009 , 3,905 in 2010 , 4,052 in 2011 , 7,218 in 2012 and 8,332 in 2013 . 
  [ 17 ] a probable link between restrictive refugee policies and lower attempts at seeking asylum in australia by boat have been confirmed by the unhcr : in april 2014 , unhcr indonesia representative manual jordao stated : `` word that the prospects of reaching australia by boat from indonesia are now virtually zero appears to have reached smugglers and would-be asylum seekers in countries of origin such as afghanistan , iran , pakistan and myanmar . 
  the numbers registering with the un refugee agency ( unhcr ) in indonesia have dropped from about 100 a day during 2013 to about 100 a week now . 
   maybe because nato members do n't share the populist eastern european paranoia that russia can and will invade at any minute . 
  i do not think that russia will invade any nato members . 
  however , i * also * did not think that russia would invade ukraine , and i was wrong . 
  many other people also thought that russia would not do this and were wrong . 
  i did not think it likely that russia would assassinate people on british soil , and i was wrong about that . 
  for me , poland not being invaded is a relatively-minor gamble , but for poland , the stakes are far higher , and taking a risk , even a small one , seriously is not crazy . 
  more to the point , nato members have agreed to defend each other . 
  if they 're truly complying with what they 've signed up for , members should n't need to feel uneasy about someone actually coming . 
  whether accurate or not , my understanding is that there are people in eastern europe who do have concerns . 
  if it 's viable to provide a higher degree of confidence in those guarantees , there seems to be little reason to not do so . 
  i do n't know whether bases or nukes is the best way to do that , but if there is a way that nato can reasonably provide that , i do n't see any good justification for not doing so . 
  nato members have a strong interest in ensuring that both members and potential adversaries can treat defense guarantees as credible . 
  thus far , the [ full list of those locations consist of ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_operations ) : * international waters off serbia * bosnian airspace * international waters in adriatic sea * yugoslavia * bosnia and herzegovina * kosovo and serbia * afghanistan * pakistan ( earthquake relief mission -- not sure if this counts , but it was military ) * ocean off somalia * libya * turkey * afghanistan i do n't think that any of these are presently hosting nato bases other than any us bases in afghanistan and whatever bases turkey already had placed within her own borders . 
  i only figured it out two weeks ago . 
  never heard of the term until this forum . 
  my takeway is that there is now an oversupply of pork . 
  / r/bacon will be pleased at a glut of cheap and delicious bacon on world markets . 
  start poldering into more-northerly climes . 
  somewhere it must get colder . 
   russia isnt really at war in a western sense of conquering territory . 
  i think that it 's pretty hard to call crimea `` destabilizing '' rather than `` conquering territory '' . 
  hello , two-hour-old account at time of post . 
  he 's talking about world war ii . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal france and the uk did not do more than offer a token immediate military response when poland was initially-invaded ( though they * did * declare war ) . 
  france at least ( i 'm not familiar with the details of the uk 's guarantees ) had explicitly-promised a substantial attack on germany within a certain period of time of poland being invaded . 
  france at the time did not feel herself to be sufficiently-militarily prepared . 
  in retrospect , she probably would have been better-off honoring the agreement , as germany would almost certainly not have been able to resist at that point in time and it could have resulted in a very short world war ii ( though the ussr would also have been in a powerful location to pick over the bones , rather than the uk and the us ) . 
  additionally , after polish men fought alongside the western allies with at least some implicit expectation of a free poland afterwards , no free poland was forthcoming -- stalin took poland , fdr never seriously attempted to throw the us 's weight against the ussr over poland , and churchill had few cards left to play at the end of world war ii ( though he did clearly feel strongly about poland 's fate and did what he could , and it may have been part of the reason that he lost his position ) . 
  churchill managed to keep greece away from stalin , and that was about as much as he could manage . 
  the subsequent decades behind the iron curtain were not gentle to poland , and my understanding is that there is some bitterness over this . 
  the winter war-era ussr land demands of finland were also justified by stalin as a strategic necessity . 
  he 'd asked finland to cede control of the areas containing her critical fortifications , which would have led to the inability of finland to effectively-resist invasion ; he stated that this was due to concern that germany might invade finland and use those fortifications as a jumping-off point into russia . 
  finland took the cynical ( and , i suspect , probably correct ) view of this offer . 
  < shrug  so the board provides executive compensation in the form of options with an long vesting period or one of many other ways that they can tie company long-term interest to executive interest . 
  their hands are not tied . 
  ah , looks like a [ jewish guy who was none-too-happy with germany over the holocaust ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_morgenthau,_jr . ), 
  was given a lot of influence over the first two years of post-war reconstruction . 
  if i 'm on the board of the company , why would i want to establish an incentive structure that screws over the company ? 
  if you keep the company 's interests aligned with the interests of the country in which its operating , the company can handle establishing incentives for its employees to keep them doing what is in line with company interests . 
   those are two entirely different matters which do n't converge . 
  well , they * could * , if the publics of other countries wanted to pay off the creditors . 
  i 'm not advocating for the idea , but i do n't see that as a barrier . 
  my understanding is that the bethlehem journey is very probably apocryphal . 
  there is no record of a roman census outside of the bible , and establishing that joseph 's hometown was in a particular area was important to fulfill some sort of jewish prophecy that i do n't recall about where the messiah would come from ; other elements of the story have been identified that are also almost-certainly constructed to fit with prophecies . 
  finally , such a census -- relocating large numbers of the population -- would be pretty dramatically-disruptive and was considered by the lecturer that i listed to as probably not realistic . 
   the western allies imposed a policy of mass starvation we stopped that after the war . 
   employers did n't have wages rise . 
  no , that 's true . 
  it tended to depress wages : places where labor had been a bottleneck fell off and other things , like resource availability , became more of a bottleneck . 
  however , combined household incomes rose -- individual wage-earner wages did not fall to * half * . 
  we also reallocated things so that people did find useful labor to do , and we certainly produce more than we could if only men were working . 
  we have a higher standard of living than we did . 
  i do not believe that removing women from the workforce would provide net standard-of-living improvements unless having someone doing domestic work provides absolutely otherwise-irreplaceable and more-highly-valued-than-any-alternative perks . 
  it may provide other benefits that do make it worthwhile , like an improved fertility rate or social changes that people want . 
  but i do not think that , if your concern is simply a higher standard of living for families , that removing women from the workforce will get you where you want . 
  that 's an input , but if i 'm intentionally-trying to look like another plane -- remember that this was probably thought to be a ukranian transport plane , not a fighter -- i can fake that . 
  i am not arguing that it made sense to shoot in this case . 
  i am , however , arguing that it 's unreasonable to expect a battery to hold off firing in a war situation simply because of ads-b broadcasts claiming that an aircraft is neutral . 
   but given the cascade of revelations , the civil complaint , which does not involve criminal charges or auto executives facing charges , is something of a blow to the obama administration 's highly promoted new strategy for getting tough on corporate crime . 
  the justice department has gained a reputation in recent years for forcing companies to pay big fines , while sparing the executives involved . 
  i do n't see why that 's a problem . 
  company is a bad actor , company gets punished , board knows that executives handled its company poorly . 
  this has the nice perk of ( 1 ) avoiding a company appointing a fall guy ( `` yeah , it was all me acting by my lonesome '' ) to game the justice system or in ( 2 ) simply structuring things such that high-ranking execs are isolated from dubious actions by giving only ambiguous orders and expecting them to be implemented by someone else in a violating way ; it keeps incentives reasonable . 
  maybe i misunderstood your post -- i thought that you meant that the uk 's air pollution stayed high . 
  i agree that china will probably hit events that will cause pressure to clean up as well . 
  he might be able to veto it , but my point is that he 's probably does not personally have access to all the intelligence data and air-defense data that would be available to some centralized air defense command which would best be in a position of having to make a call over whether a plane is broadcasting fake signals or not . 
  it 's probably true that in the informal/special ops nature of russia 's involvement in ukraine , that was n't available ( though doctrine might also not be designed around that unusual case ... ), 
  not saying that that 's not a good trend , but it needs to be at ~ 2.1 if you want to maintain population . 
  1.47 to 2.1 is a pretty immense gap . 
  i agree that that 's one option , but there are also large costs associated with that . 
  let 's ignore the question of whether it 's desirable from a social standpoint for the moment . 
  i do n't know what portion of the gdp is made up of women in the workforce -- i 'm guessing somewhat less than 50 % , but probably not dramatically less . 
  let 's say that it is 50 % , though . 
  so women return to the home . 
  all right , now you 've got kids that have a lot of human contact and interaction in being raised , that 's great ... but you also just lost 50 % of your gdp . 
  that 's pretty expensive .
