   yugoslavia particularly is a shame and an embarasement for us that we stood by as our neighbours killed each other and we just stood by doing nothing , waiting for the us to push for intervention . 
  that 's really a different problem , though , right ? 
  that 's a political issue , not a military one . 
  that was n't lack of ability to militarily take action , but lack of a civilian mechanism to come to a decision on approving military action . 
  any economic change is probably going to produce layoffs somewhere . 
  unless you 're committed to no change , people are gon na lose jobs . 
  france , i thought that of all european nato members , you 'd most want to be taking on a larger role in europe . 
  far superior solution : get two strap wrenches . 
  no jar on earth can stand up to that . 
  while i agree with the sentiment , what 's your preferred long-term plan for greece ? 
  i do n't think he meets the residency requirement . 
  get the brexit leaders to say it ? 
  brexit positions seem to tend to rely on who believes whom . 
  zero-evidence assertion with the citation for the department of state directly contradicting the author . 
  it 's not clear to me from the article how much influence this guy actually has . 
  it 's not an official position in the bureaucracy , but the honorary head of some think tank . 
  my understanding is that if the euro was an issue , you 'd see pay cuts or mass layoffs and re-hiring at lower wages . 
  it might be more disruptive for countries with a common currency to deal with finding a trade balance , but it should happen . 
  i think that perhaps the euro acts as sort of a general scapegoat for european economic issues -- anything that goes wrong is at least tangentially-connected to the euro , so it can be blamed . 
  i am confident that there are policies that could stop migration . 
  the tradeoffs may or may be worth it , of course . 
  i 'm still upset that there are restrictions on fully-auto weapons over here . 
  there is no current us regulation like this . 
  a few states ( notably california ) has had magazine size limitations -- not sure if there have been scotus challenges yet . 
  trump 's not a hawk . 
  huh . 
  farage was just quoted about wanting someone with a business background handling brexit . 
  i wonder if he was referring to this guy in particular . 
  if germany bears any degree of outsize influence in the eu , it 's surely due to her outsize economy ... and france , also with a large economy , would then be guilty too , yes ? 
  well , that 's the ever-hopeful nytimes ' theory . 
  outgoing president . 
  as far as i know , he 's been polite about trump !, 
  as our congressional representatives have [ pointed out in the past , rather than sinking , islands capsize ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=v7xxvlkwd3q ) . 
  he 's even got the `` bash the experts '' tweet . 
  not that it was n't effective , but kinda shapes you politically . 
  [ also in today 's news , apparently farage has lessons for the gop . 
  ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/07/12/brexit-leader-farage-has-lessons-trump-gop/86986562/ ) i expect that he 'll be interviewed and quoted . 
  the brexit leaders definitely have n't vanished from the public stage . 
  not very promising for article 50 not going through . 
  this is n't how it 'll happen if there is one . 
  it will be years down the line . 
   could the uk be moving towards its late weimar phase ? 
  until the uk 's unemployment is at 30 % , the way the late weimar republic 's was , i 'm going to say `` no '' . 
  what would ` escape ' mean in this context , if not withdrawal from crimea ? 
  i 've gone through it before . 
  i 'm not opposed to everything in there , but i do n't think that the mixing makes sense , and i do n't think that large chunks of what they 're measuring makes sense . 
   but if the u.k. were to give up its deterrent , that would leave the united states as the sole nuclear guarantor for the nato alliance . 
  france also has nuclear weapons . 
  i think that we 're a terribly long way from assuming that scotland will leave the uk . 
  first , it 's possible that the uk wo n't leave or that the uk might be out for a relatively-short period of time . 
  second , it 's possible the eu will wind up being a less-desirable place than the uk , and scotland wo n't want to shift . 
  additionally , inertia favors not leaving rather than joining ; inertia will favor staying out . 
  third , it 's possible ( i would guess very likely ) that the uk wo n't agree to split off a region , and extremely unlikely that scotland would try to unilaterally leave or that it would receive eu support in doing so . 
  crimea and catalonia would be powerful arguments against doing so . 
  trying to split up the uk externally would be a hostile act . 
  the eu has , frankly , more-than-enough international problems to deal with at the moment . 
  there 's a backlash , juncker having scotland at the european parliament , but i would bet against this turning into eu policy . 
  it just does n't make sense for the eu to do . 
  fourth , it 's possible ( i would guess likely ) that the uk and the eu will establish some kind of relationship that meets the wants of various people insofar as it is possible for both to mutually-benefit . 
   one option could be the east coast of the united states . 
  britain is the only country with which the u.s. shares nuclear technology and has enjoyed , since world war ii , a `` special relationship '' with washington . 
  british subs could potentially dock at a u.s. submarine base in kings bay , georgia . 
  or the sprawling u.s. navy base in norfolk , virginia , the world 's largest , `` could provide a temporary holding ground '' for the british subs until london built another facility , said samp . 
  i do n't understand the goal that the author is trying to achieve here . 
  if it 's to get the sub bases away from heavily-populated areas , the brits can build a sub base wherever . 
  they 've got islands all over the place . 
  the brits may * cooperate * with the us on many military affairs , but i have a hard time believing that they 'd want to give up the flexibility of keeping their ballistic missile submarines on british soil . 
  the author appears to be gung-ho on uk-us collaboration . 
  all right , no dispute that there are potential mutual wins there , but there are far more areas that i think would provide more benefit to both than stuffing uk sub bases on foreign soil on the other side of the atlantic to ... i guess save on construction costs ? 
   and the author will launch a `` ukraine business journal '' in september , meaning he has every interest in saying that business in ukraine is awesome . 
  on the flip side ... if he * does * think that ukraine is under-invested in , that seems like a sensible thing to do . 
  it would n't remotely make sense for the uk to be a tax haven . 
  you want a small population in a sovereign country where a lot of the tax revenue can come from trying to avoid tax laws . 
  the uk is the fifth - ( or sixth - , whatever ) largest economy in the world . 
   granted it 's definitely not objective , but polls have shown that ukrainians tend to think corruption has actually gotten worse in the last years . 
  i 've yet to get metrics that i 'm really happy with as regards measuring corruption . 
  i am deeply suspicious -- though i 've no familiarity with efforts to look into them -- that perceptions are a poor way to measure corruption . 
  i think that it might make more sense to split up `` corruption '' and to not treat it as a single number . 
  i think that other measurements may be a reasonable way to measure certain types of corruption -- for example , * have you paid an unofficial payment to a member of government in the last year ? 
  * what percentage of recently-constructed buildings have met < specific test of building integrity designed to identify substandard materials being used  ? 
  * weighting for wages , what type of car does a legislator drive two years out of office ? 
  i was impressed when i first read about people trying to determine overall drug usage in a city sampling sewage . 
  it seems to me that similarly-clever things might be done to try to extract data on corruption . 
  it 's hard to improve something without finding a good metric to measure progress . 
  obviously , `` lacking '' brings in value judgments and a much-more-complicated set of things to worry about . 
  but in terms of population density , [ portugal is somewhat above the median in europe ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/map/?v=21000&amp;r=eu&amp;l=en ) . 
   it 's the russian government that has all the data about registered births in the country , how would outside agencies keep track of that independently ? 
  you could actually probably get decent numbers via random sampling and polling . 
  not saying that that 's what happened . 
   `` tax exemptions should n't distort competition by giving an unfair advantage to some ports over others in europe , '' said margrethe vestager , the european commissioner for competition . 
  if france and belgium are capable of operating with less transport overhead than other ports , why object to passing on those savings ? 
   on the other hand , trade between the uk and germany is heavily leaning towards favoring german exporters : second highest ( positive ) trade balance of germany , second only to the one with the us , in raw numbers . 
  what is it * with * you guys and trying to maintain a positive trade balance ? 
  total trade is going to be a better measure of disruption . 
  well , it 's not legally-binding in any way . 
  same reason that he 'd care about a referendum -- politics . 
   the imf has warned that italy faces two decades of stagnant economic growth . 
    its latest report on the country puts growth this year at under 1 % , down from its previous 1.1 % estimate , and forecasts growth in 2017 of about 1 % - down from a 1.25 % estimate . 
  [ that looks like it would be comparable to the last twenty years ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=itpirlqs&amp;v=201607041751n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231&amp;h=300&amp;w=600 ) . 
  i * strongly * suspect that this was worked out before brexit .
