  it seems to me plausible that there are approaches that would raise the german fertility rate by the additional 50 % required to sustain the population that are less-expensive than half of the german gdp . 
  thoughts : in 1920 , there was a sustainable society -- women basically stayed home and raised children . 
  that 's one way of approaching society . 
  it 's got its own set of issues , some of which were targeted by social reformers , but it did n't result in population drops . 
  some people were concerned about elements of that society . 
  women had little financial independence , so they had little leverage in a marriage . 
  because they would probably mostly be doing domestic work , it did n't make a lot of sense to put lots of resources into education , limiting their political influence . 
  there was a big effort to have women take on a role comparable to that of men of the time , and that has more-or-less succeeded in adjusting gender roles . 
  however , child-raising did n't become updated for this -- then , instead of primarily dealing with raising children , a woman had to juggle a household and children . 
  a number of the responsibilities of child-raising were spread out and passed over to men , but clearly working a full-time job and raising a child was more load than simply raising a child . 
  one possibility is having the state take a larger role in child-raising than it has had . 
  this will probably also have fallout on society 's structure , like weakening familial bonds . 
  my own view is that this approach is probably the most-viable . 
  it has some other effects , in that a family 's ability to have children is increasingly-disconnected from their financial situation . 
  another would be automating more of the raising of children . 
  i do n't think that we 're nearly at this point yet . 
  we do n't have machines that can care for the needs of a one-year-old . 
  another would be reviewing whether more load could be shifted to men . 
  another would be reverting to a 1920s-style social structure . 
  another would be increasing access to inexpensive labor markets to obtain nannys -- e.g. 
  getting `` nanny work visas '' -- to a point where the typical citizen could afford a nanny . 
  i think that this will have its own set of issues , since those people have their own interest in raising their children and this would disrupt that , and i think that the huge number of low wage-earning slots this would require would have a big impact on society . 
   nato and the european union are accused of being unable to ensure the security of europe , and the eu refugee crisis is held up as proof . 
  nato is not an immigration office . 
  i would think that it would be pretty objectionable if nato * did * start trying to hand down dictates about immigration decisions to member nations , as they never signed up for that . 
  i 'm having a really hard time believing that french involvement in world war i was nonsensical . 
  expensive , painful ... but would france be better off had she just promptly keeled over in world war i ? 
  the algerian war ... maybe that war was a bad idea . 
  but surely , then , the criticism should be of the government 's decision to become involved or to treat possession of algeria as a core french interest than in expecting the french public to defend core french interests ? 
  the [ great smog ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_smog ) changed some things . 
  it may also possibly not be part of doctrine to look at that . 
  there 's presently ( in my view , regrettably ) no cryptographic security to authenticate [ ads-b ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automatic_dependent_surveillance_%e2%80%93_broadcast ) ( the modern transponder protocol ) transmissions , which means that any aircraft can claim to be any other aircraft . 
  it might be a very , very good idea for non-stealth aircraft to broadcast fake identification to confuse any air defenses in a war situation . 
  if so , it 's a safe bet that someone other than the crew that operates the thing is normally responsible for making that determination and greenlighting firing . 
  iff is different in that it * does * have cryptographic guarantees . 
  also , to be fair , my interest in cryptographic security being added to ads-b is more to avoid casual abuse than to deal with military-type situations . 
  keys used to authenticate to iff systems are presumably guarded by the military . 
  i doubt that civil aviation aircraft are kept secure enough to keep intelligence agencies from getting their hands on them . 
  i am not blaming denmark in particular . 
  my point is that dublin placed unreasonable constraints on its members . 
  no member state , from greece or wherever the entry point in question is on up to sweden , has incentive to force registration , and all of those states have been avoiding doing so . 
  for dublin to work , some country has to say `` i will choose to take action that will legally stick me with all the migrants i can catch '' . 
  this is not going to work in that each state wants those * upstream * of it to enforce dublin and does not want to enforce dublin itself . 
  dublin was an attempt to shield the wealthier destination countries from illegal immigration by shifting the burden to entry countries . 
  while there may have been enough clout to get dublin signed , there was n't enough to have it be effectively-enforced . 
  there are ways in which registration could be reasonably-expected , but it would require that the country in question have an incentive to do so . 
  either quotas ( which most eu members are going to be less-than-enthusiastic about implementing ) or some other mechanism to deport people elsewhere . 
  for example , if a country registers a migrant and that meant that the migrant went into an eu-wide auction where the eu pays the low bidder for a country to settle that migrant , that would result in registrations . 
  if it meant that there would reliably be somewhere for the migrant to be deported to , as australia does , that would also result in registrations . 
  but the dublin 's structure simply generates mis-incentives . 
   first close the external borders ( like spain in africa ) spain knows where someone hopping over a fence is coming from . 
  greece ca n't prove that . 
  in the case of libya , italy is n't permitted to deport people to libya , as it 's considered a war zone . 
  greece ca n't keep their borders airtight because if they intercept someone , they have no way to prove where they came from and thus no legal way to deport them . 
   only way , is to force the refugees to register which is something that they are instructed to never do , even when they are detained , starved , teargassed and in some cases even clubbed with police batons . 
  they will not register because they want to go to sweden . 
  let 's not just blame migrants here . 
  member countries are at least as much of a cause . 
  no country has incentive to force a policy of migrant registration within its own borders * either * , since if it successfully forces it , it just means that it is the one to become legally-responsible for them . 
  it would be a very bad move for that country , with no upside . 
  countries might like * upstream * countries to force registration , but that 's a different matter . 
  unless it becomes in the interest of a member country to force registration , that registration is n't going to happen . 
  not given the context of the article -- it appeared to be concerned about exclusivity of power . 
  a country does n't need to be comparable to the uk in power to come up with technological developments or trade with a country . 
  suppose that , for example , turkey , mexico , australia and japan were each smaller , and thus not `` middle powers '' . 
  they would n't be prevented from engaging in international trade with countries that the uk traded with or doing technological development . 
  whatever the author is concerned about would be tied to international clout . 
  that 's true , and some people have pointed out that there is civilian occupation overlap in some cases . 
  my point is just that conscription can be viewed as `` make people do job x , and give all the proceeds to the state for military use '' . 
  this has an opportunity cost of `` let people do whatever job they want for that period , and take some/all of the proceeds for the state for military use '' . 
  it may be that the latter approach generates a greater return . 
  i 'd agree that there are times when conscription is necessary -- actual wartime , for example . 
  and it may be that what sweden needs * is * more infantrymen that can be swiftly called up if need be . 
  i 'm just saying that in doing this , sweden 's military gives up things like missiles that it could otherwise theoretically have had ; that cost should n't be overlooked . 
  anyway , there * is * good discussion in this thread , with some other people discussing their own favorite parts of conscription . 
  i 'm not particularly set against sweden doing this . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it 's only one approach to strengthening the swedish military ... and it might not be the most-effective . 
  up until about then , the us had more-or-less open borders . 
  [ between about 1880 and 1924 ] ( http://immigration.procon.org/view.timeline.php?timelineid=000023 ) , concern over a high rate of immigration from initially east asia and then parts of europe resulted in a major closing-up of the country . 
  sanctions were n't imposed as a result of mh17 , but [ in advance of it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_sanctions_during_the_ukrainian_crisis ) , due to the occupation of parts of ukraine . 
  [ mh17 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17 ) was july 17 , 2014 . 
  wow , that is a * dramatically * [ lower bar than the us constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_five_of_the_united_states_constitution ) :  amendments may be proposed either by the congress with a two-thirds vote in both the house of representatives and the senate or by a constitutional convention called for by two-thirds of the state legislatures . 
  [ 1 ] to become part of the constitution , an amendment must be ratified by either -- as determined by congress -- the legislatures of three-fourths of the states or state ratifying conventions in three-fourths states . 
  you ca n't slip something by three-fourths of the state legislatures as well in one session . 
  i was also wondering about arresting them temporarily until after the vote . 
  the [ us constitution has a clause to address this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speech_or_debate_clause ) . 
  poland appears to [ have a similar clause ] ( http://www.sejm.gov.pl/prawo/konst/angielski/kon1.htm ) :  a deputy shall be neither detained nor arrested without the consent of the sejm , except for cases when he has been apprehended in the commission of an offence and in which his detention is necessary for securing the proper course of proceedings . 
  any such detention shall be immediately communicated to the marshal of the sejm , who may order an immediate release of the deputy . 
   the study sees america and china as the leading global powers . 
  but unfortunately for a middleweight nation like britain , more middleweights are entering the ring . 
  `` other rising powers , such as brazil and india , will take a strategic interest beyond their own regions in pursuit of resources , '' british analysts note . 
  `` states such as australia , canada , germany , indonesia , japan , mexico , nigeria , south africa and turkey all look likely to have increasing regional significance . '', 
  australia and canada get along pretty well with the uk . 
  what i mean is that if people are doing mandatory service , they are n't generating tax revenue in whatever else they 'd be doing . 
  do n't get me wrong -- there 's a real place for conscripting people . 
  i 'm just saying that conscription has an opportunity cost , and it may-or-may-not be the most-effective way to improve the military strength of a country . 
  seems like kind of a dick move -- all the adults get to hide their faces and presumably thus identity , but they have the four-year-old barefaced ? 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not saying that there would n't be military merit there , but honestly , would n't it be more efficient to have someone work in their particular specialty , tax them , and use increased taxes to increase budget for the military ? 
  conscription does mean that you 're basically having people do non-specialized labor and giving the proceeds to the state -- probably less of a return than you 'd get from taxing them after doing specialized labor .
