  a nation that invests more than it saves -- the united states , for example -- must import capital from abroad . 
  in other words , it must run a capital account surplus . 
  the imported capital allows the nation 's citizens to consume more goods and services than they produce , importing the difference through a trade deficit . 
    in 1996 americans invested $ 1,117 billion privately and another $ 224 billion through government , for a total of $ 1,341 billion in gross domestic investment . 
  national savings , however , fell short of that amount , requiring americans to import a net $ 133 billion in capital . 
  ( 18 ) that same year americans paid $ 1,238 billion to the rest of the world for imports of goods and services , net transfer payments , and income on foreign investments in the united states , while receiving $ 1,105 billion for exports and investment income . 
  the result was a current account deficit of $ 133 billion , equal to the net inflow of foreign capital . 
  ( 19 )   the transmission belt that links the capital and current accounts is the exchange rate . 
  as more net investment flows into a country , demand rises for the dollars needed to buy u.s. assets . 
  as the dollar grows stronger relative to other currencies , u.s. goods and services become more expensive to foreign consumers , reducing demand , while imports become more affordable to americans . 
  falling exports and rising imports adjust the trade balance until it matches the net inflow of capital . 
  in effect , foreign investors will outbid foreign consumers for limited u.s. dollars until the investors satisfy their demand for u.s. assets . 
  of course , most day-to-day currency transactions are not directly related to trade , but demand for u.s. goods , services , and assets affects demand for the dollars needed to buy them , thus influencing the value of the dollar in global currency markets . 
    germany in the early 1990s offers a case study of how this mechanism works . 
  west germans routinely ran large current account ( and trade ) surpluses in the 1980s , but between 1990 and 1991 germany 's current account flipped from a surplus of 3.2 percent of gross domestic product to a deficit of 1.0 percent . 
  ( 20 ) the reason for the reversal was not that german manufacturers suddenly lost their legendary efficiency , or that germany 's trading partners imposed new and unfair trade barriers on the night of december 31 , 1990 . 
  what caused the switch was the huge increase in domestic investment needed to rebuild formerly communist eastern germany . 
  an increase in domestic investment repatriated a huge amount of german savings that had been flowing abroad , thus reducing the amount of german marks in the foreign currency markets and raising their value relative to other currencies . 
  the stronger mark , in turn , raised the price of german exports and lowered the price of imports , evaporating germany 's trade surplus . 
  this is my ( non-macroeconomist ) understanding : this means that the us can sell large amounts of , say , [ us treasuries while only offering a low real rate ] ( https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/data-chart-center/interest-rates/pages/textview.aspx?data=realyieldall ) ; for example , to china . 
  in turn , that means that the us government can cut taxes . 
  this effectively re-injects real wealth into the economy -- people in the us can , say , start a business , and if the real wealth they are producing outweighs what the us must pay in real terms for access to those resources , the us gains via this . 
  foreign investment is not inherently bad -- ol' eastern poland would like to see some . 
  yes , it does put someone on the hook to need to pay something back , and if the terms are unfavorable ( the us borrows real wealth but does not produce something that lets it gain more-significantly from that real wealth than from the cost ) this is certainly bad for the us -- a step towards a greece scenario , with expensive debts that can not be paid back . 
  but it can also happen when the rest of the world is hell-bent on investing in the us , whether for stability reasons ( china/russia/whatever might have a regime collapse , but the us seems less likely to do so ) or because they have faith in the ability of the us to produce in the business world . 
  same thing as a business floating a corporate bond -- sure , it could be very foolish , if the terms are relatively-bad and it does n't do anything useful with the resources . 
  but if it uses those resources to produce something valuable , it could be a very good move for it . 
   improve [ the us has been running a negative trade balance ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=ustbtot&amp;v=201605110016n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231&amp;h=300&amp;w=600%27%20height=%27300%27%20width=%27600%27%20%20frameborder=%270%27%20scrolling=%27no%27 ) , but why is that a concern for you ? 
  running a negative trade balance is n't an inherent negative . 
  whether he 's right or wrong , i think / u/cs _ thor was only talking about moving away from the euro , not the eu . 
  yes . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21647614-poor-land-use-worlds-greatest-cities-carries-huge-cost-space-and-city  even in these great cities the scarcity is artificial . 
  regulatory limits on the height and density of buildings constrain supply and inflate prices . 
  a recent analysis by academics at the london school of economics estimates that land-use regulations in the west end of london inflate the price of office space by about 800 % ; in milan and paris the rules push up prices by around 300 % . 
  < snip   the costs of this misfiring property market are huge , mainly because of their effects on individuals . 
  high housing prices force workers towards cheaper but less productive places . 
  according to one study , employment in the bay area around san francisco would be about five times larger than it is but for tight limits on construction . 
  tot up these costs in lost earnings and unrealised human potential , and the figures become dizzying . 
  lifting all the barriers to urban growth in america could raise the country 's gdp by between 6.5 % and 13.5 % , or by about $ 1 trillion-2 trillion . 
  it is difficult to think of many other policies that would yield anything like that . 
  in france , there is apparently a single shared portfolio for [ energy minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_minister ) and [ environment minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environment_minister ) . 
  i have n't been following the autism thing , but : https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/10/13/autism-increase-mystery-solved-no-its-not-vaccines-gmos-glyphosate-or-organic-foods/  so what does the latest evidence show ? 
  there now is intriguing evidence that there in fact has been no dramatic rise in autism after all . 
  according to a just-released study , scientists at the aarhus university , in aarhus , denmark assessed more than 670,000 children born between 1980 and 1991 in denmark , following them from their birth until they were diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder , died , emigrated or reached the end of the study period which was december 2011 . 
  among other things , denmark is renowned for its excellent national medical records system , which allowed them to conduct a study of this magnitude and over the extended time span . 
  among the population studied , 4,000 children were diagnosed as being along the autism spectrum and many of these diagnoses were made after 1995 . 
    look at what happened just before that detected increase . 
  tara haelle reports in forbes    in denmark in particular , the diagnostic criteria for autism expanded in 1994 to include a spectrum of disorders with a broader list of symptoms , thereby widening the definition of autism . 
  then in 1995 , national data tracking began to include diagnoses made from outpatient patient visits rather than just diagnoses of those admitted to a healthcare facility . 
  any standards change would presumably be roughly applicable to the us and all eu countries . 
  wikipedia does n't have a rate for denmark , but it does have one for france : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epidemiology_of_autism#france  france made autism the national focus for the year 2012 and the health ministry now evaluates the rate of autism to be 67 per 10000 ( 1 out of 150 ) . 
  [ 51 ] and the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epidemiology_of_autism#united_states  cdc 's most recent estimate is that 1 out of every 68 children , or 14.7 per 1,000 , have some form of asd as of 2010 . 
  [ 38 ] that 's about a factor of two . 
  it looks like a us analysis came to the same conclusion as the denmark analysis :  a further study in 2006 concluded that the apparent rise in administrative prevalence was the result of diagnostic substitution , mostly for findings of mental retardation and learning disabilities . 
  [ 28 ] `` many of the children now being counted in the autism category would probably have been counted in the mental retardation or learning disabilities categories if they were being labelled 10 years ago instead of today , '' said researcher paul shattuck of the waisman center at the university of wisconsin -- madison , in a statement . 
  in the last week , it looks like international news is talking about the fact that the uae just [ commissioned a study to see how viable constructing a mountain to increase rainfall would be ] ( http://www.citylab.com/weather/2016/05/the-united-arab-emirates-needs-more-rain-so-its-building-a-mountain/481440/ ) . 
  while i 've wondered about theoretically doing large-scale weather engineering , some articles have had people commenting that the initial energy requirements are so vastly much greater than just running a desalination plant that it does n't really make sense . 
  ah , well . 
  props , italy . 
  lot of flak has been on here for intelligence and law enforcement not managing to catch people ... well , this is a success story . 
  whether it is or is not low-quality ( i 'm not very concerned about food in the us , having eaten it for a long time ... last time we got in an argument on here , someone said that us wine was of dubious quality , and when i went searching for wine safety issues , the issues referenced online , like the austrian antifreeze scandal , were on the other side of the atlantic ) , it does n't seem to cripple an economy . 
  maybe it would be a bad idea , but that seems like a different point of contention . 
  there will be differences , and i 'm certain that everyone has a degree of suspicion for anything different . 
  in the us , the fda takes a dim view of things that let listeria be transferred , including unpasteurized milk , which is much more-common in europe . 
  similarly , aging cheese on wood does n't meet fda sanitary requirements . 
  both have come up on this forum with people complaining that the fda is trying to be anti-competitive . 
  any time there 's any sort of change to food ( and that includes domestic changes , mind ) , i suspect that a reduction on restrictions bothers people who feel that it 's unsafe , and an increase in restrictions bothers people who feel that it 's anti-competitive . 
  stevia is used as a zero-calorie sweetener in japan , and the us fda had n't approved it as a legal sweetener for a long time ( may still be not approved , at least in its unprocessed form , though one can purchase it as a less-strictly-regulated dietary supplement instead of as a food ) . 
  there was a huge fight from stevia advocates over whether there was a sweetener industry conspiracy to try and keep stevia out of the us . 
  and in each case , an industry that is threatened will put up advertisements , either over protectionism for things not let in , or for food safety for things now let in . 
  in practice , i look at the eu , and people do n't seem to be particularly subject to harm from food there . 
  in some cases , the eu 's going to allow things that the us does n't , and those are outside our norm ... and part of trade negotiations are going to be to establish common ground . 
  when i bought some latvian sprats , someone was off screaming bloody murder on the amazon review page about how the baltic was polluted and how nothing from there was safe . 
  clearly , europe functions about as well as the us does ; people are n't keeling over and dying from eating fish from the baltic . 
  if some safety issue comes up , i 'm sure that regulators will work it out , as nobody wants to eat something unsafe in either place . 
  importing food from mexico has n't resulted in catastrophes in the us , and i imagine that the same is true of importing food from the eu ; i also expect that the same is true in reverse . 
   ttip aims to put inferior food on our markets , and reduce both the amount of protected brands as well as rights they have . 
  the question of pdos is a real one -- europe has established different ip in trademark-like things than the us has . 
  and there 's clearly a zero-sum dispute there -- * someone * gets access to pdo marks . 
  from my standpoint , `` feta '' is a type of cheese ( just like cheddar or provolone or mozzarella ) , not a `` brand '' , and part of ttip is europe-based agriculture trying to get exclusive ownership of valuable generic terms . 
  and , yeah , that sort of thing will have to be normalized for common designations to be established . 
  some folks will wind up unhappy , and some folks will wind up happy , and there 'll be some on both sides of the atlantic over it . 
  but it hardly seems like a fundamental issue , either -- for any pdos that take effect over here , it means that agriculture over here has to start building some new brand , and for any that do n't , it means that agriculture over there has to arrange for a trademark of some form . 
  but , again , does n't seem like something that would cripple an economy . 
  the net benefit in terms of [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) from increased trade is what i 'm most-interested in taking advantage of ; any pdo issues are kinda secondary to that . 
  this same process also had to happen in europe to establish common trade between countries ( and , i imagine , to a greater degree ) . 
  some companies benefited , some lost , some restrictions were loosened , and some tightened . 
  in the long term , if something became an issue , it 'd get addressed . 
  ( a ) neither participating in iraq nor aiding in extraordinary rendition post-9 / 11 of these seem to involve a reduction of sovereignty . 
  that is , a country seems to have the same degree of sovereignty afterwards as before . 
  ( b ) i do n't see how either of these involved selling ( well , maybe intelligence agencies traded favors , but i do n't see how there was someone personally profiting ) . 
  ( c ) i 'm assuming , for the gas deal , that you 're referring to the shift of ukraine out of the eu trade agreement and into a trade agreement with russia with the goal of keeping ukraine away from the eu . 
  while i am hardly going to defend russia on the point and agree that , in practice , the leadership almost assuredly profited , i still do n't think that this caused ukraine to be [ less of a sovereign power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westphalian_sovereignty ) : sovereign states cut deals with each other all the time , including within the eu , and russia was simply trying to be the high bidder . 
  the later invasion of crimea and donbas certainly did violate ukraine 's sovereignty , but that seems like a different ( albeit a related ) matter . 
  do you have a reference to the glue case that you 're describing , like a name ? 
  how do you think that trade with the us cripples the eu economy ? 
   background of immigration `` every generation , they keep crossing that border again . '', 
   waiting for all facts realistically , that 's kind of an ill-defined standard . 
  you 'd never know that some new revelation could n't be around the corner . 
  granted , after a week , there will be more material than news on the same day , but `` all '' facts is a pretty tough requirement .
