  [ 32 ] i remember it being a big deal , because pg&e was going to be required to go over a bunch of their * other * pipeline as well as a result of this . 
   no , france demands that you bow to the french justice system on french soil . 
  perhaps the french justice system should not claim jurisdiction to block the american justice system over crimes committed on american soil . 
  the man raped a child in the united states . 
  france merely rewards him because he managed to escape . 
  not because france believes that he is innocent , but because france finds it convenient to provide a loophole . 
  you know very well what the appropriate thing to do is , and this is why you extradite to other countries in the eu . 
   heck , you claim so much power that you 're ready to invade netherlands if an american citizen will face the international criminal court . 
  that was political posturing , and you know it . 
  france is * actively doing this now * , actively-shielding criminals of french nationality who have fled to france from around the world , some who have performed rather unpleasant crimes . 
  nope . 
  and that area had seen many earthquakes over the years . 
  iirc it was corrosion . 
   you know how the us can claim jurisdiction over any crime that involves even us property , like the dollar ? 
  that does n't seem to be an accurate representation of what the page says . 
  rather , it says that if you use a bank to commit fraud and * that * bank uses another service to transfer funds as part of your transfer and * that * service is subject to us law , then because the dollars you are involving a financial service that is subject to us law , it 's applicable . 
  it 's not bound to the currency as such . 
   well then if a crime involves a french person , the french claim jurisdiction . 
  many times they can not apply it , but in certain cases they can , for example if a french person committed a crime abroad . 
  i think that this is an unwise approach . 
  it means that the sensible thing would be for other countries outside the eu to hold any arrested french citizen without bail ( or at least without an option to leave the country ) until the legal process is completed , so that they can not abuse this mechanism to escape justice . 
  for example , would we have needed to hold strauss-kahn under house arrest , had france been willing to extradite based on us findings ? 
   if you americans convict a french citizen into the electric chair but in france we do n't have the death penalty , why should we send you our citizens to be killed ? 
  if the french citizen committed the crime in the us ? 
  yes . 
  what makes it special that he happened to escape after committing the crime versus not escape ? 
  you travel to a country , you are choosing to subject yourself to that country 's laws . 
  the only purpose of refusing to extradite after committing the crime would be to encourage attempts at escape . 
  apparently so . 
  only exception would be certain crimes in other eu members . 
  https://www.loc.gov/law/help/extradition-of-citizens/chart.php  france : only allowed within the framework of the eaw decision for otherwise qualifying offenses committed in the requesting member state of the european union country . 
  in such cases , judges should grant extradition if the requesting country has a reciprocity process with france and if , in the case of sentencing to a penalty involving deprivation of liberty , the citizen can serve the sentence in france . 
  in addition , france would have to exercise criminal jurisdiction over an equivalent offense . 
  i guess that you 're saying that maybe many women would be single and be paying for raising the kid alone ? 
  kuwait and european countries both have child support laws . 
  if it were n't for patrick stewart , * i * could have been captain of the * enterprise * . 
   in the us , he 's an immigrant so he is an immigrant taking a local job . 
  i 'm suspicious that the set of people running around worried about jobs and the set of people who are being picked to be fox news commentators do n't have much overlap , though . 
  it did n't say `` do n't build a wall on the border '' . 
  it said `` build a wall around trump '' . 
  i 'd imagine that we could build both . 
  yes , that 's generally the purpose of political demonstrations . 
  does n't mean that it 's not justified or a good idea . 
  it 's an interesting idea . 
  the news media certainly does highlight a lot of things that are not actually threats to us . 
  it 'd be interesting to see what the correlation between mass media usage and tfr is . 
  maybe . 
  iq is also correlated with income , so if one is correlated with fertility , you 'd expect both to be even if that 's only due to correlation with the other factor . 
  would be interesting to find which of the two has a higher-degree of correlation with fertility . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fertility_and_intelligence  recent research has shown that education and socioeconomic status are better indicators of fertility and suggests that the relationship between intelligence and number of children may be spurious . 
  when controlling for education and socioeconomic status , the relationship between intelligence and number of children , intelligence and number of siblings , and intelligence and ideal number of children reduces to statistical insignificance . 
  that 'd seem to be an argument that it 's income and education that are the more-interesting factors , not iq . 
   because its too expensive . 
  if that 's is the the cause , that children are unaffordable , you 'd expect income and tfr to be positively-correlated , including for groups within countries . 
  instead , [ they are negatively-correlated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_and_fertility ) : the more income someone has , the fewer children they tend to have . 
  one problem is that `` communal childrearing '' has been tried before , without a lot of success . 
  that does n't mean that it ca n't be done , but there has n't been much by way of large-scale , long-term success . 
  israel 's [ * kibbutzim * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibbutz#children ) , communes , were such an effort , and despite the efforts of the people running them , communal childrearing died out :  when the first children were born at the kibbutz there were inevitably some ethical dilemmas that needed to be solved . 
  one of these was that the kibbutz was striving for equality , including the equality of the sexes . 
  women were only seen as separate because they gave birth to children , automatically tying them to the domestic sphere . 
  in order to liberate women and promote gender equality , they could not be tied to solely domestic duties and child care giving . 
  the kibbutz wanted to give women the opportunity to continue their work in the agricultural sector and industrial sector . 
  [ 24 ] as such , `` communal education is the first step towards woman 's liberation . '', 
  chayuta bussel   along with gender equality , the issue of parenting under the communal way of life was a concern . 
  the parental tendency is to view the child as a personal possession and to dominate them . 
  the founding members of the kibbutz agreed that this was not conducive to community life . 
  they also thought it was selfish of parents to want to control their children and that this did not give room for the child to grow as their own person . 
  [ 24 ]   to solve these issues the founders created the communal children 's houses , where the children would spend most of their time ; learning , playing and sleeping . 
  parents spent 3 to 4 hours a day in the afternoon with their children after work and before dinner . 
  [ 23 ]   collective child rearing was also a way to escape the patriarchal society that the founders came from . 
  children would not be dependent on their fathers economically , socially , legally or otherwise and this would eliminate the father 's authority and uproot the patriarchy . 
  [ 25 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibbutz_communal_child_rearing_and_collective_education  the kibbutzim evolved and since the mid-1950s and much more so since the 1970s education was very much influenced by the changes . 
  people on the kibbutzim wanted their children to live at home and not in the children 's house so communal sleeping arrangements were brought to an end . 
  [ 9 ]   standardization of teaching methods and introducing examinations to kibbutz schools did away with multi-disciplinary learning . 
  many of the young generation born on the kibbutz left for the big cities so the kibbutzim population shrank and aged . 
  many kibbutzim went through a process of privatization . 
  higher education became prevalent together with a decrease in the prominence of agriculture . 
  [ 10 ]   all these and other reasons caused the collectivism to deteriorate and individualism to win over . 
  this put an end to collective education . 
  i do n't really see how your response is very related to what / u/thewimsey wrote . 
  too many people . 
  wo n't work . 
  not going to take a shot at genetic engineering in agriculture while you 're at it ? 
  maybe . 
  trump never promised much in concrete terms . 
  a wall ... already got that . 
  he 'll do some more construction . 
  `` jobs '' ... that 's a perception of what things are like . 
  he 's been tweeting claims of having generated jobs in the us since the election , not even waiting for taking the office . 
  the concerns that people have : islamic terrorism , jobs , border control ... they 're more a question of managing perceptions than in doing anything specific . 
  trump 's enjoyed a lot of decadence in his life , bit the `` blowjob in the oval office '' has been barred to him until this point . 
  maybe a bit longer . 
  hooray !, 
  well , that establishes it . 
  the holocaust was n't a thing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income ppp-adjusted median gross household income will account for that : kuwait : $ 40,854 higher than all european countries except luxembourg , norway , sweden , and denmark . 
  of the big four economies : germany : $ 33,333 uk : $ 31,617 france : $ 30,364 italy : $ 20,085, 
  gas line incidents are very rare , but they have happened . 
  seven years ago , the san francisco bay had a major gas fire off a distribution line . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvtnvygj0h8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h60mlmbv9eg,
