    benjamin latrobe ( 1764 -- 1820 ) and his students william strickland ( 1788 -- 1854 ) and robert mills ( 1781 -- 1855 ) obtained commissions to build some banks and churches in the big cities ( philadelphia , baltimore and washington , dc ) . 
    some state capitol buildings adopted the greek revival style such as in north carolina ( capitol building in raleigh , rebuilt in 1833 -- 1840 after a fire ) or in indiana ( capitol building in indianapolis ) . 
  one later example of these is the ohio state capitol in columbus , designed by henry walters and completed in 1861 . 
  the simple fa\u00e7ade , continuous cornice and the absence of a dome give the impression of the austerity and greatness of the building . 
  it has a very symmetrical design and houses the supreme court and a library . 
  the thing that 's a bit funny is that we did n't know until more-recently that greek temples and other buildings ( and statues , actually ) were [ actually painted . 
  ] ( https://io9.gizmodo.com/5616498/ultraviolet-light-reveals-how-ancient-greek-statues-really-looked ) so we adopted this cold , pure , white style that had never existed in history because we 'd thought that that 's what things looked like back when . 
  culture 's a funny thing . 
  yes . 
  but impeachment is very different from a vote of no confidence . 
  it requires the president to have broken the law . 
  the republicans tried airing bill clinton 's dirty sexual laundry , and forced him to testify about it to the senate . 
  he committed perjury here , lying about his blowjob under oath . 
  that 's a crime . 
  if he had said `` monica sucked me off and it was glorious '' instead , they could n't have done anything ( other than trying to make him unpopular with social conservatives ) . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't means to get influence . 
  congress can trade votes on things the president wants for presidential action . 
  congress can shut down non-essential portions of the federal government once a year by refusing to approve the president 's requested budget -- no money to pay the vast armies of people under you , kinda limits you . 
  but , really , the president has to answer to the public every four years , and that 's his real constraint . 
  he 's got a lot of scope in those four years to do whatever he wants , no matter how unpopular . 
  most congressional control over foreign affairs is just choosing to ratify or not ratify new treaties that the president has negotiated , and needing to approve war ( though in many ways , that power has been weakened over time , with the president taking many global military actions without career-risking declarations of war from congress ) . 
  there are a couple of possible direct actions . 
  i 'm not sure how far congress can go in legislating direct presidential action . 
  the [ war powers resolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_powers_resolution ) may or may not be constitutional -- not sure that it 's ever been challenged to the supreme court -- but it pertains to a congressional authority , the issue to * authorize * war . 
  i do n't think that congress could block treaty withdrawal without a violation of separation of powers . 
  finally , three-quarters of the states can always exercise the nuclear option , amending the constitution . 
  that can do anything , including eliminating the office of president or the institution of congress or whatever , and the presidency has no control over that process ( nor does any of the federal government , if a constitutional convention is used ) . 
  however , that is a very high bar to meet , and one that we rarely meet , and to date , such amendments have always been of a form intending to permanently address a flaw in the makeup of the us , not to simply address a short-term issue . 
  also , cultural assimilation seems to be way less of an explicitly-addressed issue here . 
  i mean , people do n't use the term `` multiculturalism '' or `` assimilation '' in the mainstream political discussion . 
  people would be less likely to suggest that the government try to shape culture , i think . 
  we did n't have that whole world war ii holocaust business , which i understand was the catalyst for the elimination of the death penalty in europe . 
   in germany the far-right * is * on the rise , fair enough . 
   more than it has ever been , no . 
  so far , he 's volunteered to mediate between may and trump and to be our ambassador to the eu . 
  not really high on my list of concerns . 
  ghostwriter number one or ghostwriter number two ? 
  exercises are n't incompatible with neutrality . 
  thanks , but i 'm afraid we are n't doing a very good job of living up to that trust at the moment . 
   i doubt the status quo for american military alliances will change under donald . 
  the us president actually does n't have very big legislative power to overturn nato or anything . 
  he does n't need it , afaik . 
  the president dominates foreign policy in the us . 
  the checks and balances mostly deal with internal matters . 
  trump could n't establish a new treaty without ratification , but he could withdraw over any amount of congressional opposition . 
  bush withdrew from the [ anti-ballistic missile treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile_treaty ) without congressional involvement . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2001/allpolitics/12/13/rec.bush.abm/  the president of the united states has executive authority to negotiate or withdraw the united states from treaties without seeking congressional approval . 
  the senate has authority only to ratify treaties . 
  --  plus i doubt the war hawks in the republican party want to overturn 60 years of the most powerful military alliance in history . 
  if he hypothetically strongly wanted to do so , he could do so even if every legislator from every party were opposed . 
  the republican party has no direct control over trump once he wins the general election . 
  it 's not like a parliamentary system , where you have the no-confidence vote and the party runs things . 
  the president can be advised or convinced , but it 's ultimately him in control . 
   trump supporters would be under putin 's desk giving him sloppy toppy in a heartbeat if they could . 
  i think that for the bulk of trump supporters ( hell , for most americans ) , that domestic issues dominate foreign issues in importance . 
   then to the fact those voters are the core of american pacifism and isolationism ( it was the part of the country opposed to entering the ii ww , for example ) mmmmm ... i dunno . 
  that 's also [ the core of the country 's german-american population . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_americans ) might be more not wanting to fight germany than particularly pacifist in general . 
  france is on par with the uk in military size . 
  and some countries , like greece , are paying more than their share . 
  you 're right that the the 2 % permits for countries to still be ineffectual . 
  however , it is a globally-reasonable baseline , and ensures that they have to go out of their way to make their militaries ineffective , rather than simply treating the military budget as a pocketbook to pull from whenever they want to spend on something else . 
  i do n't think that nato should mandate specifics of spending . 
  that 's abusable , takes control away from individual countries that does n't need to be taken ( france and the uk and turkey have different military goals in mind ) . 
  however , national defense is one of the classic public goods , and without some requirement to fund a military , it will indeed hit the [ free-rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) . 
  note that this is not just nato . 
  the eu presently has the same issue , as it can not compel military funding , but has shared security concerns . 
  portugal does n't care about the baltics to the degree that the baltics do , so it does the rational thing and cuts spending . 
  that leaves a few border states and a few `` good actors '' who keep funding a military holding the bag . 
  the us has most military funding being federal to avoid exactly this problem . 
  if a free-rider problem exists , there are two things a rational actor can do : * free-ride , ultimately letting the system break down as all members do this . 
  * sit down with the other members and establish a requirement to all fund the resource . 
  this eliminates the free-rider situation . 
  nato 's proposal to establish a 2 % minimum was , i think , the right thing to do . 
  however , the agreement was made without a mechanism to deal with members not reaching that target . 
  in practice , across the board , almost all members did the rational thing and cut their own funding -- no one individual made much of a difference , and that one individual could spend the money on something else . 
  it turns out that a goodwill approach did not work for ensuring those minimums over the past decade . 
  so ... something 's got ta be done . 
  if that eu army that some people on here like talking about goes through , it 's going to have the exact same problem to solve . 
  tell trump , not me . 
  i 'm assuming that he views a unified europe as a persistent long-term threat to the uk , assuming that the uk is n't a member ( which he 's unwilling to do , apparently ) . 
  same idea as putin with russia , i suppose . 
  i really wish that cameron and merkel had been able to work something out . 
  would have been a very different political environment in europe today . 
  i kind of wish that someone from europe other than farage had established connections with trump . 
  we built [ greek architecture buildings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jefferson_memorial#/media/file:jefferson_memorial_at_dusk_1.jpg ) in chilly , rainy washington dc , because democracy . 
   throw them out of nato , * there 's no mechanism to kick members out of nato . 
  * militarily , the eu and turkey both have good reason to want to be allied . 
  * the eu already has a lot of significant problems that it 's working on . 
  thus far , only the financial crisis was really resolved . 
  does the eu have the political capital to be applying pressure to russia , turkey , dealing with the brexit , deal with the migrant crisis , n addressing internal euroskeptic movements , and whatever may be required to deal with major policy shifts from trump ? 
  might be better to keep your powder dry for more-significant concerns . 
  long before you start killing people , it 'd make sense to just set up detention camps and withdraw from the refugee convention . 
  that 'd be a dramatic move , but less dramatic than just killing people . 
  thus far , your leaders have felt that there are less-drastic alternatives to even that . 
   and noone will be even able to name 3 of these elements . 
  when those styles were developed , would the wealthy patrons involved have known much about the details ? 
  you know , every time i see one of the things he builds , it reminds me of this * snow crash * quote :  it 's like something on the top floor of a luxury high-rise casino in atlantic city , where they put semi-retarded adults from south philly after they 've blundered into the mega-jackpot . 
  it 's got everything that a dimwitted pathological gambler would identify with luxury : gold-plated fixtures , lots of injection-molded pseudomarble , velvet drapes , and a butler . 
  edit : huh .
