wtf !, 
  and here i was thinking that i was helping !, 
  apologies , turned out well in the end . 
  i enjoyed vandalising it !, 
  * ( the uk flag ), 
  you 'd be right in that bet , got to keep standards up , 
  you would n't want a united ireland , and independent scotland and wales in the eu ? 
  i 'm not saying it 'll be easy , but i think we 'll get there . 
  * eventually !, 
  we will be back , my european friends !, 
  pembroke , pembrokeshire , is twinned with pembroke , malta ; which makes sense when you think about it . 
  i love europe !, 
  wales will get there eventually , until then be patient with us !, 
  it is now , but it has n't always been the case . 
  cornwall and the cornish were recorded as a separate nation and people , and their language belongs to them , not england . 
  it 's a language of cornwall , england has no part in it . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , i like you too . 
  er , no it 's not , it 's a brythonic language of pre-england britain . 
  even if another word of cornish is never spoken again , it 's part of their history , and thus their culture . 
  cornish is n't an english language , and is undeniably a part of cornish culture . 
  when will i learn ? 
  never annoy a reisl\u00e4ufer . 
  they 've got you beat in chocolate though ... 
  i 'd like to see all primary schools in wales , scotland , ireland and cornwall be bilingual . 
  belgium has three souls !, 
  the execution of 500 welsh poets by the king of england is n't the type of thing you learn in the british school system !, 
  it is n't taught . 
  i 'm just interested in welsh history and european culture . 
  and i love football if it 's that that you meant . 
  moved cus he was n't keen on the view of the steelworks . 
  yes , you are profoundly stupid . 
  happy national holiday hungary !, 
  thank you for the [ `` bards of wales '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_bards_of_wales ) , and the magical magyars !, 
  even so , they were equal parts of the kingdom were n't they ? 
  portugal was n't a dominion of brazil . 
  you 'll be welcome in cymru !, 
  / u/portuga has summed it up well just above , and ` purportedly ' means ` not necessarily true ' , and ` well in ' means ` well done ' . 
  i went to watch portimonense v benfica in portim\u00e3o , the last time i was in portugal , and the crowd was overwhelmingly supporters of benfica , which disappointed me as a fan of a lower league ( welsh ) club in the english system . 
  as far as i remember , they were n't ruled * by * brazil , they were an equal part of the united kingdom of portugal , algarve * and * brazil , with the royal court actually being in brazil on account of napoleon and his invading most of europe schtick . 
  ca n't you see i 'm grieving !, 
   * i 'm still at stage 1 , denial . 
  purportedly named after a celtic deity ( well in , portugal ) . 
  heavily involved in world exploration and colonisation . 
  guttural language , even brazilians think you should open your mouths !, 
  great food , drink and people , they love their football , even if they 've never really played wales ... 
  that 's the dream . 
  ca n't hear you crawling on the floor there . 
  if we 're being honest neither can hold a candle to the super furries . 
  it wo n't be forever friend !, 
  i 'm on a one man mission to sour english public opinion towards wales !, 
  tea is shite , oasis are wank . 
  hands off the dragon , and the rest , just kick us out , you do n't even like us anyway . 
  they might not , but tough titties !, 
   her majesty what a lick-spittle . 
  her name 's betty and she 's a human like anybody else . 
  it would n't be an anglo-welsh * uk * , it 'd be the kingdom of england * plus * wales , if we even get mentioned at all . 
  * also , ulster , only until they join ireland . 
  c'mon scotland , you can do it . 
  d. i. s. c. o. 
  thanks for the support . 
  you can do your bit , write to your mp , tell them you do n't want your taxes going to wales . 
  and 44 % want more powers devolved , which is n't looking likely with a post-brexit power-grabby westminter . 
  things change , and you 've always got to start from somewhere . 
  gaun scotland , show cymru the way !, 
  well , somehow i doubt the battenberg 's will give up their gains in the face of these claims . 
  two americans of welsh heritage have publicly claimed to be [ king ] ( http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/man-who-claiming-king-wales-12684514 ) of [ wales ] ( http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/rival-king-wales-claim-throne-12687957 ) . 
  edward and ethelfleda did not conquer any of modern day wales , edward died fighting a mercian , and welsh backed , rebellion . 
  you wo n't like my plan for independence then . 
  i 'm going to apply to putin for funding , and then run a social media campaign under various pseudonyms , ( john smith , geoff custard , keith saddle , that sort of thing ) agitating that wales does n't pay it 's way , and that the land of hope and * tories would be better off rid . 
  get it in the mail , will of the people , and then no more westminster ( for us at least ) !, 
  do n't tell anyone about it !, 
  good old punitive laws !, 
  did n't work , we 're still here !, 
  alfred did n't conquer wales , as far as i 'm aware he did n't even fight a battle in wales . 
  it was the normans and plantagenets over a few centuries , plus a lot of castles , that did that . 
  being formally annexed to the crown of england does n't mean that wales * became a part of the country of england . 
  against the football losers of belgium no less !, 
   total football losers . 
  cough ... cough ... cruyff robson kanu . 
  aye , it 's rubbish . 
  being subject to the same laws and whatever european royal family you lot were worshipping did n't make wales part of england . 
  the union flag being a combination of the st. george 's cross and the st. andrew 's saltire and st. patrick 's saltire , the logical thing to do would be to add the [ st. david 's ( patron saint of wales ) cross ] ( https://imgur.com/a/0x3mf ) , remember seeing it [ mocked up ] ( https://imgur.com/a/ld3ub ) this way , a few years ago . 
  please !, 
  stop !, 
  oh , the humanity !, 
  that 's fine with me , the butchers can keep their apron !, 
  you 've summarised it well . 
  i 'll add that 0.6 % of the population , the fucking landed gentry , own 50 % of the land . 
  so it does , my mistake . 
  i was using the royal we and us . 
  he was vetted as a prisoner of war by the authorities , and my grandfather had no reason or need to question him otherwise . 
  brexit will likely prove how insignificant wales is to westminster , and an 80k majority wo n't count for much when wales is left to rack and ruin . 
  i 'm just passing on what i was told . 
  as i 've alluded to he was a difficult and troubled man , he told us he was lithuanian and was forced to fight for the nazi 's , and we accepted that as fact . 
  yes , because everything always stays the same forever . 
  i 'll always look to ireland for inspiration , unfortunately it 's not me that needs convincing !, 
  i am working on it . 
  oh it 's that clear cut ? 
  he told us he was lithuanian , and so to us that 's what he was .
