  i do n't give a shit about gold or upvotes , and i am not lying . 
  one day , my friend . 
  a ruinous brexit might just focus minds ... 
  all of the baltics are an inspiration to me as a welsh nationalist , something to aspire to . 
  no , not much use in [ my neck of the woods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_england_beyond_wales ) , plus he struggled enough with english !, 
  no , apparently he had a few relationships ( before my time ) , but he was a difficult person who struggled with mental issues throughout his life . 
  he was happy enough going to church , working , living in peace , and being a de facto member of our family . 
  it 'd be a uk citizen as sadly wales is n't a sovereign state , but no , apparently the subject was broached a few times but he just was n't interested . 
  he was near traumatised living under soviet and then nazi occupations , as well as his experiences on the western front , and did not want to return to live under soviet rule again . 
  he also had the security of a job , a home , and a quiet life here in rural wales . 
  * edited after talking to my dad about it . 
  we had a few italians that stayed on after the war too , they invited their families over , and the wives taught my grandmother to make pasta !, 
  only the lithuanian stayed his whole life here though , i can remember being pushed around the farm in his wheelbarrow . 
  my family farm in south west wales housed prisoners of war during ww2 , including a lithuanian forced to fight for the nazis who surrendered to the allies at the first opportunity . 
  he stayed and worked at our farm until his death in the * mid nineties . 
  we 've a cottage on the farm that was his , and is now named for him and the country of his birth . 
  sorry i was n't clear , reformed christianity aka calvinism , rather than lutheranism , as you 've identified . 
  hard not to repeat whats already been said , so ... if the pope and that is not quite your bag then reformed christianity took root in geneva and is commemorated in the [ reformation wall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reformation_wall ) ; if the pope and that are your bag then the [ pontifical swiss guard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pontifical_swiss_guard ) are the pope 's bodyguards . 
  * the smoke in ` smoke on the water ' by deep purple was a montreux casino burning down , during a frank zappa show and via an errant flare , on the shore of lake geneva . 
  what has happened to the ` what do you know about ( insert european country here ) ' series ? 
  lumping us in with england will do it . 
  damn ye whoever made this map !, 
  it 's not just the english immigrants , although the vast majority of those are anti anything that differentiates wales from england , a significant and vocal minority of welshmen are against the assembly too . 
  bonkers really , we 've centuries of westminster only rule to recall , and it 's hardly a record of glittering administration . 
  i would support it too . 
  i was posting only to wind up rule britannia types , but ca n't disagree with all of what you 've said . 
  cornwall is a good example to wales , and to a lesser extent scotland , of what will happen if we do n't support our national institutions , complete assimilation . 
  cornwall is not england , it 's cornwall or kernow . 
  he did give you the example , only fair . 
  the [ polish legions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_legions_ ( napoleonic_period ) are interesting . 
  big fans of napoleon if i remember rightly . 
  * love their football , and in my experience , wonderful people . 
  well , that 's macabre . 
  they might , although 40 years of rolling back the state , and selling off the rest , might just help buck the trend . 
  amen to that . 
  the grey vote that carried this result will be mostly be dead by then . 
  ignore it , they 're just a wanker . 
  rule britanna, 
  1984 is preferable to the eu ? 
  what histrionics . 
  i 'll speak for the rest of the world in saying , no , we do n't fear you ; but whatever gets you through the day . 
  it was a little joke , hence the disclaimer , as ` strange gibberish ' is the commonly held view of welsh in the english speaking world . 
  you 're familiar with cymraeg then ? 
  disclaimer * it 's really a beautiful language . 
  i was n't being serious . 
  thanks for the moules-frites , and beer !, 
  cultural sensitivity across the continent !, 
  stone the crows !, 
  so i see . 
  indeed . 
  tory fitzwankers ever since . 
  first the brexit vote , now this . 
  we 're not all bad europe . 
  aye , and cornwall too . 
  dim problem . 
  the flemish also colonised pembrokeshire , south west wales , in the 12th century , at the invitation of the norman king of england , henry i. 
  via a frontier of 50 castles and strongholds , the county was split between the flemish/english speaking arable farmland of the south , and the welsh speaking rougher ground of the mountainous north . 
  this linguistic divide is prevalent to this day , and the flemish influence is still visible in place names such as wiston , lord wizo 's town , and letterston , letard litelking 's town . 
  wales and wallonia share the same root , the germanic walha , meaning strangers or foreigners . 
  bloody cheeky saxons !, 
  hahaha , good . 
  indeed , and what a potent mix it is :p, 
   the galicians are ** long lost ** celts ** long lost . 
  long lost . 
  long lost . 
  ** and there 's enough of a celtic legacy in north-west iberia that galicia and asturias were recognised as celtic nations by the celtic league in 1986 , although this was controversial and eventually rescinded . 
  i meant long-lost , as in that the celtic influence has been superseded more so than in the other celtic nations . 
  and yes , my apologies to celtic asturians . 
  the galicians are long lost celts , and they have amazing seafood . 
  celtiberians and celtic welsh are similarly swarthy . 
  a good number of welsh volunteers , mostly communist miners although not entirely , fought fascist spain , italy and germany in the spanish civil war . 
  i love the basques , and their pintxos . 
  ahhh so you are aware , thank christ for that !, 
  it 's a geographical term !, 
  jesus would n't approve . 
  fc vaduz play in the swiss football leagues . 
  the most common surname in wales is jones , smith is 12th . 
  i did n't say they caused the financial crash , and was only having a joke anyway ; nonetheless , noted !, 
  the althing , iceland 's parliament , was founded in 930 ; clearly the experience has stood them in good stead as they jailed their bankers following the financial crash of 2008 . 
  [ the sagas of icelanders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sagas_of_icelanders ) are awesome . 
  it was a norwegian and danish dependency for centuries and centuries , taking its total independence in 1944 , while the country was an allied base . 
  they beat the uk in the cod wars , and the english at euro 2016 !, 
  no ta . 
  fucking hilarious that was . 
  lol, 
  juries are a joke mun . 
  well , that dutch chap is in love with his dog . 
  what 's the deal with the aussies ? 
  wtf were they ? 
  where are israel going ? 
  you are deviousness . 
  onions !, 
  danger zone !, 
  yodelayeee, 
  i 've been waiting all this time for ` my lovely horse ' , and they 're not in it ? 
  nil points !, 
  neigh . 
  i heard ` cement mixer ' at one point . 
  i did mean everything to this point , but them dutch were truly awful . 
  it 's all so awful , thank god for scotch and the internet .
