  note how most of them vote for labor . 
  unfortunately , this does not change the fact that they will go underground , opting for botched operations . 
  these communities will refuse to eschew such an integral tradition - that is , to their culture - that they will rather opt to circumvent the law and continue said practices . 
  the government can regulate . 
  in this instance , it 's necessary . 
  you ca n't secularise these groups instantly , and it requires deep thought on their part . 
  instantaneous bans will lead to increased pain and suffering . 
  so whilst it pains me to say it , i ca n't support a ban on what is a great incursion on human rights : circumcision . 
  i have argued about this on a hobby subreddit , / r/mhoc . 
  simply put , this is a practice too ingrained to root . 
  it is integral to the jewish and muslim communities . 
  whilst legal , circumcision can be regulated . 
  but as soon as it becomes illegal , it * will * go underground , and procedures will become dangerous , incurring the risk of complications . 
  by keeping circumcision legal , we minimise distress and suffering . 
  these communities will not appreciate big government . 
  they will find covert means . 
  i say this as a social liberal and i say this as someone who has undergone the procedure unwillingly . 
  it is better to have one evil than one huge evil . 
  agreed, 
  i hope so :-), 
  other countries do this . 
  firstly , it 's england , and secondly , that 's a bit rude . 
  i 'd rather leave the eu on my own accord , rather than leave on someone else 's will ; i 'm certain scottish people feel the same ; i want to stay in a reformed eu and i do n't want to be forced otherwise . 
  was at -1, 
  i like how i 'm being downvoted for being optimistic :p, 
  it is a little excessive and probably not what we should be asking for . 
  good news . 
  hopefully we will stay in europe . 
  we are n't affected by these migrants . 
  i am not . 
  i am talking about geography , not cultural values . 
  i hope that this has allayed your concerns . 
  the sources above , clearly . 
  sorry , what is the context of this comment ? 
  take it up with the people who decided these things :p, 
  yeah and it 's defined as a transcontinental country . 
  sure it is , and it 's a part of greece so people call it europe . 
  cyprus is , geographically , not in europe . 
  ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/2013/mar/28/is-cyprus-a-country ) , [ 2 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/europe_asia_transcontinental.png ) ) and whilst it might look elementary , [ 3 . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sdhvvx5.png ) you are talking from a cultural viewpoint - nobody else is . 
  cyprus is in no way geographically europe . 
  it is far , far closer to asia minor . 
  precisely . 
  no , cyprus is in asia . 
  both . 
  but if they want to be eurobros , they 're our eurobros . 
  but hurr durr this is an evil idea . 
  unfortunately , you 're true , and i 'm saying that as a moderate . 
  we are going through piecemeal federalisation . 
  this is what happens with piecemeal federalisation . 
  either federalise or do n't federalise ; this is just dumb . 
  poland is n't fucking kibera , nairobi or something . 
  it 's sad because you 're right . 
  like in yorkshire , if i recall correctly ? 
  which would not pass a referendum ( apart from in nationalist regions like cornwall ), 
  his polls might be more than 30 % for a while . 
  huffpo does not meet my reliable source criteria . 
  what do you expect from this sub ? 
  hear hear, 
  plurality systems give strong government . 
  personally i 'd prefer ams . 
  you 're not allowed to make jokes back, 
  only to shut up the lds and get the centre vote, 
  i 'd vote for you . 
  make sure to be in alde or ecr though . 
  preferably alde . 
  he is being misrepresentative . 
   perhaps it 's just the old and conservative now , but before that it was definitely their ( grand ) parents too . 
  there is no ` tyranny of the majority ' when it comes to views on the eu . 
  generalisations , generalisations . 
  ` love it ' is definitely one of them . 
  even if a plurality of young people are in favour of staying , with a large amount disliking the eu , the notion that young people simply love the eu is idiotic , misrepresentative and somewhat reeks of bias . 
  it 's 50/50 . 
  people dislike the eu because of inefficiency , unaccountability and bureaucracy . 
  but most britons support the idea of european spirit . 
  personally i 'm split on the issue , and i 'm probably going to be a eurosceptic on the #voteyes side of the campaign . 
  thank you very much . 
  the ukip ones over here basically say that they 'll vote against things like removing fop , etc. 
  i hope that they keep to their word . 
  my tory meps do n't seem to do anything , apart from one who sent me an email back . 
  i only have 1 labour mep , and they did n't reply either . 
  sadly , that 's exactly the website that i checked . 
  it might take a few days until the votes are posted . 
  i 'm going to read how my meps voted , because i wrote to them . 
  exactly what i was going to write ... damn . 
  according to the article , we 're also spending # 730 million on renewable energy projects . 
  i hope that my government sticks to this . 
  we ca n't say `` climate change is a problem '' if we 're not being proactive in trying to stop it . 
  yet he called him a drunkard , i believe ... 
  and his foreign policy , which is actually the worst part . 
  `` maga '' means allowing russia to terrorise everybody . 
  i swear that was n't intentional . 
  try living near `` cockfosters '' for six years . 
  i 've been thinking about this for a few days . 
  thank you for the opportunity . 
  :-) question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | england , uk . 
  what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | english . 
  what is your usual timezone ?
