they truly are stereotypical . 
  being downvoted for what , having a contrary opinion ? 
  racism or what ? 
  the tories are close to the centre socially , lmao, 
  expected, 
  congrats denmark , you 're making a stereotype . 
  we 've already got one - do n't do it . 
  i have a bad feeling that fringe politics will make gains in september . 
   sweden knew it, 
  you mean tree quiddy . 
  we 'll give you # 3, 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  some parts are a lot richer than others . 
  if this was on nuts regions some parts would be dark blue and others dark red, 
  estonia can into nordic now ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  i do n't like sweden particularly . 
  northern probably, 
  i do n't have problems with people on ethnic lines . 
  i hate their leaders , and i hate their militaries, 
  whoops , you meant the independent greeks . 
  i completely misread that, 
  what a piece of ... 
  exactly what this guy said . 
  it 's all loans . 
  yeah , my brother 's zezima and works at runescape ( we live in ~ ~ lum ~ ~ cambridge ) . 
  gf reported, 
  god , it 's an anti-western circlejerk . 
  if they 're ever going to be elected again ? 
  next month will decide whether grexit happens or not . 
  all religions ... ? 
  needs to be something better . 
  like religionism , but actually a succinct and actual word . 
  bigotry sounds about right . 
  religionism needs to be a word though :p, 
  i 'm aware . 
  what 's the word for it ? 
  i 'm ok with being against terrorism . 
  i 'm not ok with blatant racism, 
  i 'm sorry that you guys have to put up with it :(, 
  that 's really stupid . 
  they are everywhere . 
  vote sd to get rid of the immigrant teletubbies !, 
  never heard of this in the united kingdom . 
  what 's ` no gender ' ? 
  you might want to upgrade your processor . 
  he 's a moron who leads a party for morons . 
  nope . 
  i misread that title for a moment ... 
  mhp is in * i do n't even * territory . 
  you 're the one who was posting incessantly about the uk being eurosceptic , racist , et cetera . 
  i like how you 're downvoting me as well . 
  feel good . 
  you 're the bigot . 
  if you think that we 're all racist , you 're deluded . 
  have a great day . 
  have you seen the electoral reform society post where it shows that labour would gain about a dozen seats and ld would go from 57 to about 70 ? 
  unless it 's actually representative , and not * less * representative , i oppose it . 
  it will also stop campaigners for single transferable vote as the tories and labour will ` settle ' on av . 
  not this circle masturbate again . 
  stop it with the fucking nordic inferiority complex . 
  shut up and fucking deal with being ` baltic ' or northern europe . 
  annoying ambassador or what ?!?!?!?!? 
  because we bankroll the eu . 
  whatever . 
  av is worse than first-past-the-post . 
  be quiet . 
  if you really think that we 're chauvinistic , you 're hilariously wrong . 
  popular euroscepticism ! = nationalist . 
  please stop . 
  as a pro-european in england i hate people with that attitude, 
  soft eurosceptic ; cameron is only holding a referendum due to backbencher pressures and ukip . 
  greece should ask for interest equal to it 's debt repayments from the imf and ecb . 
  greece should ask for interest equal to it 's debt repayments from the imf and ecb . 
  you do realise that many young muslims in britain identify as british ? 
  yup , right-wing . 
  ukip is n't far-right though . 
  the nf do n't even exist anymore , maybe 10 people are members ; same with the bnp . 
  actually , the bnp has ~ 500 members . 
  ukip are centre-right to right-wing . 
  they are eurosceptic . 
  that 's about it . 
  we can still hope . 
  well , obviously . 
  they are still really bad . 
  no , i understand the argument . 
  it 's just that it 's not entirely comparable ; akp is islamist , and they are a shit party , but it 's rather unlikely that they 'll use their power to do the same sort of things as the golden dawn . 
  they need * some * support from the west . 
  it 's sort of like saying that the british government will disenfranchise ethnic minorities . 
  i 'm sure that they could try , but it 's really darn unlikely to happen . 
  we 're all hoping for a chp-hdp coalition . 
  they 're not as bad as the golden dawn . 
  they wo n't murder you because you 're jewish . 
  akp is right wing , not ultra far-right . 
  i agree with you . 
  that stuff is horrible and horrifying . 
  because he 's a sadistic fuck . 
  seriously . 
  i hate people like him, 
  what the fuck .
