   our country will unilaterally apply a visa-free system for holders of valid schengen visas . 
  they will have the right to enter and reside in the republic of bulgaria for a period of no more than three months in any six-month period - http://www.mfa.bg/en/pages/109/index.html so i can just show up at the border and come right in ? 
  because having children do n't have the same consequenses in developed europe as they do in indeveloped africa . 
  there is no social security , and children do n't get coddled until 18 , then stay in school until 25 before they start making money . 
  when a country gets more developed it stops having as many children , not the other way around . 
  could you , and future posters , please add a little on the weather , seasons , customs , and cost ? 
   are the belogradchik rocks and the belogradchik fortress the real-life helm 's deep , by the way ? 
  what about the argument that spending money on it attracts tourists and results in a profit ? 
   what follow are not scientific findings . 
  first sentence , third paragraph . 
  you sound bat-shit insane , bye . 
  science may have proven that you 're a racist , but until you actually cough up a single source about your ridiculous claim do n't expect anyone but your fellow racists to believe you . 
  if you care enough about social engineering , go find it and give it to me , because all i 'm finding is disproving your racist view that there are `` huge differences in intelligence and empathy between white/asian and other races '' . 
   all scientific proof points towards huge differences in intelligence and empathy between white/asian and other races . 
  you 're going to need several excellent sources for that , or else i 'm inclined to belive you 're a fucking racist . 
  you 've given me something to think about , thanks !, 
  while it is a representative government , and the party i voted for has representatives , their side does not have the majority . 
  the government represents the majority of the voting population , but as i am not a part of that majority on most of these cases i 'm not sure the actions are in my name . 
  but i am a citizen so i guess they 're at least somewhat in my name . 
  this was pretty interesting , what 's your view ? 
  yes , it is ( along with natural gas ) . 
  i did n't see * that * , but i have seen similar articles , it was pretty short and concise though , thanks !, 
  the financial crisis was almost not noticeable , but now a lot of people have been losing their jobs . 
  i do n't * like * that they lose their jobs and that things are going for the worse , but it does make people realise we ca n't just ride the oil wave though . 
  and that leads to quicker restructuring to other ( hopefully less harmful ) industries . 
  yeah , especially since a lot of people work in that industry , so they have a lot of votes , and are hesitant to switch jobs . 
  i did n't say anything about americans , but about the us . 
  you on the other hand called me out personally . 
  personal attacks in a discussion about countries is pretty low , i 'm not gon na bother arguing with you if that 's the standard you uphold . 
  sadly i am not currently the dictator of norway , so that is not my decision to make . 
  i support the political parties that want to quickly restructure the oil industry into renewable energy industry though . 
  lolwat i do n't personally extract oil from the north sea by the way . 
  not to pull the `` murica big '' argument on you , but europe is a pretty big and diverse place . 
  and most of it is set up for driving , especially outside of metropolitan areas . 
  but it 's a cycle of `` fuel is cheap , so do n't expand infrastructure '' and `` do n't increase fuel prices because the infrastructure is bad '' . 
  you have to start somewhere , and increasing fuel prices to build infrastructure does n't sound like that bad of an idea . 
  maybe you could also tax expensive/luxury cars more , they 're dirt cheap too , and that would n't affect the poor . 
  us more like europe in the near future = earth less like mars in the near future it pisses me off in general that so many people across the world is making global climate change happen , essentially killing millions of people ( potentially my grandchildren ) , and that i ca n't really do anything about it . 
  i know , i 'm still bitter about the price difference . 
  i would rather a few `` monsters '' be let off easy than a single `` non-monster '' be treated worse . 
  use the money you would have to use to keep someone locked in for the rest of their life on rehabilitation , release rehabilitated individual , they will start paying for themselves with taxes in a few years . 
  i agree though , your father * should * get healthcare coverage . 
  that 's why a victim ca n't be a judge , defendant or a part of the jury in the case against his offender . 
  and what if we let victims deserve the punishments ? 
  then people would get wildly different punishments for the same crimes . 
  your rapist would get life in slavery , mine would get a couple months rehabilitation . 
   these do n't deserve the privilige of rehabilitation . 
  society deserves good rehabilitated citizens though , so we rehabilitate them anyway . 
   in a system where the state has a monopoly on violence the punishments should also be enough to prevent the victims from seeking revenge themselves or go about it the other way and make sure the victims know that the punishment given is good and reasonable . 
  defining what 's human and what 's a monster is hard , so to make it easy we made the human rights appy to all biological humans . 
  i 'd be down with an oil-embargo , their fuel is way too cheap anyway . 
  edit : i do n't know the correct term , i was looking for the one where we stop selling to them . 
  are receipts not a common thing in italy ? 
  i can get by communicating with deaf people if we both put in the effort . 
  well damn ... 
  what was even the point of this comment ? 
  we 're talking about the proportion between populations in europe . 
  source ? 
  he fled disguised as stones just because insults were flying ? 
  sorry , i thought you were the same as the guy further up . 
  i doubt many misandrists call themselves misandrists , same way misogynists and racists rarely call themselves what they are , because they do n't view themselves as that . 
  so yeah , they probably perceive themselves as feminists , but they seem to think feminism is about furthering women 's rights/privileges , and not about equality for everyone ( while focusing on genders ) . 
  you could probably compare them to radical islamists/christians ( not for the way they act ) . 
  most actual muslims/christians would n't say blowing up churches/mosques is a very muslim/christian thing to do , but the radicals see that as the true way of islam/christianity . 
   and truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  sometimes a millimeter to the right of western media , and a few thousand kilometers to the left of russian official propaganda ... 
  we need more people like you that are actually understanding where they are coming from and why they do what they do !, 
  resorting to `` foreign muslims just behave like that '' does n't help , though it is easier . 
  complaining about yourself , your family , and your own people is usually accepted . 
  you could probably say `` finland 's shitty , here 's why : '' and be upvoted , but if someone with an english flair did the same they 'd probably be downvoted . 
  you 're talking about misandrists posing as feminists . 
  i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and say that 's why you put `` feminist '' in quotation marks . 
  right to defend yourself = / = right to kill other people fuck off , defend yourself in less brutal ways than ending another humans life . 
  cheap energy from within helps the eurozone , not depending on russian gas helps against russian aggression , and climate change will give us a few 100 million new refugees relatively soon if it is n't slowed down . 
  if almost nobody understands it , why not just leave it there for the people who do ? 
  claiming to be worldnews , but then deleting all posts not in the language that `` only '' 1/14 of the world speaks is pretty weird . 
  is listed pretty much any way to hurt someone , and when someone gets hurt by someone with possibly muslim ( the biggest religion in the world ) roots suddenly is is infiltrating europe ? 
  in addition to that i always think about that i could do the same to them . 
  life 's scary . 
  yeah , but it was a joke, 
  eurovision song contest determines our limits !, 
   you are aware state is not the same as public ? 
  til switzerland is n't a democracy . 
  which is odd considering this post 's point was to show how it is a direct democracy . 
  it 's been infinity for less than 2 years ... 
  `` dutch is the only language that can go extinct by throat pastilles . 
  so explain . 
  why should n't military members be prosecuted for rape ? 
  in what realistic situation would it be a bad idea to prosecute soldiers who raped someone ? 
  what 's your position on what degree water boils ? 
  you hurry, 
  you just went full tinfoil . 
  because france is part of europe and a big percentage of europeans speak french ? 
  and because of novelty . 
  it might be more to study them and have actual examples . 
  the government in norway consists of the two most conservative parties in the country ( with more than 1 % of the votes ) . 
  you have so obviously no knowledge about these things , why do you talk about them ? 
   i , in no way , meant to offend your nationalistic feelings , feelings that go against the spirit of the european union and this subreddit by the way . 
  no offense , but you 're an asshole . 
  oh yes , people are rushing to give brand new shoes to homeless people , while searching for `` shoes '' on ebay yields no results .
