  and with a profit margin of 100 % i 'm sure he had a hard time selling them . 
  i just do n't believe you , and i 'm glad you 're being called out for being racist before , so that no one else does either . 
  and he just stored shoes for fun ? 
  did he use them for walls ? 
  at least try to be realistic in your racist hate . 
  i think shoes for every person in my society that needs them is a realistic goal . 
  where did you read that ? 
  in the same article that announced they were participating i read they could host if they won . 
  flair : republika srspska username meaning : black hand, 
   conveniently omitting that in islam a muslim woman is not allowed to marry a non-muslim man just like dassin conveniently omitted that `` il y a tout ce que vous voulez '' in other streets of paris as well . 
  russia 's economy got back to pre-1989 levels just now very recently . 
  and the `` type '' of socialism in western mainstream political parties is actually pretty well known for being an economic success . 
   zionism has always been dominated by socialists or even communists who were radically secular and many even atheist . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labor_zionism#decline_and_transformation read the first paragraph . 
  and read about how labour zionism has not been dominant since the 70s . 
  thanks, 
  swedes ... 
  bernie sanders is not a socialist , that is the whole point of this post ... socialists wish/work for public/worker control of the means of production , and most likely for a future communist world . 
  are you implying that is what would happen if america voted a socialist party in power tomorrow ? 
  has this already happened and i just missed it ? 
  are you just another fear-mongering capitalist ? 
  oh look , the pc police are downvoting this guy for expressing his opinion !, 
  or , is it different when his opinion is positive towards refugees ? 
   in the edge of far left there is `` absolute monarchy '' , the economical system of which is total communism where everything and everyone belong to a one-man or group-of-people dictate rule in a dictatorial monarchy with absolute control and regulation on everything . 
  that 's pretty completely wrong ... / r/communism101 or you might start with wikipedia to get a complete starting point . 
  but people told me when giant companies with monopolies develop , a startup will easily beat them , that 's how capitalism works !, 
  or on the refugees themselves , they ca n't even talk back or defend themselves . 
  do you see no other way than physcially hurting someone as a way of punishing them ? 
  what is your deal ? 
  are you offended that i did n't blindly believe you when you claimed non-norwegians were taken by the cps ? 
  did you find out you were wrong , but do n't want to admit it ? 
  can you not find the article you had in mind ? 
  i 'm not going to believe you until you show me some kind of article or statement . 
  and i 'm not going to play your childish game either . 
  could you show me the example ? 
  do you have an example of this happening ? 
  do you have an example of that happening ? 
  hitting children is never okay , and if you think it 's the best way to raise a child you are simply misinformed . 
  but that 's not my point . 
  again , `` where a mother stated '' . 
  the cps does not take away children for a single slap , so either she is lying or there has been some gross misconduct within the system . 
  taking a child away from their legal parent is not a simple and easy process , and if the parent thinks it was wrong they can complain to other institutions . 
  i 'm not saying the cps are perfect , but i trust them a lot more than a personally invested parent . 
  * downvoted for saying you should n't hit kids , so much for europe being modern, 
  to avoid the shame of it being known that you mistreated your child according to normal practices in the culture you live in , or because you do n't view the reason they did it as valid . 
  all those articles have the one thing in common , that the cps never tells their side of the story , because they legally ca n't . 
  it 's not nice to live in norway `` unless you 're a child '' , it 's `` unless you 're a bad parent '' . 
  are you talking about the cps , and their rumour ? 
  why ? 
  i like talking about more serious things , and see smalltalk as a necessary step, 
  d\u00e5ss enionn no hvatt hi is sejing ? 
  what ? 
  that 's a strawman !, 
  saltier than the dead sea, 
  all jews are not zionists . 
  your thinking seems pretty immature , one side does n't hate the other just because they want them to stop acting the way they are . 
  mlk did n't hate white americans . 
  or more extreme in politics ( because islamism is an ideology ) , that would be crazy right , young people being more radical ? 
   in our feminist society . 
  where do you live ? 
  not to / r/europe, 
  more than 50 % of swedes know , maybe you could ask one of them . 
  or make up wacky theories of your own with no basis in reality . 
  yeah germany , fuck human rights and keep the fatherland pure !, 
  this time it 'll work, 
   they even provide wifi on board . 
  wifi that has never worked for me ... 
  no mention of refugees , so we do n't know what to comment on . 
   violent thugs do n't deserve a job . 
  unemployed violent thugs in the streets , what a great idea to build national laws on . 
  can the workers fire management * at all * ? 
  [ lol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudi_arabia#human_rights ), 
  there 's also no real danger there , as many people on this sub will tell you . 
  do you even english ? 
  it says they arrived in 1620 . 
  the first colony ( virginia ) was founded in 1607 . 
  i do n't see any presentation of the ebola outbreak or the small rise in hiv diagnoses co-relating to refugees coming to europe ? 
  pretty bad , because 90 % were dead . 
  also because they were more primitive than the europeans . 
  they were also a group of tribes mostly fighting among themselves , and not a union of nation states . 
  if refugees start spreading disease that kill 90 % of europe i will support completely closed borders . 
  when was the cutting off point for cultures being european ? 
  pre-industrial europe is nothing like today 's , pre-ww2 europe is nothing like today 's . 
  if norway stays 95 % ethnic norwegians but we all convert to buddhism will we be european ? 
  was n't `` clash of civilizations '' discredited 150 years ago ? 
  rich people can get shot too ... 
  wtf, 
  oh okay , you know what communism is , but in any discussion about communism you pretend it is something else to troll people ? 
  you sound more and more like a child that 's throwing a fit . 
  anyway , just keep in mind , you have no idea what communism is . 
  i said a lot of stuff too . 
  i 'm not acting smart , you 're just acting childish , giving insutrctions without authority or reasoning . 
   no , you 're being arrogant . 
  you have no place iin this conversation . 
  the irony ...  i never said stalism was `` true '' communism but you keep acting like a smug bastard , cherrypicking my words . 
  nothing of what you have described as communism has been communism . 
  i was n't talking about stalinism , i was talking about your `` everybody works for free hurr durr '' example . 
  once again , not sure where you are going with this name calling business , or using words like `` educated '' and `` norwegian '' as if they are insults ... 
  i do n't see how it 's relevant where your mother grew up , or why you do n't want to talk to me . 
  again , name calling does n't help in any way .
