so it will change something ? 
  you seem to have miscoloured a small part of ukraine there, 
  * hamburger music starts playing *, 
   cause you motherfuckers are remarkably similar . 
  ... did you read it ? 
   wthf what the hell fuck ? 
  no one , probably . 
  but the next time someone wants to buy a warship they might not choose france . 
   parfaitement can you usually add `` ment '' or `` ent '' at the end of french words like you add `` ly '' in english ? 
  i love that you 're answering in both languages !, 
  i 'm currenlty learning french and learning from your comments !, 
  but it 's been pretty obvious for weeks , does the pictures mark the western countries officially recognizing that russia is attacking ? 
  so the war has officially started ? 
  did i miss that ? 
   we all rely on the us for our defence against who ? 
  russia would be no match , china is way too far away ( and pacifist against other countries ) , north korea is a joke . 
  who exactly are we defending against and why do we need the us for it ? 
  ... in 2002 according to that one site . 
  so we should give lots of food to russia ? 
  blood alone moves the wheels of history !, 
  the people with average salary do n't pay the highest tax . 
  yeah , probably a bit too much hyperbole , 
  denmark 's just sand that ran down from norway and sweden , there 's a satw comic on it !, 
  oh , thanks . 
  but why did he add '' [ unknown , remote ] '' then ? 
  does n't your sentence just mean `` trust is a city in russia '' ? 
  guess we 'll have to wait for one of the russian soldiers to post a selfie to instagram with the contents of a truck . 
  that just means 1 hour more every day , that 's hardly turning it into a full-day activity ... 
  how much longer ? 
  for how young students ? 
  was it more similar to norway ( 8-2 ) before and now more similar to netherland ( 8-5 ) ? 
   school is starting tomorrow and there is a lot of focus on the new school reform which basically makes it a all-day school tell me more !, 
  and what would be the incentive to do that ? 
  it 's so nice to see an american having your views , keep it up !, 
  you kid , but i know someone who has a manhole collection , just from the city he lives in . 
  coins of europe would be a good one . 
  every time i see these stats i always gloss over most countries , but carefully watch who came out on top of the nordic countries . 
  probably right now . 
  or 793 to 1066 . 
  so i should not not speak nicely of sweden ? 
  i know how to read . 
  and that 's why it would have been interesting , i would bet at least 25 % of norway would say `` yes '' . 
  why no non-eu countries ? 
  that would have been interesting . 
  i dislike what putin does but i like how he does it . 
  some people believe the moon landing was fake and the holocaust never happened . 
  i do n't see believing this as a long shot . 
  saying that people of a nationality have inherent qualities ( that put them below others ) that ca n't be changed is pretty textbook racism . 
  yeah , but i do n't see how that makes the us/afghanistan relevant ... 
  how is that in any way relevant ... ? 
  oh , i just went by the headline , which translates to `` mette-marit shows her compassion after the aids-community lost 100 of their best scientists/researchers '' http://www.dagbladet.no/2014/07/18/nyheter/mh17/utenriks/ukraina/malaysia_airlines/34407406/, 
  the source i got it from was this : http://www.dagbladet.no/2014/07/18/nyheter/mh17/utenriks/ukraina/malaysia_airlines/34407406/ it 's an article in norwegian about how the crown-princess sends her condolences to the aids community , because of the 100 aids scientists/researchers who was on the plane . 
  you can probably google translate it . 
  it should be noted that 100 of them were some of the best aids scientists/researchers in the world, 
  they can also fight over who called the other one 's mother what . 
  yes ? 
  did anyone here imply that being forced to worship a religion is n't terrible as well ? 
  so you want to fire older people so that young people can get a job ? 
  they make it harder to get fired without reason . 
  tafta/ttip is bad and all , but propaganda is n't automatically something bad/dishonest , check out / r/propagandaposters, 
  very rebel, 
  it 's not about punishment , but it is punishment . 
  minimum wage would be the only wage , so minimum wage would be quite a bit higher than they are today . 
  you do n't seem to have thought this through at all . 
  he 's in prison , you know that , right ? 
  it 's rare to hear someone say that they want longer punishments in general , but recently when someone raped a girl and they only got 2-3 years a lot of people were calling for longer punishments for that person . 
  and there were a few people calling for the death sentence after 22 . 
  july , but that was a pretty exceptional case . 
  that 's a good point , but we would have to convince at least 2.5 million people that they should severely lower their quality of life so that 3 million other people could get theirs improved . 
  but there are 30 other countries in europe alone that would also be an improvement for the people of eritrea , so spreading them out among the 500 million people of eu in stead of the 5 million of norway would be better . 
  i do n't know , i thought that was what someone further up implied , and that everyone above me was commenting with that in mind . 
  because there 's not enough houses/infrastructure/jobs / money . 
  norway has 5 million people , if 3 million men suddenly moved there it would be chaos . 
  close !, 
  the fylke ( level of government above county , below nation ) - traffic-security-selection-secretariats-leader-functions, 
  chosen-hills-roads-window-creation-ferry-gamesly-scrub-outside-animals-luck - ?? 
  ? - ring ? 
  why is iceland so hardcore on their cultural preservation ? 
  compared to the rest of the nordics who `` embrace multiculturalism '' what iceland does seems almost racist . 
  tankhunter sounds so much cooler than antitank specialist, 
   sir . 
  yeah , and you would n't call the democratic republic of congo anything other than democratic !, 
  danish and swedish languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every danish school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  was your title an honest question , or rhetorical ? 
  ... biologically . 
  but the way some kids drink 12 cans ( about 4 cups of coffee ) to stay up all night ca n't possibly be healthy . 
   i will be paying attention to se how a ban on selling teens energy drinks works out in practice . 
  i live in norway where there 's usually a 15/13 year limit on energy drinks , and it does n't really work , at all . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's put in place by the stores and not the government , so that 's probably the reason it does n't `` work '' . 
  in norway too . 
  and / r/vexillology !, 
  that 's more about the place where those treatments take place though . 
  if you 're rich enough to pay 3 million dollars for a treatment , you 're rich enough to pay 3 thousand for the plane ticket to the us . 
  so anyone in the world who can afford it can get the world 's best treatment . 
  yeah but the us is so big , so laws and regulations do n't work there !, 
  fishing is a close number two , if i remember correctly . 
  i do n't know putin 's track record , but the other guys sounded convinced it was being done so i rolled with it . 
  but he built the road though ?
