  the top comment 's reply says so , anyway . 
  does n't sound that ridiculous that they did n't have roads now that i see where it is, 
  `` do n't matter '' and `` do n't matter to everyday life of some individuals '' are very different . 
  you could go through your whole life just by getting through school with a passing grade , and then doing a job which is just menial tasks , so very little is actually relevant to daily life . 
  you do n't have to know the names of ukraine or russia to understand the situation either , but it gives some pretty important information . 
  maybe the biggest news story in the world the last few weeks have been about ukraine and it 's borders/placement , so it says something about americans watching the news and stuff . 
  youth unemployment in sweden is quite high actually . 
  and let 's not pretend roma people * want * jobs . 
  thanks !, 
  does everyone here know russian or is there another reason a translation has n't been posted yet ? 
  iirc it came from a newspaper called the world or something similar , and was n't actually called so because it was a world championship , but i think they should change it now though . 
  i downvoted because of `` the people are the same race and share the same history and culture . 
  '' , you should n't express things like that as facts , when they are not . 
  you can just admit you meant `` white/aryan '' , it 's okay . 
  why ? 
  if i copy wikipedia here and say `` and that is my opinion '' , will you read it ? 
  there were smaller kings having smaller lands , then they united more land until one king had norway , and one had sweden , they then waged war ( or other political stuff ) without one taking the other ( or they did , and then they split up again ) , and until norway finally conquers sweden we will remain separate . 
   the people are the same race and share the same history and culture . 
  human races are completely made up , we are all the same race . 
  and we do n't share * the * same history and culture , but we have a lot in common . 
  it would really be easier if you just read through the two wikipedia articles , you will probably figure out why . 
  you do n't get the obligatory neighbour-points from sweden ? 
   except you invited hundreds of thousands of refugees into europe without consensus . 
  into their own sovereign territory . 
  would you be satisfied if we split up germany and gave control to other countries ? 
  i heard that worked great last time . 
  good thing you came and made sure we could n't have at least one thread without bringing in the refugees . 
   i do n't even class them as human . 
  classifying a human as non-human is textbook racism . 
  if a biological human can be non-human then there must be races to the human species , and since it 's proved there 's only one race believing there are several is racist . 
  racism is n't always the simple stuff like `` black people are bad '' . 
  then you should also lock up anyone who steals , and keep them locked until they can prove that they are rehabilitated . 
   unless you can show me some very compelling evidence that said person has be rehabilitated you 're better off keeping them in jail . 
  i think you 've got it backwards , it 's not `` guilty until proven innocent '' . 
  that was 70 years ago . 
  lots of people are given help instead of being put in jail now , because they commited crimes while their brain chemistry was out of order . 
   but where did i mention anything about his race ? 
    i do n't even class them as human . 
  he is a biological human , you classified him as a non-human . 
  by doing that you claim there are layers or races of humans , which is racist . 
  and by classing some biological humans as non-human he created races of human , and it was therefore racist . 
  racism is n't just the kindergarden level `` black people are bad '' . 
  classing some biological humans as non-human is textbook racism . 
  do you also go around mocking defense lawyers ? 
  several of the usual passengers are probably criminals too , so they should really stop permanently . 
  80 million citizens . 
  source ? 
  where * are * we ? 
  of the 12 million refugees , 8 million are still in syria . 
  and i do n't recall anyone but the military staying in destroyed cities in ww2 , the rebuilding happened after the war when people came back . 
  20 is soldiers are at your door , they have guns , you have a shovel , do you stay to defend your house and protect the people inside , or do you flee out the back door with your family ? 
  you must be fucking retarded if you think staying in syria is a good idea for anyone but high-ranking military officials . 
  i 'm willing to bet you ca n't even place syria on a map , let alone know who 's fighting each other . 
  germans understand english , these guys probably do n't understand german . 
   even those not in danger are now going to come here . 
  you lack understanding and empathy with refugees . 
  people do not want to leave their home country where they have spent their whole life , only for the possible oppurtunity of a wage raise , especially not when trying to reach that oppurtunity has already killed a few thousand people this year . 
  they want a safe place to stay . 
  and in this current world rich equals safe . 
  since they are `` safe '' there you could say everyone who flees for more than 100km away from active is militants are just `` economic refugees '' . 
  the same ottoman empire that you split up and divided up countries from ? 
  good thing you clarified that the fascist football clubs do n't welcome refugees , i was confused . 
  no shit people on the left of politics act like they 're on the left . 
  when 40 % of people vote for a party here i do n't go telling everyone `` they 're just voting for them because they politically align with them , they do not represent the view of all citizens '' . 
   because we all agreed to and then decided to write it down toghether the un is not an entity outside the realm of earth , it is a collection of countries . 
  belgium could exit the un and not uphold any of its agreements if they wanted to . 
  russia is already doing that , giving away free land in remote siberia to anyone who promises to live there . 
  the problem is nobody 's living there for a reason . 
  the community center let them speak there on the condition that it was sexually segregated . 
  listening to politicians in a private house is no right , that example is in no way `` submitting to migrant 's wants '' yeah , it speaks to that they think diversity and immigration are strengths . 
  they wo n't admit it , because that 's not why they 're doing it . 
  if they were politicans without morals/values they would just change to the most popular party , or have the most popular opinions , not import people who will potentionally vote for them in 4-7 years . 
  foreigners legally living somewhere in that country for 5 years can soon vote in local elections , that you 're sensationalising it speaks for itself . 
  would you say the politicians against immigration are just having that stance because it would give the other party more votes ? 
  then you could make the exact reasoning about anti-immigration parties . 
  they 're just doing it not to lose votes , they do n't care about what 's good for their own society . 
  do you have an internal memo or something where you can prove that the reason for their stance on immigration is because immigrants tend to vote for them ? 
  going to need proof of that , proof of intent specifically . 
  yes , these people refuse to recognice german values and culture and should be expelled from society unless they adapt . 
  throw these stone throwers in jail . 
  do you honestly think some politicians want more immigration because immigrants tend to vote for the party they 're in , and not because allowing those immigrants in happens to coincide with their political views ? 
   those who come from sub-saharan africa through libya to europe are n't even war refugees . 
  just living in absolute poverty with nice people like boko haram living nearby , what filthy money-grabbers trying to steal our hard-earned born-in-the-right-place money !, 
  * these * people do n't move to other eu countries to leech of welfare either . 
  it shows they 're not looking to find a place where they can get the absolute basics of life , but to somewhere even safer . 
  afghanistan is safer than syria , would you feel content fleeing to afghanistan , or would you just be a money-grabber and try to get to western europe ? 
   then you are responsible for the utoya massacre . 
  fuck you, 
  if i wanted an ak right now , and did not care about the law , i oculd not get one . 
  i would not have the money , contacts or supply . 
  this is not because of some coincidence , but because they are illegal in about a 1000km radius of me . 
  this myth about criminals obtaining guns through will power alone is ridiculous . 
  i 'm glad `` normal citizens '' wo n't get guns . 
   seriously though it 's sad that our boys ca n't even visit the capital of one of our strongest allies without having to be ready to fight for their lives . 
  thousands ( millions ? ), 
  visit every year , and this time 2 people happened to be caught in a bad situation , does this statistic make you think `` your boys '' ( ? ), 
  would have to be on constant alert while visiting western europe ? 
  glossing over the whole black/brown-people racism , i 'm glad you found what was really the negative part of europe apparently being overrun by sharia law , that americans ca n't as easily go on vacation . 
  if nobody had a gun then it would n't have been a massacre , he could barely have killed anyone . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area#prospective_members says you are supposed to join within 2016 , do you think that will happen ?
