  if a clod be washed away by the sea , europe is the less , as well as if a promontory were , as well as if a manor of thy friend 's or of thine own were : any man 's death diminishes me , because i am involved in mankind , and therefore never send to know for whom the bells tolls ; it tolls for thee . '', 
  * john donne, 
  ban it because most of them go to it by peer pressure . 
  czech republic , fuck yeah !, 
  isnt euro cash ? 
  all hail nagano 98 !, 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  they are almost everywhere in cities but not in the rural areas , i guess . 
  not exactly overrun but slowing spooning . 
  get stuff like ambassador , exit , meeting , briefing and other stuff . 
  it gets a bit on my nerves . 
  teach me , master . 
  wow , we suck dick at this . 
  i am quite sceptic about this , is there even the technology for this ? 
  without using planes , ofcourse . 
  yeah , i was like what the fuck . 
  porn for everybody . 
   they 're going extinct . 
  and i thought whistle-blowing is a fairly new thing . 
  i think it is more like the government falls , there are several options depending on the constitution . 
  1 ) neutral government formed by `` experts '' withou a political allegiance ( they are proposed by political parties , though ) this hapened in our country when the governemt fell when they did n't get `` trust '' form the parliament and when the governemnt resigned . 
  making earlier elections was against our constitution . 
  2 ) a different governemnt can take place with new members of parliament . 
  this happened in slovakia , where they traded a law for a new government . 
  even though it was against the constitution to make earlier elections , they passed a second law to allow it . 
  3 ) like you said , opposition governemnt is installed if they have enough people to support it . 
  this is speaking from my own experience so i might be wrong . 
  because they can . 
  it 's like asking why people do extreme sports . 
  ok , thanks , that makes sense . 
  i have never understood why we call it petka . 
  why would you call 10 a five , seriously . 
  all i know is that the reason why their stereotype is being drunk is because they wanted to be sent to australia/us , they were not more drunk than other nations for that matter . 
  we had to ask the us for statehood , during communism , we adored the us . 
  we suck at being independent and running our country . 
  uk `` obeys '' us only because they know who the big kid on the block is . 
  we are like that guy who does n't get any attention and when he does , he gets abused and develops a stockholm syndrome . 
  i am feeling this fuzzy feel and also a little bit of proudness . 
  i am most likely stupid but why are you surprised ? 
  i mean even back then during the french revolution , the radicals sat on the left . 
  text book english is . 
  when i compare the english in my books and the british english , the second one sounds way more wicked . 
  i can guarantee you that neither of that will ever happen . 
  the current government does n't have enough power and socialists ( who will most likely win the next parliament elections ) are ok with him being there because he does n't fuck with their stuff . 
  help ? 
  if we did n't solve his issues before running for president , there is no way he is going to do that now . 
  yes . 
  spot on , brother . 
  sheeet , i know where op lives . 
  yea but splashing your women with cold water is rather dangerous , not to mention who would like to walk around the town with a pomlazka ( 6 willow ingots knited together ) and beat your women when it is -4 outside . 
  oh , you think darkness is your ally . 
  you merely adopted the dark . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
  i did n't see the light until i was already a man . 
  by then , it was nothing to me but blinding !, 
  yeah , we should be realistic but your realism usually shifts the blame on the victim and completely disregards the whole problem . 
  exactly , that 's why all crime is bad and therefore the whole idea that it is partly the woman 's fault is a fucking bullshit . 
  olomouc born and raised . 
  so you are saying that not all of the muslims share the same values and therefore we ca n't really tell , which muslims are compatible and which are not ? 
   pushing a pro-immigrant , pro-diversity and of course anti-czech agenda . 
  of course i am . 
  i do n't see any value in our current society and i think that any change is for the better . 
   and czechs , who lack western feminist pc sensibilties of course say yes . 
  and i agree . 
  you also forgot to mention , that the group , which agrees the most , is also accidentally the group which rapes the most . 
  not to mention the fact that why should anyone be afraid of going home at night , even if it is through the park ? 
  you see , this is male oppression . 
  you refuse to admit a problem only because you wo n't get raped . 
  that 's like half the population telling the other that their problems are imaginary and that 's wrong . 
   when i 'm drunk and going alone through a gypsy neigborhood i 'm very likely to be beaten/robbed . 
  a park is not a ghetto . 
   but we do n't make hijabs mandatory we are not getting migrants from the saudi arabia nor iran  we do n't cut off their clitorises i might be wrong but somalians are probably trying to escape that  we do n't pour acid on their face for wanting to educate themselves fair enough , it is true that everyone who is muslim has acid in their home and pours it on their relative whenever they dishonour the family . 
   we do n't ban female drivers again , saudis are not coming here, 
  they apparently think that rape is ok , we apparently think that rape is ok . 
  i do n't see how we do n't have aids already . 
  and this society , ladies ad gentlemen , hates on immigrants for being incompatible with our glorious western values . 
  i think number one reason it is not common sense is that it would get swept under the rug . 
  it would absolve all politicians of responsibility , national ones would have a target to throw blame at , eu politicians would say that it is the fault of the states that they do not have a proper mandate and such . 
  i am afraid it would solve nothing . 
  he is crashing this union with refugee survivors . 
  insulting now , are we ? 
   czech education in action . 
  i am for immigration . 
  interesting , maybe you live in different moravia . 
  yeah , he learned how to please everyone quite well . 
  you said that it does not happen in our suburbs . 
  it is usually racists and the likes that attack minorities , remember , we have a roma minority . 
  these racist people . 
  if we were so great , we would not have to resort to violence but rather get a democratic government , eject ourselves from the eu and isolate our country . 
   in my country , this does not happen in any suburbs . 
  if we are so pure , how come that the white trash attacks other minorities ? 
  if we are so pure , why do we resort to violence instead of just getting the government to resign and get snap elections ? 
  behold , the grand eastern solidarity !, 
  no offence taken, 
  hey !, 
  i moved out of there , i am trying to be scottish now . 
   i see only losses . 
  yes, 
  i am not sure either , to be honest . 
  well , you did say intermarium .
