  make moravia great again, 
  mmga !, 
  i know what you mean but sudet germans recently gave up on retrieving land and what not . 
  bohemia can into germany , moravia can into austria and silesia into poland . 
   it 's all cultural in my opinion . 
  i agree . 
   we must somehow try to encourage change when these situations are present , by giving incentives so people benefit from working , and consolidating an economy in the region . 
  you mean like pay for labour ? 
  i beg to differ just because i can not fathom that africa is without opportunities . 
  i refuse to believe that black people in the us do not have any opportunities in biggest economy on our planet . 
  i can not believe that czech living in the north of bohemia do not have the opportunity to move a few towns south and get a job . 
  i just believe that people are different , and if there exist people who want to work , there must also exist people who do not want to work and as long as they get by on just the minimum , they are happy . 
  destruction of conservative values , such as religion or pride , and forcing the people to eat up equality and what not . 
  nah , the problem is when the people do n't want to work . 
  they were always doing worse , it is n't even a hundred years since they became a real country , let alone functioning one . 
  if only there was a large group of young men who could take up those jobs . 
  czechia can into germany ? 
  no , i absolutely agree . 
  if they were good people , they would rebuild their country at least 5 times now . 
  at last , we shall be all equal . 
  you do n't get it , we have to get them into our neighbourhoods , only then will they finally integrate . 
  if we can have cultural marxism , why not porn ? 
   they cant get simple shit done it 's not like national governments can, 
  step 1 . 
  stop running the government as a corporation step 2 . 
  tell the politicians to fuck off already if you do n't trust them seriously , i find it extremely absurd how we do n't trust our politicians one bit and still keep giving them money and still voting them in . 
  no problem, 
  ~ ~ i am not sure if you are any better given that you have the need to insult me based on my ideology . ~ ~ apparently a joke, 
  anarcho capitalism , best capitalism, 
  there we go , even better !, 
  if they ca n't track , what goes through the cable , how can they know , whether the cable needs an upgrade ? 
  i do n't think that up until this year , it was worth it to let the koruna float freely and risk deflationary spiral to get better jobs . 
  more importantly , i think czech people should stop trying to solve the cnb and instead pressure the politicians instead because the people in cnb are far more qualified to do their jobs than any politician theirs . 
  that makes sense but i am not sure how to improve this , really . 
  do you have any idea ? 
  is n't he complaining that czechs are not as rich as germans ? 
  from wikipedia , in nominal dollars , the german one is 10 $ / hour and the czech one 2.6 $ / hour . . 
  correct me if i am wrong but is n't the german minimum wage 5 times higher ? 
  https://www.cnb.cz/en/faq/the_exchange_rate_commitment.html#3 they trade on the forex markets like everyone else and if you happened to be buying czk at the same time , you could have bought some of it . 
  i find it very interesting that we elected a potential autocrat but we believe in our democracy . 
  you think that there is a small group of people/one person that own 50 % of our gdp in czk ? 
  economists would rather preserve financial institutions because some of them are very important to the markets than leave the whole thing collapse because of `` principle '' . 
  the abstract is enough but i can try and find you different evidence, 
  yea , if you put it like this , then you are correct . 
  trying to max out pareto efficiency is not flawed , it is not perfect but you have to make sure that the working class has enough human capital to move above cheap labour from ee . 
  i do n't want to devalue your comment but i think you are replying to a different idea . 
  you are obviously right in that free trade creates issues for the working class , however , i think it is wrong to blame the free trade itself because it also carries a lot of benefits for the working class . 
  the only people , who should be blamed are the people who , for example , insist on paid universities or other further education that would actually help the poor gain the jobs that foreigners ca n't . 
  http://www.nber.org/papers/w21123  this effect can attenuate downward pressure from immigrants on non-immigrants ' wages , and also benefit non-immigrants by increasing the variety of local services available . 
  for this reason , immigrants can raise native workers ' real wages , and each immigrant could create more than one job . 
  yeah , i hope we get a transitional agreement . 
  i will need around 2 months extra to finish my bachelors degree . 
  if i am lucky , i might finish masters . 
  czechia allows dual citizenship, 
   wage depression evidence is required, 
  finland entered the eu in three years . 
  yeah , it is probably because turkey is such a large country it would diminish the role of france and germany . 
  juncker drunk as usual , nothing to see here . 
  they know what they typed, 
  it depends , human transport in czechia loses money for czech railways but cargo transport always makes a profit . 
  you better not use this argument in czechia, 
  the idea that snp is holding continuous referendums is bad . 
  they clearly stated that if something drastic , such as leaving the eu , happens , they will want a new referendum . 
  but they also said that if something very important changes , they will call for another referendum . 
  if those policies were not effective , germans would not tell us to enact them . 
  that does n't convince me , really . 
  for example , czech republic follows germany in everything and would be grouped into balkaneast , same thing probably goes for slovakia and maybe hungary and poland . 
  not to mention the gap between central european countries and romania . 
  are your tiers definitive ? 
  they do n't make much sense , to be honest . 
  nordics should have their tier , german supply chain should have its tier and then maybe a tier for med countries . 
  i think the clerk guy is bullshitting . 
  you ca n't survive with 400 per month in prague . 
  red riding hood : siberian edition, 
  are you telling me that poles can move from a eastern european shithole to britain but britons , with their superior buying power and superior everything , ca n't just hop across the channel to the netherlands or something ? 
  i do n't mind, 
  our media usually reports the failures of our politicians to actually take money from the eu . 
  what happens to the exports to the ruk though ? 
  i know that czechia exports almost everything to germany but from there , it leaves to the rest of the world . 
   go full modernist if the place does n't have a real architectural value pls , tell this to the council of aberdeen , they insist on everything being gray, 
  how about greece in the middle ? 
  he does not want to do something new because he does n't have to . 
  free trade and pareto improvements solve everything . 
  i think macron is the best because he actually understands contemporary economics . 
  contrary to general opinion , mainstream econ is very syncretic and ready to assist people . 
  if anyone is going to prevent him from actually improving the society , it will be the french parliament pandering to voters . 
  czechia can finally into germany, 
   so a pareto improvement would mean to allocate more state support to those who were economically and socially disadvantaged by neoliberal policies after 1980 ? 
  yes , i did not tell the whole story . 
  as many people these days say , free trade does disadvantage the poor people , however , it makes the society as a whole better off , this is in economic jargon called kaldor-hicks improvement . 
  this is where the pareto improv . 
  comes in and is supposed to change the inequality . 
  obviously , it wo n't be 100 % effective because this the real world . 
  also , mainstream economics today is working under a unified model , meaning that as long as you have solid evidence , the theory is accepted . 
  and krugman and stiglitz are considered brilliant economists but leftist hacks . 
  i do apologize for my social difficulties but you are criticizing my comment , right ? 
  so you are saying that varoufakis has a hunch that ecb acted politically ? 
  do you have anyone backing this up or evidence ? 
  for example , when bernanke was trying to make the fed more transparent and tried to talk to the media what is going on , he moved the markets . 
  releasing the minutes of their internal meetings could have unforeseen consequences .
