  of course companies do everything to make profit but complicated legislature only hurts the small companies , large corporations just hire legions of lawyers and accountants . 
  oh yes , i totally forgot that the situation in africa is totally comparable to that of europe . 
  are you seriously implying that the local companies employing local citizens paying taxes to the national government is stripping the country bare and sharing none of the `` spoils '' ( seriously ? ), 
  with the citizenry ? 
  if i am the caricature of the extremist capitalist naivete , then you are the caricature of the extremist communist naivete . 
  no , you are lying . 
  people have options to vote themselves out of poverty , instead they choose to vote communists and socialists and what not instead of a government that focuses on business-friendly policies . 
  just compare the czech republic and slovakia . 
  we can become an economic powerhouse equal to germany any second but we choose to sit in our shit , shame the educated and band with russia . 
  look at slovakia , always the shitty counter-part to czechia , yet they are slowly catching up to mas because they have a more business oriented government . 
  and there are other examples , like ireland or estonia . 
  uneducated people have a choice to end their poverty , if not within their generation , then certainly when they have kids . 
  unfortunately , they choose not to . 
  those left behind made their choices too . 
  yes , you believe that educated people should not leave poor countries because it ruins the poor countries further . 
  you assume that what exists now has to be preserved regardless of what might happen if you let people do their thing . 
  that is absolutely arbitrary . 
   in this regard , poorer eu nations like slovakia are in fact getting shafted , and richer ones like mine are benefiting . 
  so there is logic in trying to prevent the brain drain . 
  i do n't mean arbitrary damage , i mean your arbitrary view of society , that is what a society should look like and behaving like , according to you . 
  and you would restrict individual 's freedom just because they are damaging your arbitrary views of how a society should look and function . 
  silly is a weak word for that because it us-homeowners-association worst . 
  first of all , the people have the best information available to know , what is best for themselves . 
  knowing that , it is up to the people to vote with their feet . 
  if it means a massive brain drain , so be it , much better than to deprive people of their freedom and frustrate them . 
  lastly , you act like the society itself can not make decision to improve itself with the money they receive . 
  or even without the money . 
  why ? 
  there is nothing preventing the poor countries to pass pro-business legislation and invest the money into general education and stop the brain-drain in the long-term . 
  i may be damaging the society , but you are certainly hurting the individual . 
  yes and yes . 
  and that money comes from tax payers in the rich countries , where people from poor countries work . 
   whereas richer country essentially got a worker without supporting him throughout his childhood and adolescence . 
  is n't that one of the reasons why poor countries receive money from the eu ? 
  czechia only ironically, 
  czechoslovakia stands strong !, 
  why ca n't you treat them as citizens , since [ refugees ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/refugees-in-germany ) ( and most likely immigrants in general , imo ) are a net positive ? 
  why is n't it a part of trade ? 
  if we exchange my time for your resources , we are engaging in trade , are we not ? 
  if there is nothing bad about them , why are you against them coming here ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/6mf1qx/friendship_ended_with_fertility_now_longrun_gdp/ also , labour is a part of trade , hence free trade means free movement of labour . 
  lastly , what is bad about mena people ? 
   they both have a history of representative , constitutional government before communism . 
  what when ? 
  you mean the polish-lithuanian commonwealth and austria-hungary ? 
  yeah ? 
  and attack with what ? 
  wwi tanks and man them with sixty-year olds ? 
  americans like to joke that france officially uses the white flag but i want to see americans fight wars when their fighting-age population is essentially non-existent . 
  was n't your government actually sued for not doing enough to prevent climate change and the government lost ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  excuse me ? 
  why should i relax ? 
  i think that obama gets away with it more because he is fit . 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/41/98/42/419842b90341796315a6a73c5133b916.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/74/9e/e3/749ee39ff5f83a7c24aa2ff8e1db1827.jpg http://media.gq.com/photos/5583bf6c09f0bee5644228b7/master/w_800/style-blogs-the-gq-eye-president-obama-francois-hollande-state-dinner-1.jpg http://www.amen-style.com/s/cc_images/cache_2427789099.jpg?t=1353325570, 
  europe acts but it acts slowly so you do n't really see flashing headlines . 
  case in point - roaming , two years ago , it was decided that it would end this year and what happened ? 
  it ended just like it was promised . 
  it is karl der gro\u00dfe and you should know that , being from czechia and all that . 
  of course , it is satire, 
  evidence, 
  his intention is the same as was obama 's , 
  please , obama wore his fair-share of ill-fitted suits to appeal to the common man . 
  that is a good question but cyprus is an island and its case for being in europe is slightly different . 
  consider russia , most of its land is located in asia but most of its power and people are located in europe . 
  you would find hardly anyone who thinks that russia is not a european country first and foremost . 
  turkey is similar in geographical situation but its cultural and political centre is shifting to anatolia , hence it is becoming less and less a european country . 
  turkey is not in europe . 
  the country is politically moving away from istanbul to anatolian countryside . 
  since anatolia is geographically considered asia and the country itself is a border country , it is reasonable to assume that turkey is not in europe at the moment . 
  slovaks took our university places !, 
  ( up ) votes to the left, 
  honestly , a lot of ethnic europeans are not integrated either . 
  there are large areas of poverty , such as wallonia , north-eastern germany or northern czechia . 
  these people usually face social-exclusion because they lack the money to afford full social life that places like paris , berlin or prague enjoy . 
  hence they are definitely not shaping the future of europe . 
  if we are unable to make sure that our own country men are not left behind , we are unable to bring foreigners up to speed with our own society . 
  that is because we do n't know how to integrate someone who shares the same culture , language and all the other things that you think of a citizen , we ca n't integrate someone completely foreign because it is infinitely more complex . 
  this would have happened with free trade with or without the eu . 
  it is the choice of the manufacturers what to ship to other countries as long as it is within the law therefore we can only blame our countries and the eu for not remedying the situation instead of blaming them for causing it . 
  i agree , we get the same shit both from germany and poland . 
  it is the czech people who do n't care about the shit they buy . 
  something is definitely on the rise but it sure ai n't my geiger counter , amirite ? 
  is that bad ? 
  [ it did work , though ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/cdu_wahlkampfplakat_-_kaspl019.jpg ), 
  icebreakers are so cool, 
  civil engineers around here generally do not have general education on how to run a business . 
  a person is looking for a house/flat/place-to-live . 
  the person finds such a place . 
  the person looks at the pros and cons of the place given the price the person decides whether they want to live there . 
  if the person does not demand strong fire safety standards , they wo n't mind not having them . 
  if they have a choice to get a good place ( in their eyes ) that happens to lack strong fire safety ( which they do n't care for ) . 
  why would they refuse such a place ? 
  if they do accept , they are signalling developers that they do not care about strong fire safety . 
  the developer builds such places not because they hate fire safety standards but because people do not demand them . 
  not necessarily , people do one way or another somewhat of a calculation where the benefits outweigh the negatives . 
  please , i did not ever write that . 
   if a company ca n't provide the minimum security standards for their products , they should get the fuck out of the way , they are fucking up the market for the others that can . 
  if people do n't want it , they want pay for it and elect someone who will abolish it . 
  engineers are usually not educated in terms of business management or economics and therefore , they usually do n't know , what they are talking about .
