  stronger cooperation would be nice . 
  i do n't understand . 
  all we want is free money , no refugees and no meddling in our politics . 
  this is our pile of shit and you have no business here . 
  edit : actually , the west , germany to be exact , owns our country . 
  but get the fuck off our lawn, 
  gib money and leave us alone . 
   intermarium yeah and everything would change for better . 
  there would be no czech bitching about how those dirty polish are trying to impose their religion , there would be no slovak or hungarian nationalist movements . 
  i 'd prefer to hand over our sovereignty to germany , at least they know what they are doing as opposed to us , the czechs . 
  that 's why governments can resign and do snap elections , at least some can . 
  we are supposed to have democracy and therefore people should be the ones in control , no ? 
  so a rich person should move an immigrant in because the baker does not care about politics and they could n't be bother to vote properly for someone that either forbids immigration or fixes the system to make sure the money is not wasted ? 
  of course it does . 
  when you house an immigrant , and they turn out to be violent , you are in a difficult position to defend yourself or your property . 
  when they use your power excessively , you will have to pay money and you might not qualify for benefits . 
  immigrants should never be housed in someone 's home , they should be taken cared of by the state . 
  it makes sense as long as you ignore the fact that we live in first world countries with a legal frame work a social system . 
  this argument does not make any sense , ever . 
  wait , i thought the good old lady britannia was in bed with uncle sam and merkel was only building the next reich , like the prussians always do . 
  suddenly , a social system that could fix these things was wiped from everyone 's memory . 
  you bet that 's what i am talking about . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with one identifying themselves with being european as long as they share our values . 
  and then you ask other questions like `` what is your occupation ? '', 
  `` what are your qualifications ? '', 
  `` are you here for work ? '', 
  `` do you support our secular values ? '', 
  and plenty of others . 
  i do n't understand when why is everyone so defensive like the migrants came here to rape and murder , when we already have a plenty of white trash that does murder and rape and our system is able to work with them . 
  no we do n't . 
  we have to reform our shit and use these migrants to build europe . 
  this is such a great opportunity to create generations of true europeans , instead , we are making germans . 
  very well thought-out analogy . 
  excellent comparison . 
  what the hell , man ? 
  sure , those guys would probably give up first because their only problem is nigeria . 
  on the other hand , the whole middle east is fucked , so is north africa . 
  those guys are willing to die to reach europe . 
  you see , that 's the thing . 
  i do n't think this is one of those things that will stop , i think this is one of those things that are here to stay and we would be better off working with them . 
  how do you protect your borders when hundreds of people are pushing against your fence ? 
  do you shoot them ? 
  yes , you are right , however , being pushed into it is the only option . 
  we were offered to discuss these things . 
  what did we do ? 
  we kept silent . 
  nobody from the v4 had a better idea , and no , `` send them back '' is a bad idea because they will come anyway . 
  i wish we would get politeia instead . 
  i think it should be based on how well immigrants integrate . 
  if it encourages the opposite behaviour resulting in ghettos and such , it should be changed . 
  you guys win at other things , which are more important to me . 
  then we should fix our social spending , no ? 
  i do n't want this to become the us , our glorious free health care is too good but we could employ a bit more restriction . 
  my 100000 city in the eastern subhuman wasteland had everything that aberdeen has and more . 
  it is quite shameful that a city in your glorious uk does worse than some random city in the asian steppes . 
  blame benefits policy , which can be changed . 
  i think that is because they do not take part in the political life rather than because of some immigrants . 
  why can not eu become one too ? 
  the unfortunate reality is that they need both . 
  westminster , brussels and strasbourg is the new axis of evil . 
  ok , fair enough , however , why would n't immigration benefit us just like it benefits the us ? 
  by the way , are you downvoting me ? 
   the economic impact from poor third world immigrants is going to be a lot lower , and probably negative when you consider the additional social spending . 
  do you have any sources for the impact or is it just you speculating ? 
  it 's not like i have not been in the city . 
  the truth is that the north side of the city just does not have these things . 
  do you have any sources for the impact or is it just you speculating ? 
   short-sighted policies . 
  every immigrants gives the locals 1.2 jobs . 
  what sweden and germany are doing is that they are building us a better economy . 
  but it is working . 
  every single immigrant gives the locals 1.2 jobs . 
  i would not be surprised if merkel was trying get here as much people as possible and create us 2.0 , both politically and economically , out of the eu . 
  besides , if us can swallow those hundreds of thousands of immigrants every year , the eu with its superior culture can eat more . 
  i am at a uni in aberdeen . 
  i live in a student village so there might be something right in the centre . 
  your grocery stores are shit . 
  i do n't mind that there is no real bread but i had to go to three asian shops + 3 british shops to find oregano . 
  what the hell ? 
  not to mention the fact that you do n't have any proper butchery or none of the stores prepare their meat . 
  at least lidl has german chocolate . 
  exactly , your immigrants are not doing badly . 
  they get jobs , social mobility and their children are automatically us citizens . 
  the first sentence as and the second on together do not make any sense . 
  immigrants are great for the us . 
  praise the lord, 
  do n't be silly , german vassals can not leave the eu . 
  sure thing, 
  yeah but japan is not europe , is it ? 
  it means that we want all the rights and privileges of the big countries and non of their responsibilities . 
  i still do not understand how you are disadvantaged when we have the same system . 
  are those finals that difficult ? 
  some sources are in order , i believe . 
  it is certainly better than before the civil war, 
  but it is true . 
  why would the union go to war with the confederacy ? 
  over some random people somewhere in the south ? 
  hey , it worked for the blacks in the us . 
  at my school , they told us that it is the part of the finals to prepare for them ourselves . 
  it makes sense , you go through everything and now you should have all the materials and you should be able to do it .
