the best thing about europe is that we have stuff to throw at each other anytime we choose to , yet we do n't . 
  still , kellner is the richest in czech republic . 
  what is interesting , that we can get gas from the west whereas slovakia ca n't and they have lower prices . 
  fair enough . 
  you ca n't reliably say that the population is really really growing when the percentage is so small . 
  this might aswell be a slight statistical error . 
  source ? 
   what if russia would turn into libertian free-market powered dystopia that would outperform all civilized world with it 's big governments full of bureaucrats ( like you know , eu ) ? 
  what ? 
  with their declining population ? 
  shortage of food ? 
  export based economy combined with their attitude towards foreigners ? 
  you are thinking of greece . 
  about time eu take this crisis seriously . 
  there is no reason for him to do diplomacy , his popularity rose , he got more land , we might as well secure peace in our time and give him east ukraine . 
  putin, 
  well , i wish we could solve it in a diplomatic way but them 162 european souls , not to mention the 136 people from other countries . 
  killing does not solve killing but under the terms of war , we can do embargoes , blockades and other stuff that hinders the russians . 
  strip them of the wc and declare war as a whole eu . 
  nah , euro is too mainstream . 
   or on fault lines in japan ... 
  they cheaped out on fail-safes . 
  the tsunami would n't fuck up the plant if they had a power source to keep the reactors going . 
  meh , it 's summer , russia is out , i think this will be the year . 
  state forbidden 404 is not found, 
  sure , sure , it is a cool name , alright . 
  geee , no thanks mate . 
  and we 'll do it in the summer , fuck yeah !, 
  this sounds either extremely utopic or dystopic and i do n't ever want this to become the name of our country . 
  nonono , i meant throwing money on their education . 
  education is the key to everything . 
  with education , they might build their own countries and stay at home . 
  the prices of our goods might go up but maybe we wo n't pay that much more . 
  i wonder if it would be more effective to send them back , with some $ for building schools and some teachers . 
  that would theoretically solve the problem forever , no ? 
  you are right but we should not forget that there was a problem with health care to begin with , they had to do something . 
   i always thought that czech republic is one of the few countries where it might make sense to learn german as a first language , given the proximity to german speaking countries . 
  sorry , some hitler guy fucked it all up . 
  third !, 
  czech your privilege , westies . 
  whatabout vienna ? 
  berlin ? 
  paris pls, 
  then you learn all that shit and they tell you that most of the time , you will have to dumb it down so that other non-natives understand you . 
  edit : i mean , i understand that and i will do it but it is a bit dissapointing . 
  it 's nice but i feel like eu , or europe , could be stronger . 
  czech republic we hate the food they are sending us , even though we asked them to do so . 
  i think the general opinion is that anything polish is inferior though we do n't hate on them , i hope . 
  come on , those statistics for renewables and nuclear are almost the same , accidents happen . 
  wow , orban seems like a savior or something . 
  if he did n't corrupt his way to politics , then props to him . 
  where does he get the money for all of this ? 
  mate , by any chance , do you know what our flag is ? 
  russia , you better czech yourself before you wreck yourself !, 
  carpathia into stronk country !, 
  anything is possible with beer . 
  pls no , we 've already got our freedom . 
  just like the last spring , scandinavia stealing the good weather . 
  germany or italy, 
  ** czech republic ** not much . 
  * the crisis in the party which won the early election has been solved , all the people involved , except one , have resigned from their functions from within the party . 
  * the last supermarket chain will stop giving out free plastic bag by 1 . 
  2014 * two muslim girls dropped out of a high school because they were not allowed to wear hijab . 
  the head master said that `` it is a matter of ettiquette and if they would permit this , they could just as well permit hats '' * the czech national bank has decided to intervene and bought half a billion euros in order to prevent deflacion so that people wo n't get into a deflation debt trap . 
  this made czk weaker against eur . 
  * and the last thing , imo worth mentioning , today , there was a discussion about the possible stability of our next government , our political future and what people want . 
  most people feel like the next government will be unstable and will lead to another early elections , yet what they want is stability , while due to politologists , we are heading towards an authoritarian regime/rule due to the crumbling parliamentary democracy . 
  why ? 
  if it would mean a peaceful world with less wars and united effort to advance our technology , why not . 
  but should n't we try to help those in need regardless of the consequences ? 
  i know that van rompuy wo n't be touched by this but it is us , the ordinary citizens who show the real face of our society . 
  but is n't he right ? 
  you should definitely visit petrin and ghetto musem . 
  i am not sure about karolinum and the night club as i have never been there . 
  well , he does not choose the next pm but he has a certain say in it , for example , zeman warned that he would not approve a coalition between cssd ( left wing ) and top09 ( right wing ) as it would be a betrayal to voters of both parties ( which it would be ) . 
  he has two options , either authorizes someone to lead after-election negotiations to form a government or he appoints someone to be the pm . 
  first option is better in our current situation as the second one is too extreme . 
  if the negoatiations are not going well , the president authorizes someon else ( can be somebody from the same wing or the opposite , does not matter ) . 
  after the negoatiations are done and the president agrees , he appoints the pm and the government is formed . 
  basically , 1st deputy chairman of the party ( michal hasek ) , that won the election ( cssd ) , called a meeting with the president ( milos zeman ) and several of `` his men '' and discussed the coup within the party so that he can be the chairman . 
  when asked about this meeting ( one of the people , who were on the meeting , already confirmed it ) , whether he had been there or not , he kept lying that the meeting did not happen . 
  so , yeah , the winning party was without a leader for a few days . 
  there is going to be a big meeting of their party because of this in order to confirm the current chairman ( bohuslav sobotka ) . 
  practically , for our government , it means nothing since the parties have the full lenght of 30 days until the president asks someone ( most people think that it should be bohuslav sobotka ) to form a government . 
  the world has to know !, 
  czech republic is best republic, 
  yeah since karel is known for his affairs , bullshiting , manipulation of media and ofcourse tax-fraud . 
  if i were you , i would much rather point out the fact that a certain politician from a certain wing lied about a meeting with the president , while many of his colleagues confirmed it . 
  i am not even talking about they discussed at the meeting . 
  we have many problems but saying that a certain politician is worse than berlusconi just because they appeared in a random video ? 
  come on . 
  it is due to the insurgence of roma people moving from czech republic to canada due to better living conditions . 
  come on , top 09 and sso ? 
  atleast be objective . 
  on one hand , yeah , you are completely right and we , as czechs should stand behind romania and bulgaria . 
  on the other , i wish i could just buy a ticket and visit my dad without going through visa bullshit . 
  you said , that you do n't care . 
  that 's like saying : `` well , there was a genocide , whatever , i did not know these people so i do n't really care . '', 
  atleast have some respect . 
  `` no man is an island , entire of itself ; every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main .
