  that 's the point , not all of them are terrorists nor communists . 
  that 's the point , not all of them are terrorists nor communists . 
  except there is 30 millions of them and one of the western 's main values is freedom . 
  everyone knows , that sykes-picot treaty borders are bullshit . 
  let 's not forget that israel had jewish terrorists too . 
  it 's not like we were any different from the bad guys at all points of our history . 
  these days are just an exception , i would say . 
  and their children . 
  for both parties , i reckon . 
  it seems like the czechs want 90s ods 2.0 , i get to avoid it and czechs get to live their wish . 
  everybody wins . 
  i ai n't worried . 
  the weather in aberdeen is so great , that i might not fear -10 \u00b0 c weeks for the next 5 years . 
  the city is ugly , they say , but at least i will finally value the baroque architecture of my home town . 
  and a scottish wine !, 
  this just in : gypsies are taking over the country !, 
  run for your lives !, 
  i am moving to scotland tbh . 
  preach on , brother . 
  that 's it , fuck this country . 
  i am leaving . 
  damn right . 
  this is our thread . 
  fuck austerity, 
  celebrate poland 's defence spending , shame their quality of exported goods . 
  queen christina 's armies , occupation between 1639 and 1647, 
  swedes pretty much looted our capital and pillaged everywhere else , for 8 years . 
  the ironic thing is that our protestant intelligence was asking them for help . 
  it 's easy to say ah were the best occupants when you get attacked by the swedes , nazis and soviets . 
  austerity is good when you are a vassal of an economic powerhouse . 
   and not enough to create ethnical tensions big enought to endanger the republic . 
  we might as well join germany already . 
  third time 's the charm . 
  that is indeed a bit far-fetched . 
  there are other reasons why former communist countries would n't go for integration . 
  communism definitely is not one of them . 
  do n't be jelly , brah . 
  european integration in motion . 
  please , do so at once !, 
   the eu / us requested ( read demanded ) i demand that they demand that from us too . 
  merkel really knows her strategy , stab sure work out . 
  low countries are austria !, 
   so afraid to upset the status quo there was this guy augustus , who loved the status quo , and he liked marble . 
  it 's not like germany can waltz in anywhere and tell them what to do . 
  the status quo is usually good for economy and there is no good political capital like bismarck to suddenly change gears . 
  more like germania and west roman empire . 
  and it is even harder when the criminals are everyone . 
  i think that guy verhofstadt said something along the lines that the core would have euro and decision making , the non-core nations would have only free trade agreements and no euro , i am sorry but i do n't have all the details . 
  the key thing here is that whether some countries , such as the uk , are willing to avoid integration in favour of stronger , unique , economy . 
  i would n't be surprised if uk or us did go for the non-core status . 
  i like the part where the author attack his for being on the board of some multi-sector company while he is calling for investments in several sectors . 
  what is he supposed to invest in ? 
  potatoes and beets ? 
  you bet your plzen we do , pepik . 
  he went into the general elections and did participate in the debates . 
  does n't matter if it is eu or uk , he just ca n't give you a solid policy unless it is about eu or immigration . 
  if you suck at it , sure . 
  watch mark blyth 's talk on the dangerous idea of austerity . 
  he explains the bailing out quite well . 
  would it ? 
  people might invest the money , make some more and in turn buy more stuff , no ? 
  to be honest , if you fly with the french , it is not that bad , i like it actually . 
  however , the greatest upside the food has is that it does n't smell throughout the plane . 
  fuck austerity . 
  austerity managed to fuck up another country once again . 
  i am czech and that 's what you do on reddit , you have to state the irrelevant first . 
  make a war on france and sign the declaration in strasbourg . 
  interesting , i am having a sort of a revelation where all the stuff about greece being lazy and bankers being criminals are sort of a meaningless propaganda . 
  there is no need to scare the public , let 's be informed but why do i need to know that this radical guy beheaded one of my countrymen ? 
  why not just say killed ? 
  besides , the governments do n't need media to tell them what to do . 
  if the countries of eu just made a deal , marched into tunisia for peacekeeping , nobody could stop them and it would solve the problem for everyone . 
  ( i am not saying that they should ), 
  [ ed knows how it is . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/_g4iviid12o ), 
  then why does n't he act that way ? 
  yea , they might be artistic but i only see communism . 
  here , you get to pick out of 25-30 questions , where e.g. 
  7 can be out of philosophy and then you get 15 minutes to prepare your answers to , usually , historical and contextual questions and then you speak about it for 15 minutes . 
  do they ? 
  are indians and chinese fleeing their countries this much ? 
  i would n't be 100 % sure about that . 
  there has to be a reason why you dislike him , for example a speech . 
  for that speech i would like the source so that i can hate him too . 
  green areas in paris . 
  why ? 
  and i would also like sources to base your claims . 
  yes , i am serious . 
  lol, 
  literally nobody . 
   but for the money you have to work , i am afraid . 
  :d tell that to grease , m8, 
  well , you are discussing this with me , not someone . 
  if the economic output is almost identical , we might have to look at what is different between the countries , such as tourism for croatia and similar things , and whether croatia benefits from being in eu in the long term . 
  i do n't much about economy and such but it seems to me that further integration with the west brings more money and stability over the years . 
  because all of them are in completely different situations . 
  why not compare croatia , bulgaria and serbia ? 
  it equals free money . 
  if you want to compare extremes , then sure , it does not matter . 
  croatia seems to be in eu .
