  what i see from that graph is that we know jack shit about the doings of eu . 
  that does not mean we hate the union or something , it is just that we do n't understand why we should bond with the west more . 
  do we feel oppressed or disenfrachized ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  what we gain is european unity . 
  if we want to be like the west , we have to act like the west . 
  i bet you are one of those people who are ok with babis acting like ods and saying that he is fixing the country . 
  come on now , pepik . 
  you know you are german too , you do n't have to hide it . 
  energy drinks do some funky things with your liver and heart . 
  only one organ at a time , please . 
  because beer is , or is supposed to be , more natural . 
  energy drink is supposed to make your heart pound faster and get you more active . 
  except when humans are humans and staying would cause more damage . 
  prussia yurop seriously , let 's just take it and call it an eu soil . 
  not anymore !, 
  sudet germans gave up their pursuit of returning property and stuff . 
  i am not defending the attrocities , i am just saying that if they did not get expelled , much more rapes and killings would happen . 
  in the eyes of the common man , germans betrayed us completely while we gave them full hospitality throughout the centuries . 
  this way , a genocide was prevented i would say . 
  excluding the killings , it might have been for the better . 
  you could argue that if the germans were not expelled , it would be like modern day israel with germans being the palestinians . 
  it is a shame though . 
  at least we side with the germans . 
  czechia is german . 
  one roma at a time . 
  it goes slowly but i think i am seeing some progress , at least in my city . 
  they go from gypsy trash to white trash , but hey , it is progress , which is excellent . 
  send them into communism god damn it , we seem to be forgetting how it was like . 
  yeah ? 
  our president was gay , one is a drunk and all of them are mentally challenged . 
  beat that !, 
  immigration quotas . 
  is n't dacia romanian ? 
  `` muh historical skyline '', 
  they would n't allow it and we got enough of our shit . 
  genius plan !, 
  fuck you slovakia , we were supposed to be the hipsters . 
  are you serious ? 
  the last time brits allowed the soviets and nazis to partition east , london got bombed . 
  languages to learn * russian \u2714 * korean * german, 
  do n't forget the dank memes . 
  jan zizka would be surprised these days if he knew , what we call howitzer now . 
  you think it has to be a cold war just so that a country can strive to be a greater power ? 
  it is like the hundreds of years of history where every single country tried to fight for bigger influence everywhere suddenly disappeared . 
  also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cold_war_ii moreover , what the fuck was mccain doing in ukraine ? 
  ease on the salt , mate . 
  probably not entirely , the original maidan was genuine but do n't you think that us or any other bigger player would not leverage their influence to do something ? 
  it would not be the first time , remember what happened in iran or south america . 
  they also got to fuck with russia without endangering their own people and soil , why would n't they ? 
  fuck the rich , right ? 
  ostrava has 65 , bejing 237 , i am not sure what are you getting at . 
  to be honest , i think you are most likely better than us already . 
  i feel like we are in victoria 2, 
  who would n't want angela on steroids ? 
  but is n't that how europe came to power ? 
  slaves , child labour in factories , exploitation of colonies ? 
  the governments were fairly stable but our secret services had to get that oil . 
  when putin does it , he becomes literally hitler but when we do it , it is a-ok . 
  fucking retarded . 
  we should have adopted the euro years ago , crisis or no crisis . 
  we are not the uk to afford not to join the club , if anything , we should take inspiration from slovenia , at best from netherlands . 
  the us has baby boomers , we have communists . 
  some things are black and white , take for instance the whole iraq/syria situation or lybia . 
  i think nobody ever is angry when europe helps on the level of medicine and infrastructure , everyone is mad when the big nations try to impose their will . 
  i would not mind if we had united or at least extended our cooperation throughout the whole mediterranean . 
  yes , however romania has no coast at the mediterranean sea . 
  just like for me and for you and squealerrascal , it is really difficult to speak about coastal security . 
  we non-mediterraneans complain about `` they took our jerbs '', 
   threaten us  us  transylvania, 
  lazy ? 
  our unemployment is the lowest in the eu !, 
  eat shit , germoney !, 
  real capitalism would allow the citizens to buy guns and enforce their will . 
  you can get better arguments for the decisions . 
  you seem to have very deep questions that i can not answer and i do n't have the time to google them for you . 
  i think google will help you better with this , to be honest . 
  i am not sure that this is the implication , whether well-being of other is more important than that of europeans . 
  because you need certain amount of money to keep those countries stable . 
  wait , what ? 
  that 's absolutely worse than just giving money to the regime . 
  i ca n't speculate on how much it does since i am not active in that regard but i assume that there is a reason why giving the money to the regime is not the preferable one , even if it is easier . 
   can be achieved with funding the regimes alone either we fund the regime , which then spends less money on the population because of greed or we can spend it directly . 
  the second option is much more effective for us . 
  how about prussian colours ? 
   it 's a totally harmless symbolic gesture . 
  czech humour everyone !, 
  i would argue that this is absolutely natural though . 
  if natives do not want to have children and would rather focus on careers or their own life , there 's is not many people who want to do the low jobs . 
  the thing about slovakia is that before czechoslovakia , they it was mostly full of sheep farms and what not and if they had any literature , it was either in german or czech . 
  it was really a backwater hungary up until wwi , after which we more or less build their nation ground up . 
  we have nothing in common with slovaks aside from the language . 
  [ ready for action !, 
  fuck the eu !, 
  now gib money !, 
  yes , just ask berliners . 
  legal immigration is not always a win as the employers have to go through a ton of paper work . 
  my father used to work on a work permit in canada and everywhere he went , he was told that once he gets a resident status , they will hire him and not before as it took too much bureaucracy , so he was stuck at a shitty job . 
  i thought that too but then i remembered that i grew up in a post-communistic country and realised that my standards are terrible . 
  how do you keep people on parole stay in one city ?
