  ( and so was the haague , naarden-busum was almost great ), 
  me and my girlfriend were called `` fucking rednecks '' when we were in prague because we did n't stay on the right while the escalator was almost empty and nobody was rushing . 
  only the blue , red and white are historical . 
  nah , it is bullshit . 
  we had poland 's flag but then they took it and we got paired up with slovakia and it is their colour . 
  or it can be a reference to panslavism . 
  jelly, 
  both isis and russia get a national idea `` cores never expire '', 
  everyone tried to invade russia in summer . 
  invading in winter might do the trick . 
  [ remove kebab ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_schwarzenberg ), 
   to be honest i do n't know what this `` join us or else '' etc. 
  quote was supposed to mean , it does n't seem to refer to anything real . 
  [ it is indeed , unreal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/you%27re_either_with_us,_or_against_us#historical_quotations ), 
  which countries do very well without nato ? 
  ireland ? 
  nato membership says `` we have to help each other in case of a war '' and that 's something different , besides , if it meant anything near `` do what i say '' , members would probably spend more on military , just like the us asked us to do so . 
  `` i own the nukes so you better pay for protection and do what i say or that big guy is going to conquer you '', 
  if you got everyone going for your throat , then yes . 
   the eastern members are not that politically compatible with the west imo and they 're not showing any signs of change at all . 
  what is estonia ? 
  what is poland ? 
  and who 's fault is it anyway , that we got abandoned ? 
   their population is inherently conservative , politically blunt and aggressive , and as a result they have shifted the political spectrum of the eu dramatically to the right . 
  i am not sure whether you realize it or not but the subhumans everything to the left , communistic propaganda was effective . 
   we should have waited until the western values penetrated the former iron curtain more . 
  now instead of west influencing the east , we have it happening the other way around . 
  maybe poland is shifting something but so is the uk . 
  nonetheless , it is germany who is influencing everyone . 
  `` well , if it means that as long as i have nukes , nobody will attack me , i better make some '' sounds good , i guess . 
  he 's got a point to be honest . 
  allies fucked us over at every major point in the discussions but it is not like we did not choose this . 
  hungarians rioted , poles formed a real opposition , we just had two months of holiday thinking we could change everything . 
  besides , it is not like the soviets wanted to keep us so bad . 
  soviets just wanted to protect themselves . 
  apparently , aberdeen has same rent prices . 
  sorry for necro i am just pointing out that private companies can do well . 
  of course , when the non-profitable rails are not serviced , it is the state 's job to do so . 
  they will go bankrupt because of other things , not because of trains . 
  yeah but how what does it have to do with trains ? 
  it just shows that other companies have more money that they can bring in , it is not the money the trains made them . 
  that is absolutely irrelevant on how to operate trains . 
  but eastern europe subhumans do n't work in banks . 
  i think it is difficult to estimate how well a train company in the czech republic . 
  regiojet has almost identical prices and still manages to lose 90 millions . 
  i do n't see the point you are trying to make . 
  on the other hand , private companies can be better than state rails . 
  we are a great example , i would much rather go to prague with leo express than with ceske drahy and their pendolino . 
  many other people can say this about regiojet . 
  the point is a united foreign policy . 
  how about the legacy of the national revival ? 
  yeah , me neither , but it is fucking retarded to even use these words and not th\u00e9 . 
  yeah , we do . 
  the people of czech republic chose a man to be our minister of finance , who owns a big corporation , just because he said `` yes , it will be better '' and `` i will collect taxes !, 
  you are definitely right but this is not something the masses want . 
  br\u00edfink , m\u00edtink , bud\u017eet , ambasador and you tell me , that some retarded declension is going to stop us from using it ? 
  it seems you are right . 
  unfortunately , given our position , we would need a huge cultural shift to changes this . 
  yeah , thanks . 
  the senate and house of lords are supposed to have the same function and the demographic should probably be , too , similar . 
  that 's why i am saying that it is irrelevant whether there is the senate of the house of lords . 
  [ but it is . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/youth-unemployment-rate ), 
  people call for abolition of the senate because it is useless and only serves as a place for retired politicians to receive free money . 
  then you got the snps who hate their house of lords just because they are unelected ( and are picked out by the politicians . ), 
  can anyone tell me the real difference ? 
  source ? 
  we should just start using the archaic term and fuck the velk\u00e9 dubisko . 
  protip : glagolitic alphabet was made for moravians . 
  i think that it makes very little money compared to mortgages and loans . 
  they need something to grow and account do n't really support that , i would say . 
  i do n't think a bank can sustain themselves just through insurance and bank accounts . 
  how do banks make money ? 
  they should allow hookahs though . 
  how would they make money ? 
  / r/iamverysmart those are actually the words of mark blyth , professor at brown university . 
   it is why all banks got bailouts . 
  we got bailed out . 
  and before you say `` us ? 
  then why did all the money go to the banks ? 
  they should have sent the money to the citizens '' , i would like to ask you where would you put the money ? 
  into your mattress ? 
  you are right , people want more integrated eu rather than dismantled . 
  and on the other hand you have insane people like farage who would see eu dismantled and uk dominating europe . 
  all of them are insane . 
  they should make a special skoda v4 . 
  ~ ~ everyone wants to be like 4chan but nobody wants to stay on 4chan . ~ ~, 
  would n't it be better just to move ? 
  or you can just instead of building roads , build bike lanes and improve rail roads . 
  there is no reason that cities should lack in bike routes . 
  fair enough , my bad . 
  they will buy your bmws and boschs . 
  the advantage of funding poor countries . 
  there is the answer to your question . 
  did it work out ? 
  ask the us . 
  i think you said that they are terrorists and then you said that turkey thinks they are all terrorists . 
  i think they chose them because the kurds would probably try to form their own state amidst the chaos and this might destabilize turkey . 
  this however , does not mean that the kurds are terrorists .
