  we have not even got to the point where we can discuss whether sa is a dictatorship or not , to us , they are shitskins and that 's it . 
  those tens of immigrants will destroy our glorious culture of sex , drugs and atheism . 
  somebody think of the children !, 
  that 's because it is so easy to distinguish yourself from the pile of shit that we call our politics . 
  he is scare-mongering . 
  he is trying to split the czech population so that he can get elected again . 
  it is his whole agenda . 
  40 % of 4.5 % is support a certain law , how catastrophic . 
  it 's not like the minute women asked to be equal it happened . 
   it 's incredible how thoroughly czechoslovakism died after 1938 . 
  was it ever a thing , though ? 
  i 've heard that the only reason we got band up together was because we had a reasonable leaders at the time and they did not . 
   do you still have hard feellings about the expulsion after ww2 ? 
  yeah , people still feel bitter about it . 
  only last year , there was a first peaceful march for the germans . 
  of course , you do n't . 
  you probably were not alive after the ww2 . 
  if the germans did not get expelled , i guess i would feel that we are one family and exactly the same people . 
  now , i think that we are a band of blood brothers and if there is not a single characteristic that we have in common , it is the blood that has been spilt . 
  [ not so fast !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil_and_gas_deposits_in_the_czech_republic ), 
  and sing with me , for the glorious white europa b\u00edlej jezdec jede tmou b\u00edlej me\u010d m\u00e1 nad hlavou jede cvalem s touhou svou jede smutnou evropou english translation white knight rides through the darkness white sword in his hand trotting with his desire riding through sad europe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pdvl__ee8y, 
  yes and then we proceed to call them niggers and terrorists . 
  there , sorry . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ something ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mods ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ something ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ godwin 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ law . 
  did i fix it properly ? 
  zeman is the scum of the earth and in no way deserves to be glorified . 
  he is a corrupt politician and is the shame of our country . 
  many reasons . 
  first being that we do n't have a common foreign policy , second that we do n't have a policy to help out in situations like this , third reason is that spending money on some far away land is not popular , fourth how would we go ? 
  send an army ? 
  let our people die ? 
  and a lot of other questions to resolve . 
  there are so many reasons why we did n't go there and it makes sense , mostly . 
  eastern europe can not into space, 
  that is certainly true . 
  i wonder , if there is any point in trying to help * the people * when they do n't want to be helped . 
   to those saying that we should just buy products of higher quality : there are none . 
   and we want to buy stuff of the same quality you have , we have to pay more than you do . 
  that is because we do n't value quality food in the first place , if we did , the quality food would be cheaper due to competition . 
  earthoid water tower holds 7600 cubic meters of water , so the technology is probably there . 
  i would not blame you for being butthurt . 
  i think it was more because of the fact that slovakia was n't a real country at the time and allies wanted to split hungary . 
  i wonder if it was really rediscovered though because we have the [ same one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gzktvui.jpg ) in olomouc . 
  it is not nice , beware of free gifts . 
  in 1968 , we got some free soldiers to defend us . 
  what is the difference between a bloody civil war and a bloody dictatorship ? 
  i ca n't fully speak for them but i can give some answers . 
   can you point me to what models do you think are exaggerating and which ones do you think are more accurate ? 
  as a laymen , some of us find it difficult to believe it when the numbers change all the time and we do not have the time , or desire , to study climate change properly . 
  al gore keeps telling us that in five years , all caps will melt , then you get a video like this where they say 2050 and there are countless examples where they quote different numbers . 
  it is quite difficult to really know , if it is a serious problem or not . 
   back then ecosystems had time to adapt , not this time . 
  what would you say to this ? 
  we are only screwing our selves over and i think it is very difficult to convince europeans or americans to cut back on stuff because people in bangladesh will get shafted . 
  it is no excuse , it is the reality . 
   as far as i know , combatin climate change is seen as economically unattractive . 
  that depends , for some , unattractive , for some very attractive , only time will tell , really . 
  however , the media does benefit from catchy headlines , it is easy to manipulate climate change to suit the media . 
   could you point to one example of each studies by extremists ? 
  i ca n't answer this but it would be a wrong assumption that there are no people with an extreme views reporting on this . 
  stop right there you criminal scum !, 
  it is illegal to call babis bures !, 
  holy shit , even a baguette would be better than rice . 
  or he could have just gone all in multi kulti european and attached a recipe for dumplings . 
  i think you do n't know that the commission is not completely autonomous . 
  it is the european council , aka national leaders , who at a common table decide what happens and by saying that the commission does not receive the mandate to do something , it means that national leaders together failed to reach a resolution . 
  it is because the council , and by extension the leaders of the member states ( !, 
  ) , consistently rejected any call by the commission to grant the eu the powers to formulate and enact any of the above . 
  this should be note every time someone calls the eu incompetent . 
  people would might finally realise that the politicians leading their country are even worse than the ones in brussels . 
  holy shit , de gaulle was right to veto britain , england is europe 's cancer . 
  how can it be perfect capitalism if the state is involved ? 
   i mean , are you going to just let people stay outside , exposed to the elements ? 
  lesbos meadow camps, 
  have it in stra\u00dfbourg and have elsa\u00df-lothringen be a special territory !, 
  honestly , i think that the foreign policy speech from yes , prime minister was n't satirical at all !, 
  russia , where tomorrow is today, 
  erasmus for soldiers !, 
  they should also issue a coin for the memory of the second liberation, 
  do you carry a knife everywhere in case someone wants to stab you ? 
  because they do n't have guns, 
  for you, 
  you do n't get it guys . 
  the swedes should yield their jobs to the immigrants so that they integrate properly . 
  the reason , why the us was so successful was because they had largely unrestricted immigration with no welfare system , so you had to work your ass off to prosper . 
  the whole society was incredibly close to no government . 
  i seriously doubt that the uk will go that way if everyone is arguing about control . 
  thanks, 
  do you perhaps have any sources for that claim ? 
  so you are saying that if two white people have a child , it is inbreeding and therefore the child is not healthy ? 
   you can be proud of your heritage , but what does being white have to do with it ? 
  or german ? 
  i guess i did not get the memo about white guilt being gone  is ` mixing of the races ' a bad thing ? 
  you understand how genetics work ? 
  mixing breeds strength , resilience . 
  inbreeding causes weakness and all sorts of problems . 
  i would like to answer that but i need you to define mixing with who and inbreeding with who . 
  bene\u0161 decrees are wrong, 
  yeah , being proud of your country and your heritage as a white person , let alone german , is definitely against modern leftist views .
