  its hard to argue against that . 
  evidence ? 
  it 's not like our prisons are not designed for rehabilitation or something . 
  they always say that . 
  [ ask michael scott ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n-lix79zuk ), 
   how absurd is it that germany when confronted with population decline , does n't move its ' industry to countries where europeans are either unemployed or underpaid , but instead brings in illegal immigrants . 
  but they do when it is worth it . 
  we make tons of car parts for germany and that 's only because we are right next door , have some history with the industry and we are willing to get paid less . 
  however , asking germans to move their factories would be like asking the british to set up their banks somewhere else . 
  i thought it was the 3rd . 
  huh . 
  i am not sure whether that would create more exceptions or make the language easier . 
  how do you distinguish between zeleni and zeleny, 
  how do you want to drop it and still make it present ? 
  https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/jalal-abukhater/abbas-arab-refusal-partition-plan-was-mistake right there in the title, 
  did n't they refuse the two-state solution and later even admit that refusing it was a mistake ? 
  those who want to learn , will learn , those who do n't , wo n't , but that 's always the case for everyone single human . 
  the poverty thing is not necessarily valid , even ukrainian doctors come to the czech republic and do shitty jobs , just because it gives them a better life for them and their children than life in ukraine . 
  i do n't know much about that . 
  it may be that the additional cost of transport would be too much for us ? 
  difficult for me to say . 
  do you really need to speak the language ? 
  i know that in the us , foreign construction groups really need only their foreman to speak english . 
  they can work in construction , in factories doing shitty work , there is a plenty for them to do . 
  edit : forgot to add a source http://www.dw.com/en/eu-african-leaders-meet-for-migration-summit-in-malta/a-18842461, 
  it probably wo n't work in europe as mediterranean countries get far more money through remittances than what our leaders are willing to offer . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/eu-african-leaders-meet-for-migration-summit-in-malta/a-18842461 there is really no other way than military conflict or coming to terms with more multicultural europe . 
  for the people and the union !, 
   any usable skills is n't this what most of college graduates with useless degrees already posses ? 
  a few years ago it was women wanting a career , now it is that everything is expensive , what will it be next ? 
  it 's not like we , eastern europeans , are doing any better . 
  we get the same shit as they do , just in a different form and we have less money . 
  yeah , obviously but when i would start piling your dishes in a trash bag , you would take the hint , right ? 
  yes , can confirm . 
  my spaniards also hate to do their dishes . 
  how about me\u010dislav ? 
  hm , interesting . 
  thanks, 
  so you are saying that jean-claude junker is doing some good ? 
  we always get him painted in a bad light , so i do n't know . 
  i think that the `` foreigners '' argument is extremely irrelevant for romans . 
  romans invited `` glorious '' north africans and iberians and got wrecked by the `` treacherous '' germans . 
   how stupid must one be to think that fences/walls do n't work ? 
  romans maintained the limes with great success . 
  was n't orban 's fence a farce ? 
  like if you would just walk to it and touch it , you could automatically ask for a refugee status and nothing would change . 
  certainly , i do n't see a reason why would wealthy west population move to our shit holes . 
  australia and new zealand seem like the best options to move into , right now . 
  nope , not poland , definitely not poland . 
  i think this problem is much more complicated than that . 
  if we can learn something from the us , it is that the police ca n't solve long term problems in the society . 
  are n't you afraid of bullying ? 
  yeah , i am just pointing out that this is / r/europe and there will be some patriotism . 
  you came to the wrong neighbourhood , bro . 
  i do n't think you know what atat\u00fcrk 's policies were . 
  yeah , i think so . 
  the vast majority of bigger companies here are german and so is most of the money , we basically do n't own anything worthwhile except state owned companies . 
  refugees are a threat to our economy , actually , just because if they learn german , they will be as skilled as our workers and they will probably get the same pay . 
  do n't bite the hand that feeds you, 
  at least you can invest in some cheap property and voil\u00e0 , your children now have a house right at the beach . 
  oh , so our corruption is twice deep , huh ? 
  concentration camps and full on 4th reich . 
  set out for russia in the winter , arrive to moscow by summer , liberate k\u00f6nigsberg and establish federal european union . 
  the perfect plan . 
  unfortunately , not all countries are forced to do this . 
  we could certainly use it . 
  yes !, 
  that 's what i am talking about , instead of trying to work it out , our shitty government fuelled by shitty population keeps obstructing a proper discussion . 
   why would they do you any favors if you 're not willing to do anything for them in return ? 
  exactly , everyone is out there for themselves instead of a common policy . 
  yeah and then they are surprised when we do n't want to help them with refugees . 
  `` ok guys , you spent here 10 years , we helped you , you helped us , now you can either go and colonize the middle east or labour camps '' europeans always know how to push things forward . 
  the foot soldiers are not on trial . 
   mostly there you go . 
  or perhaps a better analogy would be for the foot soldiers of wehrmacht ? 
  yeah , imagine if americans did that with germans after ww2 . 
  many of czechs took up arms under austria during world war i because they were forced to do so . 
  this just in : `` everyone who fought in world war i under austria-hungary truly believed the cause and nobody was forced to fight '', 
  are all the people who fought for daesh evil ? 
  why did they come back ? 
  you could say that this is more of a cultural war and therefore we should stick to our principles and not be like them . 
  if our allies stop funding them , then yes . 
  you are absolutely right in the sense that it would be cheaper to build a civilization there , however , look at afghanistan . 
  both the ussr and the us failed to do anything meaningful there and when you account for the fact that we have extremely short spans of attention , the average european would quickly forget about the problem if it would not bother us directly , like now . 
  not toppling trying to topple other governments is a good start . 
  i wish i could give specific answers but i am not qualified enough . 
  from a war zone to a hate zone , i am not sure if it is such a win . 
  i do n't think this is the best example . 
  the main problem with racists that they just say `` fuck off , it is not our problem '' instead of reliably helping and no , pouring money to some backwater syria is not going to solve the situation . 
  guess we found a way to employ all the migrants and make sure they do n't concentrate in one place . 
  they do n't want to be helped . 
  if you ca n't get work in germany , of all the european countries , then you do n't want a job . 
  how terrible !, 
  thank god you spend next to nothing on the military . 
  5 more years , just 5 more years and i 'll get these problems . 
  a similar map gets posted in / int /, 
   i was n't mad . 
  because germany did and we need germoney to exist . 
  i think we have all betrayed each other so much , that there is no point in being mad . 
  if your own president is trying to divide the country just so he can get elected again , if you have a autocrat who is trying to destroy the democratic process , if a party in your country can get in just by saying `` yes '' then yeah , your political scene can be shitty to .
