https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_poland  until 1932 , abortion was banned in poland without exceptions . 
  in that year , the new penal code legalized abortion only when there were medical reasons and , for the first time in europe , when the pregnancy resulted from a criminal act . 
  except during the german occupation during the second world war , this law was in effect from 1932 to 1956 . 
  in nazi germany , which included territories of poland 1939-1945 , the penalties for abortion were increased and in 1943 , providing an abortion to an `` aryan '' woman became a capital offense . 
  abortion was permitted if the foetus was deformed or disabled . 
  in 1956 the sejm legalized abortion in cases where the woman was experiencing `` difficult living conditions '' . 
  the interpretation of the change in the law varied from a restrictive interpretation , in the late 1950s , to one in where abortion was allowed on request , in the 1960s and 1970s . 
  it was not uncommon that women from countries where abortions were restricted , such as sweden , travelled to poland to carry out abortions which were accessible and affordable there . 
   after the fall of communism , the government banned abortion except in cases where abortion was the only way to save the life of the pregnant woman . 
  in 1997 , parliament enacted a modification to the abortion bill , which permitted the termination of pregnancy in cases of emotional or social distress , but this law was deemed unconstitutional by the polish constitutional court . 
  in december of that year , the legal status of abortion in poland was restored to that in 1993 . 
  that does n't make a snappy enough headline . 
  not really , since i was n't debating anything ( ie . 
  not representing my views on the matter ) . 
  i have absolutely no dog in the race , so to me it does n't matter either way . 
  it was merely a joke . 
  well , no , not a joke . 
  more of a humorous over-exaggeration of your views on the issue . 
  but !, 
  if you want to add it to your long list of won debates , go ahead , i do n't mind . 
  well , judging ones debating skills when there has been no debate seems a bit silly . 
  i never knew bulgarians were such killjoys . 
  so ban all religions , castrate the muslims and force native europeans to breed ? 
  so your answer to extremism is to turn extremists ourselves ? 
  good thing we got out of 2015 . 
  phew . 
  much safer now . 
  just when i thought australia could n't spring any more surprises on me , you decide to post this interesting piece of information . 
  god damn , australia . 
  you crazy . 
   no , because the financial and political relationships do n't revolve around having troops stationed on european soil . 
  actually , they kinda do . 
  you protect us , we play nice and make all sorts of great incestuous financial and political deals with each other and give the finger to the big bad ruskies . 
  if the us leaves , there 's much less incentive for us to play along with your bullshit . 
  you would n't have as big a say in our policy making anymore . 
  and what i posted was an internet may-may . 
  although it has some truth to it . 
  while getting rid of the violence plaguing the us is an admirable goal , the overall most efficient way to go about it is n't just going `` fuck y' all , we 're going home . '', 
  i knew you were talking about the two world wars , but seeing as us involvement in the first one was limited at best and the second world war was over 70 years ago , making political choices today based on misguided nostalgic patriotism is a bad idea . 
  and if you do n't mind elaborating , exactly what problems are you referring to when it comes to the whole middle east situation . 
   i disagree , i do n't see how us policing any of these areas helps at all . 
  isolationism does n't work in this connected , global world of ours , y' know . 
  do you think that russia wo n't roll in to fill the political and financial void if the us effectively withdraws any and all interests it has in europe ? 
  after that happens , guess who 's getting shafted in the global marketplace . 
  you guys . 
   no more world policing , no risk of losing american lives in another european conflict uh-huh . 
  because europe had a great deal to do with the decision to go forth with the wars in the middle east . 
   so you 're trying to say that the new and in-vogue comedy is this watered down drivel that 's so hilariously unfunny i ca n't bear to listen ? 
  nope . 
  not at all what i was saying . 
  you 've just seen comedy that does n't appeal to your tastes . 
  which is quite alright . 
  that 's the great thing about it , there 's something for everyone . 
  aziz , marc maron , jim gaffigan , brian regan . 
  all great comedians and none of them do comedy based on lazy stereotypes or attacking a group of people without any sort of payoff to the supposed joke . 
  if there 's humour to be found from something that would offend people , like 9/11 for example , ** of course ** you can joke about that . 
  personally i just dislike lazy , unevolved comedy . 
   do n't act like all comedy from decades past was racist or offensive . 
  i did n't . 
  there 's that . 
   you do n't have to take the piss out of people to be funny . 
  apparently that 's pretty much the only pre-requisite for comedy according to the anti-pc circlejerk . 
  yeah , they 're becoming lazy pussholes themselves . 
  and for some reason it seems to be the seasoned veteran comedians like seinfeld and cleese who say this type of stuff . 
  when you ca n't evolve and adapt , cry wolf and whine instead . 
   stockholm  0,1 mm space between my dick and my neighbour commuters dick swedes , figures . 
  fear does n't correlate in any way with those stats . 
   no american lives in constant fear of getting shot . 
  i have never thought about it once in my over 20 years of living in america . 
  well , thank you for the anecdotal evidence . 
  does n't really carry much weight behind it though . 
  it 's a good thing france has a universal health care system because treating that burn would be costly otherwise . 
  deploy codename `` freedom '' . 
  living in constant fear of getting shot is indeed awesome . 
  that 's from a swedish book , though . 
  typical of the swedish . 
  always trying to knock finland down a peg or two . 
  by ` crazy ' do you refer to people with mental illnesses ? 
  because having mental problems has no bearing on how good or bad of a parent you 'll be . 
  whst we should look for in parents is ` good enough ' , not perfect . 
  but you 're still advocating for the government to have control over who can have children . 
  that 's simply a big no-no . 
  you could instead try to do something about the socio-economic divide instead of concentrating on the symptom . 
   and they are way more addictive then other things . 
  that 's the narrative antz like to push anyway, 
  iceland bringing the bants . 
  plenty of foreigners work all around finland . 
  most of them happen to be in and around helsinki because there 's plenty of construction here . 
  that 's the way the cookie crumbles when it comes to foreign workers . 
  their work effort is needed here , though . 
  if it were n't for them , i 'm pretty sure nothing would get built here . 
  do n't worry , my southern brother . 
  we still love ya . 
  the cheap booze helps a lot . 
  estonians and russians have been leading the statistics for a loooooooong time . 
  exactly . 
  that and the word ` most ' . 
  while it 's certainly the case that the kind of gender equality and whatnot that the swedish culture promotes lowers the bar when it comes to reporting rape , it does n't translate to most people not feeling shameful about reporting it . 
  that 's a much different beast . 
   scandinavian culture is very openminded and most people would not feel shameful to report a rape interesting assertion .
