  spot on . 
  and that is the reason why i fear this ruling will do more bad than good . 
  anti-zionism and anti-semitism being two different things is a bit obvious and the fact that a tribunal stated it does not add anything significant to it . 
  on the other hand , the many who shield their anti-semitism behind the alibi of anti-zionism have just gained another self-legitimizing tool, 
  when it comes to words we do not take shit from anybody . 
  it 's been a few years since we started debating about the word `` immigrant '' itself , for the politically correct left deems it as racist and offensive . 
  hence the habit taken by these people of switching to the word `` migrant '' ( as for the reason why `` migrant '' should be less racist than `` immigrant '' i have no clue , nor i suspect it exists ) . 
  as for lampedusa , the truth is that we give a shit about it for a couple days when huge things happen ( mass landings or mass sinkings generally ) and then forget about it . 
  italy reporting in ( also , i happen to work in the news so the account is kind of first hand ) . 
  first of all , a major news agency named adnkronos just decided a few weeks ago to stop using the term `` illegal immigrant '' as well ( which in italian is simply `` clandestino '' ) for the same reasons involving political correctness cited by ap . 
  quite a dumb move if you ask me , but still . 
  thus said , looking at how italian media deal with immigration is a good way to understand how fucked up is the whole media situation . 
  the scheme is easy : right wing media says immigrants are bad no matter what , while left wing media will state the exact opposite . 
  this happens for a very simple reason : people who put money in right wing media hold a negative prejudice about immigrants , so the media tells them what they want to be told ( examples : massive emphasis on the crimes committed by immigrants , statistics about how much immigrants took er jerbs and stuff ) , while people who put money in left wing media hold a positive prejudice about immigrants , so the media tells them what they want to be told ( examples : uplifting stories about integration , praises of multiculturalism and stuff ) . 
  since political correctness plays a huge role in all that ( and since you do not want to steer from the path of political correctness because nothing pisses off the public more than somebody daring to challenge the general consensus on such matters ) every time the media get to talk about the subject , huge drama ensues . 
  the latest example is from a few days ago . 
  since the financial crisis is hitting hard and many people are unemployed , two out of three of the major unions suggested we stop allowing immigrants to come here and work the fields and start giving those jobs to unemployed italian . 
  the main leftist political party strongly disagreed with the suggestion ( which is quite of a huge deal , since said party and said unions have always been more than collateral ) . 
  right wing media are siding with the proposal , while left wing media are opposing it . 
  grat debate , zero utility . 
  so , no big surprise : the media deal with immigration using the same hypocrisy and the same tongue-in-cheek attitude towards the readers which are used to deal with every other subject . 
  people are fine with it and , depending on what their opinion on the subject is , put money in certain media believing them to be the only ones telling the truth . 
  everybody is happy, 
  mortal with special abilities indeed . 
  in greek mithology , due to the very active sexual life of the gods , demigods are very common ( one of the most famous being hercules ) . 
  asclepius himself had huge special powers , such as spilling poisonous blood from his left side and curative blood from his right side , resurrecting the dead and having snakes serve as his messengers ( that happened when the romans borrowed a statue of him in order to seek help against a plague epidemy only to find themselves unable to find the right spot to place it : at that point , a snake came out of nowhere pointing them to a little island in the middle of the tiber river , where the remains of the temple subsequently built by the romans can be seen even today ) . 
  also , asclepius had such an embedded childhood ( son to apollo , brought to life by mercury when he was still in his mother 's womb , raised and taught by minerva ) that even his kin , while being fully human , was way above average . 
  suffice to say his eldest son macahon was the medic official in charge of the greek army throughout the whole troyan war, 
  also , asclepius was not a god : he was born to apollo and a mortal woman , thus being a mortal ( at least according to homerus ), 
  cyprus basically declared war to germany, 
  we should have sticked to enotria, 
  what 's noble in that ? 
  ok , there 's a lot to say here ( and a lot to summarize very roughly , apologies in advance ) . 
  historically speaking , joining nato no matter what was the only sane thing to do . 
  italy signing in was the last seal on the whole process of siding with americans ( which begun with the end of the war and went trough the crucial elections of '48 when we choose washington over moscow ) and the material advantages in terms of sheer wealth for the italian people which were at stake were the only thing to pursue . 
  the americans were willing to pay a high price in order to be able to list us in the list of friends , and putting them in the condition for paying that price was the very least we could do ( keep also in mind that even the communist politicians writing the constitution were perfectly aware of that and , while not being able to openly admit it for obvious reasons , were totally ok with shielding the nato treaty from the referendum ) . 
  thus said ( and also reminded that it 's not that nato snaps its fingers and we are off bombing people in the desert : everything involving our military goes through the parliament and it is far from contemplating any form of automatism ) we have to consider the whole subject of international treaties , which is broader than nato . 
  in today 's world , international treaty means - and this is a trend likely to increase - financial , monetary and economic bindings among states . 
  is it right for the people to have little say about that ? 
  i 'd really love to answer no , yet i am a little puzzled . 
  were italy to held a referendum about euro next month , those voting to step out would likely be the majority : we 'd spend a cheerful night yelling take that , you lousy bankers only to wake up the morning after hangover and with that little debt problem which just went full-screwing . 
  i know you lucky swedes are doing fine with your precious krowns , but if there 's anything sweden and italy sadly ca n't be compared is the issue we are talking about . 
  in the end , i know i am no different from those elitists who complain about the vote of their chaffeur counting as much as theirs , but i ca n't help thinking that letting people who vote for grillo decide about domestic government is already more than enough, 
   why is it still left there in the constitution ? 
  two reasons . 
  first , changing the constitution is a huge pain the neck : you need a huge majority in both houses and you need to vote for it four times total ( and often there 's a referendum after all that ) . 
  since huge agreements among political parties like the ones necessary to go through a constitutional reform are beyond rare , this is something that appens very little ( the only time constitution was effectively changed was back in 2001 about regional autonomies , and accomplishing that was long and painful ) . 
  second , it is something which could backfire very badly . 
  think about the nato scenario : after a long and difficult negotiation with the americans , italy joins nato ( which at the time was the most vital of objectives ) only to have it thrown to the gutter because of a referendum fueled by communist ( and catholic as well ) propaganda about imperialism and big bad evil americans . 
  that would have been foolish , and avoiding it proved to have been the right thing to do . 
  same would happen with financial and budget laws . 
  i know it sounds unpopular , but keeping people away from the polls when it comes to serious matters is often the most sane thing to do, 
  because when the constitution was writtern ( right after wwii ) we were about to enter the nato ( that would happen in ' 53 ) . 
  so , to prevent the communists to push a referendum in order to call off the italian agreement to the atlantic treaty , referendums about international treaties ( as well as financial and budget laws ) were forbidden, 
  italian constitution forbids referendums on international treaties . 
  so there is no referendum on euro membership . 
  move on , nothing to see here, 
  twenty years after [ romeo and juliet in sarajevo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romeo_and_juliet_in_sarajevo ) this brings back a little hope in me, 
  german clowns . 
  now it makes sense . 
  thank you mcgianni, 
  since you are kidding me not i 'm sure you are willing to provide a source about the union of circus workers thing , which never showed up in italian media and would sure be a big piece of news, 
  it 's already happening, 
   bersani knows that a grosse koalition would not be appreciated by his voters , and that grillo as the opposition is too dangerous the matter is a bit more complex : first , it is true that many bersani 's voters would frown upon an agreement with the center-right , but a significant portion of the center-left constituency would be way unhappy as well in the wake of an alliance with beppe grillo ( who is seen by many people on the left as a modern times fascist and nothing more ) . 
  more poignantly , the decision about the nature of the next parliamentary majority ( and therefore the nature of the next government ) does not lie in bersani 's hands ( nor in the hands of any other political leader , by the way ) and pleasing one 's voters is far from everybody 's mind . 
  what italy is to provide at any costs is a stable government , and a bersani-grillo cabinet with the little majority in the upper house provided by pd and m5s combined is anything but stable . 
  the famous international financial community fears grillo way more than it fears berlusconi . 
  look at what each and every prominent foreign figure said in the last 48 hours : `` italy needs a stable government to carry on the reforms '' . 
  now , there is clearly no way anybody is thinking that grillo can be the stabilizing factor in this political frame . 
  what everybody is pointing to is the necessity of a grosse koalition able to provide the parliamentary cover to the prosecution of the agenda which has been carried out in the last year . 
  they just ca n't directly address berlusconi yet , for they have been bashing him until three days ago so they can not be too frank so soon . 
  looks i 'm the first italian who got in here . 
  ok , please listen everybody : this is way too dramatized . 
  it 's not that bad : overly shitty economy resulted in massive numbers of voters craving somebody to yell a loud and clear vaffanculo to europe , to austerity , to mrs. merkel and whatnot . 
  among those , the more educated voted mr. b and the less educated voted mr. g. sure it is impressive , but nothing more . 
  shitty times call for shitty elections , and there is nothing to be surprised of . 
  also because the shittier the elections , the easier it gets to make them work . 
  sooner or later it will become clear that the one and only viable option is a grosse koalition including left and right ( and no center , as long as the head of state has a word in it ) . 
  silvio will be somehow defused , and italy will get a few more years of unnaturally driven pro-reforms cabinet while mr. g will grow bigger everyday solely by being the only opposition ( as a well as a bunch of small and already dead minor parties ) . 
  next elections will be tough, 
  italian , for nobody sounds funny as germans when speaking it . 
  more seriously , it gives access to a culture your kind has been deeply interested in for many centuries and if you are still somewhat familiar with latin you could have a not that hard time at learning it, 
  we are already longing for those days as well, 
  he speaks the truth . 
  average mario 's english is `` the pen is on the table '' and little more, 
  pretty much like anything involving the eu messing with the elections in the last month, 
  [ just do this ] ( http://blog.giallozafferano.it/fataantonella/brasato-di-cavallo-al-barolo/ ) ( if google translates does mess anything up , feel free to ask for clarifications ), 
  i 'm starting to fear we 'll end up techno-screwed regardless of who we 'll vote, 
  i know that . 
  still , despite it following the rules of the constitution , i think nobody can deny monti 's government having been quite an anomaly, 
  democracy - despite having been suspended for the last year - still works pretty fine . 
  as for the electorate 's priorities , i do not find it so strange if an impoverished nation which has been hit hard by the crisis gives a lot of importance to fiscal policies . 
  talk about backfiring . 
  as of now , nothing is less popular in italy than the european union : many people see it as a sort of taxes & austerity headquarter ruled by the evil merkel . 
  the truth is that berlusconi could not ask for a better assist , so he will be able to go campaigning and say `` seen ? 
  those tax mongerer euroburocrats side with monti and oppose me because i am the only one who stands up against them '' , thus gaining a lot of votes . 
  yesterday , monti himself called daul asking him not to do such things again, 
  never thought italy could be that big . 
  still , i 'm so glad, 
  eating [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lentil ) for they will bring you money,
