  new ( and higher ) tax on garbage, 
  actually i believe it 's a vicious circle of both the reasons . 
  we never developed a good infrastructure due to cultural reasons making it a non profitable investiment . 
  hence we still do not have ( and keep on being unlikely to have in any near future ) said culture, 
   i find it slightly annoying when temperature goes below -30 c. 
  i have to put on a scarf to cover my face . 
  hell , i have to put a scarf over my face when temperature goes around 0c . 
  at -30 i 'd probably be dead, 
  a recipe book, 
   that said , i do n't think he stands a chance to win neither does he . 
  he just aims not to lose too bad . 
  his aim is to play a part after the elections , and he pursues it by securing the current election law and trying to resuscitate the alliance with northern league , in order to mess up the senate . 
  if the trick works , silvio will just have to wait for the government to come knocking, 
   do you think it would be possible that the consequences of not electing anyone this will be oversee able ? 
  not really sure about what you meant there . 
  anyhow . 
  as for the consequences of not electing anyone , they basically mean for most of us having to deal with the most drastic conditions of a lifetime . 
  we are quite coping thanks to the real reason thanks to whom nothing really awful happened this far : general distrust for banks and finance and tendency to store away the money in the safest way possible . 
  private savings have alway been huge ( we are talking billions ) , and this peasant-like mindset has been providing us a little shelter from the shitstorm . 
  little credit to silvio for having messed with it as little as possible , but not very much more than that . 
  as for those who are going to be elected instead of berlusconi . 
  chances , enforced by the almost certainty of the election law staying the same , are that we are going to elect someone : the center-left ( at the moment more left than center , to be exact ) coalition is pretty sure to win the elections . 
  nobody can tell how long will ti last , how effective it will be , what toll it will have to pay ( in terms of running ministers to somehow redeploy , current political strategies to stay true to , role to grant to monti etc. ), 
  to the cabinet in charge . 
  but they sure will get a go, 
  there are many factors concurring . 
  first of all , the average italian does not care that much about scandals : we have been electing politics involved in scandals for decades , so as long as you do ( or are perceived to be doing ) your job properly , no scandal is going to hold you back . 
  on a more peculiar note you have to keep in mind that a ) lots of italians are damned scared of leftists and are willing to vote for literally anyone who opposes the darn commies ( and nobody like berlusconi is good at presenting himself as the champion of anticommunism ) ; b ) lots of italians are pissed off at monti and will happily vote for anyone cursing him loud enough ; c ) few italians still side with good ol' silvio and will continue to do so no matter what ; d ) the man is actually very good at campagning , so that he 'll manage to win back a significant number of voters who swore that they were never going to vote for him ever again, 
  it 's clear that berlusconi wo n't do very well this time . 
  actually , if he makes it past 10 % it will be a good result . 
  lots of people grew tired of the man , and outside of his most hardcore fanbase nobody is willing to give him credit for another time . 
  berlusconi knows he is not going to win . 
  what he wants to keep the current law for is a ) so he can have all his friends ( both males and females ) elected ; b ) so he can , thanks to the alliance with the norther league he is confident to be able to sign once again , give a hard time to the left in the senate ( the election law for the senate works on a regional base , so this could even be possible ), 
  what 's the need to centralize ? 
  we have had this franchised government for over a year and we are doing so ... uh well , never mind, 
  yes . 
  actually , the current election law is deep down preferred by almost everybody ( the center-left because it is likely to make it easier for them to win , all the other parties because it lets them elect literally whoever they please ) . 
  the problem is that said law has a very negative publicity ( it si commonly reffered to as `` the filthy trick '' ) so everybody acts like changing it is a moral duty while secretly working for nothing to change, 
  i beg to disagree : in a few weeks , good ol' silvio will be actively campaigning against bankers , technocrates , judges , heterosexual communists and a gay communist too . 
  showtime, 
  yes . 
  they were scheduled to be in late march-early april . 
  the latest rumors now talk about early february ( the 10th to be exact ), 
  theoretically this is the most sound reasoning , but i am afraid it clashes with reality . 
  when your own head is at stake , preserving it becomes the only thing that matters . 
  for this to happen is natural and unavoidable . 
  note that i am not saying this to condone for the man in any way ( hell , he 's making me root like crazy for the yes to win and i do n't even like the eu that much ) . 
  i just want to say that - reached this point , expecting responsability by someone who put himself into a play entirely built around irresponsability is more than vain, 
  it 's not even pr , it 's survival : yes wins , he and his friends go out in shame ; no wins , he and his friends hold on to their jobs . 
  this means he 's got the strongest of motivations to be desperate for winning the thing , and he 'll pull whatever stunt his communication staff tells him to . 
  and , given the situation , the most productive strategy is to over-dramatize the vote and to sweep the ball in the stands by yelling about terrorism and blood and death . 
  the man has many flaws but he 's no stupid . 
  i am fairly confident that deep down he is completely aware of the nonsense he 's doing , but at the same time knows that he has no other option than playing until the very end the part he put himself into, 
  now i am curious to know what does the support include, 
  so , here in italy it 's the fourth day in a row we do n't get to see any sun while in friggin ' england the fucker shines along . 
  what 's wrong with the world ? 
  where is it ? 
  still , the vatican and san marino are little , grey spots of emotionlessness . 
  which , in a quite odd way , could even make sense, 
  i liked the part when napoleon overthrows giscard d'estaing in 1977, 
  and that 's why , luckily , the 75 % tax will never see the light of day, 
  this . 
  finland and the netherlands are just doing what mrs. merkel simply can not afford to do . 
  had she opposed the `` spread-saver '' plan this blatantly , she would have been put under an unbearable political pressure : everybody would be saying something in the lines of `` what a bitch she is , dragging europe down the drain only for strictness ' sake '' ( sorry for the extremely rough summarization ) . 
  now that finland and the netherlands ( two countries which opposed the plan during the eu summit ) made the first step , it will be a lot easier for germany to jump on the austerity bandwagon and say `` see ? 
  it was not only us who tought the plan was a bad idea '', 
   it was not immediately clear which other governments were opposed to the move . 
  uhmmm , let me guess : maybe the government led by that blonde lady finland and the netherlands are doing the dirty work for ? 
  you are correct because wojtyla, 
  the peak of the doc marten 's craze took place in the second half of the '90s , so you are likely to have missed it . 
  not that big of a deal , though : did we dress like shit back then, 
  you got it so right . 
  dubbing everything ( movies , serials , games ) is a very strong part of our culture . 
  when i was little i used to think that those tv channels streaming stuff with original audio and subtiles that i saw in my hotel room while traveling abroad were some kind of international network purposedly designed for places with mixed attendance as hotels and such . 
  learning the even in the rest of the country people watched tv with no dubbing was a shock, 
  the problem is not university , it 's school . 
  i really hope that the spread of the internet is making things better , because english teaching in middle and high school has always been beyond terrible . 
  until you do n't begin training kids in english when they are young , you can give them all the english lectures in this world at age 20 , but you 'll be speaking to a bunch of people who can tell you that the cat is on the table and nothing more, 
  you have no idea how insanely popular [ these shoes ] ( http://www.schuh.co.uk/images/product/144607/1446077320_main.jpg ) used to be ( and somehow still are ) do n't know why , but everything uk is insta-cool around here . 
  changing names to english has been a thing only for movie people . 
  it started back in the sandaloni days and kept up until the spaghetti-western era . 
  spencer and hill were among the last to do this . 
  italian pirates are led by [ a comedian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beppe_grillo ) ` nuff said, 
   a bulgarian is more likely to wish your family died do n't know why , but dead family members are huge here in italy as well . 
  especially in the center-south nothing says fuck you like the good ol' chi t ' \u00e8 mmuorto, 
  i usually do , but i was in a hurry and relied on op 's norse mastership . 
  also , i am supposed to be the lazy ass around here , ai n't i ? 
  not in italian , trust me, 
  care to summarize ? 
  sounds like goran bregovich 's evil twin . 
  nice, 
  rome is a decayed noble woman . 
  she 's been around for a while now , and the amount of things she had seen have made her not so easy to impress . 
  she has seen fortune vanishing overnight more than las vegas did and got used with witnessing meanness and betrayal at a very young age . 
  she 's been through anything , and it gave her a very fatalistic and distant attitude towards human things . 
  but cyinicism wears off pretty often . 
  those are the times you will find this old lady struggling for how it used to be - does not matter if it 's a thousand or a dozen years ago - and reminiscing about her beauty, 
  [ in the town of sarajevo ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1xze6pvylg ), 
  thinking that until fifty years ago veneto was one of the most poor and backward of italian regions still amazes me, 
  [ campania wins , as usual ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/regioni_d'italia#dati_economici ),
