** italy ** prime minister sacked by his own party . 
  new prime minister appointed by said party . 
  nobody 's too happy with the new guy but why not give him a go . 
  subsequent parliamentary struggle going on in order to get the new cabinet going ( supposed to last for a few more days ) . 
  it 's quite complicated . 
  the senate voted against nine proposals ( the results given above refer to one of said votings ) aiming to prevent mr. b. from being sent out because of his conviction, 
  luckily there is a ohidoho as well, 
  everybody has the right to go all the way to third degree no matter what . 
  the whole system is designed to provide maximum guarantee to the defendant and to make sure no innocent can be jailed . 
  too bad it turned out to be one of the most spectacularly failing things in all of italy , which is saying much, 
  three . 
  first degree you are tried about the crime . 
  second degree , you do the exact same trial once again . 
  third degree , they rule about the second trial , but the ruling involves only the formal and procedural aspect of the trial ( it 's like the second degree judges get tried instead of you ) . 
  in mr. b 's case , the ruling at hand was made by the second degree judges in compliance to a ruling previously given by the third degree judges about a trial held by the second degree judges . 
  yes , we can get that byzantine ( and still this is a good thing , if you ask me ), 
  and you do not know how longer it is going to take : now the decision will go through another appeal , then it will go through another couple parliamentary votes and so on, 
  since the elections had given different majorities in the two houses ( tell that to those who claim we should go straight back to the old system ) , in order to win the vote in the senate a little engineering had to be done ( including acquiring an unknown senator named giulio tremonti who would go on to have quite a brilliant career ) . 
  and life-senators did the trick . 
  * prodi ii managed to begin without the votes of life-senators , but it ended up depending on them in [ more than an occasion ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/governo_prodi_ii#cronologia ) . 
  one of the funniest moments was when they had to postpone a confidence vote because rita levi montalcini was in dubai attending some classical concert and would not come back, 
   but for obvious reasons they usually choose not to , especially on touchy matters that is not true . 
  we recently had two cabinets ( berlusconi i and prodi ii ) which were literally kept alive by senators for life, 
  yes . 
  something similar happened in late 2011 , when it looked like berlusconi was on his way to the grave and half of his party was openly operating in order to start a transition towards the center ( we all know how it ended : berlusconi proved once again to be alive and kicking and the whole operation was called off in embarass ) . 
  so , the possibilities for it to happen again do exist . 
  what lacks until now is the favorable scenario : until this majority exists , no stabbing is possibile . 
  things change if the government falls : while searching for a new majority , it becomes clear that pd + left alone ca n't make it : a couple dozens votes ( especially in the upper house ) are needed in order to reach a decent majority . 
  at that point , with berlusconi in any case far from the ball , for a bunch of people in his party to step up and join the new majority for the sake of stability and whatnot will be very easy, 
  they are more likely not to plug it , i guess . 
  the only thing that 's for sure is that the plug keepers will have to make the biggest effort in history to keep the pullers away, 
  for anybody wondering : yes , this as an actual political ad run by pd for anybody hoping : yes , it was also thanks to crap like this that pd did so bad at the elections despite being the expected winner, 
  they never had one , so they do not see the reason to change things now, 
   if the government falls , the pd is doing well in opinion polls , and will likely lead the following one it depends on whose hand pulls the plug . 
  silvio 's ? 
  pd triumphs . 
  not silvio 's ? 
  then i 'm anything but sure of that, 
  so is anybody . 
  the whole world is talking big about it , but the truth is that nobody has a clue about anything . 
  it 's even amusing, 
   it has no existence apart from berlusconi and that 's the exact one reason why pdl will never , ever walk out of the coalition if berlusconi is convicted, 
  if berlusconi gets convicted , the scenario is quite plain : * berlusconi 's party ( pdl ) freezes and does not start any crisis . 
  the reason why is very simple : bringing on the shitstorm solely because of berlusconi 's judicial problems would electorally kill the party ( making it official that it exists only for the sake of silvio 's private issues ) . 
  they have the chance to buy some time ( to make the public office ban effective a parliamentary vote is needed , and it is a matter of months ) , and they will use it . 
  * main left party ( pd ) goes full bananas : they are already having a very bad time explaining to their supporters and electors why they are sitting at the government with the big bad wolf himself , and having to add that his definitive sentence is not that big of a deal would be lethal . 
  the pressure put by press and public opinion for them to pull the plug would be unbearable . 
  * the president of the republic , who , ( for many a reason that would be too long to list here ) is the real human shield for this government . 
  he made clear that he 's not willing to call new elections should this cabinet fall . 
  on one hand , it 's a blessing for those in the left who want to kill this government , since they see it as a free ride to try and put together a different majority with the other leftist parties currently sitting at the opposition . 
  on the other , it is a big hazard , because everybody knows how difficult delivering this plan b is going to be , and everybody knows that if you fail at that , the subsequent electoral campaign is going to be everybody ( led by berlusconi ) against you . 
  the funny thing is that everybody is secretly hoping for the man to be acquitted , but nobody can afford to say that, 
  it has just been confirmed that the verdict will come out tomorrow . 
  the most likely scenario is that the court will uphold the conviction , still some chance for a compromise stand ( the compromise being that b. is n't convicted nor acquitted , but the second degree trial which spawned the current one is to be remade : this scenario saves silvio 's ass , since the prescription period kicks in next june ), 
  both houses in italy have it . 
  and they are insanely cheap too, 
  basketball : check . 
  baseball : check just wait until we build a couple decent american football players, 
  i 'm surprised to be the first to menton songs ' lyrics . 
  back when i was a little kid i was a huge queen fan and i got these two books which provided me with each and every song complete whit translation . 
  i spent countless time going through albums while reading the book , so when scholl and videogames kicked in a few years later i found myself to be already quite ahead . 
  on behalf of an entire country : please bring this back now, 
  [ there you go ] ( http://images2.corriereobjects.it/primo_piano/politica/speciali/2013/elezioni/gallery/busta/rimborso-imu/img_rimborso-imu/bu_01_941-705_resize.jpg?v=20130219180325 ), 
   meaning big profit yeah , sure, 
  looks like we are both czech , then . 
  ok , guess it 's time to start with jokes about the slovaks, 
  thanks for showing such consideration , but i fear you are overestimating this whole thing quite a bit, 
  i 'm eagerly waiting for the follow-ups about mafia and mandolin, 
  they are not . 
  sure they are narrow minded and anything but tolerant in regards to immigrants and multiculturalism but - let 's be honest - fascism is a different thing . 
  a little bit of context to facilitate further understanding * northern league placed itself on the opposition . 
  this means they need something - the more impacting , the better - to quickly start bashing the government because of . 
  this issue serves them very well : widely unpopular topic ( especially among their constituency ) placed in the hands of an unexperienced politician ( until two months ago the minister was a medic ) whose neophyte 's enthusiasm is likely to cause some problems ( she was not even in charge and yet had begun promising radical citizenship reforms which are a very controversial matter for the italian public opinion ) . 
  * the government is supported by pdl ( berlusconi 's party ) , which is allied to the northern league . 
  said allegiance has always been - especially on subjects such as immigration - a quite competitive one , with both parties struggling to steal votes from each other . 
  since the government is likely to sooner or later try and pass some legislation on the matter and since pdl is likely to support it ( opposing it would cause major problems to the government 's stability and there is no way any party can think of fucking things up especially on a matter this secondary ) , the political gain at hand is evident, 
  actually one of them was hit in the spine and risks paralysis, 
  that 's for sure, 
   the three decrees have not been signed yet . 
  until that happens , monti is still prime minister . 
  that 's as usual : every government is in charge until the very moment the next one steps in . 
  the point is another , and it is that the mandate given to letta is different than the mandate given to bersani ten days ago . 
  letta 's mandate is full ( with the aforementioned consequences ) while bersani 's one was a pre-mandate ( meaning he was not to go ask the parliament for confidence no matter what ) . 
  the moment letta formally accepts it , he 's prime minister , with the confidence or not, 
  that 's a different thing . 
  the mandate is full regardless of the reserve . 
  letta needs time to figure out two things : what his party is to do and what northern league is to do ( they would have opposed amato but probably wo n't oppose letta ) . 
  if it 's ok , he accepts the full mandate ; if it 's not ok then he will reject the full mandate . 
  in either case , the nature of the mandate does not change . 
  regardless of the difficulties , he 'll stay in charge anyways . 
  when the head of state gives somebody the `` full mandate '' to form a cabinet , it means that even if the parliament does not give the confidence vote , said cabinet is in charge ( albeit only for the current affairs ) until another one is formed or new elections are called, 
  the problem is not letta himself ( more than decent guy , good connections at home and abroad , he knows his shit ) . 
  the problem is that the political frame of this new cabinet is quickly deteriorating . 
  letta was not meant to be the first choice ( that would have been giuliano amato ) , and was picked only because the democratic party ( center-left , winner of the last elections but currently on the brink of madness because of a civil war ensued after the elections that have already left on the ground many a leader ) could not guarantee a solid support to amato . 
  picking letta ( the deputy secretary of said party ) is a desperate attempt to keep together the party and manke sure that the government can gain the confidence of the parliament and start working . 
  if the democratic party provides believable guarantees in term of stability and support of the government , then it can start . 
  otherwise , chances are berlusconi will flip the table and ask for anticipated elections, 
  day 1 subscriber here . 
  upvoting the hell out of this in hope for more people to join, 
  if there is something the far left and the far right agree about , it is this issue,
