  i think concentrating power is something we should only to with the utmost care . 
  i do n't want europe to become a superpower . 
  why would you want that ? 
  if you look at the other large states ( arguably china is now a superpower ) what do you see that is so attractive ? 
  i only see a single point of failure that can be far too easily abused by corporate interests ( us ) or braindead fanatics ( ussr ) . 
  let 's think back to 1984 for a perspective on how a world with superpowers may turn out . 
  i favor plurality , and i think that is the first sacrifice in superpowers . 
  this is why i am against a chosen president full-stop . 
  parliamentary systems have my favor by far , i want to vote for my interests , and not micromanage who exactly is at the top . 
  confederacy for the time being . 
  the current crisis shows there are big differences and it makes no sense at this time to put one people under the control of another , because that 's what a federation would mean at this time . 
  we should take the us an an example of what not to become , because this continents plurality must not disappear but turn into a strength ( which kind of is happening now already ) . 
  i 'm afraid of the political monoculture all other large states exhibit . 
  the brits should join the damn euro already . 
  italys politics suffocates under corruption , not plurality i think . 
  bachelor/master system . 
  read up on the bologna agreement : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bologna_process, 
  i do n't know , i 'm just saying that anglosaxons scoring high in anglosaxon systems is at the very least worth of further study , before we say other countries , who recently adopted that system , and may have had a long tradition in some other system , are actually worse . 
  you seem pretty adamant to accept this at face value . 
  i think complicated issue usually have complicated answers . 
  which is in my mind a clear example of the system-bias : perhaps other countries have a long tradition that you simply miss and do n't measure in this way . 
  or he simply cleaned up the mess he started . 
  even then , planting seeds is easy , growing the plant should earn at least as much credit too . 
  true , but i was referring to scandinavia as a whole , with a population of 25million , and sweden and finland do n't have the natural resources norway has . 
  even if size were a factor , perhaps it 's time to downsize bigger states ? 
  maybe there is an optimum somewhere in the low tens of millions . 
  socialism never ruled in eastern europe , a deluded band of crooks did , pretty much fascism in its purest form . 
  i agree with you that communism probably has too many loopholes to be viable , but if there is a successful example of ( democratic ) socialism , i 'd point to scandinavia . 
  i agree with the frenchman that we must never forget what we are doing all this for : the people . 
  we must pledge allegiance to the people , not law , principle , or economic systems . 
  history shows that has the strong tendency delude people , just like in eastern europe pre-1991 , into thinking anything is more important than people , be it the party line or the bottom line . 
  from what i gather the miracle was after pinochet . 
  looking at the graph the time it was bad for chile was exactly during his reign . 
  i agree that this game we all are supposed to be playing ( and which america , britain and northern europe are very good at ) is probably not a very good game , but if you are willing to play ( eg are in the euro ) you better be good at it . 
  good for them !, 
  i hope moldova joines us in the 21st century soon . 
  not only is there a language bias , i think there is a system-bias : only recently for example have mainland europe introduced the anglosaxon system and i think these rankers , being almost always anglosaxon , probably have some bias in the way they measure . 
  how things are in asia i do n't know , but i would expect them to have the bias perhaps even worse . 
  realizing the fallacy of thinking a nation , a language , a region could have a ` best ' or a ` greatest ' . 
  is n't that what plurality is all about ? 
  i do n't think anyone is seriously proposing not to teach english . 
  what is proposed is that an extra european language may be both of measurable benefit and serve as method to increase knowledge and appreciation of our fellow europeans . 
  i think that makes a lot of sense in the context of a federal europe . 
  in turn i ca n't imagine being able to understand only one language . 
  like i mentioned , i 'm currently in physics , an excellent example of a world that is highly international , and also highly productive in terms of value added to society . 
  i know of no one who speak 1 language , and many who understand 3 or more . 
  i would like to add that in many dutch high schools ( gymnasium ) it 's common to have latin and greek * in addition * to the four ( or three ) languages for beta-students . 
  so i fail to see how it is a cost ( which diminishes with every language added ) is not translated to value . 
  the per capita spending on education is among the lowest in europe here but i think it translates very well to our strong position in trade : it helps if you speak english , german and french if you do business in europe . 
  people learning extra languages in school means less money spent on translations . 
  also , your article is another problem altogether , namely politics : if the french can have everything translated in addition to english , then surely all other countries can ? 
  that 's simply a different issue , and one you are falling yourself for i might add : learning a language does not equal being culturally oppressed or going for a not-so-useful liberal arts study . 
  it simply means you learn about your fellow human beings in a very fundamental way , because that is what language is . 
  when i was in ( dutch ) school we had 4 mandatory languages ( i think it now may be 3 ) . 
  agreed , it was n't fun ( i 'm a physicist now ) and not every language has proven useful for me , but i think at the very least a second language is beneficial to anyone . 
  it gets easier to pick up languages after you had a few , it trains the brain , and hell , what wrong with learning something new ? 
  watch out kids , an angry anglosaxon who is not amused at the prospect of having the learn * another language * ... 
  ` manly ' work ... 
  i hope the hungarians succeed in removing this clown , and hopefully the other one too . 
  also , the belgorod oblast lights up in russia like no other region . 
  what 's up ? 
  and ukraine and moldavia got darker . 
  why ? 
  so what is the dutch gov doing wrong if there say they need to freeze the pays ? 
  but that does not mean a brain drain wo n't have any effect on portugal . 
  i do n't see why , because if britain already has a similar tax , not much would change for businesses there . 
  some countries on the mainland already have a similar stamp tax , in fact , some did so before the uk ( guess which one came up with it first , and where the king who introduced it to the uk was from  ) . 
  you 'll find that these countries tend to color red on the relevant wikipedia page . 
  nevertheless , is n't the main point of this tax being eu-wide that it makes it harder for banks to simply pick the most favorable tax-code to put their ` hq ' in ? 
  the brit started with a useful observation : the banks need to pay their fair share . 
  i think this includes it should specifically include the risk ( and damages done in recent years ) apparently tied to their business . 
  i do n't know if this tax is the best option for banks to guarantee our financial security , but it seems like a good idea . 
  does anybody have any intel on the correlation between transactions , complicated financial products and banks needing bailouts in recent years ? 
  since there is nothing binding about the vote of the ep , there is nothing to defy . 
  the article fails to mention that rutte restated that the website in no way , shape or form reflects the view of the dutch government . 
  i ca n't quite see this as anything but bikeshedding . 
  since when did freedom not include freedom to be an asshole ? 
  wilders is nothing but a tool to rutte , which is the perfect role for him if you ask me . 
  thanks for your elaborate view into greece !, 
  the picture you paint is rather dark though . 
  i hate to sound naive , but i ca n't believe there is not way out other than continuing as-is , surely there are powers in which greeks can believe and trust ? 
  if you are right with your last paragraph , then what does is meen for greeks ? 
  that is only got worse ? 
  what then is the way out of this ? 
  i heard about the major of thessaloniki doing good things for example , and he was perhaps not by accident not affiliated with anything . 
   that 's good then , yes ? 
  you got ta start somewhere . 
   actually , i 'm currently living in the netherlands and what you describe sounds hard to believe . 
  actually , it is almost per definition , because unions almost always sanction or plan the strike , and are in all cases member of one of three ` vakcentrales ' , which in turn take part in pretty much any negotiation . 
  the question of the matter is however , do the protesters in greece have a diplomatic arm in a similar way ? 
   did this result in lawsuits ? 
  last i heard is that the state made a profit , but i 'm that 's all i know . 
   i have seen no students even considering the possibility of banding together to negotiate acceptable alternatives . 
  you are in luck , because i do personally  some friends of mine are in med-school and for them the problem is even worse because it takes longer to graduate . 
  there was talk of an organized protest by all dutch medical student associations few months back . 
  also , there are the iso and lsvb , who are permanently lobbying in the hague for students , and if you look at their website you 'll see pretty much all energy is focused on this now . 
  again , i was just giving and example of the only country i know well . 
  has greece similar things ? 
  or is something stewing ? 
   and even if it happened , it would hardly get us any money to run our economy so i 'm not sure why it should be a priority now .
