generalizing sweden many years ago to all who you perceive to be critical of yours . 
  wilders being in any way comparable to the racist scum you read here ( really , you do n't know what you are talking about if you compare that guy to people who on this very subreddit call roma to subhumans ) . 
  pulling things from context , like those quotes ( btw : switch on your sarcasm detector ) . 
  do n't you realize that looks like an ad hominem to any reasonably trained debater ? 
  who are you trying to convince ? 
  only the second comment was not a response to a personal attack or blatant racism , and it is simply stating fact !, 
  read the other replies here too . 
  do n't you realize that most come across as dense and backwards ? 
  by any human rights ranking eastern europe scores worse than western countries . 
  you , and many others , seem to take that personally , instead of acknowledging and contributing to sustainable solutions . 
  when i wrote that 9/10 comments from romania/bulgaria/hungrary / ukraine in our media is racist on the roma i was being generous : i have never heard any constructive or positive comment on them from an easterner . 
  i am not patronizing : you ca n't take criticism because it 's too confronting and you prefer to find fault with others instead of yourself . 
  you made some valid points , but you use dirty tricks to make your points , and i will not have it . 
  good day to you sir !, 
  you do realize that ` western ' is an idiotic conception as ` eastern ' ? 
  if i lay off the patronizing , you should lay out the generalizing . 
  wilders is a friendly man compared to some of the roma-haters here , and calling your swedisch example ` going full western ' is a disgusting debating tactic . 
  true , but that does n't mean it 's not the best option . 
  regarding wilders , mostly uneducated idiots vote for him ( according to pollsters , so i 'm not making that up ) , and is placed outside any future governing roles , so i got you covered on that front . 
  secondly : well , lay it on me !, 
  9 out of 10 times i hear about the roma i is accompanied with hatred from the local ` purebreds ' . 
  it 's about time you give us so called uninformed westerners some nuanced info !, 
  elsewhere the ez is a systematic success , so lets not delude ourselves that this crisis has a single cause . 
  it 's an unfortunate concurrence of circumstances : greek ( tax ) culture , economic dry spell , euro crisis . 
  it 's not popular to present a complex answer , but the truth is simply not simple . 
  how could we improve these respective agencies ? 
  here in holland that cpb , which handles estimating these numbers , is outside government control . 
  is that not the same in serbia/greece ? 
  is that really as pervasive as you paint it now ? 
  because that seems a deep hole to crawl out of , both for he roma and romanians . 
  this . 
  any solution that does not involve public opinion ( and therefore the romanian common man ) changing their views is not durable and therefore no solution at all . 
  it was expected that a german would n't get the joke , but no sweat my friend  also , the national team was violent ? 
  of that i have no recollection . 
  then again , our pronunciation of the ` g ' is sometimes confused for aggression , 
  look , now we are talking . 
  few things : 1 ) like you say , this is a real , sensitive and complex issue . 
  so expecting seemingly racist one-liners to not generate downvotes is clueless . 
  2 ) one liner holocaust jokes do not happen , because there are not funny . 
  you apparently know we lack context , then you also know that the joke wo n't work because they * always * need context . 
  3 ) do n't get your panties all up in a bunch because some westerners ` coming to teach you ' . 
  your comment is simply racist , even if you and some other thought it was funny , so be a man or woman and accept that . 
  also accept that stigmatization of the roma are part of the problem , and there you indeed play a role yourself . 
  change is * always * mutual : if you are really interested in solving the problem you will need to change too . 
  that 's how it has always been , that 's how it will be . 
  i 'm from holland , here some people consider eastern europeans in a similar role to roma in you society . 
  fortunately the majority opinion is not like that , and the majority of political parties tries to solve the problems associated with easterners working here by change * our * laws and conceptions . 
  for example , this summer employers are required to pay the same salary to any worker , regardless of country of origin . 
  this costs our society money , but in a way that benefits eastern workers ( they earn more ) and our own ( there will be less incentive to give the jobs to easterners because the financial advantage is gone ) . 
  that 's the type of solutions i would have no problems with . 
  putting all local roma in a abandoned chemical plant is no durable solution at all , is pandering to local public opinion , and frankly a braindead xenophobic move . 
  not as well as you apparently !, 
  ahhh , good old eastern europe . 
  it 's like rats fighting over who 's the real vermin !, 
  i came for the eastern european xenophobes , and i was not disappointed !, 
  how about simply giving it back because it will make the citizens of greece happy ? 
  the uk can afford it , and greeks are going through hard enough times as it is . 
  let the us bailout greece and spain !, 
  as soon as ceos donate everything they earn above minimum wage to the poor/state . 
  thank you sir . 
  one more question , is toll expensive ? 
  it helps that in dutch it 's also legenda , 
  thanks !, 
  but what are the colors of roads in the map , i ca n't read the legenda . 
  i took the bus from athens to patras last year . 
  it stopped in the middle of the ` highway ' to let people in and out ... 
  it was fortunate that there was very light traffic , but that bus drivers would have his licence removed in a second overhere . 
  well , i need a visa ( visum ? ), 
  for belarus too , even if i just take the train to moscow ... 
  i love these kinds of articles , keep em coming !, 
  and i hope these roads will be finished soon : i wan na drive all over eastern europe for a change . 
  i think this friend has simyo . 
  ` bout time !, 
  you 'd think that with all hat personell they 'd have roadmaps for ` where do you want to go ' , but apparently it takes a crisis to pressure them to do so ... 
  but are these vodafones rules or dutch law ? 
  i know of someone with an austrian password who has a contract with another carrier , no problems . 
  this is discrimination ( or actually , harmfully uninformed people ) ; any form of eu id is enough . 
  you should ask for a manager or talk to some form of representation . 
  practially there are still issues with the eu internal market . 
  i should be able to have a nondutch bank account for example , but because most administration systems here do n't support letters , staff cant enter the details which often leads them to think its not possible/allowed . 
  likewise , in germany renting living space is pretty much impossible with a german bank account . 
  its the unfortunate truth , and i think mainly due to uninformed staff and/or outdated electronic systems . 
  fastest option may be to have a dutch friend or colleage show his/her id , they only check once . 
  the graph is suggestive though , its a percentage of gdp thats plotted . 
  the baltic states are nothing compared to piigs in terms of gdp . 
  it 's certainly a cause for concern in my opinion , precisely because the rest of western europe does much better . 
  first the holocaust , now the racist card . 
  way to go to solve the real problems !, 
  no one seriously believes greeks have bad intentions , but , just like the southern regions of italy , in greece tax appears to be generally more optional then elsewhere . 
  the question is , what does greece want to be ? 
  ruled by bad management for the next 50 years ? 
  pretty much everytime the politicians are brought up . 
  well , guess what , greeks themselves are the only ones in control . 
  asserting that control appears to be what is needed . 
  that is easier said than done , but greece is a very young democracy and its normal to have some growing pains in the early years . 
  the role of the victim appears to be the go-to answer for most greeks when confronted with the reality of their not-so-great society . 
  now i accept they have tough and hard institutional problems , but i 'll never see how making yourself a victim will help . 
  standing up , taking charge and all that . 
  but , time will tell . 
  maybe the next 400 years greece will grudgingly accept the status quo being eu rule .
