  it 's up to them . 
  putin , the defacto dictator of russia since 2000 . 
  i assume he is simply jealous of all these wonderfully functioning and wealthy states in europe . 
  to a church one can only be disrespectful . 
  its whole business model is based on skimming the income of the working man to buy new cool golden hats . 
  as a method of redistribution to help to poor government is what you want , because they are accountable . 
  the missing piece in greece is apparently that nobody actually holds politicians accountable . 
  go to court if its important to you !, 
  the sooner greeks joins the rest of us in the 21st century ( separation of church and state , functioning democracies and all that ) , the sooner things will get better . 
  it works over here in west europe , there is no reason it would n't in greece . 
  i 'm dutch and two times i was introduced to a ( group of ) greek ( s ) with their first question being about how life is in an ` organized ' country  a dutch broadcaster recently said , in view of the #hours worked , where greece scores much higher than the netherlands , greece apparently needs to work smarter . 
  i have no objective or subjective data to reject this supposition : apparently greek society needs to learn efficiency ( fast ) . 
  yes !, 
  lets make the belgians our national animal . 
  greece had bad politians before the euro . 
  i hear the adversity argument often . 
  perhaps evey generation must have its adversity then ? 
  in the west we 're now coming up on the second generation without any grave adversity ( war , disease , natural disasters ) . 
  perhaps it is a fundamental experience that a lot of are missing . 
  we do by ignoring them and making it hard to get into the eu . 
  perhaps the eu admission should be made easier , on the condition that this issue is settled once and for all . 
  but being mannered is so * boring * :p, 
   do n't bring it up if you go to greece . 
  word . 
  greeks are the americans of europe when it comes to patriotism . 
  yes . 
  not really . 
  iirc dutch police officers help patrol polands border . 
  are there no extra border patrols for greece ? 
  i keep hearing that angle , but i never hear about any solid alternatives . 
  i wish the greeks the best , but to me it seems that is this austerity package . 
  i simply have not heard about any ( moderately detailed ) alternative . 
  still holding a grudge i see , 
   minister of citizen protection wut ... 
  well , i 'm happy that the metro was built , it seemed heavily used when i visited . 
  but i agree with the sentiment that sports events on this scale are a waste of money . 
  they should have built the metro and stuff like that anyway . 
  i used my ` noble ' way of thinking to argue that these voters did n't , and did n't really think at all . 
  you 're right that describing something and prescribing it are very different . 
  i was commenting with the latter in mind : voting for these neo-nazi 's is wrong , no matter what preceded it . 
  i think it 's better to talk about what preceded it and how we can contruct a path to a future that looks bright . 
  saying that voting nazi is understandable does n't really help : perhaps for historians that is a sensible statement but not in politics of greece right now . 
  i was refering to radaway 's post specifically , in that something like this happening can not be an argument for voting golden dawn . 
  yes , it is understandable that people are so unsatisfied that they 'll do crazy things , but that is not what radaway said . 
  what i mean with people controlling themselves ( i think you refer to this in your last sentence ) : faced with these problems is a perfect opportunity to show how straight your back is and how sound of mind you are . 
  the right thing to do is to handle the problem , not to cop out into the arms of demagogues . 
  i 'm dutch so i know most about the pvv , and that party is a * far * cry from neo nazis . 
  from what i know about the other two its the same . 
  i suppose greeks have no control over themselves whatsoever ... 
  i totally accept that it 's hard times now in greece , probably too hard , but thinking some twisted kind of ` revenge ' is the right answer is completely batshit , and the only thing that i 'll actually call lazy . 
  digging yourself out is what greeks ( or any person with problems ) should do , not digging themselves in . 
  i 'm not convinced the brutal austerity is the right answer ( but i suppose a large part of it ) , but there is no excuse for voting for these clowns . 
  trying to extenuate these votes is despicable demagoguery . 
  these are nazis molesting people for crying out loud !, 
  true , but 20/300 seats is unique in modern europe and cause for concern at the least . 
  i once read up on the language thing : both dutch and german ( and all germanic languages ) have been historically more a continuum than the discrete partition it is now . 
  travelling from amsterdam to berlin to zurich would have shown slow change from village to village . 
  i suppose the proximity of cologne to the netherland plays a role . 
  hehe , from the little experience i have with poles and poland this seems appropriate . 
  is there an opposite word ? 
  that one seems true for the netherlands sometimes : the problem will never be solved because we must find the best option first ... :( we have excellent highways because of this though , 
  no man , dutch culture in one word : polder . 
  this is true on many many many levels . 
  if you read up on how the netherlands , and with it dutch society , came into being , you wo n't understand anything if you leave out the polders . 
  current society is still clearly shaped by the polders : in disputes nobody leaves the table until consensus is reached . 
  when i piss of my german co-workers , i call their language a dutch dialect . 
  the further north i stay , the fewer words need to be translated . 
  the character of a crisis is that there is little time or use in looking backward . 
  leaders need to act now , and it seems to me that acting should be based on current facts . 
  whether or not that agrees with a preconceived ideal or supposition does n't seem relevant to me : that 's for historians to investigate or to reflect on at a later stage . 
  i 'd like to add : 3 . 
  show your ass . 
  and fart . 
  like proper populists , they prioritize token politics . 
  no surprise there , in fact , makes them easy to recognize . 
  i feel sorry for the greeks who voted for them because they did n't know what to do . 
  it 's clear now that the political elite of greece is part of the problem instead of the solution , so i can understand people vote anti establishment . 
  i hope the period of confusion will be short though , and that there will be a new competent political elite that can retake greece and make the chances of these extremists as small as possible . 
  the brits have shown before that they can successfully pull off very focused engineering . 
  the fact that they are designing and testing this engine part by part makes me hopeful : they admit that tackling the biggest problems first , and one at a time , is a good strategy for incredibly difficult projects like rocket/jet engines . 
  the americans managed the saturn only with luck and the space shuttle with money , two things generally scarcely available . 
   quite a surprise ( for me at least ) . 
  let 's have a cross-continental high-five !, 
  ah , so being a catalan is like being dutch ? 
  maybe that 's why so many of us go there in summer , 
  or , a haven in general . 
  which is why this is so strange : the current dutch administration is the only one that 's going to cut budgets , not any other . 
  and holland has a spending record that is certainly no worse than any other in the eu . 
  and now one country please !, 
  just like the good old days  . 
  would n't hurt in the context of europe to have another big block . 
  are you 14 years old ? 
  open a history book . 
  top down empires do n't work . 
  i think you 'll have no problem in getting people to agree on english as the only required language for official eu documents ( saves on translations and young people speak english anyway ) , but i see no need , let alone support for a europe-wide official language . 
  while i agree that the nation state has had its time ( and good riddance !, 
  ) , i am very wary of other examples of large states . 
  russia dominated all other parts of the ussr . 
  the federal government of the us has been a playground for special and corporate interests and has little to do with public control by any measure . 
  of china we need not speak .
