geography in the uk ( at least from my experience ) does n't really involve learning about countries and capitals . 
  we mainly learnt about types of rivers , glaciers , mountains and valleys , how all these are formed , tectonic plates , different types of cities/towns but we did have population growth and distribution as well as types of rocks and map reading . 
  he presents it well , but completely ignores many potential benefits : * immigrants sometimes emigrating back to their countries of origin after being successful , for retirement or to give back to their country of origin with public service * sending money back to family members to ensure they have access to education and healthcare * developing businesses that occasionally interact with the countries they originated from as they have an idea of how business is done in these countries , bringing jobs or access to good that were previously unavailable . 
  * it gives an incentive for people who want to move to a richer country to become well educated and successful , which has many benefits to others from the poorer countries . 
  the aim is n't for every single person from a poor country to move to a rich one . 
  that is not the only way we can ensure people from those countries can have a better life . 
  he manages to steer your thinking in the video so that the only solution for these billions of people is to move , when that is by no means the case . 
  people can be an ethnic minority and still be british ... 
  there are predicted to be 800,000 in germany this year alone . 
  and we are talking about 20,000 over 5 years . 
  last year the uk accepted 25,000 asylum claims . 
  so this is a maximum of 25 % increase if this is added on top of that . 
  although it 's not clear if that will even be the case . 
  not sure about that . 
  france and the uk have pretty decent militaries and nuclear weapons . 
  do n't really see how anyone could successfully attack them without taking heavy losses . 
  not that it 's in any country 's interest to start a major war . 
  the world is too connected . 
  i think one of the key things people miss is the population density in the middle east . 
  you can see the map [ here ] ( http://media.maps101.com/sub/mideast/me_04_popdens.gif ) . 
  on the syrian border other than a single narrow band through iraq , a lot of the surroundings are uninhabited or very sparsely populated when going towards the gulf states . 
  for refugees fleeing , who can only take as much as they can carry it would be extremely difficult/impossible to find enough food when travelling in that direction . 
  it makes a lot more sense to get a boat to greece or go towards turkey . 
  already started happening , the culture is changing . 
  [ source ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/ons-statistics-young-adults-in-the-uk-are-drinking-less-alcohol-2015-6 ), 
  the truth is somewhere in the middle i think , the receiver countries would get less money but the net payers would also end up paying more . 
  france takes out a lot more per capita than the uk does though , thanks to the cap . 
  the net contributions per capita are higher . 
  i used the un figures for all the countries to be consistent . 
  individual countries may have different methodology to one another . 
  http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/germany-population/ just realised i used the 2013 population by mistake , but it does n't change much as it is only 82.6 rather than 82.7 . 
  i found conflicting sources , seems like the un has the german population at around 82.5 and germany has it at 80.5 . 
  population and percentage change by country : country | 1999 | 2014 | % change -- | -- | -- | -- greece | 10.9 | 11.1 | 1.83 germany | 83.5 | 82.7 | -0.96 france | 58.9 | 64.6 | 9.68 italy | 56.9 | 61.1 | 7.38 using this to re-base to gdp per capita changes ( eyeballing figures from graph ) : country | 2014 gdp per capita ( rebased to 1999 ) -- | -- greece | 104 germany | 123 france | 114 italy | 98, 
  debt relief does n't have to happen this week . 
  it 's just not a good argument to say we ca n't do this because of these rules that we made up and have the capability to change . 
  they can easily announce that they plan to modify the treaties as needed and provide $ x billion of debt relief , which they will do after analysing and negotiating the required treaty changes . 
  noone is saying they have to provide debt relief today . 
  it 's disingenuous to argue that you ca n't do something because of some self imposed rules . 
  these are things they have the power to change if they wanted to . 
  this is such a week argument . 
  they are the ones that wrote the treaties and they are the ones that can change them or create new ones . 
  this is the same as fifa saying it is not possible to have goal line technology because it is n't in the rules , they are the ones that made the rules and have the ability to change them . 
  unlikely to be the case for 20 years . 
  does he ever address what problems this could cause to other eurozone countries with bailouts ? 
  surely it 's going to effect them negatively with speculation about which countries could be next to `` temporarily '' leave ? 
  not sure how safe i would consider money in a portuguese bank ( for example ) if this happens to greece . 
  i 'm not sure that it is such a good idea , as soon as it happens to greece , hedge funds and investors will start speculating which country it will/could happen to next . 
  borrowing costs for portugal , ireland , spain and italy will go up . 
  also all the banks in these countries will suffer since people will be worried about what happens to their savings if their country does the same , they will want to move their money to a bank in a safer country ( probably germany ) , leading to the banks needing recapitalisation , requiring further bailouts and borrowing , making their situations worse . 
  the debt relief will happen , it just wo n't be called debt relief . 
  it 'll be debt restructuring , where greece wo n't pay interest for 20 or so years . 
  inflation will have the same effect as debt relief , and the eurozone governments wo n't have to admit to their populations that they forgave some of greece 's debt . 
  well he should have expected it , it was pretty clear that they would not extend the ela if the payment to the imf was missed . 
  so your argument is that no one knows what would happen . 
  since apparently economics is useless at predicting anything and that 's why we should believe you when you say that devaluation would have no benefits for the greek economy . 
  completely ignoring the fact that we have practical examples of actual countries that have gone through a period of devaluation and come out with a strong recovery , reasonably quickly afterwards . 
  just establishing their credentials as people who are considered to be knowledgeable when it comes to macro-economics . 
  it 's not just him , he concedes that other analysts such as krugman , weisbrot and rubini , one of whom happens to be a nobel prize winner all support the conclusion that devaluing the currency would be good for the greek economy . 
  but i 'm sure you know better . 
  except psychologically it is much harder to do , people are more accepting of inflation than they are of pay cuts . 
  but what it does do is fix the exchange rate between the 18 countries in the euro . 
  meaning any countries that have a competitive advantage in the beginning , from higher productivity , get to keep that advantage , as the other countries ca n't devalue relative to it . 
  talking about two different things here . 
  first , that was an article from 2012 when it was much more likely that a greek default would be the start of many other countries in the eurozone defaulting , that is less of a concern now . 
  it deals with the wider effect of a chaotic default and setting up a new currency . 
  the discussion we were having was about whether greece having a devalued currency would help the greek economy . 
  and to underline my original point , here 's a quote from your own link :  analysts like krugman , weisbrot and rubini make the utterly good point that greece would benefit enormously from a devaluation of its currency . 
  of course it would . 
  i 'm sure it will provide a boost to tourism which is a large part of the greek economy . 
  greece needs it 's currency to devalue relative to it 's trading partners , many of whom happen to be in the eurozone , so it 's not benefiting greece anywhere near as much as it could . 
  the actual exchange rate is irrelevant , it 's the relative exchange rate , your old currency would have appreciated against spanish , italian , greek , portuguese etc. . . 
  currencies , making your exports less competitive . 
  by being in a currency union you stop this happening . 
  this gives you a huge advantage against these economies . 
  which would just lead to other countries printing money to do the same . 
  what is smart about the euro is that there are 17 other countries that ca n't print currency to compete with germany . 
  but the argument is that you made a lot more than 29 billion from having an undervalued currency that has made your exports far more competitive for many years . 
  today i feel like if the referendum was now i would vote no and i have always been pro-eu . 
  i am disappointed with the lack of any leadership on the situation with greece , noone was willing to make a politically unpopular but economically necessary argument that greece will require some sort of debt forgiveness and the early it is done the quicker they can recover . 
  i 'm especially disappointed with germany ( and to a lesser extent some other `` northern '' countries ) , which have reaped the benefits of a single currency but are not willing to pay for some of the costs that are byproducts of their economic success . 
  they are still pushing for all the `` southern '' economies to change without addressing any of the problems caused by the lack of consumer spending in their own countries . 
  this is all just papering over cracks , but not implementing any long term changes which will prevent such a situation from reoccurring . 
  tusk obviously had the a-greek-ment pun planned well in advance , made sure that he would be able to use it . 
  it 's a psychological thing , tell someone they have to take a 50 % pay cut , they will protest , possibly strike and hate their employer , and of course be unhappy . 
  if instead over a few months everything goes up in price by 100 % , they have effectively taken the same pay cut , and they may be unhappy , but they wo n't blame their employer . 
  people are more accepting of inflation than pay cuts . 
  because of the rise of eurosceptics in many countries making it much harder to get a yes in a referendum . 
  they do n't want to repeat the process of going back again and again until they manage to get something that every countries referendum says yes too . 
  would take a long time . 
  well i saw a prediction that it would take about $ 25 billion in aid to get greece up and running out of the euro . 
  that 's less than the current requirements for a third bailout . 
  if you think you are not going to be paid back either way , then it 's cheaper to pay greece to leave now than in a couple of years . 
  also there 's a reason they organised the meeting on sunday for all eu countries , they are much more likely to get non-eurozone countries to give part of the humanitarian aid . 
  i do n't think there will be a treaty change for a while . 
  with the difficulties of getting stuff past referenda in multiple countries , they will use other ways to get whatever changes they need . 
  the talk in the uk is that cameron will get some concessions and also some promises for future treaty changes . 
  i do n't think they are expecting to get any treaty changes before the referendum . 
  wo n't happen , if there is a treaty change , ireland at least ( probably a few other countries as well ) would require a referendum . 
  unlike greece they will not allow it to be rushed ( although even 8 days would be too long at this point ) . 
  anyone else surprised turnout is only 62 % , would have expected it to be much higher for something this important .
