  is it comparable to usual turnouts in greek elections ? 
  edit : to answer my own question , it was 64 % at the last general election . 
  from what i can see , in denmark you do n't get taxed on the first 42,800 you earn ( or only get the 8 % gross tax ) . 
  from there everything over 422,000 is the lower tax rate ( on average 38 % ) and above is on average 47 % . 
  i got this from this [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_in_denmark ) . 
  now if we examine what a person earning 235,000 will pay . 
  taking off the gross tax gives 216,200 . 
  on 173,400 ( from 216,200-42 ,800 ) , 38 % is paid which is 65,892 . 
  leaving 107,508 . 
  total take home pay is then 150,308 . 
  which means they got taxed at 36.04 % this is the procedure i used to work out how much tax was paid . 
  anyway so for anyone earning less than 235,000 the effective tax rate is less than 36 % and more for anyone earning more . 
  oh i agree , that if people are being arrested for that it is not ideal . 
  however it is important to have a discussion about what speech we think should be protected and what should n't . 
  since almost everyone seems to agree that there should be some limits , whether that is in the interest of preventing panic with false statements , or inciting violence against a group , or harassing an individual , or whatever else , we need to have a discussion to decide where these limits should be . 
  i 'm not convinced any country has is exactly correct and probably that will never be the case . 
  the us does n't have complete and total freedom of speech . 
  the fact that [ shouting fire in a crowded theater ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/shouting_fire_in_a_crowded_theater ) is not allowed is a restriction on freedom of speech . 
  i think it 's not as easy as saying we should make freedom of speech absolute , we have to make some tough decisions on what is permissible and what is n't . 
  perhaps we need to move closer to what the us allows , but that also frees up many people to do things we might not want , such as corporations and extremely wealthy people buying adverts during elections or pharmaceutical companies advertising prescription drugs . 
  yeah , i understand that , was just trying to explain to atomickoala who thought that the convert percentage was lower than expected , that it 's much higher than the percentage of converts in the general muslim population . 
  you have to compare it to percentage of converts in the muslim population . 
  it 's pretty hard to find statistics on that though , looking at germany , i found figures between 10,000 and 100,000 with the muslim population being 4.3 million , so between 0.2 and 2.3 % . 
  that means they are between 5 and 60 times more likely to go and fight in syria and iraq . 
   labour party members of parliament make up the largest group of mps in greater london as of 2015 . 
  the labour party holds forty-five of the seventy-three parliamentary constituencies in the capital in 2015 , after the 2015 general election . 
  45 labour vs 27 conservative . 
  london is really quite different politically than the rest of the south east and actually most of england . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_labour_party_members_of_parliament_in_london ), 
  no one has ever tested these treaties though . 
  could have a situation like wwi where the germans thought we would n't protect the belgians . 
  russia could assume similarly to germany that for us the treaties would not be worth risking a war ( in this case one that would potentially go nuclear ) when it comes down to it . 
  who knows if they would be correct , would hate to have the make the decision myself . 
  that 's not my point the guy i was responding to was saying that sitting out of iraq by france and belgium meant they did n't participate in any wars or bombing in the middle east . 
  it 's not fair to blame the war in iraq as the only motivation for these terrorists . 
  iraq is n't the only thing that isis are using to recruit , you have afghanistan , syria and libya too . 
  but it can be argued that things are only so bad now because of what we were trying to do back then . 
  look at iran , by forcing a secular leader on them for many years we fuelled the islamic revolution . 
  it 's naive to think that we would manage to do anything different this time . 
  imagine if the communists had done that in western europe or the us , do you think we would all become communists ? 
  or would we hate the people forcing their views on us even more than before ? 
  you ca n't force people to have a secular government if they do n't want it . 
  you are advocating genocide ? 
  i do n't think we win by doing that either . 
  interesting how every country thinks of themselves as most compassionate and other than italy and the czech republic least arrogant . 
  the only positive thing that anyone seems to have got a good hold on is trustworthiness with germany having convinced everyone other than greece . 
  hottest , in this context , just means currently popular . 
  it is not to do with his physical appearance . 
  it was because there was an article written about him around 5 years ago when he published an economics book which sold well but was hotly debated because of its content . 
  this website obviously just wanted him to sound more important than he is and just stole it from an article which talked about the debate that had been generated from his book . 
  i think the biggest sovereignty issue is purely because very few people in the uk care about who is elected as an mep to represent then in the eu parliament . 
  they do n't have much knowledge of the parties that exist in the parliament or who leads them . 
  people are a lot more comfortable with the idea of their mps deciding on laws than a group of people you ca n't name or would n't recognise if a picture was put in front of you . 
  they have a much better idea of which party is on which side of the arguments and generally any contentious decisions are discussed in the media before , with some explanation of the different viewpoints . 
  whereas the laws that come from the eu are mostly only reported once they have already been decided ( although there has been an increase in reporting earlier in the process when it relates to some of that larger issues lately ) . 
  is not that they did n't vote for them , it 's that the vote is n't considered particularly important . 
  this is due to how it is reported and i think also partially did to how meps are chosen , via a party list . 
  there is n't a single mep that 's meant to represent the interests of the people that live in your constituency ( as the people elected are a group from each region ) , so it 's easy to feel like you are n't represented . 
  he 's already an mp , i guess you mean pm . 
  not with the tory government , they are happy to pay more in administration to reduce benefits as it suits their ideology , ensuring ` fairness ' . 
  at that point ukip would actually win the 2020 election . 
  this is just stupid fearmongering from the people that want to leave the eu . 
  they will respect the agreement it would be stupid not to . 
  how would that make a difference ? 
  it might add a small error from conversion but nowhere near this much . 
  not really , it 's to judge whether things are improving , getting worse or staying the same . 
  it shows the difference in the employment rate between 2009 and 2014 . 
  no , most civilised societies have checks and balances to ensure majorities ca n't take advantage of minorities . 
  this is why we have things like human rights laws so that a majority of people ca n't take advantage and pass laws that favour their sex or race or religion . 
  it would be the same in this case , you have some checks and balances so the majority ca n't exploit the minority . 
  no the other countries would n't necessarily have to as it would be an eu law . 
  there is nothing to prevent non-eu countries from doing what they want . 
  depends if this means that non-eurozone countries have to all agree to a veto , or a majority of them or some number of them ? 
  if it has to be all , i do n't think it solves the problem , as the eurozone would n't find it difficult to provide incentives to convince one of the non-eurozone countries ( especially as some of them will eventually join the eurozone anyway ) . 
  maybe a majority is workable . 
  you do n't understand my point i think , my problem is that the eurozone countries can make eu laws . 
  the uk is not part of the eurozone but it is part of the eu . 
  the eurozone countries can pass a law for example that says if a bank wants to trade with euro 's it must be based in the eurozone , this would become an eu law and not a eurozone law . 
  the uk would be legally required to comply with it , and they effectively have no power to stop it as the eurozone countries have a majority of the votes . 
  no one is talking about stopping the ecb from setting interest rates or vetoing whatever fiscal consolidation happens between eurozone countries or whatever bank guarantee schemes the eurozone wants to create , the problem is solely to do with eu laws and regulations . 
  yeah it 's a fiscal policy for now , but they ( the ecb ) lost out because of current eu laws , the problem is that the eurozone controls enough votes to change eu laws and that is the uk 's worry . 
  i still think it is unfair that the eurozone countries make up a majority of all voting power in eu institutions , there is no way for non-eurozone countries to stop them from passing eu laws that benefit eurozone countries and damage non-eurozone countries . 
  i am talking about eu laws here , the uk and other non-eurozone countries have no recourse other than to leave if the eurozone countries decide to pass an eu law that favours themselves over these other countries . 
  i put [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/10957871/ecb-and-uk-clash-over-euro-clearing-house-ban.html ) link in the first post in this chain . 
  it is from 2014 when the ecb was trying to force clearing houses to move from the uk into the eurozone . 
  this was when this issue became a much bigger concern for the uk and since then the british government has been trying to ensure that the eurozone wo n't attempt to make future moves like this and try to force companies to relocate into the eurozone , giving themselves an advantage over the uk . 
  i think the uk 's position is getting a bit confused . 
  the uk has problems with eurozone countries deciding on which eu laws or regulations they would like as a group , without the input of non-eurozone countries and then passing them in the european parliament or the through the european commission as they have a majority in those bodies . 
  this is what the uk has problems with so it is precisely the first point in your you list and matches up to :  if they say okay euro countries will get extra benefits for they agricultural industry , okay i 'd understand your worry . 
  well , i guess i consider it a problem while you do n't think is a problem . 
  i thought the eu was meant to be about having a better system for everyone and not just to try and get advantages over one another . 
  i 'm not saying that france ca n't pass laws in france to help themselves and disadvantage the uk . 
  i just do n't think they should be able to pass laws and create regulations for eu institutions that do that . 
  the uk and other non-eurozone countries are part of the eu , if the eurozone countries vote together to force laws or regulations on the non-eurozone members , that is unfair . 
  no it 's not , a good analogy of this the uk , as england as the most mps in the parliament they could pass laws that benefit england at the detriment of scotland/wales/northern ireland ( and some would say they do , but let 's leave that discussion for another day ) , these laws are then legally binding for the whole of the uk . 
  it 's the same in this case , the eurozone controls a majority of the votes in the eu , they can force laws on the other members of the eu . 
  i do n't think you are understanding my point . 
  i am saying both ways are unacceptable and there is no good solution . 
  if there is no veto or other mechanism to prevent the majority from passing laws and regulations it 's unfair on the minority . 
  but at the same time it 's unfair for a single country to be able to block everything .
