  my whole point is that there is no good solution . 
  no , i 'm saying the eurozone countries as they form a majority in the eu should n't be able to pass laws for the eu that give themselves an advantage and give non-eurozone countries a disadvantage . 
  i 'm talking about eu laws and regulations . 
  i 'm talking about ways to prevent eurozone countries passing eu laws to give themselves advantages . 
  it 's unfair for the eurozone as they form a majority in the eu to be able to dictate laws to non-eurozone members which help the eurozone members and hurt the others . 
  i know that 's why my first post was about this problem , how do you prevent the majority from taking advantage or passing favourable laws for themselves while preventing a country from blocking something that would be better for the whole group . 
  that is not the point . 
  i 'm not arguing about whether the uk can keep the pound or avoid further integration . 
  but let 's say that the eu passes a regulation that banks have to carry out certain types of financial transactions or services when using a currency in a country where that currency is from , ( for example the clearing houses ) this would mean that financial institutions would be forced to move from london to somewhere in the eurozone . 
  there is nothing preventing the eurozone countries from passing these kinds of laws as they are in the majority . 
  these laws do n't have to be worded to favour the euro or to force the uk to join , but can still be bad for the uk and the idea of a single market . 
  no these are to prevent eu laws and regulations ... 
  it 's precisely that , it 's to stop brussels from being able to pass laws/regulations over everyone . 
  i do n't see how this gives brussels more powers . 
  there is a problem with an eu with a majority of countries in a currency union , how do you ensure that those countries do n't just pass laws or regulations that give themselves an advantage at the cost of the others ? 
  not really sure there is any reasonable solution . 
  i remember when the ecb were trying to force euro clearing houses to be located in the eurozone ( [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/10957871/ecb-and-uk-clash-over-euro-clearing-house-ban.html ) ) which would have force them to move from london and cost the uk in terms of jobs and tax revenue , it cost the british government quite a bit to prevent that , how do you stop this from happening in the future if there is n't some sort of veto ? 
  but if there is some sort of veto you can get a single country stopping any agreements . 
  there does n't seem to be any good solution . 
  i did find it funny that on cameron asking that people should n't be able to get child benefit for children living in other countries , the commission just said we will leave it up to individual countries to decide . 
  this was because for most countries it would cost more in administration than the savings that would be made , probably for the uk too . 
  however the difference in the uk is that the current government is more ideological than practical , they will happily do less efficient things if the can be sold as ` fair ' to the general public . 
  that includes votes for both parties . 
  yeah but that is a coalition , merkel 's party got 33.8 % of the vote . 
  i do n't think that is true , many politicians have approval ratings that are greater than their vote share . 
  merkel for example had approval ratings of over 70 % in 2013 and 2014 . 
  just because they are from an opposition party does n't mean that you think they should resign . 
  well considering that her refugee policy was n't exactly that important before the recent crisis i do n't think many people would have said that she should resign because of that in the past . 
  i agree that they may have had other reasons which they considered significant enough for her to resign , but until recently she had hugely favourable numbers ( she had an approval rating of over 70 % as recently as 2014 ) . 
  it 's still pretty significant that 40 % think that she should resign even if more people think that she should n't . 
  it shows that a large number of people have significant concerns . 
  why are you comparing the us to the baltic states , why not france , germany , uk , italy or spain ? 
  is it because the baltic states are the only parts where the homicide rate is greater than the us ? 
  in all the countries in listed the rate is around a quarter of the us rate . 
  not sure if it 's really true , just something people keep repeating about it being easier to work illegally in the uk . 
  from a bbc article :  the size of black economies is hard to gauge , making the demand for unregistered , untaxed workers difficult to know . 
  but it 's thought those of france and the uk are verysimilar . 
  in 2013 , the management consultancy firm at kearney estimated that the black economy was the equivalent of 10 % of gdp in both countries . 
   but the oecd , in 2012 , put the uk 's `` non-observed economy '' at 2.3 % of gdp . 
  that of france was 6.7 % , arguably implying more opportunity for illegal workers there . 
   despite this , the oecd estimated in 2011 that the use of illegal immigrants represented 1 % of total employment in the uk - higher than the 0.75 % in france . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-33268521 ) it 's much more due to the fact that some want to reunite with family and there is a lot of misinformation . 
  they think for whatever reason that the situation in the uk is better than in france . 
  i remember seeing a documentary around 5 years ago about afghani 's sleeping on the streets in athens but when they called home they would tell their families that they have a nice flat and a job . 
  this would then encourage more members if their families to make the dangerous trips . 
  i think there is a similar situation here , with people that have made it across from france to the uk telling those left behind that their situation is much better , when in reality it is much the same . 
  but that 's giving them a incentive that will lead to more deaths . 
  if we say all you need to do is make your way to germany/sweden and then you will be granted asylum and help . 
  this encourages people to take risks by paying people smugglers ( some of whom will not be trustworthy and will be exploiting these people ) as well as taking huge risks on the unsafe boats to get to greece , where we know people are dying . 
  i do n't think the two things are really related . 
  even if you allow defaults within the currency union you would still prefer to have a mechanism to ensure that countries do not spend beyond their means . 
  any default will have a large negative effect on the whole union , which would be greater than that you would have for an equivalently sized trading partner defaulting . 
  by going into a union you are adding some additional risks , as you do n't have control over the behaviour of the other governments and it is in the interest of all of the members to try and limit the harm that any member can do . 
  well you are comparing two different things . 
  a country that is going bankrupt that is n't in a currency union , with a country going bankrupt that is in one . 
  not sure why you brought up the us states then as they have not gone bankrupt and as my links showed there is no mechanism for them to do so . 
  argentina is n't and was n't in a currency union . 
  not sure where you got the idea that us states can go bankrupt : [ state ca n't declare bankruptcy ] ( http://www.news-gazette.com/news/local/2013-07-20/state-cant-declare-bankruptcy.html ) the federal bankruptcy code does not allow -- and has never allowed -- state governments to declare bankruptcy . 
  since 1937 , the bankruptcy code has allowed ` municipalities ' to declare bankruptcy . 
  the term ` municipality ' is defined in the bankruptcy code as a ` political subdivision or public agency or instrumentality of a state . ' this definition is broad enough to include cities , counties , townships , school districts and public improvement districts . 
  it also includes revenue-producing bodies that provide services which are paid for by users rather than by general taxes , such as bridge authorities , highway authorities and gas authorities . 
  but it does not include state governments . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.csg.org/pubs/capitolideas/enews/issue65_3.aspx ), 
  not saying it is n't flawed , was just explaining why us would n't be top according to the metric / u/tacobenderz was using . 
  per capita , population of us is 5 times as big but they only won about 2 times as many medals . 
  if scotland is the reason the uk stays in the eu there will be a lot of people with pro-scottish sentiment too . 
  i 'm sure it will balance out . 
  not sure that is the case :  two thirds ( 67 % ) of those describing themselves as asian voted to remain , as did three quarters ( 73 % ) of black voters . 
   nearly six in ten ( 58 % ) of those describing themselves as christian voted to leave ; seven in 10 muslims voted to remain . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/who-voted-brexit-how-eu-8277077 ), 
  [ here 's ] ( http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate-uk/2012/06/01/a-german-debt-purchase-is-a-bet-on-euro-zone-break-up/ ) a blog article on reuters written by a professor of finance expressing the same idea . 
  you could argue it is safer to hold german government bonds than cash euros if you think there 's a reasonable chance that the eurozone breaks up and national currencies are reintroduced as you will be forced into accepting whichever currency your current jurisdiction adopts ( unclear what happens to people outside of the eurozone ) . 
  however the german government will pay back its obligations in whichever currency they adopt , which is likely to be one of the currencies that shall appreciate versus the others most . 
  considering yields in banks holding cash deposits are tiny you might be willing to sacrifice them ( and pay a bit more ) for this form of insurance . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the british diplomat suggested it should be extended to the uk for a select group that hold special passports . 
  headline is pretty misleading . 
  the important quote :  in one leaked document , ms douglas said that when the eu deal was implemented `` we will need to develop our own lines on the uk 's stance to visa-free travel for turks '' . 
   `` one option would be to assess again the possibility of visa travel for turkish special passport holders which would be a risk , but a significant and symbolic gesture to turkey . '', 
  it 's basically german taxpayers paying german firms to build in poland . 
  it 's just a way to subsidise industry by the german government . 
  every western country does this all over the world . 
  yeah i would have assumed frankfurt too , not sure why they are planning otherwise . 
  i think their contingency planning is for a move to stuttgart for the majority of the people although it will be spread out . 
  ca n't wait until the referendum is over , always managed to be shocked by how uninformed people are . 
  i ca n't believe that remain have n't just come out and stated the fact that leaving the eu wo n't get rid of freedom of movement . 
  it 's almost as if it is two different groups of people holding different opinions . 
  netflix will struggle since the bbc have launched their own store . 
  there is also talk of a british netflix from bbc , itv and channel 4 . 
  not sure they will sell as many rights to them in the future . 
  yeah that 's not really different to most european countries . 
  they all have areas of high immigration and areas with little or no immigration . 
  my point still stands , the majority of americans are showing by the way they vote that this is not an important issue for them . 
  you can see [ this poll ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/08/24/what-americans-want-to-do-about-illegal-immigration/ ) which has only 17 % of the public in favour of deporting illegal immigrants . 
  the foreign born population as a percentage of us population is much larger than pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  americans are more liberal on this issue than europeans . 
  i 'm unclear on what you are disagreeing with me on . 
  i struggle to see how any major party in europe would win an election with the democrats immigration policy , which is more liberal than european countries . 
  i 'm not saying everyone in the country agrees with it . 
  it makes it easier for illegal immigrants .
