  it 's not d'hont it 's that votes are assigned to provinces . 
  exactly . 
  in madrid ens roba , c 's is the third party with more votes than psoe, 
  but they should need the same amount of votes for a national election . 
  someone pointed up there that something similar happens with coalici\u00f3n canaria and upyd ( and i add , the pacma ) . 
  i never said that was n't unfair too but iu has more votes than compromis or esquerra and less than 4 times the seats . 
  yep . 
  i do n't know why they used so many brands . 
  still i 'm pissed at the difference between votes and seats ( i 'm looking at iu ) , not that is anything new but completely defeats the purpose of one person one vote . 
  podemos ( just podemos ) at this moment has less votes than c 's but about 10 more seats . 
  ciudadanos is getting similar votes to podemos . 
  it 's the areas those votes are that are hurting them . 
  it 's unfair the relationship between votes and seats . 
  iu is getting way less seats with three times the votes . 
  i meant if the voting does n't end in absolute majority ( that 's probably fucked up english ) . 
  of course they 'd need resources to leave but they have to learn there 's a possibility and they 're as key as the men in the integration ( maybe even more if they stay home with the kids ) . 
  i agree it 's a clustefuck . 
  i agree , but for once nationalists parties might not be needed . 
  in the article the guy says they can rape any woman they want . 
  i 've talked to people from south america ( honduras ) who 've told me rape is all over the place . 
  my neighbor 's wife ( moroco ) is locked up at home ( if i 'm lucky i might spot her twice or three times a year ) and now their 14 year old is too ( she used to play with other kids now i guess she 's `` a woman '' ) ... 
  in many countries women are a property , and both women and men should learn that 's not the case in europe . 
  while they 're at it what about teaching women they do n't have to put up with abusive husbands and they have rights ? 
  i fear that these men could end up abusing women of their own culture since they know the women have been taught they are no better than furniture . 
  it 's not the first time more than one party is needed to form a stable government ( both pp and psoe have needed the help of ciu to govern ) . 
  it 's the first time though that nationalist parties probably wo n't be needed if there 's a need to pact . 
  they 're cars in spain too, 
  also , i read he 's family , the guy is the son of rajoy 's wife 's cousin , i think . 
  you do know turkey is n't part of the eu right ? 
  when you go to the us they make you fill a document where they ask if you 're a communist , a nazi , where are you going to stay , if you 're going to work ... 
  they expect everyone to tell the truth . 
  i do n't agree with insulting people but christians might wonder why they can be insulted ( and told they 're extremists if they complaint ) and other religions ca n't . 
  it was about 15 years ago and it was crazy to have snow in june . 
  exactly . 
  and this year it feels like spring with 17 \u00b0 c, 
  we 're getting less and less snow in madrid but when it does snow it 's usually february ( except that weird year that snowed in june ), 
  i 'm curious , do they all have all the free things listed above ? 
  it 's hard to find flanders-like people here , in fact we tend not to complain too much to the authorities ( privately we 'd rant forever ) , also i honestly doubt that authorities would do something about it unless it was very blatant at least in small towns where my experience of the relationship between the police and the muslim community comes from . 
  ladino is alive . 
  i do n't think it 's a song though, 
  you need a queimada and some meigas !, 
  the yogurt grandma !, 
  hehehe i love the books !, 
  i read an article today that the do n't like it because it 's the arabic acronim and it also sounds like something similar to an insult . 
  in spain eu citizens ( residents ) can vote in some elections , but spanish nationals can vote in everything by mail even if they 're not living in spain . 
  edit : i think it 's not only eu residents, 
  so a whole foreign country could vote in british elections , get money from britain and present themselves to rule in the parliament ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  more mind boggling is that they want both nationalities if they become independent . 
  well , in spain people who know martial arts can get in big trouble if they get into a fight with someone unarmed . 
  i live in madrid and i wonder where they got their data . 
  but we 're latin . 
  it 's a pity the word is the same in spanish and now we have people saying only some south americans are latin . 
  in the states they asked me if i 'd ever been to europe, 
  i was expecting [ amo a laura ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrdvg_jatii ) or [ yo vias\u00e9 un corra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6c0bndqf3y ) and youtube had to remind me of [ locomia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6zr1bzd7i8 ) ... 
  plural you , as in independentists . 
  so , if you ( catalonia ) become independent , should we let a whole foreign country vote on our general elections ? 
  if you want to be independent you should be completely , do n't try to con us . 
  why would you want to leave spain to be something else but still want to keep your spanish nationality except to get benefits from a country you no longer belong to ? 
  i 'm not rajoy but you know what they say about a wrong clock . 
  so the rest off the country ( that i did n't know it was called madrid ) deserves to be insulted for their ideas . 
  also , you 've been insulting people from madrid , andalusia , extremadura , galicia ... do n't expect to have a lot of support from people you insult . 
  fyi i 'm pro referendum but also pro complete independence : if you leave i 'm all for taking from you the spanish nationality . 
  so , we 're guilty of catalonia 's problems , we steal from them , we 're fascists , racists and of course ca n't complain when we 're insulted . 
  yes we do but we 're tired of being insulted, 
  in my town 's school there 're no christmas carols anymore because the school does n't want to upset the muslim community . 
  the parents are pissed . 
  yes , do german schools visit christian churches ? 
  if they do , parents should also have the right to refuse that visit . 
  i agree . 
  i did n't even know that it 's supposed to be eaten by a fig tree and cooked by a man ... 
  so passenger 's insurance makes no sense ? 
  or paying taxes just like any other worker does ? 
  why are uber employees so special they 're allowed to avoid taxes when everybody else is n't ? 
  in spain we have several services compiting with taxis and they 're abiding the law : drivers have to have a licence and pay taxes , passengers are insured , ... 
  even uber is working here legally . 
  and those services are cheaper than taxis , so there 's no need to risk workers or passengers rights . 
  uber was back in spain ( at least in madrid ) when they started working legally ( lisenced drivers and insurance for the passengers ) . 
  cabify worked legally from the beginning , so taxi drivers try to boycott them and i 've heard they 've burned some cars . 
  car2go are legal too ( and very popular ) and `` suddenly '' several cars appeared with their glasses broken one morning . 
  how is sexist to make that claim ? 
  and i wonder how a word that means `` male chauvinist pig '' in spanish ended up meaning masculine in english . 
  this . 
  they 're very different in their behaviour , way of dressing ... 
  we volunteer our politicians !, 
  the second one was called troll , and the owner has a dog named arwen , so i guess he 's just a lotr fan . 
  edit : i do n't think a trophy hunter cares about the animal 's name, 
  with 700 followers that was n't sharing a photo album with the family . 
  i understand the parents not understanding internet enough at the time , but refusing when the kid asked for removal to the point she had to sue ? 
  that 's weird . 
  only four have an army ? 
  which ones does n't ? 
  they 're less homogeneous than you might think . 
  [ yearly temperatures in spain . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j9vrhr6.jpg ) and anyway , it 's not a race , is about taking into account borders when the weather inside them varies a lot . 
  same for spain . 
  yep . 
  families here are living supporting each other , some even live out of the grandparents pensions if the rest are unemployed . 
  i do n't see how that would work in many northern countries . 
  the real turning point was miguel angel blanco 's murder that turned eta supporters against the group .
