very good summary of the situation . 
  yes , but usually it 's 40 h/week . 
  also , shops open on saturday morning and may or may not close in sat evening . 
  having such numbers of seats in the parliament has helped them be the key party to elect presidents for years . 
  both pp and psoe would pact with ciu to govern , and ciu had been using that for years . 
  they have n't been powerless , in fact it 's been quite the opposite ( but ciu wanted money , talks of independence at this scale are fairly recent ) . 
  i do n't care if they leave as soon as it 's for good ( they still want the spanish citizenship and be able to vote , even if they get the independence ) . 
  i know plenty of people who 'd do this instead of having a couple of hours for lunch , but in many companies ( for some weird reason ) you have to stay until late at the office as if that 'd meant you 're working a lot , and having a long break contributes to leaving later . 
  you 're right . 
  shops open from 10-14 and then from 16:30 -20:30 more or less . 
  if they opened from 10 to 20:30 they 'd need additional personnel . 
  edit : source in case you need the data : http://elecciones.mir.es/resultadosgenerales2011/99cg/dcg99999to_l1.htm look at the votes of both iu and upyd and compare them to ciu, 
  do you know that catalan people have more representation in the parliament than other parties which received more votes ? 
  oh , sure , let 's erase aragon, 
  i really hope it wo n't happen , but catalan nationalists take it for granted . 
  but if you 've followed the debates they said they have the right because the constitution says so , even if they do n't care what the constitution says about the independence . 
  i really do n't mind if they go , but if they do they should go for good . 
  yes . 
  they 'd have the same rights any other spanish citizen living abroad, 
  i 'm all for them voting if they want the independence , but at this time it has become a joke : they recently said they want both nationalities . 
  this is one of the main points . 
  if a country implements it , how is it going to stop people from immigrating there just to get bi ? 
  i ask this because people i 've talked to are in favor of giving bi to every immigrant . 
  yep, 
  this . 
  columbus and cervantes are catalan now . 
  i really want them to go so they can stop insulting the rest of the country and feeling sorry for themselves . 
  oh , and having a huge weight in the parlament . 
  yes , madrid is full of farmland ( farm-asphalt ? ), 
  and empty ( but people are finishing their holidays soon ), 
  we have those too . 
  they 're called torreznos . 
  not only eu , i do n't know if it 's every legal immigrant or if the countries have some kind of agreement , but immigrants from outside the eu can vote . 
  i do n't know how it works in other countries , but immigrants can vote in some elections in spain . 
  nah , in spain is bigger : as you said many people do n't show up in the statistics , like long term unemployed people , people who are taking courses , etc. 
  not really . 
  they deleted a couple of contestants : blas de lezo and rocinante . 
  [ evidence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_ii_of_spain ), 
  thank you !, 
  heheh , it makes sense . 
  thank you !, 
  wonderful sounds less fun , but great either way . 
  sounds fun but what does it mean ? 
  are we a character from the princess bride ? 
  i 'd go with [ hot chocolate ] ( https://imgur.com/93xhm0l ) . 
  the kind we have with churros and it 's very thick . 
  usually found on chocolaterias ( though the touristy ones add to much milk ) . 
  edit : i love valor 's chocolate with almonds and suchard 's turron, 
  found the republican spaniard . 
  shops open at 10 , offices usually start at 8 . 
  there 's a huge overlap because you have very different schedules . 
  nobody needs an hour and a half to drink a coffee cup . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's fire or a street light , because you can see ( on the ops post ) a guy holding one flare on the bridge , with lots of smoke coming out from it . 
  if it 's fire , it 's a lot . 
  near . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/xyo5ewt ) you can see the bridge and the mosque . 
  we do n't call it like that , we call it political correctness and civilizations alliance . 
  and revered outside of spain . 
  i would n't say they are revered here . 
  yep . 
  no-one i know would say penelope cruz is a good actress . 
  they might agree javier bardem is a good actor , though i do n't think he 's respected ( there 're plenty of people who do n't like his political involvement ) . 
  for actresses : ana torrent , mercedes sampietro , amparo bar\u00f3 , blanca portillo ... 
  though i think only ampar\u00f3 bar\u00f3 is well known and respected . 
  yep . 
  the public one i use on my 50 km commute . 
  those are romanian gypsies . 
  exactly . 
  i can barely believe we have netflix now . 
  i 'm not discarding cultural relativism : our laws are the product of our culture and history , and some would be unthinkable 50 years ago ( gay marriage , for example ) . 
  morals have changed through the history of humanity many times and usually have been expressed ultimately through the law . 
  the thing is , these are the laws our citizens want and if someone wants to live here they have to accept them , the same way if i go to live in a foreign country i have to abide the local law . 
  we have the law which is a enforced arbitrary moral code the citizens have to abide , if they are here , they have to respect it . 
  exactly . 
  he 's going to lose the party whatever he does , so he 's trying to be president in the way . 
  my bet is that they already have an agreement ( psoe & podemos ) and they 're trying to make it look like this is a very difficult negotiation . 
  interesting . 
  thank you !, 
  only the women get drunk ? 
  i mean , is this a festival just for women ? 
  it 's the first on a pregnant woman , it seems . 
  ooh !, 
  so that 's where they went !, 
  iirc romans used the internal wars against us . 
  iu got 2 seats with 900k votes . 
  pnv got 6 seats with 300k . 
  the relevancy had nothing to do with the votes, 
  thank you !, 
  those pics are amazing . 
  what 's the source ? 
  and froilan shot himself in the foot . 
  literally : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/felipe_de_marichalar_y_borb%c3%b3n, 
  also , we do n't know if it was consensual . 
  what did the girl say ? 
  i 'm guessing she said it was consensual , too or he 'd have to go to jail . 
  bad article . 
  i saw it yesterday and it was huge . 
  not a lens trick . 
  you need to read a bit about wwii : snipers , pilots ... 
  they worked very well,
