  of course some will , some wo n't . 
  depends on how intelligent a person is . 
  i realise that people wa n't to be funny , but you are kind discrediting your countries with such threads . 
  we are only here because a lot of civilized and uncivilized people got slaughtered , but you are right , people should n't just revert to history in the search for their identity . 
  a cheap salad or kebab . 
  yes , i know russia has been developing their own micro chips for some time , but i do n't know how capable they are . 
  the elbrus architecture is certainly not very impressive . 
  yes , but it 's open source . 
  they can use a linux distro for that , replacing the hardware would be the hard part . 
  bulgaria can not into electricity . 
  that title . 
  that looks terrible . 
  i mean the statue is fine by itself , but the giant `` hood '' behind it ... 
  `` german + russian subs '' yeah thanks -_-, 
  you 're welcome . 
  it 's `` boyan '' by viktor vasnetsov . 
  burn cars i guess , thats kind of romantic . 
  now we 're talking !, 
  has potential certainly , but i think it fails to capture our most prominent trait ... [ stealing jobs in the west ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-gbhiq0b1nrm/usnxv6lcuii/aaaaaaaacei/ybshrs4sjuq/w576-h565/bulgarians.jpg ), 
  i work as a qa software tester , light bulbs are a hardware problem . 
  sadly we do n't really have the national variant . 
  it is a great shame for us . 
  not to mention russia stole the : * occupation ? 
  * no , just visiting . 
  joke from you : /, 
  potato is ... such is lif ... man you are such a buzzkill . 
  i was hoping you were going to say dangerous amounts of alcohol , but oh well . 
  right now ( 23:30 ) it 's 23c around here , but it feels a lot more thanks to all the concrete . 
  today was 31c , but there was a bit of wind so you could stay quite comfortable in the shade . 
  make sure not to go from ac to outside too quickly or too often . 
  the drastic change in temperature can really mess you up . 
  all your base are belong to us . 
  trust me , it wo n't . 
  i have to say , russia managed to give it a refreshing new spin . 
  russia is so 2014 , greece is the new media hit . 
  because it 's convenient to label certain people at certain times . 
  i would n't say 650cc is small , 
  saw your post about the kawasaki and it got my attention , i have a zr-7 , great motorcycles . 
  drop me a message if you decide to go throught bulgaria , i 'd love to go for a ride if your company is up for it . 
  i dont trust you . 
  i like the title hehe . 
  not really , if it comes to that point everybody will equally boned . 
  a lot of mistakes happen when certain people decide to make peace and spread democracy . 
  i will trust you ivan the bear . 
  i think the best part is he is wearing a super mario t-shirt and holding a russian ak . 
  what did i just read . 
  i see ... things have escalated !, 
  bulgars yes , todays bulgarians not so much . 
  bosnia plz . 
  that 's what they get for not following procedure . 
  external tanks should be removed before combat operations . 
  * why not . 
  * a question good . 
  its a vicious cycle . 
  oh come on poland , let 's not start this again . 
  are those the same from a few months ago or did they get a new model ? 
  not really , you mostly see them around gypsy settlements . 
  joke 's on them , you can still see them today . 
  well from the article it seems the driver is the one we should thank . 
  it 's mostly western europe and north america from what i 've seen , simply because they have never had to deal with this problem . 
  eesti can into nordic ? 
  you are probably right from the looks of it . 
  also most armored vehicles have automatic extinguishers ( like the one in the video ) , so you would have probably been fine . 
  yeah , no . 
  yes , literally everybody agrees with putin . 
  now that i read the whole thing , where does it say the interpreter skipped anything ? 
  he is speaking russian , also interestingly he used the russian term for ww2 . 
  i ca n't read the whole article 2 . 
  im pretty sure putin knows a fair bit of german anyway . 
  i 'll drown before i take your boat !, 
  even better !, 
  you know what they say : in hell the only people that are n't guarded by the devil are bulgarians because they push each other down !, 
  never too late for a rematch against you clay backstabbers . 
  party like it 's 1913 . 
  yeah , i should just post an article about the genocide against native americans on the 4th of july . 
  im sure it will go well . 
  also most of the vehicles that came through were n't build for the russian army standards and could hardly be serviced and used . 
  what great timing for such an article . 
  literally the first sentence ... `` a tow vehicle was brought in , but the t-14 armata tank later managed to drive on its own '', 
  inb4 they find some subs and destroyers floating around . 
  \u0422he bad quality compared to the original really killed it for me : /, 
  west ukraine is too much trouble and the east is ruined by war . 
  taking crimea was enough . 
  russia does n't want ukraine . 
  they just want it as the unstable mess it is right now . 
  i suppose that depends on your definition of peaceful . 
  literally the first sentence : `` the eu has been deeply engaged in seeking a solution to the crisis in ukraine , which developed following months of peaceful protests on the central ` maidan ' in kyiv . '', 
  what ? 
  i disagree , it became useless as an airport a long time ago . 
  it was more of a symbol of resistance . 
  also i think they are currently building the new dome , so getting access would be even harder . 
  it 's always the balkans . 
  i know you are joking , but it would be hilarious if ww3 breaks out because of this `` country '' . 
  * and now ladies and gentlemen the sequel to the classic ww1 , with more countries and nukes !, 
  meh , as if an apology will change anything . 
  you mean the party that has been held since ( literally ) before putin was born . 
  lukashenko , a long-term ally of moscow , said he would `` probably '' be in moscow on may 7 and 8 with a delegation to `` show our unity with the russian people and others . '', 
  he added that moscow on may 8 will host events that he `` can not not participate in . '', 
  `` patriotic '', 
  an mod spokeswoman said : `` this routine inspection , which forms part of our obligations under the vienna document 2011 , will have no impact on joint warrior .
