both lacking , turkey would be much more useful . 
  oh excuse me , im sure that the us/france couldnt realistically send enough weapons . 
  and what can bulgaria realistically do to help in the fight agains isis ? 
  nothing . 
  ah the moscow times . 
  nobody is stopping you , go volunteer . 
  why wait till now to spill the beans ? 
  the ensuing international incident is often referred to as `` whiskey on the rocks '' '' hue hue hue, 
  and our car licence plates . 
  its the balkan way . 
  [ onward !, 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/invasion+time_827c7c_4961111.png ), 
  kind of funny how high you rank the uk . 
  bulgaria - banitsa and boza `` boza '' is brown . 
  you dont need tanks when you dont have a military . 
  no tanks . 
  and a bit further down : `` he did not say the value of the deal . 
  `` in a statoil context , this is a short-term and relatively low-volume agreement , '' he said '', 
  it isnt really . 
  distance wise . 
  flawless . 
  113 % positive vote . 
  i still think it would be hilarious if they just sail off and dont return . 
  windows tablets already run windows 8.1 and most native apps without an issue . 
  windows phone isnt that bad since last year , but they definately took too long to implement essential functions . 
  nokia killed nokia . 
  pretty ironic isnt it ? 
  yes , united we stand against sarcasm !, 
  yes , around here ( bulgaria ) a decent gaming computer is at least 600 euro . 
  something with an i5 and a r7 370 for example . 
  for a young worker ( 18-25 ) i would imagine the average salary is about 300 euro ( i work for a bit less than that ) . 
  with all the bills and possibly rent you wo n't be saving much or even anything . 
  having a good pc is considered a luxury for young people . 
  recently i build a good gaming pc for a collegue and it cost about 720 euro . 
  of course that 's all considering custom built stuff in order to get the best value . 
  in some regards yes , but people around here have been using it as an excuse for more then 20 years now . 
  the top comment and response are so civilized i had to read them twice to make sure it was n't elaborate trolling . 
  ask anybody from easter europe about anything and they will say that the communist did it . 
  do n't give them ideas hehe . 
  i also drink grain alcohol only , we must protect our precious bodily fluids !, 
  fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face . 
  17th century , never forget . 
   racist-meme mongers my new favourite term . 
  depends , around here they are pathetic . 
  in other european contries it 's fine . 
  indeed , especially if you get a western salary/pension , you can live pretty much care free around here . 
  silly vikings , you used to be better at geography . 
  im not sure you will enjoy the climate though . 
  pssst , come to the balkans , nobody expects the balkans . 
  i get to cross the border easier , other than that nothing interesting . 
  of course we got money for eu projects , but i 've seen how well it gets spent . 
  [ here is a picture of bulgarian immigrants , truly shocking . 
  ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-gbhiq0b1nrm/usnxv6lcuii/aaaaaaaacei/ybshrs4sjuq/w576-h565/bulgarians.jpg ), 
   i 've heard that those people [ immigrants ] , once they make their way through the mountains on our border , say `` just do n't send us back to bulgaria ! '' . 
  who knows what 's happening to them in that democratic country , an eu member state , when they 're reacting like that . 
  they are n't getting cash for nothing , that 's what 's happening :d, 
   i am unbiased . 
  hehehe hehe he, 
  do not worry friend !, 
  i can hate all rowdy tourists equaly and not discriminate based on race , nationality or alcohol consumption !, 
   but hey , we just party hard , not afraid to love , not afraid to hate , not afraid to call names and get into fights - get to know us , get to love us , because deep inside we 're all soft balls of fur and the greatest friends you 'll ever get . 
  that 's the thing i like about russia , no beating around the bushes , no small talk , just get to the point . 
  i will always respect a honest asshole more then a slimy liar . 
  and to that i say \u043d\u0430\u0437\u0434\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0435 !, 
  borders changing all the time ... 
  im afraid the huge bilboard gives their evil plans way . 
  [ i have no strong feelings one way or the other . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxk_na2ivxw ), 
  i hope you understand the difference betweem claiming the noth pole ( which plenty of countries have done ) and invading another country ( which is part of nato non the less ) . 
  no worries . 
  it 's still silly , i did n't say anything else . 
  yes and russia desperately needs oil ... 
   the occupier in question is russia , which takes over norway for its * oil * . 
  lol, 
  never tried it . 
  if you think this is bad you should read about how close we have been to nuclear ww3 already haha . 
  nobody is stopping you , well you would need a visa for the usa , but still . 
  not anymore with all this immigration !, 
  well , depends really , some people have very strong political beliefs and search for a way to display them . 
  i would argue that a real `` shill '' would try to mask their activity and pretend to have more interests . 
  that way it 's a lot less obvious . 
  of course he could be a bad `` shill '' , who is just lazy and wants to get paid . 
  on the internet you never know . 
  he said he is pro-russian in an earlier threat . 
  yup , i 've heard its pretty good , but i rarely get expensive vodka ( not much sense really ) and when i do it 's usually russian . 
  debatable , i feel like the cheap polish vodka is better then the cheap russian vodka , but the middle and expensive class is owned by russia ( and france funnily enough , if you really want to fork out ) . 
  i would be surprised if they did n't exist . 
  but i think people are blowing it out of proportion . 
  there will always be propaganda and this is just another hi-tech form of it . 
  yes , now that i read the whole article ( and checked the title ) it makes more sense . 
  yes , at first i was confused because the op changed the title . 
  this makes it seem like like 420 people died in one day . 
  for anybody wondering the number of people that died because of road accidents is 248 ( documented ) . 
   `` from 1969 to 1990 , a total of 248 people died in road accidents caused by soviet soldiers in czechoslovakia . '', 
   prague , aug 20 ( ctk ) - the soviet occupation of czechoslovakia claimed 402 lives from august 1968 until 1991 , while most of these people died in ** road accidents ** , daily lidove noviny ( ln ) writes yesterday , citing the latest data of the military history institute . 
  what ? 
  funny enough it rained all day around here . 
  that 's the thing , russia will simply say that he was on their side of the border . 
  it 's a complicated situation . 
  meh , im fine , sofia is a bit crowded anyway .
