  the inspection party will not have access to any sensitive information and will be accompanied throughout . '', 
   he saw that ukraine was in fact the nation he wanted russia to become , ** open , free , democratic ** , and part of the west ... hihi, 
  lets see how far back we can go !, 
  the us , they have some pretty catchy songs . 
  ehh , too much cultural difference and history between the two if you ask me . 
  impossible , ukraine was too important to let go . 
  and while russia is certainly not the ussr , the ussr was never destined to last , in the long run it will be for the best . 
  thats the thing , maybe 100 are fully functional , maybe 1000 ? 
  it doesnt matter , unless russia flat out declares ww3 , nobody will take the chance . 
  except they still have the ability to ( as people on reddit love to say ) glass half of the inhabitable world . 
  and nobody wants to take that risk . 
  yet here we are , russia 's back in business and we are poised for another cold war . 
  no , that would counter their interests . 
  but thats what russia would have wanted . 
  dont you see , neither side cares about freedom , democracy and all that crap . 
  power , influence , control - this is the moto of every super power . 
  thats the thing , even after the ussr fell , russia retained a huge amount of territory , man power and thousands of nuclear warheads ( lets face it , that matters ) . 
  and on the other side nato also stayed very much alive and even grew considerably . 
  you missunderstood me on ukraine , while i think the current goverment is not legitimate , i also dont agree with russia 's intervention in the east . 
  that started it , but russia only intervened after the goverment got thrown out . 
  russia will always have a its own sphere of influence . 
  the us simply took advantage of their weakness after the fall of the ussr and expanded nato as far as possible . 
  sure , countries arent forced to join , but russia undeniably sees this a threat . 
  and here we have the clash the of interests , culminating in the recent ukranian crisis . 
  whats happening there right now is wrong on a moral basis , but sadly fairly logical from a geo-political view . 
  you could n't and thats understandable , yet thats exactly what you are trying right now . 
  they protected a certain sphere of influence , the rest were left on their own . 
  hehe , beef would be the last i think of . 
  nobody is going to give a fuck since its in english . 
  its gon na be a huge shit storm and rt will have a field day anyway , i have my popcorn ready . 
  somebody has to be the shield , guess who its gon na be . 
  at least its a very good one . 
  the cgi was a bit wanky , but decent overall , 7.5 / 10, 
  so you mostly feel european because a bunch of people got killed ? 
  uh , to each their own i guess . 
  hahaha, 
  for anybody else wondering the buk is a soviet era aa missile platform . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  there was some shaky theory it got downed by a jet , but that was dismissed quickly . 
  oh yea , if that what they said . 
  i get that . 
  but i digress . 
  im just wondering since `` ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 '' would sound strange in russian . 
  something like `` ura '' would make more sense . 
  can you re-translate that part ? 
  `` after the speech captivated the audience shouted rbk channel location of the supplier to have been `` very seriously '' the slogan of `` ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , crimea is ours , annapas poland and finland . '' '', 
  its a bit confusing , is rbk a tv channel or something ? 
  there is a very interesting ( well tragic ) occurrence in our recent history . 
  a young man and his wife were murdered near a gypsy settlement in plovdiv ( they wanted to mug them ) . 
  the police could n't find the suspects . 
  turns out the man was a nephew of certain general . 
  his name was gen. stoyu nedelchev , former partisan and then commander of the armed forces in the stara zagora area . 
  he traveled to karlovo where an armored brigade was stationed . 
  an order was given and two tank battalions headed to plovdiv ... stolipinovo , the settlement/neighborhood was surrounded by armored vehicles and police officers . 
  some tried to fight back with axes/shovels etc. 
  but they soon gave up seeing the heavily armed police officers . 
  all houses were searched and any kind of weapon confiscated . 
  withing a week 9 gypsies were given over to the authorities . 
  greek minister of ... 
  exactly what you read . 
  also beating people to death every now and then . 
  and changed china for bulgaria ... 
  just gloomy to me . 
  its pretty clear from the way he wrote his question . 
  russia has been attacked numerous times by islamist terrorists in its recent history . 
  one of the worse ones being beslan . 
  well yes , they actually got a license to name it like that . 
  i was just giving you the backstory   after launching japan 's first plain yogurt in 1971 , we obtained naming rights from bulgaria -- the birthplace of yogurt -- culminating in the release of meiji bulgaria yogurt in 1973 . 
  for over 40 years , this genuine yogurt has attracted a wide and loyal following . 
  because of the lactobacillus bulgaricus , a bacteria used to make yogurt . 
  from the name you can guess it is found in bulgaria . 
  our yogurt is different from others as it tastes a bit sour/bitter . 
  that is why in bulgarian yogurt is roughly translated to `` sour milk '' . 
  it is popular in some countries and especially japan . 
  typical sailor . 
  there is just something strange about saakashili ... i do n't know how to describe it . 
  reading the title hurts if you know cyrillic . 
  the internet has finally been freed from western oppression , enjoy . 
  waiting for a `` little green men '' flair tovarish . 
  [ some slight changes have been made to the european anthem - `` ode to joy '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th-z6le3bha ), 
  free healthcare !, 
  thank you friend , always happens to me . 
  eh , it 's all in good spirit nowadays . 
  to be fair being a dick to your neighbors is a national pass time for the balkans \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yeah , it 's annoying from time to time , but does n't bother me on a daily basis . 
  not really , they can think whatever they want , for me it 's a lost cause by now . 
  macedonia , i ca n't be bothered to pronounce the whole acronym and fyrom sounds retarded . 
  technically yes , but that is a slippery slope to go down . 
   i am saying that i will go to russia only when the question of independence of my siberia arises . 
  originally i am from there . 
  i have a bit of a different attitude to siberia , i do not consider it as a part of russia . 
  i believe that it also was occupied by force , and at that time there were no russians ; only indigenous peoples lived there . 
  ironic . 
  got ta keep those dingoes out somehow . 
  yeah , but that 's a slippery slope . 
  austria and australia , lithuania and latvia , swaziland and switzerland etc , 
  it sounds nothing like chechnya to be honest . 
  we are on reddit , nobody reads the articles \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  too cold for crimes . 
  putin is literally hitler etc i guess .
