  tl ; dr  you might expect that ireland -- a country with heavy debt emerging from a serious recession -- would be delighted to get its hands on up to $ 19 billion of unanticipated tax revenue . 
  it is n't . 
  if apple is forced to pay these taxes to ireland , then ireland will seem much less attractive to other footloose multinationals looking to minimize their tax liability . 
  thanks \\ always happens on reddit for some reason . 
  thats supposed to be the joke \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  nobody expects the polish commonwealth . 
  hue hue hue . 
  ze russians are coming !, 
  perhaps i should have said scale . 
   she went full yandere this should be a term . 
  spoiler alert \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af  december  within days , president vladimir putin signs a law which gives the country 's constitutional court decision-making power on the implementation of judgements from the european court of human rights . 
  yes , it has been raining lately . 
  sounds pretty reasonable when you think about it . 
  some countries have different laws/traditions when it comes to fireworks . 
  haha , same . 
  i actually enjoy both ( though i kind of favor new year because i love fireworks ) . 
  christmas is celebrated with your family and new year 's eve with your friends . 
  egg coloring might predate christianity , but you have to consider the red egg is a symbol for the blood of christ . 
  so i would say this tradition ( when it comes to the balkans at least ) exists thanks to christianity . 
  not that im a devote believer or anything like that , but still . 
  too late , the commonwealth ii is upon us . 
  yeah , what a great way to convince them how bad russia is ... 
  how is it weak ? 
  two people died , that 's all that i stated . 
  one marine died during the rescue operation . 
  because there was no need to . 
  like i said , russia is to blame for the intrusion , but in my opinion that does n't justify shooting down the plane . 
  im not saying that turkey should take all the blame , but a simple `` we regret that two of your servicemen died '' would lessen the tension . 
  in turn russia could agree that a lack of communication contributed to the accident and they could work more closely with turkey in the future . 
  again , this wo n't happen because the current situation is more or less desired and both parties have different goals in the region . 
  i think it should be the other way around . 
  turkey apologising for shooting down the jet and russia admitting they were at least partially responsible . 
  of course that 's not gon na happen , but still . 
  a few were pretty close . 
  edgy . 
  charlie hebdo did n't help either . 
  other than that it 's pretty obvious that the people who are most vocal have their own agenda to push ( including the author of this article ) . 
  nothing new or interesting to be honest . 
  even straws can get dangerous when certain people use them to poke you in the eye , 
  calling the moscow times `` the last bastion of truth '' is a bit over the top . 
  they obviously have their own agenda . 
  for the record i have n't downvoted anybody in this thread . 
  well it was written in the 19th century and much of the premise was based on a violent revolution so that 's not entirely unexpected . 
  of course the second part of your statement is on point . 
  this is perhaps hardest to implement even with some compromise in mind . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think it was a fairly reasonable idea for it 's time . 
  from that point of view , yes . 
  there will be no stream of body bags anytime soon , they have plenty of syrian and iranian buddies to send in the meat grinder . 
  of course soldiers are going to die every now and then in a crash/accident/suicide , but i do n't expect russia to suffer heavy personnel losses . 
  from what i 've read on reddit , they have been buried in ukraine , burned in ukraine and transported back to russia . 
  terribly inefficient if you ask me . 
   of course , there is the obvious restriction of political speech and the obligation of complying to the government regardless if the people disagree with them or not . 
  pretty much the biggest reason . 
  communism is not a bad idea in general , but it 's hard to implement without royally fucking it up ( most often to the point of a dictatorship ) . 
  lol 72 % of netivist.org that is . 
  i see your point . 
  maybe , i would n't know ( but a toddler , no matter how cute would look silly in a school yearbook ) . 
   masha , 7 , is not a student in the class , but sits with the fourth-graders her mother teaches , according to sinayeva . 
  meh , technically she should n't be in the yearbook . 
  well yeah , but that was just painted over . 
  it 's back to normal nowadays . 
  equipment which would n't be needed otherwise . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  haha , so russia got their money back and now they are even going to sell equipment to egypt . 
  thanks obama !, 
  for the times when you do n't wa n't to call putin `` literally hitler '' . 
  [ it 's too late k\u014dhai-san , it was always too late . 
  you can be either be a freedom lover or a commie/shill/putinbot on / r/worldnews . 
  there is a plot twist , russia actually loses at losing so they win once more , 
  he makes pretty good videos , but for me `` im a russian occupant '' is still the best . 
  the other ones are a bit over the top with the effects and all that . 
  overall 8/10 would watch a movie from this guy . 
  not impossible , but still a bit suspicious . 
  has that happened ? 
  last time i remember they stopped the flow because of a disagreement with ukraine . 
  but i guess it would n't be something unexpected from russia . 
  germany is getting a good deal from gazprom , they wo n't ruin it by selling much cheaper gas to other countries . 
  of course having options is nice and all , but i would n't expect a miracle . 
  that does n't change the fact that the money still goes to russia , his original point . 
  besides , if germany was so worried about their well being they could have put some pressure on gazprom already . 
  the money would still go to russia if germany buys the gas from them :d, 
  this means war . 
  calm down yugoslavia . 
  * tried to improve the translation a bit a team of journalist from nova tv was attacked in the roma neighborhood of samokov . 
  nadia gancheva , operator michael krastev and driver valentin ivanov were sent there to interview the candidate for councilor - traicho vasilev nicknamed pizhe . 
  he was the man filmed by the `` investigation '' team for organizing a `` private energy company '' in the roma neighborhood of samokov . 
  `` before our team had a chance to film and explain what is there traicho vasilev , his son and dozens of roma attacked us , '' said nadia gancheva . 
  the reporter was beaten , the operator received was punched in the face , the driver has a broken cheekbone and bruises . 
  their camera and car were also damaged . 
  `` the aggression was initially triggered by the candidate for councilor - traicho vassilev , and after his reaction , dozens of roma attacked our team . 
  our colleagues were able to turn on the camera and capture some of the beating . 
  unfortunately , our camera was broken after a man identified as the son of traicho vasilev kicked the camera operator . 
  the teams car was also damaged . 
  fortunately , our team was not injured seriously , because they quickly left the roma neighborhood , '' said nadia gancheva . 
  police have launched an investigation and initiated pre-trial proceedings . 
  the `` investigation '' team has previously shown to viewers how the `` private energy company '' in samokov works and how electricity in the city is stolen . 
  after the first broadcast on the subject an investigation was launched to determine if the reports of mass electricity theft were true . 
  part of the management of cez ( electricity provider ) in the city was dismissed following the case . 
  it 's pretty funny , in a few years the russian army elite will consist of `` volunteers '' .
