  not a huge fan on this type of motorcycles , but the design seems good and the weight is pretty amazing for a 1300cc engine . 
  on the other hand , it costs 50k , which is to be expected for a boutique bike . 
  i just got a small folding knife from them today . 
  for 13 euro ( i think ) it 's great . 
  opens smooth and the blade is centered , it 's not sharpened too well , but that can be fixed . 
  talking about copies , i bought `` razer '' earphones , mostly out of curiosity . 
  the real ones retail for 60 euro and i got mine for 15 ( they are practically identical ) . 
  i try not to buy straight up copies , but i have invested so much in razer tech that i wont lose any sleep over it . 
  exactly , ali is good just for that . 
  cheap shit that is usually overpriced in western retailers . 
  for serious tech i would n't consider it , but small stuff like cameras , earphones , adapters , cables etc. 
  it 's great . 
  not really , it 's just one of the more recent ones so people remember it . 
  good thing they did n't fuel the russian fleet . 
  im sure these ships will be used for humanitarian reasons only . 
  it 's snowing in north , we got it , 
  that poor scooter . 
  snow basically . 
  sorry greece , but it 's time to move on ... things just have n't been the same in the last 500 years . 
  remember the good old times ? 
  blinding soldiers or drinking wine from an emperor 's skull ... all gone now . 
  and to be fair macedonia worked hard to get there . 
  they blocked a trade deal ( ceta ) between the eu and canada . 
  at this point i think it would be easier to slap a tugboat on each side of the ship and call it a day . 
   former master that 's one loaded title . 
  finland has been independent for a 100 years or so . 
  thanks for the article in polish ... 
  like i thought , have a nice day . 
  you must have missed it . 
  ukrainian jets are not us jets . 
  us jets do not fly above ukraine . 
  russian jets do fly over syria . 
  the russian policy towards ukraine is not that surprising ( just forget your morals for a bit ) . 
  they saw a violent change in power and decided to act ruthlessly . 
  honestly crimea came as a shock , but it makes a lot of sense . 
  the donetsk and luhanks situation is mess . 
  at this point i think russia simply provides enough help to keep the regions lingering to weaken the new pro-western government . 
  there is no defense for geopolitical interests , they are typically ugly . 
  both russia and the us avoid direct confrontations , so my point still sits . 
  a buk system in ukraine is completely different from a us aa system in syria . 
  and i do not want to argue because you already think im a putinbot , shill or some other buzzword . 
  then i will get accused of whataboutism and so on and so forth . 
  you see it is all rather pointless . 
  it would n't be an identical case , because us planes do not strike targets in ukraine . 
  a buk in ukraine poses no threat to the us air force . 
  i can see why you think this way , but i do not wish to argue on the subject of civilian casualties . 
  i know , that is why i mentioned them specifically . 
  the us supplied manpads because the ussr used a lot of helicopter support and because they are easy to operate . 
  the same goes for syria , the tows are fairly easy to use ( of course skilled operators are more effective ) and they were supplied to combat government armor . 
  there never was a need for a complex aa system . 
  it would also make logistics incredibly hard . 
  if we assume the buk was provided by russia then it was most likely operated by a trained crew that could simply drive in and out of ukraine . 
  something the us could never do with such far away conflicts . 
  basically the same as in afghanistan before and syria nowadays ( with tows ) . 
  funny enough most of the lutenica around here is n't actually spicy . 
  always thought the name was a bit ironic . 
  so that 's what you call liutenitza !, 
  to be fair 95 % of the news articles in the past year or so only mentioned russia flying with transponders off . 
  about 3.50, 
  no , no , you do n't understand . 
  putin is basically , reportedly hitler . 
  now i wa n't to eat meat and eggs out of spite . 
  by your logic almost no post would get downvoted . 
  just saying , i do n't vote on posts 95 % of the time . 
   a final fact about vayno is that the letters of his last name can spell voyna , the russian word for war . 
  is this the message that putin is sending ? 
  will there be war ? 
  articles and blog posts have asked . 
  this would not ordinarily warrant mention , but in the era of the nooscope all things seem to take on meaning , and hundreds of russian bloggers have become preoccupied with the anagram . 
  balkan union has a better ring to it * wink * * wink *, 
  you ca n't spell `` bro '' without bulgaria and romania !, 
  we did it !, 
  the black sea / middle east . 
  it is getting kind of awkward though , 
  i think this has been going on for a month or two before the coup as erdogan ( kind of , but not really ) apologized for shooting down the russian su . 
  in my opinion both leaders saw the balance is shifting and changed their rhetoric . 
  a machete is not the best tool in general when it comes to our vegetation ( europe in general ) . 
  it 's mostly used to cut branches and small trees around here . 
  basically what you use to clear up a backyard that has n't been maintained for years . 
  i would wager it 's pretty similar for most slavic languages as well . 
  in bulgarian it 's `` avstralia '' and `` avstria '' . 
  yes , but like i said they are a minority ( and sadly some are in dire need of repairs ) . 
  literally 80 % of sofia is a `` communist monstrosity '' , so i would say that 's a pretty decent view . 
   the land speed record on a motorcycle . 
  i suppose they mean `` production motorcycle '' . 
   a turkish official said the russian attacker was from the country 's restive dagestan region , the epicenter of an islamic insurgency against the russian state . 
  what a surprise . 
  while that does make sense , is n't it the same with elections for example ? 
   the ` leave ' campaign won because of the votes of millions of people who wo n't be affected in anyway shape or form by the result of the referendum . 
  i see this a lot lately , but how does it make the result less legitimate ? 
  after all every vote has the same weight . 
  ps i do n't care much for the result , just wondering what 's the logic . 
  it used to be 1 visible and 10-20 hidden ( negative ) comments . 
  i honestly do n't know , would n't be too surprising . 
  this comment section though ... 
  yes , you are right . 
  in a way yes , on the other hand australia is rather big , it 's a continent after all . 
  if you think that those missiles are there to protect romania you are quite the optimist . 
  and for the record they are not meant to shoot down planes . 
  tl ; dr nato right , russia wrong .
