who should stop ? 
  the migrants / refugees because italy does n't get any help from other eu member states ? 
  what point am i missing ? 
  the problem is that most of the ships are in bad conditions and barely make the transit to coastal waters . 
  regarding the well being of north africans , they are a minority in this ships migration occurs from sub saharan africa or syria . 
  so most of this people are n't north african , also the migration crisis got bigger because of the unstable conditions the country of libya is in post gadaffi . 
  but it 's not only their border tho , it 's the schengen border and the migrants do n't want to stay in italy . 
  it affects the whole e.u. 
  not just italy . 
  well , spanish vocal structure is much simpler than the portuguese one . 
  in spain you have a e i o u all with the same length and pronunciation . 
  in portuguese you have a e i o u and \u00c3 , \u00d5 you change the intonation of stressed and unstressed vowels and you have a lot of shs . 
  personally i can read it with almost no problem but listening to a portuguese person is very difficult . 
  it 's kind of a pyrrhic victory , but a win nevertheless . 
  ah come on . 
  we did not rule europe , some inbred nobles did . 
  cultural import would be more correct talking about mozart , as he was from salzburg and salzburg became part of austria in 1805 after mozarts dead . 
  comparing him with conchita wurst is kind of a lazy argument . 
  and the k. u k. infrastructure was far from one of the best in the world . 
  the empire lacked behind in industrialisation and modernisation . 
  i prefer our tiny alpenrepublik over a failed state that the empire in its last decade certainly was . 
  well i think that austria did quite good on its own . 
  100 years after the k. und k.empire , nostalgia may cloud your perception . 
  which country are you taking about ? 
   you have to understand that our country suffered a heavy influx of immogration from southern poor spanish provinces , so we do n't have a problem with integration . 
  suffered is maybe the wrong word , if you write in the next fragment of your sentence that catalunya has no problem with integration . 
  catalunya was always a region with lots of immigration or ? 
  specially andalusians as i recall . 
  but that is kind of second generation already . 
  is there still a lot of immigration from other parts of spain ? 
  do you know how , in your opinion , this people feel regarding an independent catalunya ? 
  austria is a strange case , as being a neutral country was the main condition for the russian occupation of the east of the country to end . 
  austria was occupied by the western allies and the ussr till 1955 . 
  * '' after austrian promises of perpetual neutrality , austria was accorded full independence on 12 may 1955 and the last occupation troops left on 25 october that year . 
  '' * [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied-administered_austria ), 
  it 's the same in danish , or ? 
  sort = black , and hav = sea, 
  this response is pathetic . 
  that would have been to kind . 
  so because you think , i consider kafka austrian you just start with racist insults ? 
  nobody in austria is arguing that hitler was n't austrian . 
  also i interpreted the question from op regarding `` your country '' as author that writes in your mother tongue . 
  kafka wrote in german . 
  i also like mucha and smetana , maybe you can be racist about that too ? 
  edit : you forgot \u00d6d\u00f6n von horv\u00e1th , he was born in what is today rijeka in croatia . 
  talking about classic stuff , i really enjoy reading franz kafka and \u00d6d\u00f6n von horv\u00e1th . 
  my favourite story would be `` die strafkolonie '' ( the penal colony ) from franz kafka . 
  talking about contemporary austrian authors , i like thomas glavinic 's `` der kameram\u00f6rder '' ( the camera killer ) and daniel glattauer 's `` darum '' ( i do n't know the english name of the book ) . 
  yes you are right , in the beginning i just wanted to make a joke . 
  but than a little discussion felt nice to have . 
  there where many factors why they gave the sinai back , one would be that in the peace treaty they negotiated passage for there ships via the suez canal and that some straits in the red sea would turn international waterways therefore allowing ships with israeli flag pass through the red sea . 
  so i think economical reasons where quite important in the decision of giving back sinai . 
  also having normal relations with one of your neighbour countries was not bad . 
  anyhow in my opinion i do n't think that your point is proven in its entirety . 
  or to phrase it better i do n't understand how you can say that your point still is proven in its entirety . 
  just because they do n't call it israel , which would be a diplomatic disaster , and that they have n't taken it all at once does n't mean that they are not expanding settlements in what ones call occupied territory and others call disputed territories . 
  also i am quite a pessimist and do n't believe that any country would not do something because it is wrong . 
  i think that every country just looks at the pros and cons of any action it is planning to do . 
  if there are more pros they will do it . 
  besides the sinai peninsula which they gave back in the peace treaty with egypt in 1982 they still hold most of the occupied territories they gained in the six-day-war . 
  and all the increasing settlements in the west bank do n't look like a lot of restraint to me . 
  well i think the bordering countries that deny the sole existence of the israeli country may be also a good reasons that israel is not 10 times it current size . 
  too much bad memories, 
  they recovered good , they stopped cheap mass production and focused on quality wine . 
  pan con chocolate !, 
  winter sports . 
  all kind of skiing and ski jumping . 
  what i find strange is , that in the german speaking version of the video they say they do n't know anything about the reasons , whereas in the spanish version they even say that she had debts and was yelling '' you have taken everything ! '', 
  ( basque ) because it 's so different and sounds alien but nice . 
  but i kind of like every language i had to learn . 
  at first some seem strange because they are so unfamiliar but as you progress in this language you kind of start to enjoy the difference or the similarity to you mother tongue or to other languages you now . 
  i agree with you . 
  what buggs me is that it is advertised as all natural and as a natural alternative to artificial sweeteners when in fact it is more or less the same . 
  no , stevia is a plant nativ to south america . 
  but the [ stevia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stevia ) stuff you get most of the time in europe or at least in austria is some highly modified `` artificial '' end product . 
  austrian here , presents and stuff at christmas eve . 
  i guess it has to do with how old holidays were celebrated . 
  they started the night before the holiday . 
  --  halloween is the all hallows evening . 
  the night before the holiday, 
  andaluz is a regional dialect of castilian with a different pronunciation , some different words and some different grammar . 
  catalan , asturianu , and . 
  galego are not regional dialects of castilian . 
  they are different languages with different grammar , different vocabulary etc. 
  the map may show no dialects in romania because it 's main research , or main focus may have been on italy and france . 
  that ordinary people think that catalan o galego are dialects of castilian is okay , but if someone takes the time to make a map on dialects it should be at least a little bit more correct . 
  well the pay would be lower , but vodka surely helps !, 
  hi , i just translated the spanish text above me , or so i think , i 'm on my shity smartphone as my laptop broke down . 
  i am really not very well informed on the issue but comparing the deficit of two different economies is a bit like comparing apples and peas . 
  i think spains economy has been growing since half a year . 
  whereas the greek economy still is declining . 
  i am proud to see my people showing solidarity with the greek people . 
  visit seville , we have the first summer weekend and 42 degrees . 
  they where called reconcentration camps and the idea for them may have come from the british , and the boer wars . 
  the spanish-american war took place in 1898 , the first boer wars started 10 years earlier . 
  there is a nice podcast from dan carlin called [ american peril ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-49-the-american-peril/ ) about it . 
  also it does not matter who invented them or not , certainly not for the people that died there . 
  at the end they all were horrible and inhumane . 
  it would be a win-win situation in my opinion . 
  drug cartels lose money , and the legalized cannabis generates tax revenue .
