i also found that i know more or less where it should be , but ca n't pinpoint . 
  half of them , i was clicking states in proximity/in same area trying to find the right one . 
  i also think that i recognize the shape most of all ... there are too damn square-shaped states in the us !!!, 
  i 'm quite sure you did n't read newspapers or watched any news shows while in italy if you 're completely oblivious to what the tav is . 
  in other words , you were talking out of your ass since you never heard about it . 
  so you live in italy and you do n't know about tav ? 
  that 's impressive . 
  do you think berlusconi is also less damaging for the country as a whole , or just for you personally ? 
  this is so spot on . 
  i found the same thing when i was google-visiting finland once . 
  one step before , 4 meters of snow . 
  one step after , everything is green . 
  i see , then i would say it 's not expected but can happen . 
  it 's not a rule . 
  i 'm not sure what rounding of bill is ? 
  it occasionally happens that you 're charged less if you have to pay coins under 50 cents , like you have to pay 10,30 $ and they ask for 10 $ . 
  some places charge for service if you 're sitting down , and in restaurants there 's usually `` coperto '' included in the price if you eat ( 1,50 $ max usually , more in touristic places ) . 
  tipping in itself is not expected . 
  the problem is that there are municipalities where the recycling rates are 70-80 % and above while in other areas they are close to 0 % . 
  if some places did it , there is no excuse for the others , but it has to start from the local politicians to create the correct infrastructures . 
  was it really ? 
  when i was a teenager almost all my friends smoke , and not to stay thin . 
  it just looked cool ( stupid , stupid idea ) . 
  italians have also the second or third higher life expectancy in the world ... but i think this is going to change because older folks had much healthier habits compared to younger people . 
  in italy there was n't and still is n't much content available in the original language . 
  i started studying it at school at 10 y old , and what really made me advance has been translating song lyrics at 12-13 y old , then i started watching dvds with italian subs , then english subs , then i spent 1 year abroad and that 's were it started coming natural to me . 
  i do n't know about not being allies , but i really do n't get why there should be american army and weapons in my country , i would understand if it was some mixed army station or some nato station , but no , they 're 100 % american stations doing american business ... right in the middle of another country . 
  i 'm fairly sure that apprentices count as working people in italy too . 
  and i think also people doing unpaid internships . 
  yeah . 
  neither do the other languages of italy . 
  and there are more italian speakers than german in sud tirol . 
  i assume the map is based mix of historical and officially recognized language . 
  i ca n't understand why in italy there rarely is public transportation that goes to the so called `` industrial areas '' . 
  a bus travel 3 minutes longer would allow me to go to work not using a car . 
  well , you were saying they probably do n't speak italian and are/were not able to communicate ... 
  i perceive reality in a completely different way . 
  it may also be because i have friends / who are migrants or first/second generation italians and so do my family , and i just ca n't see where 's the problem . 
  i was born in a small village in veneto , with a family history of 100 % venetian farmers since centuries . 
  if my 90 years old grandpa can be open towards people , so can everybody , in my view . 
  i loved it too , it was so cool !!, 
  i always watched it while on holiday , some great childhood memories ... 
  balotelli is anyway a bad example since he got his citizenship because at 18 years old he decided to be adopted by the family who raised him . 
  this is not the standard procedure for the children of migrants . 
  you are assuming a lot of stuff about some people waiting the bus ... who told you `` someone similar to them '' drew whatever on the bus station , for example ? 
  if her kids are born in italy they will go to an italian school , learning the italian language ( if they do n't do already ) and growing up with 2 cultures . 
  many people do around the world ; this can be accepted , allowing the kids to grow up feeling part of the nation even if they are of a different ancestry . 
  or it can be denied , making them feel like the nation they live in rejects them and barely tolerates their diversity . 
  there 's a nice documentary on this subject from a nigerian-tuscan director called 18 jus soli [ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kemgzgojos] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kemgzgojos ) . 
  it really hit me the girl who says , i ca n't work without a permit , but i ca n't even have a permit without a work . 
  tell me she does n't sound italian ... people in that documentary , they are italians . 
  i close my eyes , and they sound italians . 
  i open them , and despite the different facial structure , the look italians from how they move . 
  even more , they sound romans , milanese , wherever they come from . 
  there 's an author i really like , somalian-italian , called igiaba scego , find a video of her , close your eyes and tell me she 's not from rome . 
  yes , you have your experiences with some folks that for one reason or another were not so nice to you . 
  italian immigration control is totally skizophrenic , so there 's no suprise that there are many who are in italy and are completely outside from society ( especially in the outskirts of a metropoli as milan , which is not the standard experience btw ) . 
  it 's not a solution to drive people further away , especially young folks that grow up here . 
  there will be culture clash , sure , but there are ways to handle it that is positive for the nation and not negative for its citizens . 
  personally i find it ridiculous . 
  people who spent their entire life in italy , that the state supported with health care and schools , ca n't contribute back because 18 + years ago their parents were not here . 
  it 's literally a waste of money and people . 
  i 'm not for giving citizenship to whoever is born in italy - i think a compromise will be found considering that the association who promoted the new citizenship law wanted citizenship to whose born from parents who are resident since at least a year . 
  that 's what happened . 
  the war in libya opened the gates to thousands of migrants trying to reach italy over whatever floated on water . 
  municipalities tryed to host small groups of migrants to share the burden , but they were really a lot . 
  and france closed the border despite being one of the nations who supported bombing libya . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  please open an history book about the war before talking out of your ass . 
  she is n't a token anything . 
  she 's a respected physician and local politician , who has been elected for the primary reason of changing our citizenship law , making it possible for all the children who are born in italy . 
  that 's a pretty anti-racist action right there , considering that right now it 's almost impossible to have citizenship without the procedure being a massive pain in the ass . 
  what i 'm trying to say - and i think it was kind of my point also in my other post - is that probably italians are one of the least pc people in the western world . 
  most people do n't really care about supporting someone they do n't want because they look like better people doing so . 
  the other face of the coin is that if someone is racist or xenophobic , he will make sure to proclame his opinion as loud as he can . 
  i was n't talking specifically about the us ... it 's a type of journalism that has this kind of undertone . 
  in italy we 're masters of complaining and often feel like everybody else is more advanced on social issues , and i do think we have a lot to learn , at the same time i feel uneasiness while reading these articles because i feel they are not really portraying the complex reality of italy . 
  i would feel more ok with an article titled `` there 's racism in italy '' with a balanced view of why and how and when . 
  i 'm happy the article does not concentrate just in the negative tho . 
  sometimes i wonder if people who write this kind of articles bother to give an in-depht analysis or it 's just a matter of `` here in our country , we 're so accepting !, 
  not like in that racist country '' . 
  anybody who knows 2 shits about italy knows that this statement is absolutely ridiculous :  in southern italy , there 's a much , much more - there 's much better relations between italians and immigrants . 
  i think there 's a greater memory of their ancestors having emmigrated abroad . 
  also , the northern league is definitely not a far right movement as other ones present in europe , even if they got close to the right wing for the sake of power . 
  i 'm sorry but this kind of articles always make me feel as someone trying to explain some other nation/culture with an undertone of `` thank god we 're so much better than them '' . 
  i 'm thinking and thinking , but i ca n't find a name from italy that is peculiar to my country . 
  latin/etruscan names are super common everywhere : / edit after people 's suggestions i realize i clearly did n't think enough !!, 
  i 'll also add albino , fortunato , natale , primo , secondo , terzo and its variations - terziano etc - , the female names inspired to maria - immacolata , addolorata - , alida , italia and italo of course , artemio , antenore ... 
  peple can do the dishes , the laundry and the cooking even at their mother 's home . 
  they can even do it * for * their mother . 
  omg , so not indipendent , are n't they ashamed . 
  it 's that immigrants can do a shitty job so they can stay in italy living under some bridge or in 10 in one bedroom if they have a job , while italians usually have a family home and do not need to spend moey going to a job that barely pays back the cost of the everyday travel . 
  news like this used to pop up often in italy , there was one about a terrible shortage of bread makers , then one guy decided to follow up these claims and discovered that there was no one willing to teach bread making for a decent price ( and of course you ca n't work if you do n't have some qualifications ) . 
  so it turned out , it was more a complicated way to make people go to certain expensive schools in the hope that it would guarantee a job . 
  it is news to me that pizza-making is considered a humiliating job , it takes great skills to do it good . 
  i know several italian and immigrant pizzaioli and they 're doing quite fine in general , but it 's also true that the smallest and ugliest spaces in the cities generally employ immigrants who are overworked and not payed enough ( and need to work for the permit to stay ) and because of the space ( difficult to clean , too little ) are n't really hygenic . 
  the thing is that maybe italians ( and good non-italian pizza-makers ) are not ok with slaving away in these kind of places for very little in return . 
  try calling them first and see what they suggest you . 
  a friend of mine did everything by phone and e mail , but it 's a good idea also to meet in person !, 
  you may want to contact 2-3 sending org , to see which one is better organized .
