  youre 2nd foreverrrr tbh its not that good in summer cause sun is shining around the clock and you cant sleep : /, 
  the latest number is 360 individuals . 
  heaviest measured weighted 124 kg while avg . 
  is about 60 kg . 
  they can live for over 30 years . 
  their intelligence is about the same as dog has . 
  stop fucking taking the people from libyan coast . 
  it just gives more money to smugglers and keeps the route alive . 
  not to mention people who die there . 
  all uncontrolled routes must be closed if we want this continent to see 2100 . 
  austria is doing the right thing . 
  since italy wont stop this and spreads the shit all over europe , austria holds its own borders which i give huge respect for . 
  not being bunch of sheeps . 
  incoming wave of thousands of angry young males from totally different culture with political agenda against your society is a threat also if im not wrong ? 
  is the show banned in some parts of britain ? 
  someone said evolution is true, 
  but we have amanitas , 
  its true , population growth comes from african and middle eastern immigration . 
  like germany was -187 000 for natural growth 2015 . 
  pact of steel \u2764, 
  karelian lepp\u00e4-lintu sounds stupid since it means redstart : s, 
  i like how turks fit to modern muslim stereotypes ... 
  what does that have to do with 1939 borders before soviet invasion ? 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/cc/5e/07/cc5e071a1027d20111293f97dbd37b57.jpg soviet kids throwing snowballs in finlands capital ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/ixc6jwl.png with fixed borders, 
  they arent people , they are mermaids . 
  but the one issue causes many other issues in economy and safety of people . 
  well these outjumpers just lost their political career . 
  voters are behind the new lead . 
  these folks just want to enjoy last moments of their finest hour . 
  halla-aho sees immigration as a thing influencing every level of society . 
  immigrants dont want to integrate or work . 
  this causes economical problems and social problems like crime and unrest . 
  this however comes mostly only with muslim immigrants so i dont see a problem with being against them immigrating here . 
  if you can prove it isnt like that , go ahead . 
  who is really surprised ? 
  saudi-arabia is the biggest terrorist supporter . 
  funny how most of the `` open borders '' - leaders dont have any kids . 
  they dont have anyone whos future they would be afraid of . 
  far from it . 
  our neighbours have 12 kids . 
  and the other 2 families i know have 10 and 11 . 
  they are still modern 'n cool in the soviet union, 
  wehrmacht did . 
  http://images.uncyc.org/commons/5/5f/frenchtacticsingermaninvasionwwii.jpg isnt this the french way of war ? 
  late 1943 right ? 
  germans were at the gates of moscow in 1941 . 
  where was the help when it was most needed ? 
  they only showed up to cover their own intrests in western europe . 
  i know pacific theatre had hard battles but the ones in normandy werent veterans from pacific hopefully ... 
  i know but they still saved our ass partly . 
  its understandable that they were disappointed of our betrayal . 
  but you know what , you can have your opinion , i respect it . 
  this isnt leading anywhere . 
  so what is wrong with being ally with someone that has helped us gain independence earlier and offers to help us regain our lands . 
  finland wasnt part of holocaust . 
  maybe selfish but being between 2 superpowers you have choose one . 
  and soviets couldnt be the one . 
  they are my friends only cause they saved me ass . 
  germans invaded you in 24 days `` date 6 -- 30 april 1941 location greece and southern albania result axis victory territorial changes greece occupied by axis powers '' how are we fighting against `` 998,000 soviets '' when the soviet casualties were : winter war : 321,000 -- 363,000 total casualties continuation war : ~ 835,000 casualties or did we kill some of them twice ? 
  and wikipedia says italians had 87 000 troops in their first attack against your 260 000 defenders ? 
  well nobody could see their defat ... 
  we were invaded by soviet union and lost land . 
  nobody else offered to help . 
  france and britain were like yeah yeah we are sending troops in 1939 but they never came . 
  id like you see counter research showing if africans had negative ideas on white faces . 
  so if someone attacks your country and you fight against its considered wrong side ? 
  you suggest just surrendering asap ? 
  its funny how you are the good and we are the bad cause we tried to get our land back from the soviets . 
  while youve been killing and enslaving your colonised people for centuries . 
  doesnt remove the fact that you lost the war in 24 days while we fought for 5 years against enemy with worse numbers in men , tanks , artillery , airforce and any military equipment . 
  and didnt even had to retreat that much . 
  you just hate nazis cause thats what youve been told in propaganda , something that little children believe . 
  and btw have you paid your debts what we gave you as good people cause youre bad in economy ? 
  and the other thing . 
  finns were known as one of the best soldiers in europe . 
  himmler said `` where a finnish ss-man stood , the enemy was always defeated . 
  of course they invade easy targers like your country . 
  youre just salty cause your countrymen were bunch of cowards not able to defend homeland . 
  my people stood against all odds . 
  why would we ? 
  we were allies of nazi germany and hitler admired the blonde hair of our people . 
  and we were never under soviet rule , in good relations after the war however . 
  just proves this guy knows nothing about history . 
  yeah lets thank the soviets that attacked us in 1939 already ... 
  actually its thanks to nazi germany who supplied us in the last parts of the war . 
  anti-tank weapons and air support helped to stop the massive soviet attack . 
  cant minimize their part in the european theatre but these guys just showed up for the epilogue when the worst battles had been fought already . 
  well im not sure if it helps . 
  we have child benefit here but seems like it only encourages muslims to get many kids and not to work ... 
  i mean sure , id love to give my tax money to help my people to get kids instead of some useless shit where the money goes . 
  hes doing it all for his country . 
  overwhelming immigrants , low local fertility . 
  you dont have to be professor to see what it leads to . 
  but you cant say it without being racist . 
  yarrrrr teach those pirates a lesson . 
  but our police has this so called `` bear squad '' which consists hundreds of bears . 
  then mr trump said `` yes yes mrs but soviet union doesnt exist anymore '', 
  cmon hes trying to cheer up the atmosphere which is dry af when merkels around . 
  the war is closer than ever .
