and swiss had to remove that 1km/h so they can show the world how safe they are . 
  im not saying they should get better salary just common sense that it would work that way here . 
  in the long run if companies and investors are being taxed hardly they will move away with the jobs . 
  unless state has its own companies that can give job to everyone . 
  the green party is whining about cuts made to education while when they were in charge they had much bigger cuts to education . 
  populist much ? 
  but its silly right ? 
  highly educated should get better salary . 
  still the greens want higher taxes to more wealthy and better paid people ? 
  this was election that cant be compared to parlament elections . 
  most likely if jussi halla-aho will be elected , the anti immigrants will vote for finns party and they are in -2 % - +2 % range . 
  its true , because they have many ex communist party members in the party . 
  also they oppose current governments immigration policy which includes expulsion of criminal immigrants ( really bad for greens cause these people will get to danger in their home country ) and stricker standards for which area is safe and which is not . 
  well the green party chariman ville niinist\u00f6 spreaded false information that kids and pregnant women are being sent back to afghanistan which wasnt true . 
  and incited his supporters to attack against the police who are working with the deports . 
  which means `` join us to make sure people arent sent to danger '' he attacked against the courts decision and green party supporters tried to disturb police work . 
  i think it shows in the post if its edited . 
  as i said earlier , what youre saying is only letting them blackmail us . 
  if you do something to us we 'll attack on you . 
  i thought akp was the terrorist organization ? 
  so we cant really do anything ? 
  just hope this wont happen again ? 
  because if we say anything bad about them they just do another attack . 
  are we really letting them blackmail us like that ? 
  and the people whos agenda is to let them enter arent responsible in any way for this ? 
  even though people have warned this will happen . 
  yeah but they arent killed by other group like christians right ? 
  their religion is bad for people . 
  in fact all religions are bad in some way but others like islam really bad . 
  finland 100 years , its time to make this right and bring finlandia hymn for our national anthem . 
  its so beautiful compared to maamme . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yv0rghhgn4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff2jg89n7io, 
  kurds have high fertility ? 
  youre in trouble when they gain population over time . 
  yeah i know but it was so obvious . 
  do i need to give source for like this is a rock so that people believe its a rock ? 
  and well about the source our finnish newspapers considered it reliable so dunno why these people dont . 
  well about the petersburg bombing i said based on the pic of the suspect i linked that its a muslim terrorist which russians have later confirmed . 
  shitload of downvotes . 
  so i figured out these people are mostly lefties and its useless to say anything like this . 
  you dont know how lefties think . 
  if they think its wrong then its wrong even if you give proof . 
  if i say its because muslim immigrants of course it gets downvoted even if its true . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/immigrant-children-in-sweden-blamed-for-countrys-poor-test-scores-a6934111.html `` a report by the government-run swedish education agency said more resources were needed for schools with large numbers of pupils who are immigrants or who have two immigrant parents . 
  it said immigrant children were 85 per cent accountable for a four-per-cent increase in the number of children failing to get good enough grades in the final years of school , according to afp . '', 
  `` we already know that immigrant students on average have lower performance in school . 
  now we know more about how much the increasing proportion of immigrant students has affected overall performance , '' she said , according to afp . 
  do i need to give the simple reason why sweden is doing so badly ? 
  oh but you cant say it i get so many minus votes if i say it . 
  nobody knows the truth but there are theories it exploded too early and was ment to be exploded after the place was locked and nobody was thre . 
  kinda like vandalism . 
  well , he looks like typical muslim and most of the terrorists are muslims :d, 
  the only bombing in finland hasnt been confirmed if it was intentional . 
  muslims anyway, 
  all killed by islamic terrorists, 
  you mean the red pin ? 
  has any of you been there ? 
  can you confirm there actually are people there ? 
  from what ive learned from erdogan the difference is that germans are nazis and austrians arent . 
  ( yet ), 
  kids are pranking with their lives . 
  ive always been happy for our danish brothers . 
  every dane i know wonder why are we shooting ourselves in the leg by letting them in ... 
  http://www.zmescience.com/medicine/hiv-aids-finnish-immunity-26112013/ idk how trusted the source is . 
  but its in the internet so i has to be true right ? 
   like abraham lincoln said . 
  2,5 % or so are immune to aids in finland . 
  every victim is too much . 
  soviet union ceased to exist in 1991 ? 
  i know its dry but they still have bananas there . 
  he promised that the bananas they stole back then will be returned . 
  no he said `` number of kids for people born outside of sweden to 2.17 '' like all people born outside were muslims . 
  so of course that number is lower because europeans are in it . 
  well , do you know which is the biggest group born outside sweden ? 
  no i promise if you look at it for 30 mins its 2017 . 
  and if you look at it for 9 months its 2018 . 
  magic ? 
  naah , germans never made that far . 
  the years are just going slowly . 
  wait 30 min and you get to 2017 . 
  northern countries look bigger than they are . 
  i mean germany and finland are actually about the same size . 
  can we give some refugees back in exchange ? 
  30s are in fashion again ? 
  what the hell ? 
  the first pic is from germany-turkey non aggression pact signing most likely . 
  its because we just received well trained doctors , engineers and all sorts of experts from somalia and iraq . 
  some say half of them cant read or write but theyre still amazing experts . 
  i 'll give my personal support aswell . 
  not going to turkey or any muslim country ever again . 
  we 'll see how they like it when tourism dies . 
  youre bragging with -6 ? 
  really ? 
  thats like nothing . 
  where is the great atat\u00fcrk when you need him ? 
  im not talking about isis or any certain group . 
  im talking about the endless and endless waves of millions and millions of people coming to europe from africa and middle east . 
  meanwhile we are losing millions and millions of our people . 
  the ratio is going worse every year . 
  there will be a time when we are done .
