  what i meant though is that in some parts of london , in particular where i come from ( south west london ) , there is a centre/right majority , that feels like corbyn is too radical for them , but would vote for a more moderate labour candidate . 
  north and east london are another matter however , and they are far more pro corbyn . 
   it is interesting that khan is very much distancing himself from corbyn . 
  of course he would , khan is far more moderate and knows that his electorate is too , corbyn is too old fashioned and idealistic for a modern and pragmatic city like london . 
  first london , then the world !, 
  i also like him , he 's very different from many other tories at the moment , and by that i mean he 's not some corporate puppet that thinks only of privatising , plus he 's got some very good plans for london which would n't only benefit tory voters but also labour ones , hence why some traditionally labour/lib dem people voted for him in his costituency ( for example my family in kingston voted for him , and they 're fairly left wing ) . 
  but i agree , both candidates seem like very competent people . 
  but that 's another matter , that was n't caused by migrations and did n't affect negatively any of our customs , in fact it modified them and made them even more worthy of appreciation . 
  also getting partially influenced in my opinion is positive , but bending over backwards to please people from a different culture while disregarding your own is totally wrong . 
  also , is there any proof that trump is a democrat puppet ? 
  or is it just claims made by other republicans to discredit him ? 
  cameron got himself in a right pickle by calling a referendum he did n't want , if only he did n't let the eurosceptics in his party push him around and did n't announce the referendum in fear of not getting elected , all this nonsense would n't have happened . 
  and , since i 'm still undecided on this issue , by the time he 'd said there was going to be a referendum , he could 've just gone through with it , instead of flip flopping and claiming that he was going to use it as leverage ( let 's face it , we 're important to the eu , but not that important ) . 
  tl ; dr cameron should stop being so indecisive . 
  i do n't consider myself left wing , but bernie sanders looks like a genuinely nice guy and a very refreshing candidate compared to the rest . 
  hillary clinton seems like a big status quo defender , and not much of an innovator . 
  donald trump is basically a yank boris johnson , except much more xenophobic . 
  i really hope you do n't elect another bush , since this one seems like a total failure . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  edit : i 'm on no one 's side in the american election , and my opinion is n't that of an expert , it 's just the impression i have of them . 
  that 's my point , our government should welcome people of other countries , not submit to them , unlike what it 's doing now . 
  oh come one , ca n't you just admit that both factions were just as bad as each other ? 
  the ira were a despicable terrorist group that did n't have many morals , and the unionists also committed terrible acts , but please do n't compare britain to the ira in this case , sure , we had our shortcomings , but we acted nowhere near as barbarically as the ira ( same thing ca n't be said for unionist paramilitaries ) . 
   dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  high ranking british military , police and intelligence officials have admitted involvement . 
  they did n't actually carry out the bombings as / u/zaltps2 said though , did they ? 
  and on a side note , could you link me to some articles where british officials admit to having taken part in them ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  but why should we let them influence us , should n't we be influencing them ? 
  oh of course , however rotherham was the most notorious incident so i thought i 'd use that . 
  so thus fare we 're not sure , still , it 's unacceptable that even a group of 50-60 people would go around doing these acts virtually unhindered . 
  i just realised and i pointed it out in another comment , but might i ask for sources on your claim that it was like 50-60 perpetrators ? 
  but you have putin , if putin can tame bears , then he 'll have no problem protecting you from rapists ! / s ( just in case someone thinks i 'm some sort of putin supporter ) . 
  i 've always thought that too , but somehow most things still come from china , the economy sure is strange , and i 'm not qualified enough , if at all , to explain why this happens . 
  i think it 's down to 2 main issues : 1 the police force was stretched too thin , since it was new year 's eve and they probably had too many drunk people to handle and potential terroristic attacks to avert . 
  also consider that around 1000 of these criminals were out and about and a few policemen could 've been easily overwhelmed , so they might 've deemed it better not to intervene ( i 'm not justifying it , i 'm just saying that might 've been another reason why they did n't do much ) . 
  2 and this is pure speculation , some policemen might not have done anything for fear of being called `` racists '' or `` bigots '' ( rotherham anyone ? 
  ) , but this is my opinion and in no case should it be considered a fact . 
  still , china is pretty much that at the moment and it 's a fairly convenient option for western countries , or else we would n't be buying so much `` made in china '' stuff . 
  this . 
  it 's as if i started a petition to make parliament cut all ties with saudi arabia , if it reached 100.000 signatures they 'd `` debate '' it , but by debate i mean they would say something along the lines of : `` so we 're not going cut any ties are we ? '', 
  but it 's not easy to find a country that can produce goods on such a scale . 
  that 's true , although we sort of depend on their products , so we depend on each other in a certain sense . 
  power projection is n't necessarily military , it can also be economic , and china is very good at that , being one of the biggest economies and countries in the world . 
  come on , china has an impact on international politics , and quite a significant one at that , they basically took the ussr 's place . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  thanks !, 
  this is spot on . 
  russia is just a ~ ~ regional ~ ~ great power now , it ca n't project its power as much as the usa or china anymore . 
  the only issue i have with this article is that it mostly talks about al-qaeda , who would hide far more than daesh , since the latter is a lot more like a conventional army , hence easier to target without killing civilians , but i 'm not a military expert so i may be wrong . 
  i understand the problem with that , but would n't they have that excuse if we did n't intervene ? 
  by that i mean that one group of muslims that was persecuted by daesh could blame the west for not intervening , i do n't know if you see what i 'm getting at , but the gist of it is that it 's pretty easy to come up with a justification to become a terrorist , be it muslim , christian , jewish etc. , hence why we have to take action to protect people who have n't been radicalized yet . 
   never had a doctor treat me badly , most are positively nice . 
  in general , they are all very caring and attentive . 
  can confirm , my gp in italy treats me really well and he 's a really professional person . 
  my brother on the other hand once had to get vaccinated by a doctor who was rather rude and dismissive of him , mainly because my brother was ( and is ) scared of needles , this however was a once in a lifetime experience that did n't even happen to me , so i can say that overall i 'm pretty satisfied with italian doctors . 
  so what do you propose we do , let these jihadis kill more innocent syrians/iraqis ? 
  i 'd rather see 10 jihadis and 1 innocent person killed than see those same 10 jihadis kill 100 innocent people , and i 'm sure most syrians and iraqis would agree , and would n't join daesh because of these strikes . 
  80 euros probably . 
  you actually have a point , i had n't thought about the cost of the missile . 
  i 'm willing to concede that actually turkey did the right thing by not reimbursing russia , but i still believe that the situation could have been handled more diplomatically . 
  legally they had all the right to do it , of course , however we must remember that because of that a man lost his life , and that is never a particularly pleasing event . 
  well they did destroy a plane and because of that a pilot lost his life . 
  i 'm not saying they should pay for the plane , but the pilot 's family should be offered at least a formal apology , since turkey indirectly contributed to his death . 
  * easterneuropean-ers * instead of * eastenders * sounds about right in this case . 
  did n't it snow in verona and bergamo ? 
  i 'm not in italy at the moment but some friends of mine told me ( god forbid it snows in florence ) . 
  i wish i could say that was n't true , i really do , but considering what 's been going on recently i 'm inclined to agree with you . 
  some people obviously thought that i was being too moderate , but nevermind , to each their own , as they say . 
  that sounds lovely , i 'm amazed i had never heard of it !, 
  historically-speaking , yes , but i did n't recall it being a nice tourist destintion , i must look it up . 
   the only ones who would be really hurt is the horny turkish guys - no more slutty natashas to them !, 
   that cracked me up lol . 
  as to your second point ... 
  i did n't imagine that the situation was that bad , putin really has overreacted in this case . 
  oh that explains a lot , thanks !, 
  i was n't trying to be nice , i was trying not to sound too aggressive , while stating my opinion , so as to not solicit inflammatory comments . 
  could you elighten me on crimea being a tourist destination ? 
  i was n't aware of that ( it 's a serious question ) . 
  i like to think that there 's a difference between being using a mild tone and telling an outright lie . 
  so just to make it clear once and for all , ** turkey and russia are both to blame in this case ** , and although as i have previously stated russia shares most of the blame , that does n't exempt turkey from criticism . 
  well , while it would take a toll on the turkish economy i have 2 doubts about this plan : the first is that turkey will continue to receive plenty of tourists from other countries ( also consider that turkey does n't rely as much as egypt on tourism ) , the second is whether russia has the power to do this , correct me if i 'm wrong , but wo n't the average russian still be allowed to go to turkey on holiday ? 
  i agree that it 's not that bad , but their relationship is still a very strained one . 
  that plan sounds slightly ... * flawed * . 
   turkey and greece are friendly neighbors not really though , they have actually come to blows more than once in the past and this rivalry persists to this day . 
  after all you do n't shoot down your ally 's aircraft . 
  he could 've issued an apology and reimbursed damages as / u/pinksi said . 
  that was the only way for them to sort this situation out without making such a big deal out of it . 
  ( same thing goes for russia ), 
  that may be true , but i 'd rather not start an unnecessary argument . 
  as far as i 'm concerned not much , but turkey shares a fair portion of the blame since they are refusing to compromise with russia . 
  ( note that by compromise i mean compromise , not submission or subjection , just plain and simple compromise . ), 
  although i will concede that turkey is more in the right than russia in this particular case . 
  of course , i was n't doubting that , it 's just that i did n't want to sound too biased . 
  the absolute madman !, 
  did russia shut them down or did turkey ( sorry for asking but i could n't read the russian link ) ? 
  kim pls i love you ! ^ no ^ matter ^ how ^ many ^ people ^ you ^ put ^ into ^ concentration ^ camps . 
  both governments are handling the situation in a rather ludicrous way , sure , russia has made some of the most extreme decisions , but both states are guilty of acting in a not very diplomatic manner . 
  this is getting more ridiculous by the second , it 's like i 'm reading an article about a fight between two 4 year olds instead of one about international politics . 
  in my opinion both russia and turkey should calm down and behave like secular , modern , and democratic nations instead of behaving like glorified versions of north korea . ^ sorry ^ kim,
