  all jokes aside , i 'm from south east england too , but i 'm living in florence at the moment , and i can tell you that both in southern england and in central italy , even if you do n't see many migrants , people are getting fed up , especially labour/left wing people . 
  my mother , for example , who is your average labour voter , has lately become really sceptical of this whole migration affair . 
  other than that though here in florence nothing has changed at the moment , and my life is no different from what it was last year , other than a few more people of mena heritage . 
  i 'm not german but i have the feeling that what / u/fluchtpunkt said is right . 
  compared to most european politicians at the moment , she 's a fairly good leader , sure , i do n't agree with her on many things , but she is by no means a berlusconi/blair/hollande / erdogan ( ok , that last comparison was unfair but you get the gist ) . 
  also , i remember reading somewhere that most germans would still vote for her , and it looks like this is n't going to change unless the refugee crisis degenerates or some other really bad thing happens . 
  so basically , he was utterly useless . 
  but most of these are because the people in question have lots of other problems , and the cold is just the final straw . 
  ( consider also that most of the population gets a cold every year , so 17k is an insanely low mortality rate considering that about 50-60 million people there get one each year ) also , the claim this agency made was bs , so it 's not like a refugee actually died anyway . 
  that 's true , however it does n't cause many fatalities in western europe and usually when people die they do because they have another serious ailment ( it 's far less lethal than tons of others diseases ) . 
  plus i was making a joke to show how ridiculous the claim of this agency was , i was n't trying to state that it was a universal truth and nobody has ever died because of it . 
   the man had caught a cold after standing for a very long time in front of the lageso office ah , the good old deadly cold . 
  that 's what i was thinking too , i did n't expect it to be that controversial . 
  then again , the truth almost always is . 
   eu enlargement commissioner johannes hahn said he was `` shocked '' at the severity of the sentence sought by prosecutors . 
  well , it looks like it 's going to take a few more years before turkey joins the eu , if it ever does , thanks to mr. erdogan and his crypto-autocracy . 
  it really is a shame in my opinion that this sort of stuff is happening in a country that should be a democracy and that is so close to europe , as jailing journalists goes against western and democratic values alike . 
  i just hope that erdogan will step down , although i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
  but condescension is their best tool , since it makes it look like they 're the intellectual elite that holds the moral high ground and all those who oppose them like rabid ignorant fools . 
  remember it 's always more convenient to discredit your opponent subtly than to confront him head on . 
   please read more carefully . 
  i am not claiming they burned their own cars . 
  but you are , well , sort of at least :  i would not be surprised if these guys were burning the cars of their own allies , in attempt to further the idea that the common man is being suppressed and attacked by the left . 
  hey , we do n't live in * such * a perfect world . 
  anonymous sex is the answer in this case . ^ ^ ^ subtle ^ ^ ^ archer ^ ^ ^ reference . 
  i think both sides in this case had some pretty flimsy arguments . 
  the yes campaign just made lots of empty promises to the scots whereas alex salmond just relied on oil to make everything in independent scotland work perfectly . 
  i believe that both sides made promises that they knew they could n't keep , but after all , is n't that what happens every time there 's a referendum ? 
  i think it 's both , he 's realised that he 's stupid and he 's decided that he might as well carry on acting the part just to get people to notice him and to keep his job . 
  people prone to populist ideals will always blame the government , since often it 's far easier than looking at the actual cause of the problem . 
   michael white is one of the better columnists in the guardian . 
  he does n't wear ideological blinkers like many who write for that newspaper . 
  unlike that owen jones chap , god knows how much i despise every single article he writes , it 's just pure pseudo-progressive `` all right-wingers are fascists '' nonsense . 
  that 's what i was thinking about , thanks !, 
  was n't italy going to send 6000 soldiers or something to libya ? 
  i 'm sure i heard it somewhere . 
  that 's exactly what i meant , democracy is always good in theory , but one must be able to apply it properly in practice . 
  well , on paper it is , but in reality a fully functioning democracy always takes some time to create . 
  remember how long it took us to become actual democracies that let everyone have their say on national matters ? 
   you judge our experiences from your own cultural , civilizational and developmental vantage point and you can not remove yourselves from this context . 
  you need to understand what happened in egypt in light of the circumstances , challenges and threats faced by egypt . 
  thank you mr.sisi , all these people calling for sisi to free morsi and make him president again have n't understood this , actually , i think no european does right now . 
  what we do n't understand is that democracy is n't achieved instantly , a country does n't just become democratic because the population votes for a prime minister/president , it becomes democratic through a long process of cultural and political change , just look at most western european countries . 
  on the other hand , as al sisi implies , egypt , and a lot of other middle-eastern and north african countries , just is n't ready for it yet , and before i get called a racist , i 'm not saying they do n't deserve it or they ca n't achieve this goal because of their religion/skin/etc . , i 'm just saying that as of now these countries are too unstable to become democracies , and when we try to force a democratic government , chaos ensues ( syria , libya , egypt , iraq and the list goes on ) . 
  a democratic government is a big change for a non-democratic country , and we should let it happen `` naturally '' , and by naturally i mean let them sort it out and not intervene with our `` western ideals '' which are incompatible for the most part with theirs . 
  i believe that the middle-east and north africa , and the rest of the world , will eventually obtain a proper democratic government , but they might just not be ready yet . 
  disclaimer : i 'm not a fan of assad or other dictators in the region , but if the alternative to them is an unstable islamist , and not democratic government ( let 's not lie to ourselves , they 're not democratic ) , then i 'll gladly choose assad or al sisi rather than the former . 
  i knew it , this is payback for napoleon !, 
  you make a good point , i think i 'm going do some more research on this topic and after having done that i 'll review my stance on this issue . 
  but ca n't we try to get the eu to change ? 
  after all , that is what the eu was * originally * created for ( i mean cooperation ) , especially considering that the cons of exiting the eu outweigh the pros in my opinion . 
   after cologne , the eu referendum is about nothing less than the safety and security of british women . 
  we , the euroclueless , need to woman up and vote for the right of our daughters and granddaughters to live as they choose and to smile in the street . 
  no more mrs do n't know -- let 's get the hell out . 
  yeah , because getting out of the eu will solve all of that . 
  god forbid our government actually mans up and tries to solve the situation internally instead of blaming another external political entity . 
  what people like her have to realise is that playing the blame game never gets you anywhere and that the best way to solve a problem is n't running away from it , since that lulls people into a false sense of security , but to face it head on and cooperate . 
  exactly , people who are glorified like alexander the great and julius caesar would be considered brutal tyrannical warlords nowadays , but they still achieved great things and were crucial historical figures , hence why we admire them . 
  ^ i 'm ^ sorry ^ i ^ know ^ it 's ^ getting ^ out ^ of ^ hand , ^ but ^ i ^ just ^ ca n't ^ stop , ^ it 's ^ like ^ a ^ drug !, 
  it 's not , but you must be able to tell the difference between someone who is doing his job and someone who is being racist . 
  they 're allowed to , but they must do it legally , or else anyone would be able to come in . 
   is n't that a bit paranoid ? 
  might be , but can you really blame someone for being paranoid nowadays ? 
  there 's a reason why the saying better safe than sorry exists , and i think that it 's more than accurate in this case . 
   why should a terrorist not have a passport in their country ? 
  or how should someone who went through mistreatment and the fear of death still have their documents ? 
  do n't you think the government would take these things first to stop him from leaving the country ? 
  i apologise for just using terrorists as an example , as far as they are concerned i 'm more inclined to agree with you , albeit not completely , since intelligence agencies usually know the identities of terrorists and documents help border guards quite a lot to identify people , but i digress . 
  note that when i said documents i was thinking more about illegal immigrants , since most of the cologne `` attackers '' were * illegals * ( hate that term , but it seems pretty appropriate in this case ) . 
  also , regarding the question about the government requisitioning someone 's papers , while that is quite a dilemma , i reckon ( feel free to confute this view , it 's pure speculation ) most journalists and people seeking political asylum usually run away with their documents before they are put in prison , since that 's what they 're trying to avoid . 
  i feel sorry for your acquaintance/friend , but that border guard was just doing what he had to , how could he know that this person was n't a terrorist/illegal immigrant ? 
  a way of proving it could be if that person is part of a group that 's being targeted by the government ( journalists in oppressive dictatorships , ethnic groups being persecuted , unjust death sentence ) , there are plenty of ways to prove this , like showing your documents , passing a language test or by showing some other piece of official documentation . 
  i think that integration is a natural process , which is helped by a few factors : * limitation of the influx of immigrants ( good god i 'm boring , i 've said it about 1000 times now lol ) * as you said , increased funds for education so as to create special courses to not only help the children of immigrants integrate and become `` european '' , but also to help european kids accept them as their compatriots and make sure they do n't ostracize their non-european peers . 
  * keep housing prices in check and build more affordable houses in richer areas , and i say this as a person who comes from south-west london , the prices houses are sold at here is just ludicrous , no wonder people with less money , usually immigrants , flock to the same cheaper places , what immigrant can afford a 1 million pound average-sized house in chelsea ? 
  * give them a taste of our culture , give them museum passes and free theatre tickets for plays like shakespeare 's , or whoever the country in question 's famous playwright is . 
  give them book coupons , language and local history lessons if they 're adults , just make them feel welcome and they 'll have no trouble integrating . 
  * last but not least , as you said , policing . 
  even the most law abiding person could be tempted to commit a crime if the police force is virtually non-existant , nevermind a migrant who has n't quite grasped what is right and what is wrong in our country and who is potentially desperate ( by crimes in this case i mean stuff like petty theft , not rape and sexual assault , that 's never right and people who do that are most likely not compatible with our culture and values and should be deported at once ) . 
  people have been migrating and integrating ever since mankind started to walk , the only issue is this is one of the first waves of mass migration which is facilitated by globalisation , and although we have proved that we were not ready for this , we can still fix this situation . 
  sorry , i was n't trying to correct you , i just wanted to show that i agreed with what you said and to explain why . 
  this . 
  just look at places like tower hamlets , that type of environment is n't good for integration hence why a lot of people get radicalised in these `` ghettos '' . 
  to combat these issues we 've got to live together , and steadying the flow of immigration is crucial to achieving this aim . 
  while i agree that what happened there was n't just down to being pc or not , political correctness played a big part in concealing the incident and an already underfunded police force could do even less because of it . 
  i feel sorry for your girlfriend , and i must point out that i agree with you , the police are too often afraid to do anything because they fear being accused of racism by idiotic leftists . 
  yeah , but they must prove their life is threatened before , because i can guarantee a person running for their life does not go around raping women in the country hosting them , it would be completely unreasonable to do so . 
  that 's why they should n't even be let in , i mean , i do n't see why we should even let them if that 's what they 're going to do as soon as they think that their application will get denied . 
  how many `` asylum seekers '' i see in that list , boy , they must have been really desperate to come to europe just to molest local women ! / s on a serious note though , this is what happens when you let anyone in , just because you come from a war-torn country , you do n't have the right to do whatever you please , people who have a criminal record and/or may pose a threat to society , like these people , should be stopped and sent back immediately , they can rot in syria/somalia/libya for all i care . 
  ( no , i 'm not wishing death upon them , it 's just a figure of speech ) also , funny how many of these countries are n't even embroiled in civil war , like iran , algeria , morocco and albania , i guess many of these `` refugees '' are n't what we thought after all , who would 've guessed ( again , this is why we need checks ) . 
  did n't you know ? 
  bombing a country now is considered tantamount to invading it ! / s, 
  yeah , he literally quoted napoleon and said that he believes justice is god 's incarnation on earth and that he thinks what he 's doing is just , i do n't think sanctions will be enough to make him change his mind . 
   do n't sweat it . 
  a lot of people here are still at the `` islamophobia does n't exist '' - stage . 
  no , i 'm at a `` not jumping to conclusions '' stage . 
  he probably meant that salafist and more conservative forms of islam are n't compatible , and if that 's what he meant he 's right . 
  khan on the other hand is a very secular and modern muslim . 
  well , i ca n't really argue with that , after all , reverse nepotism is far better than nepotism . 
   so is london really that centrist ? 
  well i might have exaggerated a bit .
