  might i ask why you do n't think it was a terrorist group ? 
  because it seems to me like they 'd have more to gain from it . 
  then again , i 'm not egyptian so i do n't know the inner workings of your country . 
  ok i was just asking because you know , my father is italian and he is a policeman too , and he 's never done any of the above things you listed . 
   this should be shown to anyone from lithuania , who wants putin to come . 
  are there people in your country who still want the russians to come back after all the bad things they did to you ? 
  they must be bloody nuts . 
  do you really think that 's how it works in italy ? 
  have you ever even been there or are you basing what you just said on hearsay ? 
  some people would do it even if it was illegal , trust me . 
  no one * wants * them , but if you can tolerate them even against your own will host them on your island even though you do n't want to you 're still being a good person in my opinion . 
  exactly , that 's what 's so unfortunate about it . 
  the greek islanders deserve it , considering that they have been bearing the brunt of this crisis and have shown a remarkable amount of tolerance towards these refugees . 
  of course it wo n't be awarded to them , since as we all know the nobel peace prize is n't about that anymore , but it 's always nice to be optimistic . 
  [ taking back what 's ours !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_montagu,_4th_earl_of_sandwich ), 
  [ i banish thee from this christian land , vile infidel !, 
  ] ( http://www.themiddleages.co.uk/wordpress2/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/falconry-a-medieval-era-passion.jpg ), 
  online `` conventional '' and tv : bbc news , the daily telegraph/the guardian to get two contrasting views on the topic i 'm interested in ( not touching the daily mail thank you very much ) . 
  i also occasionally browse breitbart just to get a more unconventional view of what is happening online `` reddit '' : / r/europe / r/news / r/unitedkingdom / r/italy newspaper : when i 'm in britain i read the metro/evening standard on the train ( not that good but hey , they 're free ! ) . 
  when i 'm in italy i sometimes look at la repubblica , because in my opinion il giornale and most of the others are berlusconi loving trash . 
  we might have misunderstood each other . 
  i too think that they are basically the same , however , no matter how little the difference may be , iran is the lesser evil in this case , especially since they are actually making an effort to re establish contacts with the west , unlike the saudis who just manipulate us and are really underhand . 
  then again , i totally agree with you and i would prefer it if none of these countries influenced us , but alas , it does n't look like economic interests will let us distance ourselves from them any time soon . 
  well , the saudis kill gay people too , so nothing new there then . 
  and if they are n't helping isis , how do you explain the fact that they fund salafist radical preachers in all the muslim world ? 
   saudi arabia funds terrorists groups across the middle east . 
  iran funds terrorist groups across the middle east . 
  provide me with some reliable sources to back this claim up , because so far the biggest terrorist groups that threaten us are salafist sunnis and not shias . 
  also , executions by themselves do n't determine how progressive a country is , lots of other factors when taken all into consideration do , including capital punishment , and consider that even though iran does some abhorrent things they also have women politicians , they have a rich culture that they have n't completely disregarded ( persian culture ) , and they are actually against isis . 
  i do n't like the iranian government , but i 'd choose them over the saudis any day . 
  my friends and i use it interchangeably , i know it is n't technically correct , but it seems slightly pedantic in an informal situation to make that distinction , although in a formal context i would agree with you . 
   italy was so ashamed of their ancient nudes that they stuffed them away in boxes when rohani paid a visit while i do n't agree with what the italian government did , it was merely an act of courtesy , no one forced italy to do it and rouhani in the end was very grateful and polite about it , it was nothing but a diplomatic move to show goodwill towards iran . 
  i must reiterate that i do n't agree with it however it 's not like italy was bending over backwards to please rouhani . 
   17 billion euro ? 
  thats quite a price iran had to pay for the dignity of italy . 
  how did italy sell its dignity ? 
  to me it just looked like 2 countries were talking business and re-establishing relations that had been previously severed . 
  also , comparing iran to saudi arabia seems a little far fetched to me , since iran is far less radical than saudi arabia and takes a different approach to many issues . 
   no sane person would scream racism if europe would get its shit together and tackle the problems with homegrown terrorists . 
  unfortunately that 's not true , in fact there are many people who believe that as soon as the police starts to suspect someone who is a muslim of terrorism and radicalisation , the police is being racist and go out of their way to protest the person in question 's innocence , even if they ca n't prove otherwise . 
  italians use the word `` bosco '' too , like the spanish and the french . 
  that 's actually really interesting , thanks !, 
   uh , we really are n't capable of housing them . 
  most of them sleep on the streets . 
  by housing i meant keeping them in turkey in general , not giving them an * actual * house , pardon me if i worded it badly . 
   be thankful that we 're hosting 3 million refugees . 
  it is n't our job to keep them in . 
  you are responsible for them as much as we are . 
  but surely , as i already said , by that logic we can just close our borders and say good riddance to you ( not that i think we should , it would be an absurd decision , as would be letting all the refugees you arekeeping go to europe ) . 
  i understand that it is n't your job , it 's nobody 's , but borders and asylum laws have to be respected . 
   but we are also a secular country . 
  even though the majority of turkish people might be muslim , ideologically they are much different than the muslim-mentality of the syrians and middle-easterns . 
  i do n't want the pub next door to be made into another mosque . 
  at this day , while we 're trying to protect our secular ideas and fight against warmongering islamists like erdo\u011fan , additional 3 million very religious muslims are n't helping . 
  their culture is not similar to ours . 
  i really do n't mind the refugees , they 're mostly nice people from what i 've experienced , but they are not culturally similar to us , so do n't use that argument against us . 
  i did n't mean to imply that you 're radical , but i do think that you have greater cultural affinity with these refugees , since most of them are your neighbours and no matter how different their idea of islam is , and how secular your country is , you are way more similar culturally than christian ( yes , europe is a continent that has been heavily influenced by christianity and no matter how secular we are now there 's no denying it ) europe . 
  i 'm not implying they 'll integrate perfectly and you 'll coexist like one big happy family , but it might be easier for them to integrate in turkey . 
   you have n't paid turkey jackshit for the refugee crisis i 'll admit i 'm at fault in this case , i thought that i 'd read about it but i realised was mistaken after i looked it up . 
  although we are offering now , so if you accept it ( not you , i mean the government of course ) , the least turkey can do is keep these 3 million migrants , since the eu is offering 2-3 billion , a pretty hefty sum if you ask me . 
   okay , fair enough . 
  but we 're already hosting way above our capacity , at 3 million . 
  not our job to keep this many . 
  nobody in turkey is saying we should n't host refugees , most of us are glad to helping ( including me ) , but 3 million is way too much . 
  we should split the burden , you ca n't put it all on us . 
  i agree , but why should we always be the ones the international community falls back on , ca n't all the gulf states and oil `` states '' like saudi arabia take them in ? 
  why should europe always welcome migrants and deal with other people 's problems ? 
  it does n't seem fair in my opinion . 
  oh , i get it now , so they moved them from london , well then , that explains why i have n't seen many lately . 
   you mean we will give turkey lots of funds if they stop doing that . 
  we have n't actually given them anything yet . 
  and turkey is basically going `` we 've decided that we wo n't do it for 3 billion '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are already giving them some sort of help , but i 'll look that up now . 
   turkey takes in more refugees than any other country . 
  if you think europe is struggling from taking in 7 % of the refugees , it 's nothing compared to what turkey 's going through . 
  they 've got no interest in taking in refugees for free when both the citizens and the refugees want them to go to europe instead . 
  hence why europe has to offer them aid . 
  but we do n't either , by that logic we could just close our borders and stop letting refugees in from turkey . 
  also , might i ask why you do n't think europe is struggling ? 
  because considering how much this situation has blown up i think we are at least being inconvenienced by this whole situation . 
  come on , the situation is n't as black and white as you make it out to be . 
  there are lots of different factors , for example we do n't want to block refugees because we 're massive xenophobes , but just because we 've already let tons in , and we 're struggling with those already , whereas america has only received a tiny portion of these refugees ( not that they should receive any really ) . 
  also , why should n't turkey keep them , they are one of the closest countries after all , they 're safe , they 're a muslim majority country and they are capable of housing them , yet even though we are giving turkey lots of funds they are still letting many refugees through . 
  i do n't think we should , they should be made stateless . 
  i thought you were talking about glasgow . 
  still , experiences do tend to differ . 
  wait , i said south east , and i meant where i live/lived , i never implied it was a universal fact . 
  plus , glasgow is on the other side of britain . 
   her defence team maintained she went to syria with the toddler to escape an `` unhappy family life '' . 
  wait , really ? 
  so the defence team thought it would be intelligent to even claim that she did it for this reason : `` hey , i 'm unhappy at home , actually , do you know what , i 'll escape and go to syria , i 'm sure to find happiness if i go and hang out with genocidal maniacs in a war zone ! '', 
   an nspcc spokesman said : `` it is inconceivable that a mother would be willing to put her child in such a dangerous situation , potentially exposing him to harm and even death . '', 
  well put , and i hope that she loses custody of her child , since not only did she do something really inconceivable , but she also decided to drag her child into this situation with her . 
  i do n't even know why we 're calling these people british anymore , they go against everything we stand for , they refuse to integrate , they threaten us and ultimately abandon our country to go and commit heinous acts against us and other countries , and let me tell you , in my eyes , that makes them everything but british . 
  i 've always been more of a tory , but considering what my mother and other more left wing members of my family and more liberal friends of mine used to say , as opposed to what they think now , i 'd say that most left wingers are getting a bit fed up now . 
   also the moon is a hologram and saturn is apart of a satanic esoteric conspiracy . 
  wow , that 's a pretty ... * interesting * theory , still , it takes all sorts , as they say . 
   emailing me videos on ` race realism ' and ` the cultural marxist white genocide ' . 
  are you sure your dad has n't been visiting / pol / recently ?
