  the only problem with what you 're saying is that when politicians like merkel ( i 'm not saying germany because i know many of you did n't want them either ) * invited * all these refugees , without asking other members of the eu for permission , like poland or hungary , they then expected these countries to take in a certain amount of refugees , using the eu and the schengen agreement as an excuse , even though these countries did n't want to . 
  again , i 'm not blaming germany or the germans or any country in particular , but a few eu ( and non-eu , like merkel ) politicians that sometimes feel entitled to `` boss '' other countries around . 
  of course , and that 's why we have the commonwealth ( even though not every country that is part of the anglosphere is in it most are ) . 
  however i must agree with you on the european sense of values , since i also think that they are not so much european as they are western , and in addition to that they 're shared globally . 
  but we share deep cultural ties with other european countries . 
  i know that we 're all different , but our values are so intertwined with the rest of europe ( well , western europe at least ) , and throughout history we 've shared monarchs , values , alliances , we 've been at war with each other , we 've been subjects of the same empire , we 've spoken the same language and our citizens have mingled with citizens from other european countries . 
  just these things seem reason enough to consider ourselves european . 
  but for obvious reasons i must point out that i 'm a slightly biased brit , you just need to look at my flair to understand why . 
  oh , and to answer op 's question , european and british , french etc. 
  are n't mutually exclusive in my opinion , hence i consider myself both . 
  edit : made a very stupid grammatical mistake which i corrected !, 
  that 's true unfortunately , and i 'm convinced that if all european states collaborated , instead of blaming each other and the eu , we would n't be having this conversation . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you , however people like nigel farage and his electorate will always be keen to point out how the eu is tyrannical because it does n't let them do what they want . 
  although regarding what you said about sovereignty and opt-outs , while the uk , and some other countries , have them , they still sometimes come to blows with the eu on some decisions , like migrant quotas ( and yes , i know the uk is exempt from them but some other eu countries were against these quotas ) . 
  as someone who really is pro-eu , reading these sorts of things always makes me a bit sad , since instead of seeing the eu and the countries that are part of it cooperating all i see is the former blaming the latter , and viceversa . 
  schulz is n't wrong in this case , since european states actually do what he said , but he is n't completely right either , as the eu often tries to take away too much power away from its members , thus making more `` independent '' countries , like the uk , unhappy . 
  i genuinely do n't know , but i think they just send dead animals in general , and the horse is their preferred one . 
  do n't worry wales , we 're better off without them !, 
  it 's something the mafia do to warn someone who 's been messing with them . 
  oh , back when i wrote that comment the title had the flair `` removed-off topic '' , i guess that was just a mistake then . 
  why has it been removed again though , and how is it off-topic ? 
  wait , did n't berlusconi say a few months ago that he was going to become putin 's finance minister or somnething ? 
  if so , then we 're in for some good times . 
  the sad thing is that they would take that as a compliment . 
  you 'd be surprised by how many young italians are left wing and have very liberal ideas , in fact in the last decade italy has undergone a lot of social change and the younger generations are quite politically correct ( for italians that is ) . 
  i 'm not so sure , people in britain and italy tend to be more pro-immigration too . 
  if i may be so audacious as to make a suggestion as to why people here are saying that , i think that it 's because people in real life , people who do n't browse reddit , are usually more left/pro refugee , hence the anger which some redditors vent here . 
  read leo 's comment , at the time it only had slightly more than 60 % upvotes . 
  wow , i did n't know some of those facts , that 's quite scary . 
  however , while i 'm against any form of racism , be it white black muslim or christian , i think that we should n't generalise and panic by calling always more and more people islamophobes , since that is counterproductive and only helps derail the discussion . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not going to argue that whoever did the aforementioned acts is an islamophobe , since certain things , like murder and terrorism , are inexcusable and should be condemned . 
  as i said earlier , it did n't before and it only received more upvotes a few hours ago . 
  i recall it being downvoted at the start , hence why they might have said it . 
  however if someone is still saying now then i agree that would be rather hypocritical . 
  it 's all a question of whether the story that is being reported fits their narrative , as you say , and if it does n't they 'll either attack it or they will simply outright ignore it . 
  that 's true too , and people who do that are usually racist , and are just as bad as `` liberals '' who say the opposite . 
  what i 'm trying to say here is that extremism , no matter the party , colour or religion , is wrong and it does n't lead to rational thought most of the time ( i say most so as to not generalise ) . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 've met and seen lots of people who call a bigot and a fascist anyone who is right wing ( and the opposite of course ) , maybe it 's just due to young age but considering that these people will be the future of europe is quite worrying . 
  so no , there are a lot of `` extremists '' out there , and just because they do n't belong to a party or go on huge rants on reddit or other sites that does n't mean that they 're not one of them . 
  going back to what you said about polarizing the debate though , i see what you mean and i agree with you , in fact one should n't go into full reactionary mode as soon as he hears or sees something like this article , but i abide by what i said earlier , even though the situation where i am might be incredibly different from yours . 
  source : i 've been called a racist bigot for opposing the * ius soli * and uncontrolled immigration not just online , but also by a few people i know who are considerably more left wing than me , albeit some of them think of themselves as moderates . 
  that 's what i meant , the story itself was fake , i 'm sorry for wording it so badly . 
  on another note i really believe that the article says it all really , although you can never have too much information . 
  he never said anything about muslims , he merely stated that he was n't surprised that this photo was a fake , i thought that was pretty obvious ( of course that 's what it sounded like to me , i 'm not 100 % sure that was what he was going for ) . 
  that 's the difference between reasonable , rational , liberals and completely crazy liberals that have quasi-fascist tendencies . 
  while a sane person can differentiate between tolerance and suppression of one 's political opponent , mad radical `` liberals '' know not the difference between the former and the latter . 
  in this case your mother ( much like a lot of other people i know ) , is part of the former group , and that 's how it should be , otherwise you might as well be a neo-nazi , since i 'm sorry but i ca n't see the difference between someone who tries to suppress right-wing anti-immigration parties and someone who tries to imprison communists and jews just because of their identity . 
  anyway , i 'm glad to see that there are like-minded people out there like you , it 's always nice to know you 're not the only one who thinks in a certain way !, 
  to answer your question ( even though i 'm 99 % sure it was rhetorical ) : people are downvoting it because they ca n't bear the fact that they 're wrong and that this mythical neo-nazi islmaophobic boogeyman does n't in fact exist ( i 'm not saying that neo-nazis do n't exist , but more on that later ) . 
  sure , there are neo-nazis out there , but they 're neither as much of a threat nor are they as many as some people like to believe . 
  of course , some people shout `` neo nazi '' at you as soon as you speak out against mass immigration , but that 's another matter . 
  oh , and before i forget i might as well say this now , the people who spread this misinformation ( or should i say outright lies ) are not helping muslim immigrants but are doing quite the contrary , since by slandering groups like pegida ( or neo-nazis , and again no , i 'm not defending them , but if this time they did n't do anything , then they 're technically innocent and should n't be accused of having committed the act ) all they are doing is making them more aggressive and suspicious of muslim immigrants , because , as anyone with common sense should know , trying to silence your opponents wo n't make them join your cause , it will just turn them more hostile towards you and the people you 're protecting , as they ( quite rightly ) will feel threatened by your ideals . 
  that 's true , i do miss teasing the french . 
  thanks for the explanation and the links !, 
  everything seems much clearer now . 
  i 'm sorry but could you enlighten me ( and maybe eli5 to me ) on what is actually going on in turkey ? 
  by this i mean is your government actually helping isis or is this theory just the product of misinformation ? 
  i actually know what you mean . 
  stereotypes aside , if you go to birmingham or even london you can see how , although there are quite a lot of people who are muslims and of foreign descent but still consider themselves british , there are still too many people who neither behave nor think of themselves as english . 
  i 'm not against immigration , or islam for that matter , but we really do have to find a way of making these 1st or 2nd generation immigrants feel british ( or just european in general ) and share our values , not by imposing them , but by educating these people and integrating them slowly , a process that is n't possible if a country is faced with mass immigration . 
  ca n't everyone just stop bashing each other and focus on how to solve this issue ? 
  if anything it 's every western nation 's fault , and even if it was n't we should n't look for someone to blame but we should seek a solution to this huge problem that has always been in europe ever since 9/11 and the rise of islamic terrorist groups which we decided to ignore until it was too late . 
  is it just me or is all this sanctioning eventually going to make the russian economy collapse ? 
  could someone who knows more about it than me ( or another russian ) confirm ? 
  i mean , you ca n't sanction the * whole * world ( not that they are , it 's just a hyperbole ) . 
  i corrected what i said as you can see , however , you 're only partially right : first of all , i am british , but i 'm also italian ( half and half ) , it 's called dual citizenship , you should look it up , it 's actually quite interesting . 
  secondly , not only are you oversimplifying things , but you 're also missing the point , which is that if germany ( and the eu ) had n't invited all these immigrants over , neither we nor you would have this problem right now and we probably would n't be discussing this . 
  and since eastern european states were against this `` invitation '' of merkel 's they were n't ( and are n't ) obliged to take in these migrants . 
  then again , if you do n't want to have a constructive discussion and want to just give me an ad hominem response feel free to refrain from answering . 
  so ... after forcing southern europe to take in refugees now you 're just going to tell them : `` too bad guys better luck next time we 're out lol '' . 
  i love how europe is * united * when germany and belgium want it to be but as soon as a serious issue presents itself they just pull out and tell eastern and southern european states to deal with it . 
  and what 's worse , if these countries fail to do so , understandably , they 're just labeled as corrupt and criticised , if not fined . 
  edit : i know that technically germany has n't really said anything , but by saying germany i was encompassing all those central-northern european `` pro-eu '' states that do these sort of things , like the government dijsselbloem is in . 
  ( i have nothing against the netherlands and its people , and when i criticise these countries i mean their governments , even though this should be rather obvious . ), 
  if that 's the case then i 'm sorry to say it but what the russians did was especially stupid and turkey is in the right . 
  russia ( and everyone else ) must remember that the world is not an euiv playthrough and that matters like this should n't be underestimated and nations ca n't be unnecessarily provoked , especially when diplomatic relations between your country and the one in question are strained . 
  and as a disclaimer , i know that turkey has already done this , and not only were they in the wrong in those cases but if their planes had been shot down , much like the 2 russian ones now , their complaints about the shooting down of their planes would 've been invalid . 
  however i feel compelled to remind everyone that now russia is the country we 're talking about and we should n't change the subject and start talking about tureky 's past wrongdoings since that would be unproductive and would only help start another flame war . 
  i could n't agree with you more on that . 
  that 's what i meant , sorry for the bad wording but i just thought that it would be simpler to just say that to give an idea to non-italians , since the current electoral system is n't the most conventional one . 
  anyway what i essentialy meant by that is that the current party with the current leader were n't elected ( bersani was but did n't have enough votes iirc ) . 
  but , and i do n't want to sound cynical , are n't many members of the pd basically democristiani in all but name ? 
  i 'm living in italy right now and many people i talk to say that they 're basically that ( and some even accuse renzi of being one of them !, 
  is n't that part of the problem though ? 
  these democristiani ( or should i say ex-democristiani ) have quite a lot of support in italy , and if renzi did dare to try to make the law pass , he would lose not only support in the parliament and from his party , not to mention some of these people might just split from the pd , but he would also lose support from the people , who , although they have n't in a while , still decide who the presidente del consiglio is . 
  these people would then proceed to vote for another party when the next elections come up , and i doubt renzi wants that . 
  plus can you imagine salvini 's reaction ? 
  god , just thinking about how he 'll start calling renzi a gay lobbyist and all the people that 'll listen to him and vote for him in the * amministrative * ( those are coming up soon right ? 
  ) , makes me sick ( well that 's a bit of a hyperbole , but you get the gist of it ) . 
  last but not least , renzi has to improve , or at least keep stable , his relationship with the italian public , for the upcoming * amministrative * or else he wo n't have any more support and his government ( which was n't elected , even though they won the european elections , but that does n't technically count ) would likely collapse under external and internal pressure . 
  the situation in italy regarding gay marriage is so complicated that i would already be surprised if renzi managed to get the law to pass while he 's in power , never mind a couple of years . 
  you have to consider that italy is n't as multicultural and lay ( i know that technically is the case but come on , you just have to live there for a while to understand that italy is n't really a lay state ) as other western european countries like france and the uk . 
  you 've also got to consider that while not homophobic , the average italian is pretty politically incorrect when it comes to gay people , so the task that renzi is undertaking is n't exactly a stroll in the park . 
   europeans are so good at blaming others . 
  replace ` europeans ' with ` everyone ' and your post will be spot on . 
  also , companies like starbucks are n't * american * strictly speaking , they just happen to have started off there . 
  and now that they 've grown bigger these companies are multi-national and the only thing they worship is money , so do n't be surprised when they defraud * their * own government . 
   oh please . 
  anglos complaining about being hated is like white people complaining about racism . 
  ^ white ^ people ^ can ^ complain ^ about ^ racism .
