he also declined to answer what he called the `` hypothetical question '' of whether he would ever back military intervention against extremists . 
  `` i 'm not saying i would or i would n't , '' he said . 
  what is the deal with this man ? 
  first of all , why should n't security forces kill terrorists ? 
  jihadists , and other terrorists , are deranged people who wo n't stop at anything , and even if you injure them they 'll probably just blow themselves up when the police approach them . 
  secondly , why would n't he back military intervention against extremists ? 
  i can understand not supporting an all-out war , but sitting back and doing nothing hoping that the situation will solve itself seems not only counter-productive , but also outright delusional . 
  `` france , a democratic and progressive nation , should stop listening to a country with numerous instances of human rights abuses that coincidentally funds daesh on syria '' well , that 's not surprising . 
  they do n't have to necessarily attack assad , if anything they could drop this ludicrous facade and help each other . 
  moreover , you said that it was inevitable , but it was not , in fact many things could 've been done to stop these clearly deranged individuals , like enforcing stricter border controls in europe , making the turks and the saudis stop financing daesh and even cracking down on isalmic extremism , instead of calling european christians and jews islamophobes as soon as someone who 's part of one of these religions denounced islamic extremist , and i repeat extremist ( not moderate , progressive and open-minded muslims ) , behaviour . 
  what do you want them to do though ? 
  sit down with al-baghdadi and his pals and talk about over a cup of tea ? 
  they 've already showed us too many times that they 're not willing to co-operate , and this is the third ( if not forth ) time that they 've attacked french citizens . 
  i do n't support an all out war , but i reckon that if france wants to do something about it , they 're more than welcome to . 
  i swear i saw someone help her up though , can anyone confirm ? 
  what do they expect italy and greece to do , build some sort of sea-wall ? 
  funny how up until a month ago countries like austria and germany were telling every other country off because they were n't accepting enough immigrants . 
  plus , it 's pretty hard to turn immigrants back when there 's the sea behind them , especially when they risk drowning . 
  and even if these countries ' navies did it it would cost so much , they would n't be able to afford it considering the sheer number of these immigrants , who would probably just end up returning . 
  i can already imagine the headlines : `` obama forces all americans to call their kids barack '' or '' russian scientists have proven that john kerry actually has the mental capacities of a 12 year old ! '', 
  i guess i did n't , thanks for making his point clearer for me !, 
  even though i stand by what i said before , i can understand why both ( or all three ? ), 
  sides can be hypocritical . 
  or you could read my comment . 
  i explicitly said afterwards that i was joking , also known as exaggerating for comic effect . 
  anyhow i know that they are keeping some migrants back , but i believe if you lived ( or do live ) in a country in the mediterranean you would realise that actually loads of migrants are coming anyway , even from libya , or else we would n't be talking about this problem . 
  i could n't put it better , but we must remember that a ) scotland wo n't necessarily see this decision like we do , and after we failed to deliver many promises which cameron made this might be the last straw , and b ) although as i said before i think that the eu is n't being comprehensive and prone to change enough , it still seems to me that the tories ( and labour at times ) are just jumping on the whole populist ukip bandwagon just to cater to the general public without worrying about the consequences . 
  that 's exactly my point !, 
  although i understand that the eu and the uk are 2 different realities i think that after all the promises we made to scotland the least we could do is remain in the eu , and stop using this separatist `` we 're better off alone '' rhetoric after having repeatedly told scotland that it 's an essentially flawed idea and that they needed to stay in the uk to stay afloat . 
  then again i 'm oversimplifying and these few words do n't do justice to the whole situation , but i still feel like i should share my opinion . 
  but ... are n't they * already * doing it ? 
  on a serious note though , in my opinion these are pretty empty threats , not because it 's not happening , we can all see how many migrants are coming in , but because immigrants will come anyway from libya , since there 's a war , and it makes no difference to them whether these islamists want to send them over or not . 
  then again i do n't deny that they could facilitate their `` journey '' to the eu , but even if they did n't immigrants would still come . 
  we should n't just focus on migration coming from libya , but * illegal * migration from all over the world right now , or else we 'll never get out of this mess we 're in . 
  i guess you have a point when you say that the two referendums are quite different in terms of economic possibilities and repercussions , but i still think that being part of a larger entity ( europe ) would be beneficial to britain in the long term , not to mention leaving the eu could trigger another scottish referendum that this time is far more likely to end in a yes vote , and although that would n't be disastrous for the rest of the uk i think that none of us fancy that prospect . 
  i must agree with you though when you say that the eu could do more to appease the uk , since so far it looks to me like juncker and his mates are just trying to get on cameron 's ( and the rest of britain 's ) bad side , instead of trying to find a compromise, 
  as an english briton i really ca n't understand why people who back in september were telling scotland to remain in the uk are now saying that we should get out of the european union . 
  i mean many of the points the scots made for independence were pretty similar to the ones that british euro-sceptics are making now , and vice-versa many of the points that cameron made for staying in the uk are similar to the ones that are now being made to stay in the eu . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the eu but surely there 's a better way to sort this out rather than leaving the european union . 
  feel free to show me a single racist comment , please , do . 
  thank god someone noticed this , how is italy not western culturally , i mean for god 's sake , western culture was practically born there !, 
  ( i 'm just asking to be featured on / r/badhistory , i know ^ please ^ do n't ^ humiliate ^ me ^ for ^ oversimplifying ^ a ^ very ^ complex ^ issue ) . 
  same thing goes for greece and spain , how are they not western too ? 
  something about this map screams american to me . 
  well you were in for quite a surprise then !, 
  i 'll watch out for naked queens !, 
  i 'm going there in a week , guess i should look up more information on the city then !, 
  pardon my ignorance , but which city is in the header image ? 
   like the italians , who were resettled there against the will of the local population . 
  it 's comparable to saying estonia has to consider the interests of their russians because they live their , completely disregarding the fact that they are actually the result of decades of forceful occupation . 
  italy tried the same , but failed at some point due to fierceful resistance from the local population . 
  now you ca n't get anywhere in s\u00fcdtirol without proper german knowledge and even some italians claim to be part of the german speaking majority to get their kids into the better german schools . 
  i for one know quite a lot of people who come from there , and even though i will admit that most know and speak german they feel very italian too and have no interest in seceding . 
  consider that italy has this same issue with istria too , but because of the aforementioned reasons that province is part of croatia . 
   this can not be an argument against self-determination though . 
  in my opinion it can , since many political parties nowadays abuse the right to self-determination to achieve their own ends without thinking about what 's best for the people and their own country , often by using flimsy excuses to try and set up a referendum . 
   no go because of fascists turning up every week ? 
  no , because of the sheer amount of islamists and cut-throats in the area . 
   the one where people 's right to self-determination is taken seriously . 
  unfortunately , and i 'm sure you know this as well as i do , things are n't that simple . 
  i believe in the right to self determination as much as you , but you ca n't just give every separatist movement what it wants , considering that a ) they do n't always have the majority and even if they do it 's usually so slight that if the region gained independence a lot of people would be unhappy about it , and b ) secession can have grave implications for the country the region/province is seceeding from ( e.g. 
  catalonia seceeding from spain would damage spain 's economy ) . 
  i 'm sorry if i came off as aggressive in my previous comment , i should 've worded it so as to sound milder , given how delicate this matter can be , however my stance on the issue at hand remains the same . 
  if he meant that , he 'd be partially right , since there are many tyrolese who are ethnically italian , however given the wording it seems to me like he 's alluding to the claim austria has on tyrol . 
   s\u00fcdtirol is austria . 
  and in what world exactly ? 
  because at the moment it seems like an italian province to me . 
  so basically we can all agree that / r/europe dislikes every european country . 
  ^ ^ except ^ ^ bestonia . 
  sounds fun , even though i 'm sure we 'll lose as usual . 
  i think it 's partly the fault of people who just take a `` sii gay ma a casa tua '' stance ( it translates to you can be gay but do it in private basically ) , sure , they do n't actually oppose gay rights , but they are n't doing anything to emancipate gay people and even then it 's quite a bigoted attitude to take towards the gay community . 
  also , until the current ruling elite dies out , i doubt that italy will be able to make much progress , given how backwards the mentality of most of these politicians is . 
   freedom of movement is basic human right . 
  it 's not , that 's why we have borders . 
  [ here 's a map of what ancient macedonia really was like , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/macedonia_overview.svg ) as you can see most of macedonia was in what nowadays is greek territory , so you ca n't really blame the greeks for claiming that macedonia is more * greek * than * slavic * . 
   uneducated , religious and conservative brother yeah , i hate to break it to you but that can be applied to every country in the world . 
  ( if you were joking then do n't mind me ) . 
  that 's true but still , it says quite a bit about your charisma in my opinion . 
   i am not sure andy burnham could lead someone down a well lit straight corridor without turning around a couple of times along the way . 
  i agree , i do n't see him becoming the labour leader any time soon , after all we are talking about the person who lost to ed miliband a few years ago , and if he could n't beat ed , then he definitely wo n't beat the potential conservative candidates ( unless it 's george osborne of course ) . 
  strictly speaking you 're right and i 'm wrong , however intentions , targets , aims , ideology and the international community 's opinion does tend to bend that definition a bit . 
  [ this might be helpful . 
  to be fair though , their soldiers are n't exactly soldiers , they 're internationally recognised criminals , so whether they 're off-duty or not makes no difference for the usaf/raf / anti-isis coalition . 
  i get what you are saying , but if you read the details on lee rigby 's murder , you can clearly see that was n't an act of war , it was an abominable act of terrorism/outright homicide . 
  lee was even off duty , so even if it was an act of war it would have been even more uncalled for . 
  edit : also , in my opinion the pkk and jihadists are actually pretty different and comparing them is somewhat wrong , but since we are talking about jihadis i thought i might as well say this . 
   its only consequent . 
  we are bombing the ever living shit out them in the name of war , they are just doing their own version of it with us . 
  wait ... are you justifying what they 're doing ? 
  because it sounds to me like you are . 
  good point !, 
  however i was in no way being anti-italian , given that i 'm italian too , i was just criticising the italian political system . 
  good job italian politicians , this will surely give italian politics a good name !, 
  ( as if it was n't good enough ) / s, 
  ^ i ^ used ^ to ^ be ^ one ^ of ^ those ^ morons ... ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ hurt ^ ^ me . 
  what a terrible audience , it 's almost like no one there has a brain or is intelligent enough to have their own opinion so they just clap every time someone attacks him as if to say : `` yeah , keep up the ad hominem that 's going on here we are progressive we can never be wrong you racist ( how criticising a religion makes you racist is beyond me ) . '', 
  i love the bbc ( the * british broadcasting corporation * before someone makes some hilarious joke about * you-know-what * ) but occasionally it really does let me down . 
   and those people are willing to damage/destroy , hurting europe hugely , just to save face . 
  people tend to be hypocrites , that 's just the way things are , and most of these people would rather see the eu crash and burn than own up to their mistakes . 
  i love it when they say that the eu is n't europe , when really the eu ** is ** europe , i mean , it took us so long to achieve a political union like this one , that even though imperfect , encompasses most european countries and embraces every european tradition .
