  not even if you paid me to do so . 
  we were treated like shit from border to border ... 
  i mean , everybody - from petrol station attendants to the guide in the silver mine - was unsufferably rude to us . 
  and vienna was gently boring at best . 
  london too was pretty underwhelming ; the only thing i liked about it was the underground but as far as the rest is concerned , i could n't wait to get away from it ( liked the countryside very much ) . 
  it was hard for me to distinguish individual districts , every fucking building looked the same and the weather was miserable all the time . 
  i loved athens , though ? 
  hell i wish it did , at least they got no vat ... ad we were still relevant back then . 
  the only thing i know is that everything is bigger in texas and chuck norris keeps it safe from generic evildoers . 
  huh , til . 
  would 've never guessed ( and i actually live here ) . 
  rome is n't * that * wealthy , quite the opposite . 
  the north ? 
  especially lombardy and the whole north-east ... 
  it 's widespread in italian cities - by the time you get back from work all the parking spots have usually been taken so many people park on the pavement in front of their houses for the night , and then move their cars the next morning . 
  did they ? 
  ours are old , overcrowded and the wardens tend to be * quite * heavy handed . 
  not to mention the penal colonies , like [ gorgona ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gorgona_ ( italy ) or [ pianosa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pianosa ) . 
  next time do like everyone else and just put an / s on that ... 
  halfway through ? 
  what ? 
  last time i checked we did n't enter or fight ww1 on the side of the central powers . 
  like , at all . 
  not to mention that this is quite ironic coming from a quasi-brit , you seem to forget that your very own majesty 's government was the one who made us a literal offer we could n't refuse in the first place ... besides neither australia-hungary nor the german empire were such paragons of virtue to warrant our neverending loyalty . 
  ( actual allies do n't plan to invade you , wipe their arses with treaties or discriminate on your own people ! ) . 
  oh , and in case you had alto adige on your mind then you should probably be aware of the fact that the brits were actually the ones who were pressuring the rest of the allied bloc in order to let italy keep it after 1945 . 
  cheap petrol and cigarettes , my dentist , the casinos of nova gorica , bad beer and * fucking vignettes * . 
  i would also add italian-language blasphemies , melania trump and soft porn on telecapodistria ... 
  it 's lot like we 've ever left , either - despite the exodus and the all the shit that 's gone down in that corner of the world there still are a few thousand italians in istria . 
  most of dalmatia ( excluding zara ) on the other hand has had very little to do with italy proper except for the venetian domination and even then , all these areas have plenty of slavs too . 
  history is a bit more complicated than slogans . 
  for starters , despite them being the by-product of men like bismarck and cavour , there was some kind of `` popular '' ( always assuming one can use this expression in a 19th-century context ) will behind the german and italian drives for unification . 
  their cause did enjoy at least some degree of public support among the populace , who was aware of the cultural similarities among the various little states which - at least in italy - were mostly ruled by foreign tyrants . 
  spain and great britain are what they are mainly because of dynastic shenanigans . 
  belgium too is a work of international diplomacy , not unlike south sudan . 
  whew , at least they 're no russian tourists ... 
  istria is still kind of a contentious topic , especially for the exiles and their descendants . 
  libya very much is n't save for those italians who , like my family , [ were expelled in 1970 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_refugees_from_libya ) and had their properties ( homes , bank accounts , social security contributions , cars , other properties ) confiscated by the revolutionary government . 
  i agree but italy and germany are very different cases from - say - spain , belgium or even great britain . 
  not favourable . 
  self-determination is wonderful and all but then again you 've got to look at the other side of the coin ; once catalan or basque independence is achieved this has all the potential to kick-start an irreversible process and once the rest of us ( belgium , britain , maybe even italy ... idk ) gets either cut down to size or mired in internal conflict then russia will be free to steamroll through europe at leasure . 
  why do you think they 're so eager to fund such movements ? 
  of course all of this is true - perhaps even more so - for the russian federation as well . 
  now , this would n't be a problem provided that we 're going to federalise but will such a thing ever happen ? 
  what if the eu was to implode first instead ? 
  the geo-political implications are too worrisome for me to actually support such calls for independence . 
  if we keep walking the path toward european integration then these movements and the nations that will emerge from them can join an hypothetical federation , thrive and be successful ; without it they will only make nato and its members even weaker not to mention the fact that it would then be in the nation-states best interests to crack down on those in the name of national interest or self-preservation . 
  either way , this is not going to be a pretty sight . 
  third time ? 
  you 've already invaded us . 
  just look at rimini . 
  eh , next time do n't start * and * lose a world war !, 
  it 's much too lax , and the lack of a central immigration agency makes expelling non-terrorists difficult . 
  then we give citizenship away like candy to some foreign rando whose great-great grandpa was italian , who 's never set foot here previously , who does n't even speak the language ... now that 's enough to make one eligible for voting rights ? 
  wtf, 
  in italy you can only buy cigarettes and other tobacco-derived products at a tobacconist 's . 
  if you happen to be a minor you can always ask a passer-by to buy a pack for you or borrow their * tessera sanitaria * to fool the machine . 
  prices can vary but a pack of ten is about 2,50 $ ... which become about 5 for a pack of twenty ... 
  i do n't update my cv often ( i 'm unemployed ) and i have to use a heavily edited version of the ( old ) europass format because 90 % of italian employers are capitalists with a middle school degree and wo n't accept anything else . 
  r\u00e9sum\u00e9s are n't a thing here - like cover letters , they 're an american import . 
  and i * hate * cover letters . 
  brb starting my very own independence movement ... 
  i assume they were joking , like that guy who wanted to become emperor of romagna ? 
  people generally do n't give a fuck whether you are an atheist or not simply because ( most of ) italy is no longer what you 'd call a `` catholic country '' and has n't been since the 1970s ; as far the whole lgbt thing is concerned ( btw hi there ! ), 
  it depends on culture and demographics and ... a whole variety of other factors . 
  truth to be told italy is still behind compared to more liberal places in that very specific regard but the younger generations are chiller . 
  of course big cities in the centre and north are going to be very very different . 
  like most of the italian countryside rural sardinia has long been depopulated and since the whole island lives off of tourism i would n't worry too much about it . 
  now if you asked me about rural places in the very deep south , like calabria ... eh ... then i 'd be more hesitant to give you an answer ; but sicily is different , at least in my experience . 
  anyhoo sardinians can appear rather cold on first impact - but that 's simply because you happen to hail from `` the continent '' . 
  if you stick around long enough and make an actual effort to speak the local language and integrate ( unlike , i 'm sorry to say , most other british expats ) they open up and a sardinian friend is a friend for life indeed . 
  even before the earthquake ( s ) it was n't very well known , either . 
  dude , have n't you heard ? 
  i would n't mess with them . 
  not to mention the drop bears . 
  you know ... for science . 
  i read all foreign works in english or french ( where applicable ) because italian traductions are low-quality and quite a few books have been completely bowdlerised to the point of being unreadable ( e.g. 
  same thing with classics - i always make sure to buy the italian version with the latin/greek original on the other page . 
  and they say grammar schools are useless ? 
  ok , i shall begin by prefacing that this is not exactly proper italian but more like roman vernacular ... & nbsp ; * ma vedi d'annattene a mmor\u00ec ammazzato !, 
  * & nbsp ; ( `` go and try to get yerself murdered ! '' . 
  it 's very important that you say this as fast as possible for max effect ) . 
  * & nbsp ; ( literally , `` your dead ! '', 
  - not as in `` you 're dead ! '', 
  but rather , `` those bloody bastards of your ancestors ! '' ) . 
  & nbsp ; * te possino ammazzatte !, 
  * & nbsp ; ( `` may they kill you ! '' . 
  this is generally uttered in a light-hearted tone , like when your grandma is mad at you because she 's just caught you doing something very very stupid . 
  i know something , mine used to yell this all the time ) . 
  * & nbsp ; ( `` go get fucked in the arse !, 
  beppe grillo used to scream * `` we could live a five-star life if it was n't for those thieves of our politicians '' * during one of his speeches and the figure of speech has stuck ever since , eventually becoming a part the party 's very name . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  i did n't make [ this shit ] ( http://www.ilfoglio.it/bordin-line/2016/06/29/news/perche-il-movimento-cinque-stelle-si-chiama-cosi-97767/ ) up . 
  abruzzo - the entirety of it - as well as the rest of latium outside rome . 
  sicily , sardinia , alto adige used to have separatist movements and sometimes even terrorists organisations but those have been either disbanded ( sicily , sardinia ) or are dormant ( alto adige ) . 
  it is also worth notting that both sicily and sardinia are too dependent on the mainland and therefore the central state to be effectively * in * dependent . 
  padania does n't count because it was an artificial construct created by the northern league for bs electoral purposes and these days they 're too busy hating on immigrants anyhow . 
  venetians are in favour of autonomy - and even then mostly because pretty much everyone east of them has been granted it to some degree therefore affecting the local economy quite heavily - but the independence `` movement '' is a fucking joke , the bingo hall my grandma goes to having far more members than the venetian one and the [ ftt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_territory_of_trieste ) ( they exist ! ), 
  combined . 
  but they 've got [ sportacus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvzkoo3ppaw ) .
