  but it 's best to do so privately , them coppers are always looking for trouble . 
  & nbsp ;  is there a huge push for recreational or medical legalization ? 
  & nbsp ; sadly , no : the only party that 's pushing for that is kind of irrelevant and the few times they attempted to do something about it the crypto-fascist , cassock-chasin ' parties do their damnedest best to halt any discussion . 
  & nbsp ;  is there a stigma surrounding users like in the us of being lazy or stupid ? 
  & nbsp ; not quite , no . 
  & nbsp ;  what are the most common ways of consuming it ? 
  ( e.g. 
  papers , pipes , oils , editables , etc. ), 
  & nbsp ; i 've always used a pipe . 
  we tried baking brownies once but the smell was too much ... and it was n't even our home !, 
  until the 1990s almost everything - ranging from your car to the tv in your living room to computers and home appliances , etc. 
  - used to be `` made in italy '' . 
  now you only see that label on overpriced luxury products . 
  i was literally thrown off my bed , and i was in rome . 
  1 ) be a notable , if slightly unsufferable writer ; 2 ) take the language spoken by the educated elite in your town ; 3 ) write your most famous work in it ; 4 ) profit . 
  we do n't even have w , x , k , y , or j ( at least not anymore ) so no useless letters in our alphabet !, 
  a-b-c-d-e-f-g-h-i-l-m-n-o-p-q-r-s-t-u-v-z ... and that 's pretty much it . 
  why the french insist on doing such useless mental gymnastics , i 'll never understand . 
  it 's very probably the standard variety they teach you in school . 
  none . 
  italian was born as a literary language and it remained one for most of its history ... we all butcher it in different ways , so no town has the purest accent ( certainly not florence !, 
  in rome , the unions sponsor a concert during which you can buy shitty weed and warm beer at an outrageous price . 
  not that i know anything at all about weed , mind you !, 
  how does one even inject those marijuanas anyway ? 
  the one in rome is pretty good ... actually , it 's one of the best . 
  freemasonry is seen as one of those things only rich people do and frankly [ it 's shady as fuck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_due ) . 
  your average italian is cynical/suspicious enough then they gave the public an * actual * reason to distrust such organisations even more ... 
  they also happen to be extremely secretive about whatever it is that they do ( no pr , conferences , nothing ) so the public opinion is quite wary of them . 
  all those scandals did n't help , either . 
  we ended up banning freemasonry twice . 
  ** tl : dr ** freemasonry has a terrible , terrible reputation over here . 
  it 's on par with scientology et similia . 
  proper food , decent coffee , tap water , bidets . 
  sometimes even civilisation . 
  you know ... that kind of things !, 
  it definitely was , but only the smaller denominations were ( temporarily ) affected due to the crazy inflation . 
  back in the good ol' days , prices used to look like this : & nbsp ;  \u20a4 900 ; \u20a4 9800 ; l. 18.500 ; l. 50.000 ; l. 100.000 ; lit . 
  1.000.000.000 & nbsp ; ( a cuppa coffee ; a bag of produce ; a book ; whatever you can buy for $ 25 and 50 ; a month 's salary ; an apartment ) . 
  there were neither cents nor 1 lira coins so prices were always rounded - it would 've been impossible to get change otherwise . 
  there was also a coin shortage in the 1970s ; candy , stamps and payphone tokens were used as substitutes . 
  with the introduction of the euro in 2002 prices now look like this : & nbsp ;  $ 3,99 ; $ 39,99 ; $ 399,99 ; $ 3999 ; $ 30.000 ; $ 300.000 & nbsp ;, 
  ah , but you meant ostia antica !, 
  both the castle and the archaeological park are part of it . 
  ostia `` proper '' is a modern district by the sea , hence the confusion . 
  a good example of overrated tourist crap would be that keyhole on the aventine hill . 
  you probably know what i 'm talking about . 
  people are eager to queue up for hours just to peep and take a pic from some damn keyhole ... 
  i could also add the spanish steps to the list ? 
  quite literally a flight of stairs . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  the entirety of borgo has now officially become a touristy venue filled with crappy restaurants ; it kind of sucked before , it sucks balls now . 
  you 're better off eating at the local mcdonald 's rather than any single one of those hipsterishly glitzy establishments which claim to have been there since the 1930s ( they actually opened last week ) . 
  what was once the tiber is today a shallow , non-navigable shit-canyon and i do n't get why would anyone want to go down the embankments - unless you 're into rats and hobos taking a dump . 
  also , you ca n't see anything from below . 
  how curious - that 's the first time i hear ostia being described as a village . 
  it 's actually a city district , and a very dull one at that . 
  fiumicino is better ( and an actual town where you can have the best deep-fried calamari of your life !, 
  i religiously avoid any and all media from my own country with no exceptions whatsoever ; most of our journalists are semi-illiterate hacks who are all too keen on butchering the italian language or generally sucking up to whoever is in power . 
  the only things keeping newspapers afloat are shit-tonnes of advertisements and government subsidies . 
  1 ) jeans and a t-shirt . 
  sometimes a pullover . 
  2 ) pasta/soup , meat or fish with veggies , a banana . 
  i only drink when dining outside . 
  3 ) dae hate it when you turn the radio on and all you can hear is people talking ? 
  4 ) pretty neutral right now ; outlook 's optimistic , sort of . 
  i 've seen better days . 
  6 ) i mean ... if you 're one of them people who considers weed a mistake ... 
  my paternal grandfather fought in north africa and lived to tell the tale , whereas my maternal grandfather 's three brothers all died in epyrus . 
  as for the latter grandpa ... he was only spared from being drafted because he was born in late 1923 - had he been a year older things would have gone differently ( and i probably would n't be here either ) . 
  sadly , neither of them are alive anymore ; both died before i was born so i have no first-hand accounts to give . 
  not a scientist but i 'm studying for the admission test to industrial chemistry . 
  none ; i do n't think we ever had any buddies , we like the safety of our little bubble very much . 
  and the alps are there for a reason - to prevent ~ ~ barbarians ~ ~ foreigners from getting too frisky !, 
  another single-payer system reporting in ... 
  ours is a good system , quality can vary from region to region ( the south tends to be less well off ) but i can say that it 's still pretty good ; thanks zingaretti !, 
  it never left me to my own devices , especially considering the fact that i have developed a rather invalidating kidney condition . 
  there 's no doctor shortage ... quite the opposite ... we 've got plenty of professionals and apart from one they all turned out ok . my very own gp is the best , if a bit stressed ? 
  only things i dislike are the er - most hospitals in rome are beyond capacity , but afaik they 're working on that - and the fact that it does n't include dentistry . 
  to be fair there * is * a public dental clinic ( eastman ) but it 's the only one of its kind and all things considering it 's sort of terrible . 
  and the system could certainly benefit from more funding !, 
  waiting lists can be a problem but if you have a high enough priority you should be ok ; and if you got some money to spare you can always do your exams at a private clinic . 
  many of those clinics also operate within the ssn so if you got a prescription from your gp part of the costs are subsidised by the state ( e.g. 
  a certain exam i had to do costs $ 120 , which become 30 if you have a prescription ) . 
  ours is a pretty neat sytem if you ask me !, 
  our paramedics have balls of steel and are great human beings ; thanks to them my father 's still alive . 
  i 'm a descendant of settlers from libya who were expelled by gheddafi in 1970 . 
  while i do n't have anything personal against the country , both my father and grandfather ended up hating `` the damn place '' and its people with a passion ( their possessions were nationalised , bank and social security accounts frozen ... they had to flee with just their clothes on and to date we 've never seen a single penny back . 
  better , we were going to but 2011 happened ) . 
  not to mention that the various libyan governments have always shat on us for propaganda purposes , no matter what we do or do n't do ... blaming italy for their own shortcomings because of something that happened 80 years ago is a national pastime over there and frankly , i find that ridiculous . 
  sure - we did have our responsibilities but we apologised and paid reparations , as demanded , so now please do us a favour and shut the fuck up . 
  eritrea is basically `` littlest italy '' ( food , architecture , language ... ) and would 've been be a chill place without that north korean-level shit ; locals like us and i 've found the elders quite eager to practice whatever italian they could remember . 
  somalia used to be okay until 1969 , then it became your stereotypical third-world hellhole after 1991 . 
  strangely we never had any immigration from the ex-colonies but plenty of older italians were born there . 
  most italians do n't know or care about the colonies , and the state pretends we 've never had them !, 
  nope , no , definitely not at all . 
  and this kind of films - while certainly good from a purely aesthetic point of view - not only depict a fictionalised version of organised crime which has little basis in reality , but they also damage the image and reputation of both italians / italian-americans as a whole . 
  and i do think that shows like gomorrah would be far more relatable to someone who had to deal with this kind of things than , say , the godfather or goodfellas . 
  the u.s. got plenty of southern italians during the 19th/20th centuries , with the result that most things that make up italian-american identity and heritage ( including stereotypes ) hail almost exclusively from the south ... said heritage does n't actually have much to do with the other 2/3 of the country and most of us ca n't quite relate to it . 
  we 've had him for only nine , though ... so while silvio berlusconi did serve four ( non-consecutive ) terms these were spread over a period of seventeen years , with each one lasting - on average - less than a year and a half . 
  the only exception was the last term , which almost lasted five .
