  just tell me why would anyone regard piedmont as non-italic ? 
  by those standards sardinia should be considered an alien civilisation or something ... 
  traumatised , even ? 
  do explain . 
  except that the painting in question was a copy , and as far as everybody knows the whole thing was done without berlusconi 's prior knowledge or approval ( oh boy , ca n't believe i 'm actually defending that sleazebag pos ... ) . 
  someone in the presidential staff came up with the brilliant idea as they feared that the nipple , which was regularly broadcast during press conferences , * might * one day have offended some telly-viewing bigot . 
  a shameful display !, 
  seems like renzi spared them a few blushes in the hope that they spare no expenses ... 
  what job market ? 
  in exchange sweden got `` plug bayonet '' , `` empiricism '' , a trade agreement and 10k gold . 
  i 'd say that many italians do n't even * know * we used to have colonies ... which , by the way , were never formally united into an empire ( the whole thing was a trope of fascist propaganda ) . 
  and yes - the king was actually proclaimed 'em peror of ethiopia ' despite hail\u00e9 selassi\u00e9 being still alive and kicking at the time but that was pretty much it . 
  plus most of those who know about the colonies hardly give a shit ... 
  note though that berlusconi has n't been in power since 2011 ; the costa concordia sank in 2012 ... ... but even with uncle silvio still president of the council at the time of the accident , there 's not much he might have done for that bloody fool . 
  i mean - after all the guy could n't even avoid * his own * conviction ( and boy , he really tried !, 
  currently serving a 16-year sentence . 
  goodness , all that rain rain must 've washed some vowels away ... 
  i can see why they used to call it the paris of the east ... 
  it 'd be wonderful if they could rebuild ( most of ) the historic districts like they did in warsaw . 
  nope , no , actually it does n't look anything like it . 
  just to be clear i really do n't like the label ` romanesco ' - it is needlessly pejorative . 
  as if our own dialect has to be necessarily inferior to the others , somehow ... 
  roman , probably . 
  wait a sec ... you can leave that ` probably ' out !, 
  teano is where garibaldi and the king met but that 's pretty much it imho . 
  the parliament in turin is the * literal * birthplace of italy ... that 's where the kingdom was proclaimed ( 17 march 1861 ) . 
  as far as modern italy is concerned then yes , that place is definitely turin . 
  what 's the story behind the whole olasz ... thing ? 
  * you would n't download a road *, 
  technically , those businesses are b&b s in all * but * name . 
  that 's the trick . 
  the pope may be the boss - but there 's only so much he can do . 
  the rest of clergy , as well as the corrupt apparatus running that obnoxious statelet , is another thing ... 
  still - they got plenty of properties ( flats , villas , whatnot ) on italian soil which do not benefit from extraterritoriality . 
  what about all those church-owned b&b s in rome ? 
  we 're yet to see a single penny from them !, 
  map does n't show the upper roia valley ( as well as briga and tenda ) being annexed by france in 1947 . 
  no shit !, 
  who would 've ever , ever thought . 
  ... which they will promptly piss in bribes , hookers or whatever . 
  because when the guy 's not too busy ... ... silencing any opposition to his personal rule within the party ; ... dabbling with the internal affairs of a city ( rome ) , whose democratically-elected mayor was deemed guilty of * l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 * by not being accommodating enough towards his administration ( above all his partners in crime within the city hall ) , and thus deserved to be removed by means of a multimedia smear campaign worthy of the pravda ; ... failing to protect italy 's interests ( immigration ) , or selling them to the lowest bidder ( libya ) ; when he 's not too busy , i say , toying with politics and the very future of an entire nation he 's right there taking credit for things he 's in no way responsible of ( such as the now-fabled employment ) , for things that have n't quite obviously taken place yet ( the growth ) and conceiving half-arsed reforms which will either do more harm than good ( the whole messy reform of the senate ; the abolition of a controversial but needed tax ) , are very cheap tricks to muster some desperately-needed support ( who does n't like $ 80 more in their paychecks ? ), 
  or ineffective ( tv tax in the utility bills ) . 
  i , as a roman and an elector , am having none of that crap . 
  want to know the difference between renzi and berlusconi ? 
  the former 's younger and is slighly less embarrassing . 
  as for the rest ... renzi is an amateurish buffoon , just like the other guy . 
  but more dangerous . 
  it 's not like the left ( or whatever 's * left * of it ) is any better ... the pd is even starting to look more and more like the christian democracy of old . 
  the pimpled florentine bastard currently at the helm of that shitshow is the lovechild of benito mussolini and margaret thatcher - he would put machiavelli to shame and i hope we get rid of him asap . 
  thanks napolitano !, 
  now now , how much did renzi pay you ? 
  it 's not like i 'm having a hard time believing statistics or something ... 
  latium is in * central * italy . 
  no way we 're deep south , that 's geographic nonsense ... just look at a map . 
  :-( btw if you were to trust anything northerners say - which you should n't - then everything below the po is africa !, 
   [ ... ] 9 out of 10 companies using those practices where from south italy ( campania , calabria and lazio if i can remember correctly ) . 
  ahem !, 
  latium is not , has never been and will never be part of southern italy . 
  and our food is perfectly fine , m ` kay ? 
  you 're still writing this in english , pal ... 
  what concert ? 
  at the very least !, 
  and now we have ... his heir ? 
  a certain florentine politician with a very punchable face , which casually happens to be our pm , likes to believe that he 's god 's very own gift to the italian people despite not having shown any quality to back his dubious claims ; he 's also demonstrated a worrying tendency to ... er ... backstab and steamroll his political enemies by all means necessary . 
  preferably if they belong to his own party !, 
  ha ha ha . 
  uncle stalin would 've been proud . 
  a party which was supposed to be left-wing , but which has become a thatcherian monstrosity of sorts and is increasingly starting to look like the fascist party of old . 
  oh , did i mention you that the guy has also orchestrated the fall of the former mayor of rome ( not an enthusiastic supporter of his administration ) thanks to a multimedia smear campaign worthy of the pravda ? 
  and now our city 's being kicked back to the stone age by the idiot he appointed . 
  ***** edit : by the way , the villainous shitbag in question always ( desperately ? ), 
  tries to appear young and cool by using ridiculous anglicisms and putting hashtags everywhere ... the guys at / r/fellowkids would have a field day with him . 
  and apparently we 're still funding the conquest of libya ( 1911 ) . 
  yes , nic cage ... our lord . 
  keep singing , comrade , keep singing !, 
  so that the whole world may die of envy at the sole thought of not being governed by such a smart , charismatic , selfless , handsome , erudite , polyglot , and overall cool genius of ours . 
  lies . 
  how could any of us be worried about unemployment if there 's no such thing in the worker 's paradise our grolious leader has worked so hard to achieve ? 
  no one and nothing will stand in the way of the #revolution ... all hail matteo renzi , douche of italy and genius of the apennines !, 
  ** tl ; dr ** the ak is a cheap , reliable and fairly common rifle ( after all the soviets armed half the world with it ) . 
  yay !, 
  finally something i learned in high school comes in useful . 
  if you see an asterisk it means that the word in question has been tentatively reconstructed by the linguists , as they do n't know exactly what languages such as proto-indo-european used to sound like . 
  sort of an educated guess . 
   thieves stole the car diplomat !, 
  so our ambassador is a transformer ? 
   how i might have a threesome with natalie dormer and emilia clarke in 2016 go on ... 
  depends on where you 're looking at - somehow i ca n't picture this happening in a latin country !, 
  now , as far as my own place is concerned ... while we * do * have left-wing student unions here they 're still rather sane compared to these people ; we got plenty of catholic/right-wing/even some crypto-fascist ones as well so there 's also that to consider . 
  this kind of lunatics would get mercilessly roasted in a deeply cynical and ` incorrect ' country like italy . 
  mmmh , there are not enough capital letters and/or flowery rethoric in that post ... ... and the guy in question was quite the original grammar fascist . 
  so , no . 
  because i 'm an ignorant european , duh !, 
  i honestly thought atlanta was located somewhere nearby ... 
  here 's my [ attempt ] ( http://imgur.com/hi6sncu ) at it ( those are the only states i could actually think of ) . 
  edit : excuse the repost , i accidentally deleted the first one . 
  * yes , officer , i 'm totally planning on blowing up shit while i 'm here !, 
  now please check my bags for hidden weapons ... *, 
  can somebody explain the slovenian sayings ? 
  just what does the act of giving birth have to do with rome ?
