   it was probably thought as a job for immigrants which is why no italians applied again , i 'm afraid this contrasts with my very own experience . 
  bit of backstory first : the company i 've been working with at the airport is struggling financially ( meaning : we get paid when and how they want ... if at all ) and has lost a couple of contracts in favour of competitors so , lately , i 've been looking for other spots ; actually i 've looked for pretty much everything , from bartending to cleaning . 
  having already worked in tourism i thought it 'd have been wiser to concentrate on these very same hotels you speak of and every single place i 've been to not only received tons of cvs but the ( italian ) applicants were * really * numerous as well . 
  needless to say the staff in those places seemed to be made up of italians . 
  same thing with my current job ( security guard ) , which not only is difficult ... and - arguably - somewhat dangerous ... but it also involves red tape , shit-loads of courses , getting your own gun and on top of it all there 's no guarantee you 'll get accepted in a timely manner despite you having invested lots of time and money into it . 
  still , plenty of people showed up willing to take that risk !, 
  having to learn how nuconga works pales in comparison . 
   now she 's working as a social carer in the uk and the demographic changes drastically , most of the social carers are english ( about 60 % ) and people are not shy of working part-time at fast foods or supermarkets . 
  30-something cousin of mine has been working as a care-taker ( a `` badante '' , you know ) for some time now - ca n't say she likes it in the least but that was the only serious opening she 's got . 
  and she 's gone through it nevertheless . 
  i can only say that i 'm quite speechless at those people 's rather * choosy * attitude !, 
  but still , i do not believe they represent the majority of the young people here and furthermore ... this does n't actually match my experience tbh . 
  ( speaking as a 22-years-old roman here ) . 
  really ? 
  then me , my acquaintances and pretty much everybody i know must be clearly an exception to that rule ... anyhoo - tarring everybody with the same brush is still ridiculous , if you ask me . 
  could it be that the people you met happened to be ( a rich ) daddy 's favourites or any variation thereof ? 
  it 's not like we have n't got those over here . 
  great , it 's always nice hearing other people spouting utter nonsense about italians !, 
  do n't know who you had the misfortune to meet but your assumption is simply ridiculous ... 
   most residents are driving cars worth maybe a couple thousand ok , i might have slightly tampered with mine but i did n't know a punto from 2003 was worth * that * much . 
  shitty jobs , at that . 
  now * this * is why these people do n't move out ... 
   do people actually learn cursive writting in schools ? 
  it 's not a thing in poland we do . 
  and teachers , * usually * , are n't going to be pleased if you do n't get that skill asap !, 
  you should be able to write in cursive before middle school and failing to do so may have a certain stigma to it ... in my ( admittedly very own ) experience block letters are something you 'd expect from a schoolchild , not a ` proper ' adult . 
  just why ? 
  cursive can , and actually is , very useful for taking notes . 
  sure thing , mate . 
  my body is ready, 
  just have a closer look at [ those crowns ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/9a/flag_of_spain.svg/1280px-flag_of_spain.svg.png ) ... 
  actually - while sarko and his british counterpart were too busy wanking over the oil riches they 'd just managed to untap thanks to their botched intervention , both total and bp were forced to leave the place soon afterwards ... with the result that eni is now the only western energy conglomerate still active on lybian soil , currently producing * a third * ( you read that right ) of the country 's oil and gas in partnership with the national oil corporation . 
  guess who 's had the last laugh ? 
  is it just me or do the new developments really look ... cheap ? 
  and tacky , at that . 
   the figures [ ... ] are likely to include a large number of `` visits '' made unintentionally , most commonly via unwanted internet pop-ups . 
  italy is the one desperately trying to look cool while not getting too drunk , because that may turn out fucking embarrassing and then * what will the other girls in here think of me ?!, 
  better put those sunglasses on ... shit , romania 's looking at me again !, 
  england , stop puking on my leather shoes !, 
  that 's not ok !, 
  not ok at all !, 
  * but at the end of the night italy 's north-eastern istincts prevail and he too goes home shitfaced . 
  who knows ? 
  perhaps not even the britons themselves do ... 
  drop your panties , sir william , i can not wait until lunch-time !, 
  and they 're our biggest customers as well . 
  have n't heard anything from them ... 
  do people really expect weapon ( and spyware ... ) dealers to give a flying fuck about embargoes ? 
  i mean , it 's not like they 'd ever renounce to a slice of their profits in the name of `` justice '' and `` human rights '' . 
  thankfully we 're still sane enough to reject and laugh at such proposals ... 
  we just have different , more traditional ways to get a runny shit ... if that 's what you were wondering . 
  `` there can be only one ! '', 
  a bulletproof vest is not necessary ... our dear leader is protected by an aura of sheer awesomeness !, 
  i 'd agree if we were talking about purely economical divides ... as for the rest of them ( referring to our long tradition of parochialism and gratuitous internal rivalries here ! ), 
  i 'd say that they 're actually not that relevant nowadays . 
  really . 
  well , once bush was no more he just had to look for another pimp !, 
  but why in the name of whatever 's holy is it necessary to use one set of measures for something and another for something else ? 
  that does n't make the least bit of sense , it 's more like a way to needlessly complicate one 's life . 
  just like having two separate faucets for hot and cold water ... :-p, 
  perhaps good ol' blighty is the one who should join the rest of the civilised word along with the us ? 
  ^ / s i mean , what the hell is a yard , or a stone , supposed to be ? 
  make your mind up !, 
  either you use metric , or you do n't . 
  the case was , and still is , being handled rather amateurishly by both parties involved . 
  india is clearly enjoying messing with italy - the least of the western powers , if a power at all - by putting up a sham ` process ' ( that has yet to begin ) truly unworthy of a democracy ; otoh our politicians have done everything in their power to fuck things up . 
  india should grow up , but italy ( and the un ) should grow a pair . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  in theory . 
  but italy is in no position to take up such a role - and probably , * arguably * , has never been . 
  our country is too important to be a minor and yet , it 's too weak to be truly relevant ... also due to a combination of a shitty economy , a lenghty deindustrialisation , an inept political establishment as well as the lack of an active - or at the very least coherent - foreign policy that does n't involve sucking it up to whoever 's in power in exchange for nothing . 
  as an independent entity capable of pursuing its own interests , we have long dissolved from the international stage : first within nato , then within the eu . 
  the result is that we wield no real power anymore and have been left with little room for decision - all in the name of a rather misguided sense of international co-operation . 
  if berlusconi ( and most of the governments before him ) were slavishly pro-american , the ` left ' ( or whatever 's * left * of it ) is proving to be the content lapdog of whoever appears to be the bigger man in the eu and what is worse , `` there 's no escapin ' it '' . 
  so no ... unless a proper states ( wo ) man with clear goals and a pair shows up we truly ca n't do anything . 
  actually , there 's a good chance that the guy back in the kitchen * really * is n't italian ... 
  the vatican is not italy , though . 
  it 's an independent city-state . 
  daaamn , mr. schauble 's got some worrying complexes ... 
  `` who 's a good boy ... ? 
  here , have a biscuit ! '', 
  i 'm afraid op 's not young enough . 
  either way , he was already out of the picture . 
  no , but i 'm fairly certain liam neeson will . 
   do you have the `` digestion stops '' for going swimming or bathing after eating as well ? 
  if you heard portuguese grandmas , that kills millions every year as well . 
  you too ?!, 
  over here you have to wait at least one hour before you can swim/shower/bathe . 
  otherwise ... 
  you too like to live dangerously , do n't you ? 
  * your * house , at that . 
  wonderful news indeed !, 
  kazakhstan has already become a critical partner of ours and many local magnates are also contributing to the various restoration campaigns around rome ... same thing with azeris and uzbeks . 
  please keep the monies flowing . 
  but i still get to bang khaleesi , right ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm not a wizard , hagrid , i 'm just harry . 
  come on !, 
  he 's not even in parliament anymore ... let the old fart dissipate , the guy 's not worth a civil war ( not least because dud\u00f9 the dog is probably [ the only loyal follower ] ( http://www.ilsecoloxix.it/rf/image-lowres_multimedia/ilsecoloxixweb/italia/foto/2013/09/03/berluedudu.jpg ) he 's left with ) . 
  nuh nuh - it 's [ `` one-eye max '' ] ( http://www.leggo.it/fotogallery_img/high/20141202_85029_massimo-carminati.jpg ) vs da terrorists .
