  we 're still relevant enough to get our own , homegrown criminals . 
  true romans root for lazio ... unlike those angsty 2nd-generation abruzzese/marchiciani who feel the primal urge to prove their acquired romanness somehow , and who might as well join the isis . 
  posers !, 
  exit ? 
  oh , no ... consequences will never be the same !, 
  no - only a relatively small bunch of delusional people does , and most of them seem to hail either from naples or other regions in the deeper south ( the sicilians themselves were actually rather * hostile * towards the bourbon monarchy ) . 
   and kingdom of the two sicilies in italy . 
  this is madness !!, 
  a fabrication , i say ! 11 !, 
  the two sicilies were without a doubt the richest , strongest , happiest and arguably bestest nation on earth until those anti-christian , masonic , illuminati , kid-diddling and just downright eeevul piedmontese reptilians came to steal our largely non-existent gold reserves with the help of the perfidious british and then kill countless innocuous , kind , good-hearted not to mention * totally chill * folk heroes who would 've never hurted someone ... in dem lagerz , at that !, 
  well , as in every other european country that 's tried to pass similar legislation ( e.g. 
  france , ireland ) there 's always someone who is sooo not going to let such a thing pass ; not only do these people represent * a small fraction * of the public opinion but what is more important , their protest does n't make the whole of us a bunch of illiberal thugs . 
  and it seems like things have n't changed that much in germany either since the cdu - which , if i am not mistaken , is your current ruling party - seems vehemently against any and all such proposals . 
  do n't they represent their voters ? 
  btw , did n't see anyone calling the french `` fascists '' when a good chunk of them protested such legislation in 2013 . 
   is homosexuality in general something that is difficult in italy or just the idea of gay marriage ? 
  afaik most people here are not against the homosexuals themselves , even though the neo-fascists are n't obviously keen about them ( to the point they 've beaten a few gay men ) . 
  many are against same-sex marriage , though , the opposition being not so much religious in nature but rather a consequence of a particularly conservative mindset . 
  `` you can do whatever you want , but whatever that is do it in private '' . 
  i think that sums it up . 
  `` for ages '' , even ... burlesquoni actually served four , non-consecutive terms spread over a period of 17 years ; two of these terms lasted less than a year , the other two just three . 
  and those who 'd actually voted him may not even have done so , had the useless left-wing parties of the time abstained from gratuitous infighting and eventual self-destruction - a favourite of theirs . 
  but , hey , i think i can totally trust the judgement of someone who knows fuck-all about the country ... right ? 
  riiight , because we all voted * en masse * for mr. b and every single one of us is supportive of that bunch of morons . 
  also , you should really keep in mind the old saying : `` people who live in a glass house should n't throw stones '' - not least because the very same things could be said about you . 
  guess who the germans voted for a few decades ago ? 
  we 're trying , tho . 
  and for the past 69 years very few had set forth to tackle the problem ... 
  oh , we 're not ? 
  really ? 
  til . 
  please make sure you have a pair of conveniently elastic pants on before you do . 
  but still , the social attitudes of the two countries are n't quite comparable . 
  not to mention the fact that turkey 's still far below in the chart you provided ; moreover , we do n't know who they interviewed ... a 70 year-old man will give different answers than a youngster . 
  it may be also worth noting that italy was the first european country to decriminalise homosexual relationships back in 1889 , and if we were still * that * religious we probably would n't have let divorce ( nor its even faster incarnation ) or abortion pass . 
  now now , apart from nutcases like these italy 's hardly * that * religious ... ... quite a far , far cry from places like turkey !, 
  [ that 's the idea . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuyzdyw274g ), 
  do n't worry about that . 
  lisa loves you too . 
  as a person , as a human bean , as a friend ... 
  i can not tell you , it 's confidential . 
  anyway , how is your sex life ? 
  that 'd be vatican city , darling . 
  awww , thank you !, 
  the kinds of manoeuvres we have to pull off at least * do * require some skill , something most american drivers utterly lack . 
  i mean , you people need a fucking square mile just to be able to park your car slightly correctly ... :-p not to mention the overly long , straight and wide roads you 've got over there ; anybody , even the most dim-witted or short-sighted dudebro can safely drive there - your roads do not offer a real challenge at all imho . 
  oh , and do n't even get me started at your amazing inability to drive something that is not automatic !, 
  god ( and i ) know the look on your face when offered a car with a pedal too many and some clumsy stick . 
  incredibly tight parking manoeuvres lead to it , not road accidents . 
  that , and ridiculously expensive mechanics ... 
  a bit rich , coming from a french ... ( feel like crossing the etoile anyone ? ), 
  our citizenship laws do n't work that way though ... we got * jus sanguinis * over here . 
  if you 're an immigrant with no italian ancestors whatsoever , in order to be eligible for citizenship you need to register with the authorities , legally reside in the country for at least five years and know the language . 
  but this is not a viable ( nor desirable ) solution . 
  one word : echr ( did n't mean its un counterpart ) . 
  plus all the international treaties and obligations ... 
  i know that , my post was not to be taken literally . 
  unable to defend the old regime , berlusconi saw it fit to participate so as not to let the two countries have it their way with a new government ... which would have been probably turned out far less receptive to italy 's strategic needs than that of gheddafi ever was , had we not joined the intervention . 
  still think that the whole campaign was truly one catastrophically bad idea tho - but one simply does n't let others act into his country 's sphere without some supervision . 
  does it mean that we should have supported gheddafi instead ? 
  i have no sympathy whatsoever for the man but he was * our * son of a bitch ; and i feel that propping his regime up , while it was still possible ... not to mention slightly acceptable ... would have probably been the only sensed course of action , at least from a purely strategic point of view ( since italy 's very own vital interests were at stake ) . 
  just try to guess why our government green-lighted a military participation , though ? 
  we could n't let the french and brits roam undisturbed in libya , at least not anywhere near our oil fields ... 
   france used their military prowess only on libya 's dictator and now has good deals for that sweet libyan oil ... haha , what sweet deals ? 
  they did n't get any - and it serves them right ... total got kicked out of the country , while eni not only 's still there but is now producing one third of the libyan oil and gas ( in partnership with libya 's noc ) . 
  snickering sarko and the british toff shot themselves in the foot that time . 
  libya was actually a rather nice place to be , that is - until gheddafi came to power in 1969 , kicked the italians and jews out , nationalised their properties and made sure the west had every reason to carpet-bomb it to rubble . 
  but his rule ( while odious ) was certainly still better than the isis-infested , lawless hellhole cameron and sarkozy created when they came out with this brilliant idea of theirs : to take advantage of the 2011 revolution and help the libyan peop ... er , try wrestle control of the oil fields from eni by bombing the place into oblivion ( again ) and then just leave it alone in the hope to take what 's left . 
  what a lovely idea !, 
  really , you should thank them for this wonderful state of affairs . 
  oh , and serves them right - total and bp have not only failed to take eni 's place , but the latter 's now the only foreign company left in the country and is currently producing a third of its oil and gas . 
  shot in the foot very much ? 
  i find it slightly ironic that a french would post this , considering that the border at ventimiglia 's just been closed ... 
  too bad , you wo n't be getting any of that sweet tourist money . 
  you surely meant italian - * american * traditions and superstitions , right ? 
  they 're the ones into this kind of things ... 
  your chancellor must have been really good at fabricating claims then ... :-p, 
  oh , but it 's not like you people ever managed to extort * totally * slovenian places such as pirano or capodistria ... right ? 
  i 'd have just banished her from the realm instead . 
  well , they actually have lots and lots and lots of buildings and land - * especially * here in ( or around ) rome - which do not benefit from extraterritoriality like other places ( such as the basilicas ) do but are exempt from taxation nevertheless ; what is worse , they 've actually been refusing any such rectifications in that sense . 
  because . 
   to accuse the vatican of being a theocracy has to be satire is n't it ? 
  last time i checked , it was . 
   complacency towards the criminals in italian society - sure , but should n't this be foremost a concern for italy ? 
  this is one of our foremost issues , right , but many criminals have indeed benefitted from the vatican 's services ( such as the ior ) and the state authorities themselves have been involved in some pretty nasty shit . 
  we have our own concerns , true , but the vatican often proved uncooperative when we tried to sort that very shit out . 
  i do n't know ... but why should we love a theocratic , tax-evading excuse of a statelet notorious for its attempts at covering the child molesters among its ranks and which has been complacent towards the most corrupted/criminal strata of italian society ? 
  a state that owes its own existence to a dictator 's cheap trick for more consensus , at that ? 
  oh , and let 's not forget they 've always liked to meddle with our internal politics . 
  slo-where ? 
  no gratuitous hate for sweden ? 
  i call bs on this map . 
  humidity . 
  paint does n't last long ... 
   but then i wonder why you do n't have facades that do n't need paint . 
  i do n't know , go ask the people who built these places in the 16th century ? 
  as far as modern buildings are concerned , a lot of the condos you see have been built during the building fever of the '50s / '60s , and its not like the speculators cared much about their appearance ; an awful lot of these were downright illegal or devoid of amenities such as parking lots , proper insulation or even a connection to the sewers . 
  these people did n't obviously give a hoot about aesthetics . 
  concrete was cheap , so was land and large profits certain ; that 's all they cared about .
