  afaik most are italians ... perhaps only the higher-ups get citizenship . 
  i saw a vatican passport once and it belonged to some cardinal . 
  that of a couple thousand ip addresses from chile and paraguay , obviously !, 
  you forgot the vatican museums , tobacconist , post office , police , supermarket , tv/radio centre , bank , petrol station , bookshops , and pharmacy ; not to mention the apsa . 
  those are all manned by ordinary people ( not nuns ) albeit you 'd need to produce a letter of recommendation from your local parish and do lots of networking in order to have your application even considered . 
  they also ask you questions about mass and other bullshit to see if you really go to church because there are priests who sell those letters for fifty quid ... not that i know anything about it , mind you . 
  next step , the eu ... 
  supporters of the monarchy ( surprise , i 'm one ) have always supported amedeo di savoia-aosta , from the very beginning . 
  at least as far the u.m.i. 
  is concerned . 
  `` that guy '' co-opted a number of organisations , such as the order of st. mauritius and lazarus , but they have no legal validity and to be fair are mundane cash-grabs for gullible people . 
  hell , his own father forbade him to make use or grant any title , kinghthood whatsoever !, 
  whatever he 's doing is not just devoid of legal validity ( duh ) but not even other monarchist recognise it . 
  `` that guy '' is not the heir presumptive to the italian throne , has n't been since 1969 and his son is n't the heir to anything . 
  the so-called `` accident '' at cavallo , in 1978 , sealed the deal so ... even if we still had the monarchy , umberto ii would 've died in 1983 and the wordly abomination known as his son disinherited regardless . 
  thankfully , i might add . 
  guess what , * you * too are part of this very people , country and society . 
  unless you 're suggesting that venetians are , by virtue of cultural and genetic traits , naturally less corrupt than the rest of us suckers ... and i have my doubts about that . 
  oh , and if we 're such terrible oppressors then why do n't you go back to the good ol' days of lombardy-venetia ? 
  enjoy the extra taxes !, 
  the censorship !, 
  secret police !, 
  extrajudicial killings galore !, 
  all on your own quid . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a blast . 
  & nbsp ;  same things can be said for what happened between 1861 and 1922 then , right ? 
  & nbsp ; naturally . 
  & nbsp ;  btw i might have misunderstood you . 
  if the king has to be only a figurehead ( like in england or spain ) it 's more acceptable than the king having power ( like in saudi arabia or north korea ) . 
  i still prefer an elected representative . 
  & nbsp ; of course . 
  we 're not really disagreeing on this point . 
  & nbsp ;  yes , let us also not pretend nothing happened between 1946 and today . 
  italy is immensely more socially progressive than it was during the monarchy , starting with giving women the right to vote . 
  i fail to see how recognizing we are a country due to vittorio emanuele ii and wanting a monarchy back are related . 
  so far , no pdr gave power to a fascist dictator . 
  as gobetti once said , we unfortunately never had a liberal revolution in this country . 
  & nbsp ; yes , we do n't need to go too far in one direction or another . 
  i agree with that . 
  but that line of reasoning contains a fallacy . 
  of course we 're richer , more prosperous and more advanced as a society than we were back in 1946 !, 
  it 's only natural . 
  but had fascism never taken place , or lasted longer , or had the monarchy be left in its place the * same exact changes * would 've happened sooner or later . 
  social change was inevitable . 
  look at spain and where it went from 1975 to this day . 
  even the republic we all know had its quirks , such as the pre-1981 status of honour killings and reparatory marriage . 
  or the subservience to the church . 
  no , no pdr ever needed to give power to a dictator . 
  why would 've he needed to when the civil , military and intelligence apparatuses running the country were more than willing to do so in his place , not once but even twice in 1964 and 1970 ? 
  who are we kidding ? 
  we 've always been chummy with moral fascism . 
  i think a king would be better than a powerless figurehead of a president who suddenly pretends to be non-partisan as soon as he gets elected and who 's the kind of guy no-one knows , remembers or even gives a fuck about . 
  fascism was 80 years ago . 
  mistakes were made , they paid for them , but it 's also high time we stop pretending nothing happened between 1861 and 1922 . 
  if we 're a country in the first place we owe it to the monarchy and whatever social progress ( abolition of the death penalty and decriminalisation of homosexuality with the penal code of 1890 , laicisation of the state , divorce ) we underwent under the republic can trace its roots back to that period . 
  i 'll also have you know that most italians were actually fine with fascism for as long as it benefitted them ... it 's very disingenuous to say `` oh , but we were anti-fascist all along !, 
  bad king , it 's all your fault !, 
  shame on you ! '', 
  because that simply is n't true . 
  it was n't true in 1946 - if it was , then the side in favour of the republic would 've won a landslide victory - and it is n't true now . 
  fascism was not a parenthesis and it did n't come out of nowhere . 
  besides , the republic lost all credibility from the moment in which it did get rid of the monarchy but let the cadres and bureaucratic apparatus , the ones which served the fascist regime so well for 20 + years that is , in its place . 
  untouched . 
  not even a slap on the wrist . 
  the war criminals , too , you think they died on the gallows as they should have ? 
  of course not . 
  by the way why are we still using the civil and penal codes from 1942 and 1931 , respectively ? 
  the recent presidential pandering to the `` veterans '' ( ! ), 
  of the rsi is the final nail on the coffin . 
  so was our failure - as a nation , as people , as a community - to effectively deal with the fascist legacy and accept our responsibilities and that 's exactly the reason as to why i , for one , wo n't be drinking the feel-good republican kool-aid they 've been pandering to us since 1946 in order to assuage our ( their ? ), 
  very dirty consciences . 
  back to marino ? 
  count me in . 
  as far as alemanno is concerned , you 'll notice that we 've already been brought back to him - dear virgy seems hell-bent on continuing his legacy of pandering to the worst strata of roman society ... 
  no , but at least marino was doing something about it . 
  she 's not even pretending to . 
  yes , virginia raggi ( m5s ) got elected thanks to the votes of taxi/atac drivers , nimbys , peddlers , civil servants and assorted scum ... she 's now doing her damnedest best in order to send us back to the stone age . 
  when she 's not too busy spouting nonsense or trying to keep the city council from self-destructing , that is . 
  m5s got elected . 
  now imagine what might happen if they could run italy the way they 're `` running '' rome . 
  nope , if you take the government out of rome we 'd hardly be `` better '' off . 
  btw salerno , really ? 
  why ? 
  it 'd make just as sense as the uk moving its capital to slough . 
  florence is much too small to be of any relevance and milan , well , we 'd rather decapitate every single civil servant in the country rather than let the government move our capital to that foggy , glitzy , polished turd with an attitude they call milan !, 
  have they tried turning it off and on again ? 
  so , the tsar and the sultan are getting frisky . 
  mutual desires ... phone calls ... and now even a ( balls ? ), 
  deep partnership . 
  just come out already , guys . 
  yes , we too used to do that - i had my shots done by the school doctor in the early 1990s . 
  do n't know if things have changed , though . 
  [ yes , really . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/av/technology-24304415/icelandic-phone-app-stops-you-dating-close-relatives ), 
  * their dating apps are specifically designed to avoid banging relatives * it 's far up in the north , even further up than the alps ( ! ), 
  * weird alphabet , incredibly difficult language * lazy town * volcanoes * no army * ? 
  & nbsp ; ** tl ; dr ** not much . 
  & nbsp ;  third one ... have you seen what counts as art nowadays ? 
  & nbsp ; you mean [ shit like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh6wiewnyv8 ) ? 
  and at least the medicis were fun to be around ... they threw grand orgies , were good with money , protected the arts and liked to [ clean their vomit with wigs or shit their beds in public ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gian_gastone_de'_medici,_grand_duke_of_tuscany ) .
