  agreed . 
  as for myself ... 
  i too would like a stable income , decent health , and a home of my own . 
  not going to ask for more ; that 's what i call the italian dream !, 
  good luck to you too - we 're going to need all the luck we can get . 
  same thing here . 
  i 've been doing public competitions ( concorsi ? ), 
  for a place in the pa since like forever . 
  twentieth time is the charm or so i hear !, 
  at least the state pays you in a timely manner and you also get to have your social security contributions paid ; on top of it all you even have reasonable job duties and work hours . 
  contracts are rock-solid , too , so what 's not to like ? 
  but a man ... a man can only dream !, 
  brexiters hate them !, 
  eu diplomats have discovered a revolutionary new trick to enlarge their member states , [ click here ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/neighbourhood-enlargement/countries/package_en ) to find out how and learn the shocking truth behind their packages . 
  if you 're in your 60s + , try this ... 
  of course you meant ** veglia ** / s, 
  * we are the borg . 
  we will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . 
  resistance is futile . 
  yes , we 're talking about those croats who moved to central/southern italy during the 16th century . 
  however - it should be noted that there are still doubts among many historians on whether molise actually existed , or if it was merely the setting of folkloristic tall tales ( like avalon or atlantis ) . 
  whatever the truth , our government seems all too keen to peddle such a ridiculous theory without any kind of historical or geographical proof to back it up . 
  do human sacrifices take place on top of the building ? 
  and are non-goa ` uld allowed inside ? 
  hey , do n't you diss the source of my sexual awakening !, 
  ( but to be fair she was still hot and mentally sound back in 2001 ) . 
  * it 's somewhere ... around there ... on the other side of the adriatic sea . 
  * but it 's all yugoslavia to us , so why even bother with maps . 
  * very tall people and beautiful women with a temper . 
  * who share a bizarre hatred of vowels . 
  * gib back istriaaah !!, 
  * an advanced civilisation , unlike one of their neighbours ( who could that be ? ), 
  they 've discovered toll booths . 
  * my dentist lives there ... her rates are cheap and she 's pretty hot , thus confirming the stereotype . 
  * thank you for having invented the necktie - i 'm sure you made the world a better place !, 
  * they have a beef with serbia ( as shown in the documentary `` serbia strong '' ) . 
  * there are croats in molise whose existence , however , is disputed . 
  * their politicians are almost worse than ours . 
  almost . 
  * man , nina moric ca n't have aged that badly ? 
  southerners have been moving up north since the 1800s ( not that this improved anything ) . 
  awesome . 
  do i still get the pizza , though ? 
  i 'm sold, 
  so if we tell them to fuck off , they 'll fuck off ? 
  oh boy ... after seeing this i think i need m\u00e4mmi !, 
  or an adult , at the very least . 
  yup , it 's the former molino stucky ( now a luxury hotel ) . 
  nurses , physiotherapists , plumbers and electricians , it bullshit . 
  yes , worked security at an airport . 
  so , we 've got an expert !, 
  it is . 
  just go to piazza campo de ' fiori after 9 pm . 
  we do , actually , we call them `` american tourists '' . 
  if i think about just how much i spent in dlcs for ck2 ... 
  of course , one of them is the heir to the throne and the other 's his wife . 
  hahaha lololol it 's pretty shit and you 're better off with a car . 
  guess the city ? 
  michelle trachtenberg is hot . 
  north korea best korea , grolious leader with no butthole will usher a new era of prosperity . 
  i do n't think we get foreign channels anymore , you could watch french tv in the '90s . 
  salty much ? 
  to answer your questions , i do n't travel often to austria ( last time i visited was in 2004 ) and i am well aware of that obligation ; still , vignettes are a stupid method of collecting tolls . 
  we have a tendency not to learn from our mistakes , let alone the mistakes of others . 
  it 's only fair , we robbed you of trieste . 
  why look at window when you can look at waifu . 
  solid snake lives there . 
  they have n't discovered toll booths yet in slovenia . 
  seriously , i was shocked by the popularity of cheques in canada ? 
  i 've only had to cash one once , it was for a job and i remember asking my father `` now what the fuck do i do with this thing ? '', 
  it is , indeed . 
  least favourite : every hollywood production in which there are italians . 
  huh , that 's actually debatable . 
  no landline ; no gas , you have to go to the nearest town in order to buy a tank for cooking ; no groceries , you have to drive to the nearest town ( which is 27 km away ) just to buy groceries or have a coffee at the bar . 
  god forbid there 's an earthquake . 
  they 're also deserted , save for a couple of weeks in august . 
  the difference is that all of this legal over here , since 2007 . 
  you 'll understand when you 'll see the opposite sides of the tyrrhenian . 
  brownish water in latium , crystal-clear beaches in gallura . 
  easy . 
  owning a holiday home in some seaside town . 
  what the videos do n't say is that you have to tip * me * regardless of what i do . 
   and paying their insurance for them i do n't know about the uk but that 's pretty much a necessity in italy , the law permits you to buy a car and pklace it under your parents ' insurance coverage . 
  otherwise premiums are just too high , especially if you 're male , below the age of 26 and live in a big city . 
  of course they 're dubbed . 
  croatia ( x 5 ) , slovenia ( x 5 ) , greece , spain , switzerland ( x 2 ) , vatican city ( x \u221e ) , san marino . 
  is n't that mostly due to spain 's weird time zone , though ? 
  not mine , that 's for sure . 
  i prefer british english , that 's the variety i studied and the one i am familiar with . 
  second time was the charm . 
  i appreciate your patronage . 
  polish is faiy smooth and easy on the ears . 
  i 've never met an actual iranian here and i do n't think we 've got any . 
  what ? 
  my grandpa used to make cuscus with lamb and veggies . 
  tried to make it myself but it just is n't the same thing . 
  bunga bunga parties are classist and elitist . 
  we just want to give all european men a government-sponsored chance at getting laid . 
  it 's the kind of duty i 'm more than happy to undertake . 
  all aboard the love train !,
