  sure thing . 
  who 's everyone ? 
  besides , not all people here are like that ; what you 're describing is quite far from being `` a fact '' . 
  i was going to give you a serious answer , until i read this :  [ ... ] as if being a roman was something to be proud of - fucking parasites and coatti who think they are the really witty and everyone loves them sorry pal , i do n't know where you come from but you should definitely get off that high horse of yours ... 
  do n't forget the greeks and albanians down south , actual romans in rome ... 
  the same could be said about pretty much every map-toting american in rome , though . 
  so ... '' ... dear tourists , why do you feel the need to walk down the pavement four abreast ? '', 
  that company 's based in lombardy : why is there a goddamn mandolin playing in the background ? 
  americans , what do they know ... :-(, 
  reminds me of [ hitler planning to plan another plan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zodrm1xevr0 ) . 
  yeah , but these guys surely are insistent . 
  sometimes i ca n't help but feel like some monkey whose habits are being studied in a zoo ... 
   we are basically the only nation in the world which attacked the pope 's castle and belongings , in 1965 , with cannons . 
  i think you really meant 1870 and no , those possessions were actually the city rome ( or at least a short strech of the aurelian walls ) . 
  unless you were referring to those battles - such as castelfidardo - which had led to the annexation of large swathes of the papal states ten years prior , when the * risorgimento * was still in full swing . 
  fun fact : the saracens were the first to attack papal possessions in ad 846 !, 
  that year rome was put under siege , but the defenders were determined enough not to let the besiegers take the walls . 
  because of that the raiding party it fit to attack and loot st. peter 's ( which at the time was located outside the ramparts ) instead ... 
  ah , the joys of anglo journalism ... 
  but seriously - what 's up with their reporters , and why do they seem obsessed with us ? 
  [ this sums it up pretty nicely . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/63/4c/7c/634c7c77f0bed385a99710088f82b4ef.jpg ) i mean , the war ( and its aftermath ) to which we literally lost everything we 've ever had is a * very * touchy subject : few here like to discuss or even mention it - not least because when that happens , a shitstorm is guaranteed to follow . 
  but i echo / u/martelfirst 's feelings about the whole ordeal , and the loads of unfair shit we get for that ... ... ww2 is regarded as a neverending source of shame , embarrassment and controversy ; it 's something we 've never truly recovered from or dealt with . 
  plus , those eager to bring it up are usually either ( neo ) fascists or communists . 
  seems legit , i do the same things in ck2 . 
   why is that ? 
  bribes - as well the lack of an adequate town planning scheme , the last of which was laid out out in 1942 . 
  that of 1962 was surreptitiously skewed in favour of those very same developers and it failed to address the city 's issues . 
  buildings were n't even required to have their own parking lots/garages until 1968 , mind you ... and those who had built their own houses without proper planning permission were given the chance to apply for a remission ; the deal was that the owners could keep their houses , the state got some money back , everybody ` won ' . 
  in order to answer your question i need to provide some background first . 
  the city 's ring-road was built from 1948-52 , at what was then a * very * considerable distance from the city proper , so as to allow the growing automobile/freight traffic to circumvent the congested historical centre as well as the ever-clogged roman roads that lead to it . 
  therefore , for a certain while you had a very compact urban area which was entirely surrounded by what were still farmlands and beyond these the brand-new , soon-to-be-inadequate beltway . 
  but with the post-war economic miracle and the subsequent immigration rome started experiencing a building fever ; greedy entrepreneurs ( * palazzinari * ) - who also happened to control the housing market - bought those farmlands for peanuts , had them declared suitable for development ( thanks to kickbacks and bribes to the local politicians ) and then began erecting entire ` dormitory districts ' almost overnight . 
  these places had the only advantage of being located near a consular road and usually lacked illumination or , in a few cases , a connection to the sewers . 
  many of those condos were often downright illegal and of poor quality . 
  with the end of the boom in the 1980s said building fever ceased with the result that rome now looks like some kind of octopus - only the areas adjacent to the consolidated city , as well as those along the main roads have been overbuilt , thus leaving lots of free space ( some of which is occupied by natural reserves ) in between . 
  quite a few of these ` new districts ' were n't even connected to one another or lacked decent road connections ; many of those roads did n't even meet the standards ... that 's a situation which has been addressed in the last 10/15 years . 
  tl ; dr - it all boils down to one word ... speculation . 
  i 'd just like to add my two pence . 
  while this city certainly needs more metro lines and an overall efficient , decent service ... the article fails to mention the simple fact that rome 's metropolitan area - while bigger than that of milan - is actually rather empty and requires nothing short of a radically different approach to public infrastructures . 
  milan 's metropolitan area does n't actually end past the city borders thanks to its compact and rather extensive hinterland ; rome , on the other hand , not only lacks such a thing ( due to it being surrounded by a rather depressing countryside and the nearest towns being all located at a certain distance from the capital ) but the city 's got plenty of empty spaces within the ring-road as well . 
  whoever is in charge of planning new metro/tram lines has take this into due consideration , for both cities have totally different layouts ... 
  wait a sec , france gets the money and we got ... what ? 
  i feel * slightly * duped to be honest . 
  yay !, 
  italy can into irrelevant !, 
  the ( trite ) myth about a * dolce vita * of sorts is , well , just a myth ... ... but the loads of aging , `` digitally illiterate '' folks ; the rapacious providers ; and an inadequate network surely are not . 
  wow , no italy ? 
  have we really declined that much ? 
   i just could n't get used to having less that 1m of headroom above me coming from warsaw where oldest metro stations look like that . 
  [ ... ] keep in mind that 1 ) we 're seriously quite short on space over here and 2 ) warsaw hardly has the same kind of archaeological/budget constraints our city has to deal with , a place where entire stops get cancelled due to that . 
   [ ... ] guess it 's less of an issue for people who actually use the metro , rather than those who live next to overground parts with a train passing in front of their windows every 3 minutes or so . 
  seems horrible for the latter bunch . 
  are you referring to the roma-giardinetti line , the one located besides termini station which looks like a tram but is not one ? 
  it 's been around since 1914 and so have most of the buildings ... people have long gotten used to it . 
  anyhoo , yes , the esquilino definitely is n't the most pleasant of districts . 
  glad you 've enjoyed your stay !, 
  well , this is rome we 're speaking of . 
  apart from a few stops which happen to be located in the city 's outskirts that 's pretty much what they could possibly dig without jeopardising the archaeological strata and the stability of nearby buildings ; so this , as well as the inadequate standards at the time of construction ( talking about the 1930s/60s here ) , is the reason as to why there are not many ginormous metro stops . 
  line c is spacious enough tho . 
  2 ) as for dirtiness ... that one issue can , and should , definitely be addressed but city hall 's broke atm . 
  3 ) what 's wrong with a line or parts of it being overground ? 
  there 's absolutely nothing on the way to the sea . 
  4 ) yes , 21 stops ( out of 30 ) are already operational - and have been since last year . 
  line c is alive and well !, 
  allright , allright ... 
  i agree about the bureaucracy and inefficiency but still - i do n't buy into the assumption that central and southern italians are less than hard-working . 
  at least those in the private sector , which can be rather unforgiving . 
  also keep in mind that many of the places dealing with tourists/foreigners are , in a certain sense , sloppier : the owners have ( not so ) suddenly found the proverbial `` chicken shitting golden eggs '' within their reach and they 're hell-bent on squeezing it like a lemon . 
  lastly - romans might not be famed for their hospitality , true , but not every single one of us is an asshole ; an awful lot are and the crisis has only made things worse . 
   [ ... ] italian people are extremely lazy and unproductive . 
  its amazing how they cant get any work done and there is corruption all over the country . 
  although , i hear the north of italy is totally different from the center and south . 
  its like two different countries ... riiight , and one of them 's called * padania * . 
  sure thing . 
  also - that 's a bit rich coming from a portuguese !, 
   except for the cops , they were total dicks . 
  am roman , can confirm . 
  but they 're like that to everybody - not just tourists . 
  rome and its city centre are two completely different things , and the rest of the city can be pleasant as well . 
  besides ... the metro 's not that bad ( when it 's working ) . 
  ... and pay for the ` privilege ' . 
  well , it 's * naples . 
  you mean the * centauro * ? 
  afaik that 's not a tank ... the * ariete * is one such thingies , and it 's got tracks indeed . 
  quite a bleak article - but the comments from the usual fringe of deluded , butthurt neapolitans surely do make for a good laugh . 
  * `` boo-hoo , those evil savoyards stole our non-existent monies !, 
  it 's all their fault !, 
  two sicilies stronk !, 
  '' * edit : anyhoo , the other comments below the article gave me cancer . 
  never , ever read those . 
  why is the entirety of latium labelled as `` gays '' ? 
  we got nuffin ' to do with the vatican . 
   [ ... ] at least we are not known for abduction/torture ( looking at you slov ** ia and albania --  hostel/taken ) ah , those dastardly slovenes and their infamous hostels . 
  i mean , not necessarily - we 've got quite a few other kinds of of food ... 
  they 're ... * spanish * , dude . 
  spanish !, 
  * i ca n't believe it 's not polonium !, 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  if i had a pair of conveniently elastic trousers on i 'd have already turned into the incredible hulk and smashed things .
