  they 're basically the left-wing equivalent to the * giornale * . 
  toilet paper . 
  as you may have guessed i have no sympathy for the man or whatever he stands for ; the reform in question has some good bits ( local administrations and their powers ) but the other benefits he 's touting are either non-existent or exaggerated . 
  & nbsp ; among the other things : & nbsp ; * the overhaul of the italian school system he 's been blabbing about is a combo of ridiculous shit ( marks will be finally given in letters , just like in the movies !, 
  ) , even more ridiculous shit ( it will be impossible to actually fail students ! ), 
  and useless crap ( no german-style apprenticeship system but hey , you get to talk about whatever practical thing you managed to do during the last year of school . 
  what does that mean `` but i go to a grammar school , sir ? '' ) . 
  * he likes to play god within the pd , just look at what he and his personal yellow press did to the previous mayor of rome . 
  * he passed the so-called `` jobs act '' . 
  now italian workers have even less rights , but do n't you dare sack a civil servant !, 
  * `` let 's ratify ttip !, 
  let 's ratify ceta !, 
  let 's give a slice of tyrrhenian to france - to hell with those damn fishermen ! '', 
  * he 's also killed , derailed or otherwise maimed several infrastructural projects which were already well underway . 
  * his predecessors were no better but boy ... does n't he like giving blatant hand-outs to prospective voters . 
  * his communication style is straight out of a middle school playground ( `` whoever disagrees is a loser ! '' ) . 
  * and i could go on . 
  especially about all the random english words he throws around 'cause it 's cool . 
  & nbsp ; the sooner we get rid of this idiot , the better ; problem is , there are even worse idiots in parliament . 
  let me add my two pence : & nbsp ; * renzi is a bumbling , obama-worshipping buffoon with a terrible taste in clothes , an annoying accent and an even more annoying personality who 's shown a worrying penchant for playing strong with those who are weak ( italians ) and weak with those who are strong ( the eu , usa , germany , france , you name it ) . 
  he barks , but is happy to bend over backwards for you . 
  * his foreign policy consists in us being butt-fucked by whoever 's in power and signing whatever scrap of paper they throw at us . 
  * a number ( not all ) of his reforms are half-baked abortions made for show that do n't have much in the way of actual content . 
  * he ended up being hated by most italians , yet chose to tie his political fortunes to the outcome of the referendum . 
  * the reform itself is a clusterfuck . 
  many will vote `` no '' based on that alone , but even more will do so out of spite . 
  * his efforts will fail and he will end up like cameron ... always assuming he has the decency to step down . 
  & nbsp ; even if the reform passes , what changes ? 
  nothing . 
  absolutely fuck-all . 
  not least because we 're going to hit bankruptcy in a couple of years anyway ( no shit sherlock , who knew that covering for past debts with even more debts was n't a good idea ? 
  i 'm shocked ) . 
  is anybody really surprised ? 
  how egocentric must one be to achieve such a level of dementia and detachment from reality ? 
  at this point , i just wish we 'd go bankrupt and kick the bucket ... for good . 
  a sudden collapse would be better than the prospect of slowly bleeding to death for * another * 25 years . 
  who needs atomic warheads when we have surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  just tape a few cans of that thing on top of an ariane rocket and we 're good . 
  i 've edited my previous post ( it was a silly ac2 reference anyway ) . 
  but where is the villa auditore ? 
  i paid good money for those renovations you know ... 
  was one , can confirm . 
  amateurs . 
  here in rome they need three months just to file the necessary paperwork and then , during the first day in the works , an unexpected roman ruin will suddenly pop out of nowhere therefore forcing archaeologists to ` temporarily ' halt everything in the name of heritage for the next 10 years . 
  if you 're lucky , that is . 
  if you 're not , someone else ( usually a rich nimby residing nearby ) may bring the whole matter to court - whose magistrate will take another ten years just to dismiss the complaint and allow the damn works to start again . 
  we all know william the bastard fabricated claims on the english throne . 
  there 's was also that other time in 1420, 
  just another rough day at the troll factory . 
  he probably tasked of making sure that prison cells respect the principles of feng-shui . 
  religion does n't play a part in this , at least since the 1970s . 
  because ridiculous cultural expectations that are fortunately changing . 
   ends in northern italy ( which is surprisingly economically powerful ) . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  wait , no . 
  she 's been appointed as first belphegor instead . 
  yes , as long as you do n't ask for paella with chorizo you should be fine . 
  `` labour abuses '' ? 
  lol more like `` standard practice '' where i 'm from . 
  could it be , i do n't know , that our region has long been neglected for decades and has only ( relatively ) recently seen a surge in industrialisation , most of which was levelled by the crisis anyway ? 
  just saying . 
  we also have such trifles such as big pharma and aerospace , though . 
  * you would never steal a scudetto ... *, 
  welcome to the 20th century !, 
  i wish it was . 
  a statue of donald `` the donald '' j. trump , jr. is also planned on the premises . 
  i agree , first goblin would be a more appropriate title . 
  checks out , they 're both in italy . 
  it 's either that or the guillotine . 
  just like slovenia then . 
  but are those wheat fields ? 
  no , we dolomite . 
  considering that you can drive from border to border in about two hours this is n't too far fetched of a proposition . 
  it 's not gay if putin 's on top . 
  with spit and fire-crackers , presumably . 
  at this point why does n't he just self-appoint himself emperor of all russia ? 
  then you have n't seen foligno , konami took inspiration from that place for silent hill . 
  problem is , a good chunk of italian workers is not covered by this kind of contracts . 
  sorry , the interwebs are a series of tubes and therefore very confusing . 
  myself , i am more into ninjas . 
  then why does n't juventus welcome him with open arms ? 
  now that 's something i can get behind to . 
  then what is the solution ? 
  put up a naval blockade , cuba-style , and let the poor fuckers deal with it themselves . 
  there 's no other solution and an italian intervention would be extremely unpopular . 
  nobody wants a new algerian war on their hands . 
  well ... whether you like it or not such a solution really would represent an actual suicide and we would end up like the soviets in afghanistan . 
  besides , would the italian public opinion support such a prolonged ( and costly ) intervention ? 
  now , if we were to lead a un intervention that 'd be more reasonable but still ... 
  who ever spoke about putting actual boots on the grounds ? 
  it would be suicide . 
  all we can do is a proper naval blockade and prop up serraj . 
  you forgot russia and , possibly , france . 
  i would n't worry too much about the sunni support - his government is not recognised by the international community and even if it was he 's sitting on a very unstable powder keg . 
  he has to play big dog or else another strongman takes his place . 
  they still hate themselves more than they hate us . 
  is n't he already ? 
  lol, 
  they know they would get their applications denied . 
  it really does n't take that much.\u00ec .
