  breakfast - a breath of fresh air , usually accompanied by with a cigarette . 
  lunch - usually pasta , broth or rice followed by meat/fish or cheese and a fruit . 
  dinner - a microwaved meal because i ca n't cook for shit . 
  i propose the government give women a hefty cash bonus to date me . 
  [ jalisse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_anbij1hrc8 ) where are they know ? 
  is that guy still pretending to play guitar ? 
  we may never know . 
  high school ( barely ) . 
  from your requisites , you may want to avoid italy altogether . 
  * secret weapons over normandy * metar gear solid 1 and 3 * hearts of iron iii * crusader kings 2, 
  codroipo is not a weird name se but it happens to be the angram of a very popular blasphemy . 
  actual camps of homeleess southerners ? 
  you really sure about that ? 
  wow , an actual vatican citizen in the wild ?!, 
  i 've seen a nun 's passport ... it had both her birth name and religious name listed . 
  for example , her actual name was something along the lines of `` maria rossi '' but her religious name was `` sister juliana '' . 
  yeah , but i 'd probably be competing with a bunch of other italians or foreigners . 
  would such a thing really be worth the move ? 
  there just are n't any jobs . 
  really . 
  i 'm not the kind of person who shies away from menial occupations ( i 've cleaned toilets for less than $ 4/hour ) but when frying burgers at mickey d becomes a sought-after position and you keep jumping from temporary gig to gig you know it 's time for a change . 
  i have considered such plans but truth to be told , if no one 's willing to hire me in italy then why should a german do so ? 
  3 ) croatia 4 ) germany 5 ) britain, 
  i disagree , the women can be * very * cute . 
  no , but there 's the personal data of its holder as well as his/her religious name . 
  ours looks like as if it was straight out of some ex-ussr state . 
  who ? 
  the entire five-star movement counts as one . 
  wait until you hear about their four-week payment plans !, 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  not italy . 
  next !, 
  tim and wind , both cell-phone carriers . 
  fuck them . 
  makes sense , i will look into one such programmes . 
  sounds interesting , but do n't you guys do that in high school ? 
  fuck booking.com !, 
  we do n't even have gardens , so . 
  my government certainly thinks so . 
  i disagree . 
  save for a few exceptions i 've always been an office worker ... you know , general administration , secretarial work , that kind of crap . 
  i would n't go back to uni , once was enough and i did n't exactly shine . 
  why would that be ? 
  you can call me quirite if you want . 
  i like to think this is the universe 's way of making us pay for roberto baggio . 
  come on , british women are n't that bad . 
  just how fucking high the cost of life is , at least for italian wages . 
  oh , sure , we have rugby . 
  there 's a non-competitive tournament called the six nations , every year we lose it . 
  yes indeed ( english , french , modern greek , * very * basic croatian plus some latin and ancient greek ) . 
  thanks for the link , i was already looking up foreign ... * holiday destinations * , possibly of the permanent kind . 
  i 'm a it wary about universities because i was n't exactly a modern student but who knows . 
  i have an high school degree but i can grow my own marijuana and can speak four languages ? 
  are ... are you saying there 's a chance ? 
  i can into work-force ?!, 
  * furiously packs up things *, 
  good for you ? 
  i 'm not saying it was aliens , but it was aliens . 
  i would argue that the [ ferie augustae ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferragosto are still alive and well . 
  hell no . 
  i 'm done . 
  wealthy , orderly , slightly boring , neutral , great views and lovely cities . 
  but seriously , fuck ticino . 
  of course it is . 
  good for you !, 
  the kind of people we get in rome and florence are quite different , though . 
  i 'd be surprised , considering that most american students come here with the excuse of studying italian language and culture but end up doing american things with other americans in their english-speaking bubble . 
  hips be upon her, 
  50/40/10 i really do n't get why our government is so happy to give citizenship away like candy to people who ca n't speak a lick of italian , have never been here , know jack-shit about the country or its customs and yet they 're allowed to vote in a country they know nothing about just because their great-great-great-grandpa came from exotic roccacannuccia . 
  or some other godforsaken place that was n't even part of italy at the time , for that matter ; it gets even more ridiculous if you think that certain minorities - such as istrian italians - already have italian citizenship and so do the exiles ( duh ) so what the fuck are we talking about ? 
  like , seriously ? 
  at least have them buy it like they do in malta . 
  imho this is bullshit ... it 's really bullshit of the highest degree , i 'm telling you ( but so is ius soli ) . 
  my criteria would be : & nbsp ; * your parents ( no , grandma 's thrice-removed uncle does n't count and neither does having some random italian dude in your family tree ) are italian citizens and you happen to speak our language ? 
  good , you 're one of us . 
  * you 're a * qualified * foreign worker who speaks the language fluently ; who knows the culture and is willing to respect our social mores ; who 's willing to integrate within italian society without making a fuss ; who 's had stable employment and residence in the country for at least 10 years ? 
  good , congratulations , you 're one of us . 
  * you 're an immigrant born in italy from immigrant parents with a permanent residence permit and a stable employment history , who 's also completed the studies in our country at least to a high school level ? 
  one of us . 
  * everyone else ? 
  you can frig off or buy citizenship for lots of $ but even then you got to speak the language and renounce whatever other citizenship you already have . 
  you 're a poor soul fresh off the boat seeking welfare or someone who was n't going to get employed anywhere anyhow ? 
  tough shit . 
  off to libya you go . 
  & nbsp ; that 's how i see it . 
  and no citizenship by marriage , either . 
  dat vocal fry though !, 
  i would n't know , they all sound very nasal to me . 
  & nbsp ;  this was in milan . 
  & nbsp ; you have become a moderator of r/rome, 
  nothing special ... everything had been with planned years in advance and we all knew what the new coins looked like ; it was also fashionable to get an euro kit . 
  there was indeed a very long transition period but it all went smoothly , without a hiccough . 
  problems started when prices and salaries had to be converted in the new currency : prices doubled ( in some cases tripled ) , wages stayed flat and our purchasing power went down the fucking toilet . 
  12-year-old me used to have 75,000 \u20a4 . 
  i could 've bought the world with those . 
  it 's less than 25 $ today ( barely enough for a meal at mickey d !, 
  everybody seems to rave about it but i just ca n't see barcelona 's appeal - it 's like rome 's prati district repeated ad infinitum plus the ramblas are a tacky boulevard full of shady people , druggies and and pickpockets . 
  i honestly ca n't think of a blander city . 
  there was a restaurant below our hotel room so every night we had to try fall asleep to the greasy smell of fried food , and we were also hit in the face by a tree branch while on board of a ho-ho bus . 
  we were rving through austria and germany in 2004 ; had a blast in the latter , would n't return to the former .
