  past the ring-road there 's no civilisation anyway !, 
  oh licio , now that 's some weak-ass trolling !, 
  a shame , truly , for you used to be so much better . 
  it was fun bantering with you ... now enjoy heaven , and teach angels how to p2 . 
  what ... ? 
  do you seriously believe pfizer and amazon get any money out of them northern taxpayers ? 
  or that latium is n't actually among the few regions that gives more money to the state than it actually receives ? 
  you surely do seem detached from reality ; that 's the very kind of baseless crap post-stroke bossi from 2001 would spout . 
  if anything it 's * us * who are subsidising the rest of the country and their extravagant autonomy bullshit . 
  without ever getting anything back , at that , except for more and more taxes . 
  & nbsp ; edit : guess which company did actually get some 200.000 billion lire in state aid for over 30 years ? 
  fiat . 
  as i said before all of this happened between 1928-35 , not the punic wars . 
  most of those settlers - believe it or not - are still there , by all means do visit and check for yourself if you 'd rather not trust a random internet stranger . 
  oh , and some of them ( most elders that is ) still speak their own dialect ... 
  venetian settlers as in `` the guys who actually drained the pontine marshes , were granted the land they managed to reclaim and moved there with their families '' . 
  there 's plenty of emilians/friulans too and this happened in 1934 , not the middle ages . 
  personally , i know quite a few of them - one happens to be my own gp . 
  you obviously have never seen latina and all the big pharma whatchamacallits down there , eh ? 
  not to mention the logistic hubs scattered throughout the region ( orte , pomezia , civitavecchia , etc ) . 
  nope . 
  latium is still * central * italy ... no matter what them fog-breathing pinkos say . 
  reeeeee how dare you lump rome and latium with the south ?!, 
  fyi the lower third of the region is full of venetian settlers ... 
  since when are liguria and emilia-romagna considered part of the centre ? 
  whoever draw this map must suck at geography . 
  also , how can trentino , valle d'aosta and south tyrol be considered productive when all they do is to syphon money from the rest of italy ? 
  and how come latium is n't considered central italy but umbria is , they 're very similar regions ( especially viterbo and its environs ) . 
  no thanks , you can keep ticino ... really , that 's rightful swiss clay and we do n't want anything to do with it . 
  hey , half of it was british too !, 
  and somalia used to be an ok place ( by african standards that is ) before the ussr backed the coup of 1969 . 
  not that i know of , no . 
  :-) but there really are a few catalan speakers left in alghero ... in parts of the city centre , that is . 
  afaik they 're an ungodly mix of short-tempered genoese , pisans and sardinians who happen to speak their own tuscan dialect as well as french ( albeit reluctanctly ) . 
  they also like knives and have a thing for terrorism , or at least that 's their reputation here . 
  `` by the end of the game , rousillon will be french '' . 
  ( also , `` spain is not the emperor '' ) . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's war , and war has no winners ... 
  i agree that we got spanked hard at caporetto but there 's more to it ; namely , the war did n't just end there ( see below ) . 
  no functional army to fight against ... then please , enlighten me . 
  who got their arses handed during the ironically-named `` punitive expedition '' of 1916 ? 
  who lost three consecutive battles on the monte grappa ? 
  2nd piave ? 
  who did so generously provide us with 400k pows at vittorio veneto , therefore triggering the collapse of the empire ? 
  who lost three warships to motorboats ? 
  it was n't us . 
  & nbsp ;  [ ... ] and italians took way too much as they should if we look at the ethnic borders . 
  & nbsp ; i 'd suggest complaining to clemenceau or to whomever else it may concern - always assuming there 's someone alive left . 
  as you can see , none of us has anything to do with it . 
  plus the borders got pretty much `` rectified '' after ww2 , those pesky italians residing in what is now slovenian clay are no longer a nuisance and personally i have no intention of furthering our participation to this round of the genocide olympics ( `` hurr durr the fascists were bad but the accusations are coming from such paragons of virtue ! '', 
  enough ) . 
  history happened . 
  period . 
  now we 're in this all together and * perhaps * it 's high time we get over it . 
  do n't forget that the a-h command also had plans , and lobbied hard , to pre-emptively strike italy in 1908 . 
  this is back to when we were actually still allies ... who 's the backstabber , again ? 
  polling stations are located within public buildings such as schools , town halls , etc. 
  ( but it 's classrooms mostly ) . 
  the city centre 's also a theme park for tourists so no wonder you did n't see anything referendum-related , let alone actual romans ... 
  renzi 's opponents were so weak even hitler would 've won against them . 
  of course he is . 
  but winning a race against a 90-year-old , bed-ridden paraplegic is n't that great of an achievement ... 
  & nbsp ;  [ ... ] not so much domesticly . 
  & nbsp ; * understatement of the century *, 
  afaik they are , the reform will only remove the so-called shared competences . 
  any revision of devolved powers has to be negotiated with the regions first . 
  oh please ... if you think i 'm some turboneocon of the likes of reagan and thatcher then you 're way off the mark . 
  what i was proposing , and i 'm no expert , was simply to ease the burden on smes and to redirect it - at least in part - toward homeowners . 
  i think berlusconi ( now he 's the one worthy of your epithets ! ), 
  did a great disservice to this country by removing the ici for purely electoral gains back in 2006 . 
  guess what was the result ? 
  money had to be found elsewhere , and that somewhere was smes ( the true backbone of this country ) . 
  imho such a proposal , coupled with the reform of the land registry , may bring some actual benefits and might be what we need right now ... hit the brick to make life easier to those who actually create jobs and wealth . 
  homes stay where they are . 
  most jobs , sadly , do n't . 
  and what did renzi do ? 
  made private-sector workers even more easy to fire , slave and replace while not touching civil servants or cutting some slack to enterprises . 
  what about the partite iva ? 
  there 's a reason if no person with a functioning brain would ever dream of opening one if they had the choice . 
  and after the recent , draconian amendments , if you make a small mistake you 're now liable to pay one hell of a fine . 
  oh , and no help whatsoever for young entrepreneurs . 
  we do n't need those anyway . 
  it is my belief that if this administration continues with its current budget policies - namely , emitting even more debts in order to cover for the old ones and willfully ignoring the fact that our only hope to kick-start some actual growth ( that does n't involve cooking the books ) is de-taxation of labour - italy will almost certainly fail regardless of the referendum 's outcome . 
  and the purported savings touted by supporters of the reform wo n't be even nearly enough to prevent this from happening . 
  granted ... italy is too big to actually fail !, 
  but this means that instead of an implosion , we 're going to be put on life support just like greece was . 
  see ya in 2019 . 
  how very surprising . 
  but let 's put it this way : & nbsp ; * `` no '' wins , renzi resigns , and we 're bound to declare bankruptcy in a couple of years . 
  * `` yes '' wins , renzi stays , but we 're bound to declare bankruptcy in a couple of years . 
  & nbsp ; totally different outcomes you see !, 
  now do your duty and vote `` yes '' to save the fatherland from imminent collapse . 
  allright , but there 's two things i do n't agree with : 1 ) still , this is not a change that should be made imho . 
  what 's a school system 's purpose if you ca n't fail students ? 
  and since the high school exam is such a bad joke , was there any need to make an even bigger one out of it ? 
  2 ) you should 've had a closer look at all the shit marino 's own party ( who backstabbed him ? 
  26 councillors from the pd with renzi 's approval ) , with the connivance of * repubblica * / * l'unit\u00e0 * , was throwing at him . 
  and on a daily baisis , at that . 
  you surely have noticed just how slavishily pro-government both tabloids ( now renowned for their factual inaccuracies ) are , right ?
