  time to abolish the vatican ( but not before the next two two jubilees - we need those infrastructures ) . 
  some more context : the casamonicas , like the tredicines , are a gypsy clan operating in and around rome which is notorious for its ties to organised crime ... just the kind of activity its members seem to partake in . 
  the kingpin who just passed away happened to be this very clan 's patriarch and he was known to reside , along with the rest of his extended family , in an obscenely tacky mcmansion located in the city 's outskirts . 
  these people have earned quite a ( negative ) reputation among the city 's inhabitants but they have always been very careful to cover their tracks - the only exceptions being their ostentatious display of wealth and obvious lack of taste . 
  the guy 's `` untimely '' departure may very well mark the beginning of an internal feud . 
  well , the casamonicas * are * a gypsy clan ... 
  i too would be inclined to agree with your third point , but for different reasons . 
  it is difficult to estimate the impact on the battlefield of an offensive that was taking place over a wholly different theatre , especially at at time in which communications were slow and unreliable at best . 
  the afore-mentioned offensive ended a few days later than the battle at vittorio veneto and i 'd argue that the general state of germany ( wideapread hunger , unrest , mutinies ) right before the end of the war may have had a far bigger impact . 
  diaz was french ? 
  since when ? 
  anyhoo , i do not second your thoughts about the whole thing - both v. v. and the battles leading to it should n't be so easily dismissed , not least because : * the morale in the royal army was at an all-time low , and so was the home front ; * the army had lost much of the available manpower and had been pushed well beyond its limits ; * that same army was fighting two enemies at once ( not just the austrians ) ; * the country itself ( and its industrial base ) had over-exerted ; * western pressures , and help , were mainly diplomatical in nature . 
  so no - i think i will rest my case . 
  yeah , but the war was already lost at the very beginning . 
  and it all went down rather quickly tho - the ethiopians had started the hostilities in december of 1895 by attacking the few italian garrisons stationed within the outposts on the border with eritrea ; these had to retreat due to their position being untenable but the pm himself , francesco crispi - who was blissfully unaware of the strategical situation - ordered an attack on the `` inferior '' enemy forces , therefore leaving baratieri with almost no choice but to obey ( and his subordinates did their part by feeding him their very own brand of bs ) . 
  true - adwa triggered crispi 's fall and caused a gigantic open wound that would remained as such until 1936 . 
  but it was by no means the first event of its kind , have a look at what happened in isandlwana a few years prior ... 
  however - we still managed to rally , kick the austrians/germans back and return the favour at vittorio veneto though . 
  coming back from the brink of ruin is no small feat . 
  40,000 ethiopians assisted by foreign military advisors and armed with modern guns ( courtesy of france and russia ) against 18,000 italians - whose commanders saw it fit to split the already esiguous colonial corps in four columns , to attack the enemy at night and in an area they had little knowledge of . 
  not exactly what i 'd call a fair fight ... ... more like our very own version of the little big horn if you ask me !, 
   i watched 1992 and thought it was pretty okay . 
  be honest - it 's because of miriam leone , is n't it ? 
  :-)  montalbano has it 's charms as well , but i think we may have had an argument about that in the past . 
  mmmh , not that i can remember ... perhaps you may be thinking of someone else . 
  minus the ridiculous explosions , of course . 
  * engrenages * is french ... * la piovra * is old as fuck and * gomorrah * has the dubious honour of being one of the very few , half-decent series we 've ever managed to produce . 
  but why would anybody want to watch italian tv in the first place ? 
  unless you happen to be a pre-schooler , or a pensioner with too much free time on your hands , you wo n't enjoy it . 
   so the sky is falling again , huh ? 
  * it 's an omen !, 
  ( stability -1 ) * the end is nigh !, 
  ( stability -1 ) * stop looking at the sky !, 
  ( stability -1 ), 
  in rome ? 
  and in the city centre , at that ?!, 
  no one can afford a flat there unless it 's inherited or you happen to be a politician/cardinal/some rich wanker ... 
  buy you a fuck ? 
  where do you think i live , on the wrong side of the ringroad ?!, 
  ma guarda te ` sti periferici ... 
  you really believe we give a fuck about what northerners think ? 
  anyway , no , it 's not . 
   there 's is a great difference between the south and the north and the centre . 
  i mean - we exist , too . 
   richard lynn houston , we have a problem !, 
  ok , ok , i get it . 
  but they do n't teach us much about it , either , so that makes two of us ; and to be brutally honest , i too would rather * not * keep talking about such a topic for much longer . 
  in case you 're interested , a joint italian-slovenian historical commission has been established by both countries ' governments so as to shed an impartial light on the whole matter . 
  you can read this commission 's papers , as well as the related findings , online . 
   [ ... ] true that towns are heavily impacted from italian architecture but people most certainly do not feel italian . 
  of course they do n't : for the most part their citizens are ethnic slovenes , nowadays !, 
  but you seem to ignore the irrelevant fact that most of these cities ' inhabitants happened to be * italian * before 1947 ; both during and after the war those very same people shockingly had to flee for their lives because it 's not like you guys have ever done some * truly * nasty stuff to the other ethicities , right ? 
  totally not like the fascists you hate so much , and for good reasons . 
   [ ... ] during ww2 and even before that most likely people hate italian influence . 
  they fought back . 
  they did n't want italians on slovenian soil . 
  [ ... ] careful here . 
  while it 's true that the slovenian part of the population did n't want anything to do with italy , the same ca n't be said about the ethnic italians - who not only made up the majority of people in coastal areas and the cities , but had also been living there for centuries . 
  they had ... and still have ... the right to belong there just as much as you do ; so the extent to which that soil might have been ` rightfully ' slovenian is * quite * debatable , at the very least . 
  looks like we 've got a nice bias !, 
  no need to play the victim , either , because your hands are * just as dirty as ours * . 
  well , i stand corrected . 
  so here 's yet another reason to hate the dastardly french ... :-), 
  i already have , but thanks for the suggestion !, 
  for good measure , you should try some of the italian kind as well ... 
   stolen you say ? 
  trst came to italian posetion how and from whom ? 
  1 ) yes . 
  2 ) winning a world war ? 
  4 ) btw where 'd you guys get pirano , or capodistria ? 
  not quite the most slovene of towns ... just like trieste . 
  i agree about the vignette - but all you have to do ( cj ? ), 
  is to take a deep hard look at your croatian neighbours , follow their admittedly futuristic example and set up some toll booths . 
  tourists will certainly appreciate the novelty !, 
  twice ? 
  either i 'm missing something or you still have n't gotten over the shock of losing a world war to us ... 
  sort of , not sure about it . 
  i just could n't be bothered to edit that post again . 
  they certainly did n't look that ugly when i was there . 
  quite the contrary . 
  right ? 
  [ i too am fed up with this world . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhqst2mfljm ), 
  no fuck you too , you know , as a nation . 
  just because whenever i want to go to croatia i have to drive through that tiny , overpriced patch of stolen land inhabitated by a bunch of not-so-closeted racists ... how do you like this ? 
  it 's not something very nice to say , is it ? 
  ( notice the sarcasm !, 
  unless of course you were being dead serious , in which case i 'd like to reiterate the expletives ) . 
  do n't knock it till you try it !, 
  oh wait , you 're british ... edit : why do you guys seem to dislike your women so much ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  british girls . 
  looks like we 're finally on top of some chart . 
  wonderful !, 
  time for a celebration ... * cheeese for eeeveryooone !, 
  * ( btw suck it , france ) . 
  yeah , the religious bit is a later addition - and definitely * not * the focus of the holiday , which is `` going the beach '' . 
  indeed ... it is ours . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7edeoeuxdmu ), 
  sure thing , mate .
