  if we want to be serious about the val d'aosta then we should acknowledge the fact that it 's been part of savoy ( then sardinia , then italy ... ) for a good millennium now ; plus the inhabitants themselves were so thrilled at the prospect of becoming french in 1945 that the local partisans chose to ally with the fascist militia and fight you guys off instead . 
  now * that * says something !, 
  pretty much . 
  neither are butthurt austrians . 
  deal with it . 
  & nbsp ;  but if italy did n't ratify it , it would n't be enforced would it ? 
  & nbsp ; afaik no , both nations need to ratify the treaty for it to be binding . 
  & nbsp ;  do you have a map showing the exact border lines ? 
  & nbsp ; [ this ] ( http://www.nextquotidiano.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mare-sardegna-accordo-italia-francia.jpg ) one should do the trick . 
  & nbsp ;  it sounds kinda funny indeed , i bet that minister is fired , and is now so rich he does n't need a new job ? 
  & nbsp ; that 's the italian government we 're talking about ... ... you can bet your life savings he 's still there playing solitaire and watching korean porn at his desk !, 
  long story short : the boundaries marking the territorial waters between corsica and tuscany/liguria are regulated by a convention dating back to 1892 , when steam locomotives were still a thing and exposed ankles considered an indecent sight . 
  now ... our politicos decided to bring the whole thing up to date because they had no better things to do other than wanking on their fat pay cheques all day long . 
  however , years and years and years ( and years ! ), 
  passed by without a satisfying agreement being reached ; until early 2015 that is , when one of our beloved ministers - probably looking for fame and fortune - flew to nice and signed a random scrap of paper without even reading it . 
  the french parliament proceeded to ratify the treaty but the italian one did not because somebody , in the meanwhile , had found out that 1 ) the minister in question did n't tell anybody else ; 2 ) the regions involved had n't been consulted and are understandably livid ; 3 ) local fishermen get fucked right in the arse because most of the fishing areas now sit on the other side of the border and 3 ) the treaty itself is grossly skewed in france 's favour . 
  and despite it not being in force yet , italian vessels have recently been fined & detained by an overzealous unit of the french coast guard . 
  hilarity ensues !, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  this side of the border we just call it monte bianco , m ` kay ? 
  this , and all the brouhaha surrounding the now-disputed territorial waters in the tyrrhenian ; we 'll have to see how that farce goes . 
  monte bianco has been a non-issue since at least 1860 tho , i do n't think they 're in a hurry to fix it !, 
  sorry , we just ca n't ; it 's in our blood !, 
  reminds me of that politician who had his roman penthouse renovated `` without his knowledge '' . 
  of course tirana is n't dangerous anymore , liam neeson is still around !, 
  finally a chart which we are n't at the very bottom of !, 
  wait a sec ... * shiiit * ***** edit : i find it hard to believe rome being more dangerous than tirana or sarajevo !, 
  map is utter bs . 
  * ahem . 
  * you might be surprised to learn that the guy in question is ** not ** actually the heir to the italian throne - and neither is his father who , surprise surprise , was disinherited by the late king himself in 1970 following an unauthorised marriage * and * quite a few attempts to usurp his very own titles/prerogatives/whatever . 
  the guy you 're looking for is [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_amedeo,_duke_of_aosta_%28b._1943%29 ) . 
  & nbsp ;  are we talking more police state style stuff ( spying , arrests , executions ) or more `` riding in with the troops and beating down uprisings '' . 
  btw i always wondered , when there were troops anywhere to oppress , which parts/countries within in the empire were they from ? 
  & nbsp ; afaik the citizens of lombardy-venetia truly ` enjoyed ' one of the most repressive censorship regimes in europe as well as a heavy , more-or-less secret police presence which got even more stiffling after the uprisings of 1848 and the first war of independence . 
  the grand-duchy of tuscany was , on the other hand , fairly peaceful and advanced for its time ( being a separate entity from the empire ruled by none other than leopold i probably helped a lot ) . 
  as far as the composition of the austrian troops is concerned i 'm afraid i 'm not the best person to ask to ... & nbsp ;  like in language , taxes , getting high positions ? 
  that kind of thing ? 
  & nbsp ; yes , that 's correct . 
  & nbsp ;  i always wondered , since they always say the north part of italy is rich and the south part is less so =  did the habsburgs build any infrastructure there ? 
  or was is more like this area was rich before , so the habsburgs grabbed it and did n't care about the poor parts ? 
  did they make genuine attempts for the south but were beaten back ? 
  & nbsp ; despite all their failings the austrians did , in fact , help modernise the infrastructure in tuscany and lombardy-venetia . 
  but keep in mind that by the 17th century the duchy of milan - despite the best efforts of its spanish overlords - was already considerably richer than the kingdoms of naples and sicily , which had the misfortune of having been under the same influence for a century too many ; indeed the general socioeconomical malaise of the modern south can trace its roots back to the unbelievably obtuse , corrupt and rapacious spanish domination . 
  from which it never recovered . 
  austria did n't have any real interests there , except for a very brief period in the 18th century during which they somehow ended up in possession of both sicily ( which they soon exchanged for another holding ) and naples . 
  kind of both ... lombardy-venetia was seen as the empire 's own cash-cow , and squeezed accordingly . 
  but what really rustled italian jimmies at the time was the very fact that the hapsburgs controlled a good chunk of the peninsula , which they attempted to rule with an iron fist ; that , and the poor treatment of italians within the empire . 
  btw i 'm sure that having to fight three wars of independence as well as a world war against them did n't help , either !, 
  over here the hapsburgs were popularly regarded sort of like the spawn of the devil - save , perhaps , for tuscany . 
  ( you know ... long-time enemies and oppressors and shit !, 
  over here the period in q. is known as * epoca umbertina * ( from umberto i , king of italy between 1878 and 1900 ) . 
  but the phrase 's also used to refer to the most representative style of italian architecture at the time !, 
  and get some oil as well . 
  do n't forget the oil !, 
  milan is not dangerous , and st. peter 's is located in vatican city - another country a few hundred kilometres away !, 
  even then they only consider the city unsafe because terrorists * might * , one day , choose to target it . 
  let 's be honest though - who needs recruiting ads when every year the government 's public competitions see legions of hopefuls ( mainly from the south ) fighting for a handful of vacancies within the army/navy/air force ? 
  for many of us that 's the only chance to ever land a proper job with a contract , timely pay cheques , contributions , and whatnot . 
  it 's either that or unemployment !, 
  or some cash-in-hand minijob if you 're really , * really * lucky . 
  edit : in 2014 there were 3000 candidates ( including myself ) for 167 positions ... 
  i 've seen some crazy shit !, 
  so , just like in italy !, 
  except that our government recently introduced pre-filled forms but those are inaccurate , too . 
  ah , to be part of that 60 % again !, 
  just give our president an apron et voila !, 
  he looks like my grandma . 
  truth to be told what most italians drink is beer ... wine is for old people , special occasions or hobos . 
  that 's more of a milanese/northern thing anyway , at least in my experience . 
  e-residents do n't die ; they get overwritten . 
  i do n't know . 
  malta has been thoroughly british-ised throughout the centuries ... do n't forget that they 've also banned the italian language in 1934 and that we bombed the shit out of them a few years later . 
  no bro - it 's complicated . 
  spain is both quite different from us and something of a rival ( just like france ) . 
  besides , italy has been their playground for too long and on top of it all they 've turned the south into the mess it still is !, 
  my answer is no . 
  you mean vatican city ? 
  99 % of italians hate it . 
  those who do n't actually work there and enjoy their fat , vat-free pay cheques . 
  is more of a tax haven few people ( read : dodgers and sword weeaboos ) care about . 
  not really . 
  just like amazon , apple , steam ... 
  actually , a good chunk of italy does n't have that stereotypical ` mediterranean ' climate to begin with ... ... even calabria and sicily get their fair share of snow . 
  neither was i ; perhaps something went lost in translation . 
  you sure the guy was n't trying to mess with you ? 
  because that sounds exactly like the kind of baloney a taxi driver ( and i 'm one ) would tell to foreigners . 
  rome getting lumped with the south ? 
  no way !, 
  yet another stupid article about italy . 
  good thing we 're used to them . 
  you forgot the part in which our ` friends ' were * totally * not planning a pre-emptive strike on italy back in 1908 ... 
  such wonderful allies , indeed . 
  the colouring 's quite counter-intuitive though , it makes sicily look like it 's switzerland or something !, 
  excuse me ? 
  no , never seen them . 
  afaik they 're only known to operate in certain parts of the south and are not something an ordinary citizen would stumble upon while casually walking the dog ... these guys are secretive and do n't want to be noticed , obviously . 
  yay !, 
  i 've become a statistic !, 
  hell no , could you imagine being ruled by the ticinese ? 
  i 'd rather welcome the terrorists instead .
