  there are n't that many people from ww2 left , and the last veteran from ww1 died years ago . 
  personally , i would 've rather preferred to live in the kind of future where star trek-levels of healthcare are freely available to everybody and most ailments can be simply fixed by an holographic doctor ... instead i have to deal with a bunch of idiots whose idea of medicine is a weird mix of 21st-century technobabble and ancient greek mumbo-jumbo . 
  i would also like my very personal holo-deck , a jet-pack or at the very least an a hoverboard ( and i mean the real deal from * back to the future * , not that kind of even sillier segway-without-a-handle they like to sport nowadays ) . 
  admittedly , i only know about the battle because agincourt was in the demo of * medieval 2 : total war * . 
  czechoslovenia ftw, 
  it is . 
  not something grandpa wanted to talk about , and my dad was still a kid when they had to `` move '' so he luckily does n't have much recollection of the period . 
  at one point we were even going to receive compensation after the libyan-italian friendship treaty of what , 2009 ? 
  but then the whole arab spring thing happened . 
  not a muslim . 
  for the records - i 'm italian and so is my family !, 
  grandpa immigrated to libya ( as a settler ) in the 1930s , set up family and had my dad there . 
  then gheddafi rose to power in 1969 , requisitioned the properties of libyan italians ( homes , bank accounts , social security payments , etc. ), 
  and expelled them in 1970 . 
  you would n't want to live here , though . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but rome 's a decrepit , congested shithole with a terrible cilmate and even worse opportunities - plus the rest of the city is nothing like its historical centre . 
  fiat is n't that bad , actually , puntos are rock-solid . 
  if it 's shitty brands you want then breda was ( surprise , it 's now defunct ! ), 
  what you 're looking for ... 
  that 's racist !, 
  you should call it monte-african-american . 
  plenty of jews in rome ... 
  i do n't really have an opinion about them . 
  they 've been here for almost two millennia at this point . 
  my other cousin opened a shop near the ghetto , met a girl there , converted to judaism and married her . 
  both sides seem to be pretty okay with that but i think it helped that both our families come from libya . 
  yes , politicians . 
  `` sometimes '', 
  to be fair , no - or at least not in the same way . 
  while those ancient coas are , indeed , * ancient * they also have a timeless quality to them which arises from their very own historical significance ( which in our case is unification ) . 
  a more modern layout would do the trick but to me that would still be kind of an artificial-looking thing . 
  said thing may soon become dated ... especially if , like the coas of former soviet-bloc states , the ideology behind it suddenly crumbles and gets lost to the sands of history . 
  in short , it represent a political instance of zeerust . 
  personally , i think our current emblem looks dated - and vaguely soviet at that !, 
  our former coa ( minus the fasces ) was much better indeed ... 
  true , but at least we do n't use them anymore !, 
  lol no !, 
  ( roman here , we belong to the superior water race ) . 
  bingo halls are very popular in italy and the place ( usually former cinemas ) where retirees go to burn their pensions at an alarming rate , tricked by the promises of free food and dedicated smoking areas . 
  my granma is 93 and more than willing to negotiate three flights of stairs , a bus ride and a 15-minute walk just for dat adrenaline rush ; she knows every hall in rome and is on friendly terms with the staff , last time i accompanied her she had a very public talk with the manager and tried to get me hired . 
  embarrassing !, 
  btw we 've a couple of casinos up north ( san remo , campione d'italia ) but they 're pretty shit . 
  lotto and football bets are also other popular taxes on stupidity . 
  our benefits are low ; you have to be literally on the brink of starvation in order to qualify ; and as far as unemployment is concerned , you 're only eligible if you have been working for at least two years with a regular contract ( good luck getting one these days ) . 
  even then , the payments last six months ... two years at the very best . 
  if you are a sixty-year-old woman who worked in the same place for two decades straight that is ( hi mum !, 
  definitely not a building in rome - they all have flat roofs over here . 
  not least because rome is a fairly compact city despite the sprawl ; as soon as you leave the ring-road ( and most times even before that ) there 's nothing . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  a flat , desolate prairie for kilometres and kilometres . 
  by the way . 
  ciampino 's a town ( theoretically ) but now has become another district of rome and a shit one at that ; ostia too is an actual neighbourhood so the closest `` real '' town/human settlement ( fiumicino ) is some 20 km away from the city . 
  and they would like you to know that they 're not romans or else they would n't have seceded in 1992 . 
  we do n't really have what you would call a hinterland ... you either live in rome or you do n't . 
  period . 
  oh , but the dynamic mission system in eu2 did n't take such trifles into consideration . 
  same thing here . 
  yes , i 've seen a ticket checker on a bus ... once !, 
  but local police is another kind of cryptid , you never see them doing their job ; phone calls , traffic accidents , domestic disturbances . 
  nothing . 
  they wo n't appear . 
  but when you get home late at night and have to leave your car on the curb - bam !, 
  there 's a fine waiting for you the next morning . 
  who left it ? 
  what kind of malicious entity is messing with the lives of two million romans ? 
  and why ? 
  another peculiar creature specific to rome is the mythical loud moped . 
  imagine : it 's a hot , sticky midsummer night and you had to leave your bedroom window open . 
  you 're lying on your bed and are just about to fall asleep when suddenly ... you hear some asshole on a scooter with a ridiculously loud silencer zipping away in the night . 
  your sleep is ruined . 
  no one 's ever seen or caught him ; ambushes , snipers , helicopters , checkpoints . 
  they 're all useless !, 
  the dark knight defies us . 
  yes , our current missions are `` enter a personal union with wuerttemberg '' and `` royal marriage with the papal states '' . 
  sambuca and garlic worked wonders for the cavities in my wisdom teeth . 
  at least until i got to see a dentist ... 
  those were just a few examples ( i did n't even include south tyrol ) . 
  as far as the south it 's concerned , yeah , but nowadays it 's underpopulated and the countryside even more so . 
  southern latium ( the area around latina/pomezia/aprilia that is ) happens to be choke-full of right-wing rednecks . 
  which is unsurprising , since the marshes were drained by mussolini and the families settled by the regime ... but rural veneto and the ~ ~ godforsaken ~ ~ mountainous part of abruzzo along the ss80 could very well give them a run for their money . 
  and yes , these guys like their guns too . 
  that 's what they use to shoot them mushroom-stealing whores . 
  many of them boast huge fuck-off mansions and oversized suvs , they also root for lazio ... 
  afaik the variety of tuscan used in writing underwent quite a handful of changes , especially in the 16th century , when the debate about which version was the most `` proper '' and could be used was still raging . 
  then manzoni standardised it for his novel and that 's more or less the version taught today . 
  in the end the modern language turned out quite different from the original florentine . 
  and vowel-wise the clearest pronunciation is the roman one !, 
  we make a mess of it in other departments , granted , but our vowels are clearly superior ... the variety dubbers and tv/radio broadcasters use has elements from both dialects so it actually ended up resembling neither . 
  it was ; state-owned industries were privatised , dismantled or sold for peanuts in 1992 . 
  the rest of them followed suit as they could n't keep up with the competition ... 
  yes , but not quite . 
  he was so influential other writers started writing in that dialect too , then a debate ensued in the 1400s/1500s on whether to purify and `` latinate '' the language further or keep it close to the one spoken in florence . 
  the former side won and that 's how italian became the language of intellectuals . 
  the attitude here is incredibly retarded . 
  thanks to the illiterate old farts who are a big part of our electorate and the idiot politicians pandering to them , marijuana is seen as the gateway drug to all vices . 
  all you have to do is to take a puff and bam !, 
  you end up doing meth while jacking off your toothless friendos in a public park at night . 
  & nbsp ;  is commonly smoked by people in large groups or do people use it privately ? 
  & nbsp ; both ? 
  i do n't have many friends who smoke ... my ex best friend was terribly uptight about it and so i used to do that alone , until i met my canadian friend .
