  & nbsp ;  ( do n't tell the americans we were actually on the fascist side . 
  thank god , they are so stupid and ignorant of history . ), 
  & nbsp ; so , just like you !, 
  ah , so your relatives all said we were incompetent cowards . 
  interesting . 
  do you know if they were saying that same thing while they were getting their arses kicked at kasserine ? 
  generally the winning side is n't the one that has to pay war reparations , so no . 
  berlusconi may not even have had a chance had the left wing parties abstained from traditional past-times such as infighting or post-electoral self-destruction . 
  as for grillo , he 's a populist who preys on a certain section of the electorate ( namely , the one with an iq in the single digits ) . 
  this is not just an italian problem . 
  it 's a pan-european one . 
  populists prosper in the absence of opposition . 
  i agree with the first part of your post , but what does this have to do with our voting history ? 
  that 's a very bold assumption you 're making right there . 
  dude !, 
  we did not win the war ( just how the hell did you come to that conclusion ... ? ), 
  nor did we end on the winning side . 
  we lost and paid dearly for it , even though the very fascist apparatus that got us into the war in the first place was allowed to get away with their crimes . 
  so please , * please * do not claim otherwise : to do so is a really shitty way to fuel misconceptions around an already controversial part of our history and you 'd be doing no service to those who died and suffered because of it anyway . 
  this is definitely not how you deal with our country 's history . 
  go tell that to the thousands italians who had to flee istria . 
  well , doug , if you 're half the five-star general you pretend to be then you surely know who allowed the fascist cadres to remain in their place and italian war crimes to be swept under the carpet ( hint : it happened with the allies ' blessing ) . 
  indeed , italy got off relatively easy - compared to germany that is - because * it was allowed to * . 
  no de-fascistification , no nothing : as long as the country does n't fall to the communists !, 
  cold war logic at its finest . 
  we 're already doing that ; but admittedly , we still have a long way to go . 
  i suggest you guys follow your own advice and do the same . 
  our government has already apologised and paid reparations to yugoslavia , then again to slovenia . 
  and in case you did n't know , there 's even a mixed italian-slovenian commission tasked with establishing the truth about the historical facts ( and crimes ... ) which took place between 1923-47 . 
  what else could you possibly want us to do ? 
  pardon me but if maths are n't an opinion , 1882/1890/1912 / 1936 all come before 1945 . 
  or at least that 's my understanding of the space-time continuum we live in ... 
  it should also be noted that the western allies did their part in helping us covering up our own war crimes . 
  * austria 's located in the far north , beyond the mountains . 
  * both adolf hitler and weird basement guy were born there . 
  * they really like their titles , do n't they ? 
  and i thought we loved formalities . 
  * somehow we keep getting those * sissi * films every single christmas ... * you know you 're old when you can remember falco and opus !, 
  * mozart : it 's complicated . 
  at least his balls are austrian . 
  * * kommissar rex * is love , * kommissar rex * is life . 
  * they 're not germans . 
  like , for real . 
  yum . 
  * i ca n't hate you enough for the christmas markets , my girlfriend has recently discovered them and if it were for her we 'd still be touring those non-stop . 
  send help . 
  or at least make them uninviting enough . 
  pretty please . 
  * whenever i play as the polish-lithuanian commonwealth in * empire : total war * and i choose to give you guys alliance + trade treaty you always end up betraying me because you want poor little saxony . 
  that 's not cool . 
  * interestingly they had austrofascism !, 
  dollfuss and mussolini used to be buddies . 
  * big , big , * big * baddies during the wars of independence and ww1 . 
  * nope , no , we 're not giving back south tyrol . 
  * not a fan of the habsburgs either . 
  problem is , we pretty much do n't . 
  we 're aware of our past history and in case you did n't know , italian war criminals ( and the crimes they committed ) were purposefully covered up with the help of those very same british and american allies who did n't want italy to turn into a communist puppet state . 
  you can thank cold war logic for that . 
  brazil actually sent an expeditionary force which saw fighting in italy . 
  please define `` allies '' . 
  last time i checked , actual allies do n't push for backstabbing what is - at least formally - another ally ( 1908 ) nor do they mistreat their own citizens who happen to belong to said ally 's ethnic group . 
  and above all , they do n't pretend treaty terms do not apply to them , so yes ... we had the sense to ditch them and were damn right in doing so . 
  it 's not like austria-hungary did its damnedest best to pretend that the provisions of a treaty they themselves had signed did n't actually apply to them ( bosnian crisis , anyone ? ), 
  and actively sought to backstab its own ally in 1908 by means of a pre-emptive strike . 
  all while cheerfully mistreating the italian populations within the empire , at that . 
  but yeah ... the central powers were such paragons of virtue . 
  i wonder why italy ended up joining the entente ? 
  the place lies at the foot of one of the city 's most well-off districts - the aventino - which , as the name implies , is located on top of the aventine hill . 
  both the circus maximus and the fao headquarters are located nearby , so that 's definitely what you could call a very central and prestigious part of rome . 
  not at all in the boonies !, 
  quite the opposite . 
  interestingly enough , we 've got [ that very same statue ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/57212167.jpg ) in rome !, 
  the monument in question also happens to be located in piazza albania . 
  makes sense ... 
  such as ... ? 
  what did we ever do to you , if i may ask ? 
  you just get used to them . 
  as a tourist , you may have a bias of sorts because you were probably staying in the city centre , the place in which most vehicles have to pass through anyway ; neighbourhoods are actually quiet . 
  we read his * diary of a seducer * in high school . 
  it was so much more interesting than the dry ramblings of schelling , fichte and ( ugh ) kant ... 
  i 'm thinking of aliens . 
  ancient aliens . 
  let us happily partake in random acts of racial debauchery all together !, 
  someone should also organise a multiculti , pan-sexual orgy in linz every twentieth of april and pair it with a contemporary art exhibition . 
  i 'm sure lil ' stache and his fanatical bunch of groupies would appreciate . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  but how did the belarusian language become so neglected ? 
  a single division only requires a few ic points - as long as there 's enough raw materials there should be no problems . 
  but the guys at paradox should probably nerf britain a bit !, 
  & nbsp ;  [ ... ] since then a lot of schools no longer find it useful to teach belarussian & nbsp ; i am no expert , but would n't that make just as little sense as an italian school without italian ? 
  and what does lukashenka think about the whole issue ? 
  judging by the median age of our politicians , ours is an ancient civilisation indeed . 
  dude , think again - if molise does n't exist , how can there be any croats ( or italians ) in it ? 
  it 's so obvious ... our gub ` mint is using crisis actors under the influence of the illuminati to simulate people from molise , which is actually a wasteland they 're using as a safe haven for lizard people to conduct their experiments . 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  wow , a fellow monarchist in the wild !, 
  and a french one at that . 
  i ca n't believe my eyes . 
  so ... legitimist or orl\u00e9anist ? 
  a bonapartist , perhaps ?
