  however , the old rhetoric still is n't dead . 
  afaik the aswer is no - sardinia used to have rather active independence movements in the past but that island too has been autonomous for quite a looong time now ( since 1948 ) . 
  a few of them still like to complain about `` dem continentals '' and their gov ' t from time to time but that 's pretty much it , not least because : 1 ) sardinia relies on the mainland for an awful lot of things ( such as fuel and electricity ) ; 2 ) a good chunk of the local economy depends on the flow of goods and tourists from the boot ; 3 ) that very same mainland is where young sardinians have to 'em igrate ' for either work or study ; 4 ) the ranks and file of both the army and the * carabinieri * are actually full of sardinians , and 5 ) the local politicians are no better than their colleagues in rome !, 
  indeed , both sicily and sardinia are poorly governed by the local autorities and infrastructure-wise they still are n't quite like the rest of the country , despite the ample powers and resources both administrations enjoy . 
  their example actually gives plenty of ammo to all those who oppose further acts of devolution !, 
  btw i do n't know what the situation is like in spain but as far as italy is concerned , in the last 60 years there 's been a strong tendency towards linguistic and cultural homogenisation ; dialects are either disappearing or looked down upon . 
  people have also been moving from a region to another and freely mixing with each other therefre we 've reached a point in which talking about independence on either cultural or historical grounds does n't make much sense - save for exceptions such as the two bigger islands - so while we 're no france , we 've been long moving in that direction !, 
  i would be inclined to believe that they wo n't actually proceed in that sense . 
  let 's keep in mind that this is after all a local election in which the winning parties are such because of a minority ; therefore , as far as independence itself is concerned , there 's not much in the way of legitimacy right now - not least because what mas plans to do is by no means legal ( yet ) . 
  and when confronted with the hardships an unilateral declaration would likely entail , either the whole alliance breaks or the guy steps down ... if he has n't already . 
  when it will happen - because , let 's be honest , it eventually * will * - there 'll be snap elections , new local and national governments ( rajoy 's surely not going to last for long ) , a middle ground will be reached and catalonia will get a revised statute ... perhaps not unlike that of navarre . 
  keep in mind that people have lives besides politics and politicians are people too ; regardless of their beliefs , both need stability in their existences and many - least of all the politicos - would n't probably risk the relative comfort of their lives for what is basically a scary leap in the dark . 
  they also ca n't go on and tell the rest of the world ( or at the very least the bits that count the most ) to fuck off . 
  even if they do n't get independence , the catalans will have brought the spanish state to its knees !, 
  ** tl ; dr ** mas wil lose his face , an interna ( tiona ) l catastrophe will be avoided , the catalans get to keep their jobs , rajoy too will fall and catalonia gets a new statute thanks to intl. 
  pressure and an agreement of sorts . 
  everbody wins . 
  you can have it , as far as i 'm concerned !, 
  in all fairness the movement ( s ) in the veneto are simply laughable , or borderline pathetic , and can * in no way * be compared to their catalan equivalent ( s ) . 
  as for south tyrol the region 's actually far better off with us - because autonomy , a whole shit-loads of public subsidies and jobs - than it would be once independent or part of austria . 
  they like to bitch , true , but they like money too !, 
  as an italian myself , i feel i can not judge what is best for the spanish people . 
  however , i ca n't help but feel * slightly * concerned about the impact an eventual declaration of independence would have on neighbouring states and the eu alike ; the repercussions of such a decision can not in all honesty be underestimated ... and while i do n't think my country will be significantly affected by the whole ordeal , if i were a belgian politician i 'd be already shitting bricks . 
  ( sorry for the repost btw ) . 
  oooh yeah ... save scumming , the way of the wise !, 
  :-p rajoy seems to have neglected saving at regular intervals , though - he had it coming . 
   i feel that people from smaller countries in europe want the others cut down to size ... ugh , that cb gave me a headache too many in victoria 2 . 
  drop your panties sir william , i ca n't wait 'til lunchtime !, 
  well , it 's easy to figure in the top 20 when you can legally squeeze the last cent out of your students ... 
  surprise , none of them is italy !, 
  or even any other place in southern europe , for that matter . 
  well , i suppose that it 'd be possible with the help of old plans and photos - always assuming there are enough , or even any of them , left . 
  faithfulness is important . 
  otherwise you end up building crap like that skopje 2014 project . 
  i just hope they * might * one day , allocate enough resources to do it ... 
  so what ? 
  it 's a private visit , and the old fart 's hardly worth a chuckle anymore ... 
  bucharest certainly has the potential of becoming what you 'd call a `` destination '' and deserves better than its current state . 
  if only the commies did n't blow up the city 's own centre and the government did something to protect its heritage ... it 's heart-breaking to see old buildings that have survived two world wars and 50 years of socialism ( and i mean the * real * thing , not the laughable boogyman americans like to fear ) fall in the name of real estate . 
  all i can say is : do n't repeat our very own mistakes !, 
  i hope the eu will someday greenlight a plan to rebuild bucharest 's centre as it appeared between the wars ... something along the lines of what they did in warsaw . 
  i , for one , would visit the shit out of it . 
  they went to rome and asked the only guy who does n't swear like a roman ?!, 
  the same dude 's probably some phony from naples , judging by the accent ... :-( edit : on the other hand , i would n't mind having a `` heated argument '' with that german chick . 
  definitely !, 
  feel free to pm me if you 've got any questions . 
  eh , uhm , not quite ... the campus ' fairly modern ( 1935 ) and the uni 's got some 120.000 students . 
  this may or may not have something to do with it . 
  but generally speaking italian universities work a bit like the schools you 've previously attended in that you get in , learn something and then get out at the end of the day - no dorms , no frats , little sports , few activities ; you do n't live your life there and actually care little about the place you 're in ... getting the proverbial ` piece of paper ' is enough . 
  university 's a pretty dull affair over here !, 
  no , as far as i could see nobody ever sang anything - let alone in latin - while i was at the uni ( la sapienza ) . 
  yup , it 's * that * one . 
  yeah , but the anthem requires a proper arrangement and orchestral accompaniment just to sound decent at the very least !, 
  most of the times it does n't get played properly and the resulting melody is plainly atrocious ... 
  i do n't like it . 
  eh , no thanks . 
  it 's got a tacky , overly long and flowery text full of obscure references which is set to what seems to be a tune straight out of some cheap carousel . 
  most people only know the first and last two lines , and even then ... tbh i prefer the old one , at least footballers would n't have to pretend to sing !, 
  economic left/right : -7 social libertarian/authoritarian : 0.67, 
  we actually sent warplanes ... the pilots flew quite a few sorties . 
  but , we did not start the war . 
  berlusconi for once did a sensible thing by not letting the french and brits to play undisturbed in what had been , until then , a client of ours . 
  france and the uk saw it fit to seek new openings for their oil companies at the expense of gheddafi and , indirectly , italy . 
  a very desirable , unconfessed `` collateral '' goal was to end eni 's virtual monopoly on libyan oil ... 
  so the government had no choice but to acknowledge that 1 ) such an intervention was definitely going to be against its interests 2 ) gheddafi was no longer defendable and 3 ) that the preservation of our influence within the country required our participation into the conflict , and on the `` winning '' side . 
  realpolitik at its finest . 
  woah , really ? 
  what a coincidence ... ... our very own [ palace of justice ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/roma_2011_08_07_palazzo_di_giustizia.jpg ) too has had this kind of problems , having been under restoration for almost 30 years straight ( all the way from 1969 to around 2000 ) . 
  in this case the place was literally sinking and * disintegrating * , to the point that it 'd have been far more cheaper to pull the whole shebang down and relocate the court somewhere else !, 
  did you say ... 
  ah yes , the ` referendum ' . 
  which was actually an internet poll , with many votes coming from abroad ... 
   sistine chapel , italy [ ... ] within the apostolic palace in rome . 
  just no . 
  also - both latium and abruzzo are just as good as tuscany , and with none of the tourists !, 
  how cute . 
  they probably forgot to take a look at rome 's * lungoteveri * on a monday evening ... ... when they turn from boulevards to friggin ' parking lots , and you 'll need an hour just to make a couple of kilometres . 
  because , after all , looking good is * not * that important here - no matter what you might 've read . 
  and people generally care far less about the looks of their bike than those of their cars ... the former being regarded as something you 'd ride purely for leisure and therefore a ` lesser ' way of transportation . 
  but hey , not even cars are that well-maintained . 
  they did n't . 
  the pilot also failed to detail a proper flight plan , that 's why he was suspended and his licence revoked ... 
  this happens mainly on the * via cristoforo colombo * - the road connecting the city proper to the sea ( via the eur ) . 
  i 've witnessed enough of that shit myself ... happy fucktards eagerly waiting for death while pedalling two abreast on [ this particular segment ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@41.8379565,12.4728806,3a,75y,201.41h,89.82t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s2vmmfui56etuetwwi3vgsg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) of the road , which happens to be already dangerous enough as it is . 
  like so many other things , in italy the cycling culture changes depending on where you are . 
  in some cities and towns of the north - thinking of emilia here - people seem to use bikes for their everyday needs . 
  and it 's safe to do so . 
  otoh cyclists in rome are bunch of maniacs with a penchant for getting themselves into harm 's way ... by occupying an entire lane on whatever street they happen to be riding through atm ( sometimes that 's the friggin ' freeway ! ), 
  and pedalling at a pleasurable speed , while the oncoming cars have to either slow down to a ridiculous speed or overtake those egotistical arseholes . 
  the popular consensus here is that most people would rather run them over !, 
  city hall introduced a bike-sharing scheme a few years ago but it ended up as an abject failure . 
  mainly because : * the weather here ( we only got two seasons - either a blistering hot , almost-windless summer or an exceedingly windy , rainy , humid winter that would make a siberian feel at home ) is not particularly conducive to biking ; * rome is not exactly a bike-friendly city ( plenty of traffic , uneven surfaces , elevations , lack of space , and the like ) ; * most romans have to use their cars very often and have come to harbour a visceral hate for cyclists ; * most romans have little reason to visit the centre , let alone bring a bike and ride one down there ; * the scheme itself was one of the many things our previous mayor managed to mismanage . 
  btw - tourists that dare get out of the city parks on board of those rick-shaws should be deported asap . 
  not yet , not yet ... 
  er , no , we very much do n't ? 
  find me a single roman who likes the casamonicas , bunch of thugs they are !, 
  and as you can very well see for yourself , the whole `` tribe '' - whose members can be easily distinguished by their absolute lack of taste , just look at their clothing - was present at the service . 
  i bet the police wasted no time in taking diligently note of the attendees and their likely positions within the clan ... 
  does that surprise you in the least , though ? 
  we 're talking about the same people who allowed de pedis to be buried in a friggin ' basilica , for pete 's sake !,
