  there 's nothing to worry about . 
  now the two bridges on the tiber - that 's another story altogether !, 
  taxi fares are regulated by the city council which , in turn , has to follow specific guidelines set by the ministry of transport which take into account costs like fuel , maintenance , etc. 
  but there 's also a plethora of other , very real expenditures involved so that 's it . 
  it 's not just the cassock-chasin ' popeboys in the ncd but also the crypto-fascist hypocrites at fdi and fi ; after all we 're talking about imbeciles of the calibre of alfano , fini , gasparri , giovanardi and berlusconi ... they can probably boast a combined iq of 62 . 
  & nbsp ; i know , right ? 
  the pic 's so damn funny i keep switching them !, 
  you sure about that ? 
  i mean , we never had wine during meals ... ... the only exception being big family gatherings , and even then . 
  somehow i 've always thought of wine as something only old people drank ? 
  pretty sure 90 % of young italians ( and anybody under 50 ) drinks beer instead . 
  ansa reports two injured but no casualties yet . 
  it 's * empire : total war * . 
  21:20 - another quake right now !, 
  hoooly crap , that was strong . 
  fairly long one at that , paint 's coming off the bedroom 's ceiling ... 
  \\ + 30 bargaining, 
  `` just outside of rome '' is a bit misleading - the epicentre was in the apennines . 
  we still felt it , though , and quite so at that but thankfully we 're all ok here . 
  let 's hope those in the provinces affected can say the same too ... 
  how dare you !, 
  polan stronk , i 've curb-stomped prusskies and aussies with little more than pikemen and militia . 
  at the same time . 
  twice . 
  while ` fighting ' the ottomans . 
  got ta wait ten turns before getting dat sweet fire by rank . 
  do n't you know ? 
  if you refuse to work unpaid overtime , then complain that your pay is shit and that your employer is n't respecting the very contract he himself signed , it means that you 're an ungrateful , lazy bastard with ridiculous demands . 
  at least that 's what my former boss told me ... the kicker ? 
  they were n't even making social security payments !, 
  no wonder the arseholes had to replace three people in six months ; bet the new guy has already bailed ... 
  you do realise that pirano - like most of coastal istria - had been venetian for centuries , right ? 
  and that the town itself ( as well as portorose , capodistria ... ) had an italian majority until 1947 ? 
  thanks for the kind words , but do n't you think you 're the one guilty of that `` most disgusting kind of revisionism '' you 're accusing me of ? 
  i mean , smacked to the end at caporetto ? 
  sure , but the aussies fared no better and you seem to willfully ignore the ironically-named `` punitive expedition '' of 1916 as well as the battles that took place * after * the defeat but before vittorio veneto ( pozzuolo ; 2nd piave ; 1st , 2nd and 3rd monte grappa ) as if these do n't real . 
  they do n't support the narrative , no need to mention them . 
  oh , and that part about 16 year-olds ? 
  turns out it 's legit , actually ... check the draft records for 1917 . 
  according to your standards we should also assume that the french ( looking at your flair here ) did n't exactly win the war , either , seeing just how 1 ) pointless most assaults were ; 2 ) static the frontlines stayed for most of the war and 3 ) germans were still kicking anglo-french arses during operation michael . 
  then , ww1 was won thanks to the royal navy 's blockade - not because of anything the french did . 
  nice try . 
  in all fairness , how 'd you feel after losing your fleet to motorboats ; a whole string of battles to 16-year old italians ; most of your army , with 400k pows captured at vittorio veneto ; and then the very same world war you started ? 
  but let 's not add even more salt to the wound , shall we ... 
  when i enrolled i was still living with my parents and was fucked right in the arse by the isee because my family was ` rich ' enough to be just above the threshold ( and therefore required to pay full tuition ) but not poor enough for me to qualify for any grants . 
  then things really went down the toilet ... 
  nope , i was studying in rome !, 
  laziodisu is such a fucking disgrace . 
  i live in a council house - it is n't mine - so it 's * that * kind of bad . 
  if i were rich , i would n't be complaining about grants in the first place ... 
  nope . 
  there are grants , but getting them is exceedingly difficult for most ( despite what some people claim ) . 
  senseless ? 
  have you ever attended that university ? 
  i have , and for almost two years , until my parents said i needed to focus on my job because they could n't support me any longer . 
  i do n't regret leaving that uni as 1 ) it was so disorganised 2 ) most professors were arrogant arseholes with life tenure who cared more about selling ` required ' textbooks than teaching and 3 ) the classes were ridiculous . 
  this goes without mentioning the poor state of the infrastructure ... 
  they do n't have a good reputation to be honest . 
  but then again , neither do la sapienza or roma 3 ... 
  plus most universities ( at least where i 'm from ) do n't offer any kind of accommodation . 
  it 's like high school - you go to uni , attend classes , get back home , rinse and repeat ... 
  i do n't doubt what you 're saying but somehow i suspect your situation to be the exception , not the rule . 
  just because you managed to get some money out of 'em it does n't mean the rest of us does . 
  you 're aware of the fact that student loans are a bad , bad , bad joke over here right ? 
  and university can be costly even for those with a middle-lower income . 
  you want even more italians in london ? 
  i swear i did n't have to speak english last time i was there . 
  besides - not everybody has the requirements , money or someone who 's already there to make the transition easier . 
  and certainly not from the state , either ... it 's only there when it needs to collect your taxes . 
  good luck trying to claim any kind of benefit , the bar 's been set so low you almost have to be starving to qualify . 
  i would n't know , you 're the scandinavian here . 
  do tell us !, 
  ( but i think sweden has such a programme ? 
  let 's not forget that the state hands out free money for them to do so . 
  here in italy you 'd be considered lucky if you manage to qualify for unemployment ... 
  italian ( better yet , roman ) here . 
  what would you do if you too lived in a place with high youth unemployment and an almost non-existent social security system ? 
  what would you do if you did n't have job prospects , and if you ever manage to land one it 's poorly paid and under the table ? 
  what would you do if you too had no degree ( uni 's expensive , you do n't qualify for discounts and there are no grants ) ? 
  what would you do if due to all this you too did n't make enough money to move out of your family 's own home ? 
  what would you do if your parents too were of no use , as they can barely make ends meet ? 
  i live in my grandparents ' council house not because i want to but rather , because i ca n't afford to leave . 
  i have no choice . 
  the only people ( that i know of ) who managed to move out come from wealthy families - either parents bought them a flat or they were lucky enough to inherit one from relatives . 
  there 's no way i , or most people under the age of 25 , could afford to buy or even rent . 
  they say `` just go find a roommate ! '', 
  but even then with whose money am i supposed to pay for my share of rent , bills and food ? 
  & nbsp ;  italians describe italy as paese di santi , navigatori e poeti ( country of saints , sailors and poets ) [ ... ] & nbsp ; pretty sure this is just an [ inscription ] ( http://lavocedeisenzavoce.myblog.it/media/01/01/1413421105.jpg ) on a single building in rome , though . 
  never heard anybody saying that irl . 
  hips be upon her . 
  & nbsp ;  [ ... ] former special forces commander , with history of insubordination . 
  & nbsp ; without context , this is pretty much every steven seagal character ever . 
  & nbsp ;  why is n't malta part of italy ? 
  & nbsp ; uh , oh , we do n't ... talk about this . 
  or [ this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carmelo_borg_pisani ) really . 
  ( except for [ what happened in 1934 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_malta#italian_and_sicilian ) - never forgetti ! ), 
  you surely mean southern abruzzo ? 
  it 's ok - the rest of italy does n't give a fuck either !, 
  but , hey , we got big pharma and they do n't .
