  the climate in rome is , actually , horrible - june/july/august tend to be sweltering hot and humid whereas the winter months are not that cold but it 's still humid so you can feel it in your very bones . 
  the city centre may be compact but it 's hilly , whereas the rest of the city is quite sprawling ... not an ideal city for biking , nope . 
  bike what ? 
  and why would you want to cycle around rome anyway ? 
  the reform was the kind of utter and total shite that should 've never left the prime minister 's desk , let alone be approved by the parliament . 
  just like most of renzi 's `` improvements '' ( hint : he 's a serial bullshitter/backstabber with an inflated ego ) . 
  btw , it 's easy to mistake him for a good politician when his worthiest opponent is friggin ' berlusconi . 
  in theory , that 's true - but only if you are a civil servant or otherwise employed by a large company . 
  in practice , the rest of us can count ourselves lucky when ... * if * we actually get offered a contract in the first place , which may mean having your social contributions paid ; that 's definitely not a given !, 
  especially for young workers . 
  not to mention the unpaid overtime ( which italian employers love ) and the late-to-non-payment , which is also common . 
  anyway , no , the 2-hour lunch is not the norm ; all the places i worked in allotted 30 mins , one hour max for it . 
  civil servants are a * very * privileged category and are by no means representative of the average italian worker . 
  edit : most young workers are also perpetual `` interns '' - when they do n't get screwed by being employed under the table that is - there 's a specific contract that gets abused a lot and allows employers not to pay any social security whatsoever . 
  none at all . 
  on top of that you also get paid peanuts ( 800 $ tops ) which is ... nice i guess ? 
  not . 
  20 years of berlusconi ? 
  more like nine ... he got elected four non-consecutive times over a period of twenty years , his governments did n't last a full year ( except the fourth ) and he won because his opponents self-destructed each time . 
  did n't the greek government already implement these very same reforms though ? 
  i swear i have already seen that headline in 2016 , 2015 , 2014 , 2013 , 2011 , 2010 ... or is it more like italy where they 've been pumping out reforms for 20 years straight without actually improving anything ? 
  you 're being too harsh on the guy . 
  how can they put more effort when they have quotas to meet ? 
  there 's only so many comments one can manufacture in a 9-5 workday ... 
  but do they have the 1000 prestige needed to create a custom title ? 
  where 's the heart-breaking poverty ? 
  ours had been under negotiations for ten years , and was being approved until those assholes changed everything at the last moment so to appease the nimby fringe that makes up a good portion of their electorate ( just like they appeased bus drivers , garbage collectors , traffic cops and the like by shortening work hours and increasing pay ) . 
  the kicker ? 
  the site chosen was completely empty and devoid of anything . 
  literally zero reasons to not build it and yet ... 
  meanwhile , in rome , private investors who wanted to build a new stadium and a business park got the door shut in their faces because m5s would like you to know that they 're more honest than you and do n't like `` speculation '' . 
  also - in barely seven months of `` administration '' ( i 'm using the term loosely ) that same bunch of cultish hypocrites managed to veto or definance a bunch of other urban renewal programmes that were already well underway ... good for madrid !, 
  populism , on the other hand , not even once . 
  it 's not just the smugglers who profit - what about all those ngos that are in bed with them ? 
  they 're quite literally enabling human trafficking ffs . 
  good . 
  not sure i understood what you said , but i 'm pretty sure a * cadrega * was involved . 
  agreed , agreed - rome 's way cuter than milan !, 
  by the way , do you know why god created fog ? 
  because he saw the milanese , took pity on them , and made it so that not even they would have to look at their own city . 
  sounds like a regular tuesday in 17th-century italy . 
  what a wonderful island of prosperity and civilisation you are . 
  ( btw take this tuscany ... where 's your god now , and why is n't that place the parliament ? 
  nope , but everything 's 20 % off ( no vat in the vatican ) . 
  who needs a leopard when you have all those bitter old ladies from the post office . 
  & nbsp ;  that 's a terrible boss , well done for not putting up with that crap . 
  & nbsp ; thanks !, 
  was n't easy . 
  it took me a while to work up the courage to act on all the shit i had been putting up with , not least because my boss was verbally abusive too . 
  i was honestly afraid of losing my job but then realised i had absolutely nothing to lose , whatsoever , and you know what ? 
  turns out i was right . 
  they even tried to withhold my last payment after i had quit . 
  `` what money ? 
  '' , `` i do n't know !, 
  ask the boss '' , `` please hold on ( and on and on and on and on ) '' . 
  the assholes even hung up on me . 
  & nbsp ; * twice . 
  * & nbsp ; then i went back to the office , threatened to have the police involved and the money suddenly popped out of nowhere . 
  you know why these people do what they do ? 
  because they know just how desperate young people are for a job . 
  it helps how most of them do n't actually know any of their rights , and can be easily intimidated into doing whatever their employer 's bidding is . 
  contracts are n't there just for you to respect , your superiors have to adhere to them as well . 
  & nbsp ;  i thought that was just the way all italians spoke ? 
  & nbsp ; now , now , not all italians do that ... conversation volume tends to dramatically increase the further south you go !, 
  damn right they are . 
  i had a boss who - among the other things - wanted me not to turn my phone off whenever i went to sleep and actually got mad at me when i did it regardless . 
  i was n't being paid to be an on-call receptionist ; my contract had very specific working hours as well as mandatory days off , which he did n't want me to take . 
  he was n't respecting the same contract he 'd signed ( `` we can always change it ! '' ), 
  and got terribly pissed when i refused his absurd requests for more overtime ( not going to work for free on week-ends ) . 
  so that day i got even madder and tore that asshole a new one ... we got in a shouting match and i quit on the spot . 
  it was just before the holidays . 
  was happy to leave that workaholic pos before the very vacations he was so looking forward to !, 
  the idiot not only would send me messages / e-mails at 1 am but had n't taken a holiday in three years , at that . 
  oh , and during the job interview they also asked me to open a bogus * partita iva * [ vat number ] so that 1 ) i 'd be working as a `` freelance '' ; 2 ) they could pay me peanuts ; 3 ) they would n't be making any social security payments , either , i would 've had to do them myself . 
  on minimum wage . 
  was n't having any of that so i told them to either hire me with a ` normal ' contract or not hire me at all . 
  somehow got the job , then proceeded to quit within three months . 
  such is life . 
  the other , extremely popular attraction being the vatican pharmacy . 
  haw !, 
  haw !, 
  haw !, 
  italy is immune from cyber-attacks . 
  our government still relies on paper for everything ... good luck hacking form 7820/8 bis . 
  personally , i 'd take anything by richard lynn with a veritable grain of salt . 
  what if i do n't have one ? 
  better yet - i 'm a total luddite and i do n't even happen to own a pc , let alone a cellphone . 
  what is the tsa going to do about it ? 
  i have n't done anything illegal . 
  all the personal data u.s. authorities might 've ever needed lie in the ( very anal ) esta/ds -160 forms i had to fill , and which they themselves have checked ; they also decided to let me in after an appointment at the local consulate ... during which i 've been extensively grilled about my background , whereabouts and socio-economical situation . 
  this new requirement has little to do with actual security , and more with three-letter agencies on a power trip . 
  apart from pickpockets in tourist-heavy areas and the thieving councillors at city hall , rome is quite safe ... 
  reminds me of the loading screen in eu2 . 
  all the * borghi * ( borgo piave , sabotino , bainsizza etc. ), 
  in the province are their home turf . 
  that 's quite a lot of places ... 
  which is quite ironic , considering just how many uk politicians seem perfectly fine with cp . 
  i saw op 's username , then i realised ; but it was too late . 
  i should 've known better . 
  i honestly would n't know ; above the po , below the po ... what changes ?
