   [ ... ] i learned this at university years ago by a long time professor who was from perugia . 
  so what ? 
  a professor can be crappy regardless of the province s/he 's from , and unis have unfortunately no shortage of them . 
  in my experience those ` barons ' - the kind of guys who 've had their tenure for too long - are actually the worst profs one could have . 
  plus , not all universities are created equal and some * do * rank better than others . 
  i thought an enlightened gentlesir and a scholar like yourself would 've known that !, 
   [ ... ] i bet he 's considered a southerner to you though . 
  i 'm roman . 
  now get a map of italy and have a look at it , so as to better appreciate the sheer stupidity of your argument ... 
  you might find it interesting to know this : had the left-wing parties of the time abstained from traditional pastimes such as infighting and generally imploding at the first sign of trouble ( or even slight disagreement ) , there would 've been no need to vote berlusconi in the first place . 
  and while it 's true that the old fart was elected three times , that happened over a 17-year period with his most durable term lasting a whopping two years and a half . 
  this is what happens when you do n't have any stable alternative other than electing an asshat !, 
  rome 's * historical centre * is ; the rest of the city surely is not , and has got plenty of sights . 
   [ ... ] and many from the south saw it more like an invasion than a unification . 
  actually the whole ` invasion ' thing is a fairly recent narrative stemming from a conspiratard and slightly delusional fringe theory according to which the two sicilies were something other than the shithole they historically were . 
  oh , and apparently garibaldi stole all their ( non-existant ) gold reserves so that 's obviously the reason the south is poor !, 
  the opposite was actually true - if it was n't all those southerners ( particularly sicilians ) would n't have been so eager to overthrow the hated bourbons , whose armies liked them so much they either vanished or joined the rebels . 
  as for brigandage ... that 's a different story and one which had far more to do with a tax on flour rather than revanchism , even though many of those brigands were being financially supported by the now-exiled bourbons . 
  popular again ? 
  please ... there 's no ruch risk . 
  he 's long become a broke , irrelevant political pariah !, 
  and if there 's a demographic the guy has no appeal on , that 'd be young people ; quite ironic if you ask me . 
  it actually takes some skill to do half the things we do on the road and get home unscathed . 
  reckless ? 
  definitely . 
  worthless ? 
  not so much . 
  dick moves are all there is to diplomacy , bud . 
  backstabbed ? 
  huh . 
  the triple alliance was purely defensive in nature ( please check treaty article n. 2 ) ; austria started the world war in question ; and their high command had already thought of backstabbing * italy * first in 1908 . 
  there was literally no legal obligation to join their side , nor was there any benefit in doing so - not least because pre-war negotiations were n't going anywhere and italy 'd have gained absolutely nothing from an eventual intervention . 
   enrica letta ok , i understand that our previous pm did n't have mr. renzi 's swag and magnetic sex-appeal but come on ... 
   in southern europe , people are sipping wine all day long . 
  not quite ... you only drink alcohol , and by alcohol i really mean beer - wine is for old people , hobos or rich wankers - with a meal . 
  tourists are the ones emptying entire bottles on an empty stomach as they believe it 's so sophisticated . 
  that 's actually a no-no ( of sorts ) over here !, 
  are n't they already ? 
  the reason for that is very simple , though ; in today 's world we 're as irrelevant as navel fluff . 
  i do n't think the eu has ever given a shit about italy , except when it needs to reprimand us for something ... 
  good ol' libya , never change !, 
  blaming italy 's a national sport down there ... and has been since 1969 . 
  with so many e-residents modern estonians probably do n't need a home , but a server ... 
  how curious , the guy who brought down a wall died while new ones were being erected ... 
  stability -1, 
  if young brits are becoming a lost generation then what are we , prospective hunter-gatherers ? 
  yes ... by not sporting two watches . 
   gianluca buonanno , of italy 's lega nord ah , so it 's * that * guy !, 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised tbh . 
   rossini ? 
  bellini ? 
  one of them is not like the others ... 
  if it can be of any consolation , [ our very own royal march ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5n-h00ujeg ) had no words either - but the tune was just unsingable !, 
   what do you think is particularly bad about italy 's anthem ? 
  it 's the tune , most of the time it sounds ridiculous ( albeit it could be argued that many bands literally butcher it ) . 
  the lyrics , are , well ... fairly cheesy and if you have to sing them it feels like you 're reciting some kind of nursery rhyme . 
  they 're also choke-full of archaic words and obscure references no one really gets unless footnotes are provided !, 
  how come so many people here like our anthem ? 
  i always thought about it as pure cringe . 
  i like [ the provisional one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-xbwio1cns ) far more !, 
  even keeping the old [ royal march ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5n-h00ujeg ) would 've been better than squabbling about such a musical abortion . 
  the russian one otoh is just so stirring ... no surprise tho , [ dem commies have always been good at propaganda !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th-z6le3bha ), 
  why was n't italy asked to join the talks as well ? 
  we actually happen to border a couple of these countries so we too * might * have a few reasons to be concerned . 
  if that 's the attitude then i ca n't blame britain for wanting out ... 
  is it just me or does uncle vladimir have a * slightly * unhealthy fixation with gays ? 
  is he trying to prove something ? 
  that sounds familiar !, 
  i wonder why ? 
  her friends are basically a court-martial , if you 're not worthy enough ... you 're not worthy enough . 
  game over . 
  i say , let 's just abolish the senate while we 're at it !, 
  anyhoo - one silly thing i do n't like about the reform is the new name of the body political in question , which i find downright ridiculous ( `` senate of the autonomies '' my arse ! ) . 
  imho the proposal does a decent job at re-affirming some of the powers of the central state , which had previously been devolved to the regions ; the result was that of endless bureaucracy , disagreements and legal battles . 
  glad to hear they 've been stripped of a few !, 
  another thing i do n't like is the abolition of the provinces ; we should 've got rid of the useless regions instead . 
  pretty sure you forgot all the other battles in between , bud ... vittorio veneto was just the icing on the cake . 
  but i shall tell you that i find the way you 're trying to downplay the whole affair equally as funny . 
  need [ some ] ( http://www.evilwriters.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/butthurt-cream.jpg ) ? 
  oh , but it 's not like you guys have ever thought about doing the very same thing to us first ... right ? 
  one would think that lovely von hoetzendorf chap and his command were totally * not * planning a pre-emptive strike on italy in 1908 . 
  you know , back to when we were still supposed to be allied or something . 
  by the way , i 'll let you know that the treaty in question was purely * defensive * in nature ( please check treaty article 2 ) therefore we had no legal obligation whatsoever to assist you in attempting to curb-stomp little serbia - especially if our involvement was supposed to come in exchange for what can be best described as `` absolutely nothing '' . 
  lastly , i might just as well point out that the world war ( austria started ) broke out in july 1914 ; we joined in may 1915 and since then we had been fighting you - plus germany , of course - the whole time . 
  also make sure not to forget that it took two years , * both * armies and some extraordinary display of stupidity on the part of our own high command for you to be able to pin the italians down ... only to get kicked in the arse all the way back to vienna !, 
  it is , but only for the kind of folks who are still in denial about ever losing a world war to us . 
  i guess you can call it a working holiday ? 
  i certainly would n't go as far as to say that it 's a popular proposition ... a lot of people could n't care any less and those who do have differing opinions , depending on their political allegiance . 
  i think the * very * general consensus is that it belongs to us beacuse 1 ) we fought a world war and 2 ) there 's a fairly sizeable italian-speaking minority there . 
  you were obviously referring to all those * oppressed * , sunbathing minorities were n't you . 
  what ? 
  we actually * do * get plenty of hate on the internets , and the kind of coverage we usually get from english-speaking media is something we 'd rather do without . 
  your journalists in particular like to take the piss out of us ... ... so if there 's a country which does n't get mocked enough , that 's * definitely * not italy !, 
  you know you have it bad when even the most well-intentioned , flattering article is a total cringefest . 
  generally we 're too irrelevant to make the headlines , and when we do it 's all for the wrong reasons . 
  does n't help that the american idea of italy is ... uh ... * slightly * outdated , distorted or simply ridiculous . 
  it 's more of a hit and miss ; their quality depends pretty much on a bar 's supplier , and i 've found most to be decent . 
  to give you an example - i worked at fiumicino until recently and i can assure you that even within the same airport there were amazing differences between the ( excellent ) * cornetti * served at alitalia 's very own cafeteria and the overpriced shit they sell at cargo city . 
  it depends on the place you 're in but i do n't think we have it bad .
