  50 msv is considered an acceptable annual dose anyway . 
  20 msv is approximately the same as have 3 ct chest scans . 
  i 'd also like to point out that the lowest does of radiation that has even been linked to any increased cancer risk is 100 msv a year . 
  oh , and by the way , the figures you are using only apply to the most badly affected area , just a few miles north of the plant . 
  for most people living in the city proper , they 'll get about 1msv a year . 
  or about 1 \\ 3 the annual normal background radiation . 
  as to why people were relocated ? 
  it 's a mix of fear and misunderstanding combined with an aversion to frivolous class action lawsuits . 
  yeah , it 's not . 
  the problem is people do n't understand radiation and think it 'll kill you instantly , life is not some hollywood action movie . 
  read the report on the incident and for god sake do some research into radiation before you go fear mongering . 
  did you know someone can fight for more than one thing at a time . 
  try using your brain before you go spouting off shit . 
  no , the only reason there have n't been more casualties is because terrorist are idiots . 
  they go after stupid targets rather than focusing on inflicting terror . 
  there is no way short of going all 1984 that we can stop all terrorist attacks . 
  i prefer to think about how i care about democracy more than money . 
  i do n't dispute that the eu has brought good things , i 'm just pointing out that it is wrong to take them with the current democratic deficit . 
  if people want those rights they will vote for them , if not then they lose them , as is the way of the world . 
  what we should n't do is run off and give that power to an unaccountable body because it pushes your political agenda . 
  in that instance it 's clear you care about money more than democracy or you would n't support the eu . 
  tell me , were you in favour of scottish independence or not ? 
  actually , both the people who know the least and those who know the most both fall into the brexit camp . 
  remain is filled with people who know a bit about it . 
  since when did the eu become a serious geo political player ? 
  it has not united foreign policy and just stumbles from one internal crisis to another . 
  the eu is not a world power like you think, 
  if the public is not against it then they are either in favour or do n't know about it . 
  if it 's the former then you have to accept the democratic process , if it 's the latter you need to step up your game and push your arguments harder . 
  what should not be an option is removing people democratic choice and giving it to an uncountable body because it pushes your political agenda . 
  yes , i can object to more than one thing at time . 
   and you will lose then so be it . 
  if people do n't fight for their rights then they will lose them . 
  maybe when they do n't have them anymore people will realise what they lost and fight for them again . 
  either way , i wo n't violate democracy for my own political agenda . 
  if it names names then we could see some high profile political downfalls which would in all likely hood undermine trust in the government and establishment parties , not something remain wants at this time . 
  i do n't expect to get more rights with the current tory government no . 
  in fact i think they 'll probably try to take some away which i will fight against . 
  the point is you should n't run and hide behind an undemocratic power just because it pushes a political agenda you agree with . 
  i like most of what the eu brings , but it is wrong to take it because of the democratic deficit . 
  the ends do not justify the means . 
  if the current government tries to strip away peoples rights , then i 'd hope people will fight back against it and throw them out of power , but if they do n't then we all have to accept that 's not what the people of this country want at the time and we who argue for these rights need to improve our arguments . 
  urgh , are you 12 or something ? 
  those of us who care about democracy also want a change to the electoral system . 
  it 's the remain camp that opposes both . 
  some of us care about democracy more than money . 
  hahaha , i can smell the salt from here . 
  who would you put top ? 
  it 's not particularly nice to say such things and i 'd hope other people would point out their stupidity , but that person should have the right to say it . 
  your feelings do n't get police protection . 
  there 's a world of difference between saying nasty things to people and actually beating them up . 
   `` all black people are less worthy and less human than white people and asians and therefor should be treated as lesser humans '' yes that would be a racist thing to say , but i would defend your right to say it . 
  if you followed it up with `` and we should go out and be violent towards them '' then you 've crossed the line . 
  cyprus wo n't give a shit about upsetting anyone . 
  turkey still occupies half their country , no politician will ever vote to let turkey in without the withdrawal of forces from cyprus . 
  it 's true , just look at the eu . 
  china does it through repression of it 's people and state propaganda to keep everyone in line . 
  they 're also not fans of democracy and will stamp down harshly on any independence movements ( see : tibet , taiwan ), 
  but i 'm sure the remain camp all know exactly what goes on in the eu because they 're upstanding sensible folk ? 
  because democracy and consent are a thing mien fuhrer . 
  funny , we contribute a shit load , then people get pissed off when we want a say on how things go . 
  well they are eu members . 
  that 's how all newspaper write their editorials as stories . 
  the remain camp will do exactly the same thing by saying the economy will collapse of ee leave , then run a headline `` suggestions of economic collapse in event of brexit '' they 're all the same . 
  where ? 
  no it 's fine . 
  if i join i 'll just wait in the lobby for a while to see who picks what and then see if there 's anything left worth playing . 
  do you have the map showing who the human players were ? 
   which is good for the banks . 
  not if you understand how banks work it 's not . 
  they do n't have the cash to give everyone their money back . 
  they could maybe pay back 10 % at best before they collapse . 
  all banks work on fractional reserve banking , there simply is n't enough cash in existence for everyone to withdraw their savings . 
  actually we have # 100 notes ( but not from the bank of england ) and there are also 1 million and 100 million notes that are exchanged between the bank of england and the bank of scotland and ireland . 
  but for the most part carrying around a card is seen as safer . 
  london - 13,856.65 $, 
  so then we get an irish eu exit ? 
  are you an idiot or something ? 
  the while point of politics is arguing your case to change peoples minds . 
  i will continue to argue for why leaving the eu is a good thing for democracy , that 's not a bad thing . 
  turning public opinion your way is n't something that should be shunned . 
  yeah but it 's underwater . 
  one half inch drill bit and it 's gone . 
  i get that periods can be unreliable , but if you 're sexually active , or have just had a one night stand and the periods were being a bit odd , surely you check ? 
  it 's not like pregnancy tests are expensive and if you 're having regular sex , it seems like something i 'd do every couple of weeks or every month . 
  if you missed several periods in a row after sex and you did n't check then that 's just irresponsible . 
   the problem is - what if it 's a one night stand ? 
  or a friend you see once a year ? 
  if the woman realises she 's pregnant within the time period ( who 's not going to notice missing ~ 5 periods ? ), 
  then it 's her duty to inform the father . 
  if she does n't then he should n't be obligated to support the child as he did n't know it existed . 
  no one remembers major because his first term was overshadowed by the absence of thatcher , the biggest person in politics since wwii and a resurgent opposition . 
  his second term is only remembered for its instability . 
  he got dealt a pretty bad hand but i mostly think he won purely on the momentum thatcher left the tories with . 
  i 'm fairly sure you could have put any pro european troy in as leader after thatcher and everything would have gone exactly the same . 
  probably because it looks far cooler . 
  looks like gordon brown has already been forgotten . 
  [ no flag no country . 
  thems the rules . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utduy7qkvk8 ),
