  no where near as much as dublin and you know it . 
  i was talking about reddit karma ... 
   what the hell do you mean by that ? 
  i think you 're taking his remarks far too seriously . 
  he does n't want peoples lives ruined , just some sweet , sweet karma . 
  doctor bashir ? 
  british accent and got all the ladies . 
  my statement stands . 
  i 'm fairly sure he said french has been a dead language for hundreds of years in one of the films . 
  truly , they lived in a utopia . 
  i always get the impression , in next gen and ds9 that all the races represent different traits of humanity taken to extremes with the humans there to manage the interactions . 
  you have the vulcans representing logic , the ferengi for greed , klingons for aggression and honor , romulans for deceit and secrecy , cardassians for glory and self indulgence , betazoids for empathy , bajorans for spirituality and finally the borg for a pursuit of technology and advancement . 
  almost every major race emphasises one major part of the human condition with the humans there to observe and bring all of them into balance . 
  i ca n't really see it being accidental . 
   i 'm not ~ ~ ruling that out ~ ~ breaking down in tears as all hope crumbles into dust and america falls into chaos at all , to be honest . 
  ftfy, 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 i not be he . 
  i ca n't navigate that nimbly . 
  also , this would mean trump is a secrete lefty . 
  if the banks went anywhere it would be to dublin , not pairs . 
  dublin is only a 30 min flight away from london that speaks perfect english ( an essential when dealing in the global world ) , is in the eu and is in a country with lower taxes than france . 
  france would get fuck all out of an exodus from london ( which would n't happen anyway . ), 
  last time i checked denmark only has a small land border with europe , just build a wall . 
  things are n't looking good at the moment on the meme market . 
  with the loss of the decaprio memes , everyone 's experiencing a shortage right now . 
  your best bet is to buy into meme futures . 
  with trump looking likely to be the next potus , we should see a rapid resurgence of the meme market in about a year or so . 
  just hang in there . 
  i can feel the butthurt from here . 
  do you want to explain why i should give a shit about the rest of europe more than any other country ? 
  i see , you did n't like me pointing out the differences did you ? 
  again you come back to glossing over the huge democratic deficit because the ` uk ' did n't help greece so you take that as implicit approval . 
  the eu did n't beg for help with greece , they fucked over that country just to make a political point . 
  the eu is a political project , one which has a health hatred for democratic control or accountability . 
  it seeks to centralise all the states within it , with the end goal of a single united country . 
  europe is a continent , it 's exact borders are difficult to pin down but a good explanation is that it extends all the way from granada , to istanbul , to the ural mountains . 
  while the eu is in europe , not every country in europe is in the eu . 
  it is not possible to leave europe while it is possible and desirable , to leave the eu . 
  did that help ? 
  you lean like how we have to build our products to american standards we want to sell there ? 
  or canadian standards ? 
  it 's not really a new thing , have to build to set standard in country if you want to trade with them . 
  my object comes mostly to how laws are made and the lack of control or accountability over that . 
  not to mention the eu 's rape of greece . 
  we 're threatening to leave the eu , there 's a difference between the eu and europe . 
  france can threaten all it likes , it just should be surprised if the uk does n't react in turn , such as shipping migrants back to france on a ferry . 
  if france wants to ignore international law in such a way then so should we . 
  we 'll just put them all back of ferries and ship them back . 
  ahh so we should strip them of democratic control even further ? 
   such a stupid idea, 
   it is absolutely necessary for the people in the uk to know what the consequences will be . 
  but no one can know . 
  the best way to explain it would a series of possible scenarios that are put the the people with a probability attached and we 'd debate the probabilities . 
  no one can claim that something will or will not happen once we leave , they can only take an educated guess at the probability of it happening , as is the way with international diplomacy . 
  just because there is activity does n't mean it 's in the interests for all the members . 
  there is currently a lot of activity going on over the refugees and the quota system , however i doubt many would argue that such a system is in the interests of all 28 member countries . 
   if the 28 countries agree on one common interest key word there '' ** if ** '', 
  yet again ` the left ' is talked of as one homogeneous hive mind blob . 
  is it really so difficult so add the qualifier , ` some of ' ? 
  i forgot to say that westminster would also do some rebalancing of wealth to address that point . 
  i know that if left alone , many places would be poorer, 
  honestly , i was n't too bothered . 
  scotland 's arguments about lack of power were completely justified . 
  i 'd have been sad if they left but understand . 
  where i think the eu is different for the eu is regard to representation and intricacies of the commission . 
  scotland is represented in parliament like everyone else . 
  in the eu the parliament can make legislation and the commission president is twice removed from public vote , making him illegitimate in my eyes . 
  that 's a brief summary . 
   it is already at a 10 year low yet still one of the strongest currencies in the world . 
  yes , it is , but it 's a leap we should choose to make . 
  running scared of our own self determination is foolish . 
  better to be a master of your own density and fail than have no say in the path of success . 
  i can see the argument . 
  if this is a new generation of battleship then it 's definitely breaking away from the battleships previous role of fire support for naval invasions and moving strictly to ship to ship combat . 
   the big question is how hard is implementation of rail gun , and directed energy weapons going to be ? 
  the actual physics of building a rail gun wo n't be the problem , advances in magnets have taken huge leaps and bounds in recent years , mostly due to investment in fusion research . 
  the sticking point will be generating the power to fire such a weapon on a ship . 
  sudden spikes in energy from a power source are fairly hard to achieve and using a battery would take up a large amount of space . 
   continuously using straw men i 'm not , you clearly do n't know what a straw man is . 
   i think ship descriptions are getting increasingly wiggly these days . 
  i think that 's mainly due to increasing multirole capabilities of ships now . 
  but where are you going with the idea that the zummwalt class is a battleship ? 
  battleships have been defunct ever since aircraft gained reliable guided air to surface missiles . 
  ah i see , you 're being deliberately dense and refusing to acknowledge that both the comment i liked to were implied questions . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  now , i 've always assumed this to be common knowledge but obviously it has n't sunken into to the 14 year old redditors yet , but when you 're debating with someone , you should explain your argument . 
  anyone can look through that comment chain and see that you did not . 
  you made your arguments far away in other comments then expected me to look through your history to find them when you did n't even say they were elsewhere in the tread until your last comment where you tantrumed out . 
  if you 're making a point on a political website , actually state your argument . 
  i know you 'll ignore this because you 're an ass and all teenagers think they know best but still , try not to be a hypocrite in future ok ? 
   [ i pointed out that my comment was justified , you 've yet to counter it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/46ehj7/electoral_commission_investigating_tory_election/d04nzsv ) that 's me giving you the chance to raise your point after you went off on that tangent insisting you cared but not backing it up . 
  edit : [ also here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/46ehj7/electoral_commission_investigating_tory_election/d04ot13 ), 
  you mean a comment chain on a different primary comment , buried under read more tabs ? 
  yeah , i 'm in the wrong for asking you to explain your point on a political forum . 
  ah , the hypocrite has returned . 
  you 're the one who insists that other people should have to look through their previous comments rather than explaining themselves are n't you ? 
  and god save the queen is impossible for the average person to remember . 
   `` in '' comes with financial obligations and mandatory regulations . 
  no one is disputing that we 'd have to make our products to european standards to sell them there , anyone can see that .
