  this is probably the easiest option as we wo n't have to do much outside of what we 're already doing , just change where the bombs are dropping . 
  on the other hand , we could invade , overthrow assad , destroy is and then occupy the country for a few decades ( so it does n't end up like the shit show that is iraq ) it will require a marshal plan 2.0 with billions invested in infrastructure and education so the country does n't regress when we eventually leave . 
  gaining the political will to do this would be extremely hard , and maintaining troops for as long as needed without bowing to public opinion will be even harder . 
  there is no chance of the fsa establishing a democracy in syria , anyone who thinks they could needs to let go of this delusion . 
  the fsa consists of everyone from democrats to people only slightly less extreme that is , if they ever took power there 'd be another civil war before sunset . 
   we 've spent trillions on government , schools , training , and infrastructure to no avail . 
  this is a region that has no hope of peace imo . 
  i 'd argue that the us has just spent the money ineffectually because it does not occupy those areas . 
  the marshal plan is evidence that with proper investment in infrastructure and education , even the most far gone societies can be brought back to civility . 
  of course , to properly bring lasting peace to the middle east , like the marshall plan , it would require generational occupation and 10s of trillions spent on it . 
  there is no way anyone could muster up the political will to even propose , let alone execute , such a plan . 
  it can be as complicated as you want to make it . 
  if you 're playing a first time casual game as a major nation then you wo n't need to pay attention to quite a few aspects of the game . 
  trade for example can look horrible to a new player , but you can just stick merchants on a trade node and ignore it for the rest of the game . 
  next time it 's on sale grab the game and the art of war dlc , ( that dlc is almost universally agreed to be the best . ), 
  and jump in . 
  if you pick a big nation ( france , just pick france ) then you ca n't really lose unless you really fuck up , but then you 'll know not to do it again . 
  once you start claiming the world you wo n't be able to stop . 
  he just has to accept he 's swedish . 
  are n't you forgetting the napoleonic wars ? 
  admittedly they were that the start of the 19th century but i 'd still count them . 
  i did n't know that was the main language in east sweden . 
  i do n't blame them for banning anyone using the word whiskey . 
  if i could i 'd ban everyone who spelled ** whisky ** wrong as well . 
   i do n't think `` congressional democracy '' is an actual term sorry , i think the proper term would be full presidential ? 
  basically where the head of state and government is the same person but they 're not part of the legislature . 
   deeply enshrined rights . 
  this comes from a good constitution , not the system of government . 
  you can have parliamentary democracy with a full and robust constitution quite easily . 
  i think he 's making the point that the central bank dances to germany 's tune . 
  the euro is optimised for germany first and foremost , other eurozone countries have to plan around that . 
  if you do n't feel proud of things you had nothing to with then why should you feel guilty either ? 
  ture but you ended up with congressional democracy , the most useless form of democratic government possible . 
  why are they not separated at the reception centres ? 
  saying to someone , `` do n't worry , you only have to live with these rapists for a few weeks '' seems a piss poor way to help them . 
  first you need to retake your clay from the kebab, 
  that really depends on how long this lasts . 
  there 's enough shale in america for decades , if they can bring the costs down with the second generation ( they think the cost will be $ 5 - $ 25 per barrel as opposed to now at about $ 50 - $ 95 ) then that could keep the price of oil own for decades , long enough for the north sea oil to be near depletion . 
  making a case for independence with no oil will be very hard . 
  `` the vow '' i believe . 
  they printed it on the front page of some newspaper with all 3 leaders signing it . 
  the oil price started falling months ago , panic would have already set in , especially when hyped up by the media . 
   others complained about a lack of privacy in overcrowded reception centers in germany and said they felt unsafe going to the toilet alone because men were watching them . 
  i would have thought that there would be separate areas for single women , families and children . 
  those are people that need help the most , surely it makes sense to separate them out to make them easier to process . 
  if we follow this analogy through then there 's going to me a massive fight followed by their leader going back to the middle east to bring more people ? 
  claims from the article  many migrants are drawn by family connections and language to britain , while the migrants often view france as unwelcoming and with limited economic opportunities . 
   but we can bring our ~ ~ deck of cards ~ ~ postcards from scarborough which has pictures of nudie women on them . 
  ftfy, 
  true , i was looking at the first draft copy of the bill . 
  even so , given the context of what he 's saying , to him a no vote means leave . 
  netherlands already has the most interesting part of that though . 
  the question on the ballot will be  should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union ? 
  so a no vote mean leave . 
  you 're overestimating russia 's military capabilities and also forgetting about nato which would rect a lot quicker to any hostilities on it memeber than the eu could . 
  kind of , scotland likes the north a lot more than the south . 
  basically a lot of the tensions in the uk would be resolved if we just kicked out london and the home counties . 
  the rest of us get on fine with each other . 
  nobody outside the m25 likes london . 
  the northern cities sort of like each other . 
  again , it comes back to the north south divide . 
  to be fair you 're like 3 4 military techs ahead of me and i have no man power reserves . 
  surrendering instantly is the far better option . 
  it depends on what you 're measuring , this sort of thing gets talked about for a lot of countries . 
  as a percentage of total laws ? 
  no , not ever close , probably something closer to 10 % of total laws . 
  as a percentage of new laws passed each year ? 
  yeah , quite possibly . 
  i do n't know the specifics for poland but it 's a very similar situation in the uk when people talk about the % of laws made in brussels . 
   outside the eu , the uk would have to renegotiate joint agreements on criminal justice issues with individual eu member states if this is so vital to counter terrorism , then surely this wo n't be a problem as other countries will want to ensure they are equally protected . 
  if this is as vital as he claims , then no government is going to put its citizen at risk just to spite the uk for leaving surely ? 
  thanks , from my look at the save those are the some of the few other seemingly viable countries at this point in the game . 
  ah ok , do you know if the 3 large indian states are free ? 
  excellent , i look forward to carrying on the bengal hate . 
  do you know if anyone is playing as lan na in south east asia ? 
  the last aar does n't list it a been played but every province has been renamed to `` fuck bengal 1 '' ect . 
  thank you . 
  thanks for that . 
  i saw earlier itt that you said you had the save file from last week . 
  if it 's not too much trouble , do you think i could have a nosey around in a copy ? 
  ok so i 'm a long time eu4 fan but i 've not done multiplayer before and never seen this until now . 
  just a few questions . 
  what dlc 's are you running ? 
  are you running a shattered world mod or is it just the basic 1444 start . 
  do i need any other software to chat or just use steam chat ? 
  i see our push for the cultural victory is going well then . 
  you should ignore that rebel propaganda and join us at / r/empiredidnothingwrong, 
   mate ww1 , ww2 , crimean war ... military co-operation with multinational states at the european level with various laws and shit between them . 
  yes , they co operated , but only because it was in their national interest to do so . 
  they did n't help each other out because they cared about the other for any other reason than it helped their interests . 
  they used each other to further their own goals , once that was done they split and went their separate ways . 
  the national interests of all eu countries will never be aligned indefinitely to allow the creation of such an army . 
   already the eu has strike forces and authorized a combined eu naval force to act off the coast of somalia . 
  yes , they 're working together but only because the pirates threaten their imports . 
  once they have been defeated , do you think they 'll stick together ? 
  no , they 'll go back to defending their own territory . 
   you need to wake up . 
  i 'm afraid it 's you that needs to realise the reality of geopolitics . 
  just think what would happen if this was proposed . 
  hopefully the uk will leave in 2017 , but if it was still in the eu then this would push the leave side well into the majority view .
