  i do n't like luxembourg anymore than i do the overseas territories of the uk and france . 
  i 'll happily sign a waver absolving everyone of anything i do whilst drunk before i start drinking if that will help . 
  just have a stack of them printed off next to the bar . 
  i 'll sign one while sober and drink till i drop . 
  but my point is luxembourg only exists to serve as a banking loophole , not a really country . 
  england was formed some time in the early 900 's . 
  and mine has existed for over 1000 years , what 's your point ? 
  this by far . 
  if i can still stand , i 've clearly not had enough . 
  too many people just do n't get that . 
  meh , you 're country is n't really a country , it 's just 2,500 sq km of banking loophole . 
  what i mean is that oxbride takes a * students and gets a * results , that 's noteworthy but does n't necessarily make it a good school . 
  however a school that takes d grade students and gets them b 's is . 
  how good a place of education is should be determined by how much they educate . 
  people that attend oxbridge would learn just as much anywhere else so i would n't call it a good uni . 
  oxbridge have a reputation so they attract the best in the firth place . 
  i seriously doubt they are the best in terms of helping people to learn what they would not have otherwise done . 
  care to point out which bits of my analysis you disagree with ? 
  i am not my government , nor do i support any of the previous governments in their opposition to democratising the eu . 
  but the actions and believe of my government are separate to my own so i am free to criticize both quite happily . 
  thanks , i thought i was going mad there for a second . 
  too many people online argue the person rather than the point , it 's nice to see people that actually debate . 
  / r/ukpolitics is the best sub i 've come across for constructive debate . 
  * tips cap *, 
  oh ffs , did you not even read the paragraph above ?? 
   is it hard for you not be a asshole ? 
  not when the person i 'm talking to has n't read what i 've written and is just spouting their beliefs without question . 
  as i elaborated on in the above paragraph ( which i 'd advise you read is you want to understand what i 've been saying and want to have any credibility in this debate ) i put forward what i think is the likely outcome of the 4 possible scenarios that would happen in the case of brexit . 
  this argument focuses on the scenario in which the eu gives us a bad deal but the uk does well economical afterward anyway . 
  please , go and actually read what i wrote , rather than just mouthing off while the answers are above you , it just makes you look like a moron . 
  once again , thanks for the intelligent argument . 
  you really made the point well about how people will choose to keep themselves in a union that is bad for their economy . 
  you are a master debater . 
   there 's no way to overrule either , the approval of both is needed for any legislation to pass at all . 
  that 's the problem , the second tier is n't directly elected which makes their veto an insult to `` democracy '' in the eu . 
  either have a proper , fully elected second chamber or remove the right of veto . 
  the status quo is unacceptable . 
  if the eu gives us a shitty deal and we prosper anyway , in all likelihood it will . 
  people will see the eu as holding them back and many will seek to leave . 
  but thanks anyway for your reasoned , intelligent counter argument you gave . 
    you condescending prick  thicken your skin some . 
  i 'm fine thanks , i guess you 're still getting over the shock that people can object to two things at once ? 
   the eu will try to make an example of the uk if you guys vote to leave . 
  i have my doubts , i think the eu would give us a good deal . 
  now , i expect you think they 'll try to screw us over to stop others leaving i.e. 
  the abusive partner theory . 
  i disagree with this because you have to think about what will happen as a consequence of the eu 's actions . 
  let 's assume they 're deliberately harsh . 
  now , if the uk does badly , everyone will blame it on not getting a good deal . 
  now , while this will certainly discourage other members from leaving , it will leave the eu with a hostile reputation . 
  other countries will be less inclined to join the eu , rather they 'd just try for trade deals rather than locking themselves into a political partnership they know they can never leave . 
  conversely , if the uk sees good economic growth , even with a shitty deal with the eu , it will spell the end of the eu . 
  all countries will see the uk thriving outside the unions , even with harsh penalties . 
  this will open the floodgates . 
  the more that leave , the less the bad deal matters as all newly independent countries will trade with each other as well . 
  if that happened , the eu would probably not survive for many years after . 
  not something the eu wants . 
  now let 's think about what will happen if they give the uk a good deal . 
  if they give a good deal , and yet the uk does badly , it will send a message to everyone in europe that membership of the eu is by far in a way the best thing for their economies . 
  all countries in it will give up on the idea of leaving , seeing the economic benefit of staying . 
  countries not yet in the eu will make it a priority to join , so they can also get the economic boost it provides . 
  all in all , if the uk gets a good deal but fails , it will ensure the future of the eu for decades to come . 
  now let 's think about if the uk gets a good deal and also has good economic growth . 
  people will see it as a country doing well , with most of that success based on the free trade deal they got , this reflects well on both parties involved . 
  now , some countries in the eu will see this as a reason to also leave , however , the eu has several ways to discourage them this way . 
  they can say the uk only got a good trade deal because of its large economy , something that would not be afforded to the smaller states . 
  in the case of larger countries like france , they can say the uk is only doing well because it never had to float its own currency after exit , playing up fears amongst eurozone countries that it would be impossible for them to exit the eu because of the euro . 
  now , this is n't a perfect way to keep members , but it certainly gives the eu more room to manoeuvre . 
  tl dr : if the eu gives the uk a bad deal , at best the eu will have a hostile reputation and find it much harder to attract new members , at worst , it will lead to the breakup of the eu within a few years . 
  if they give the uk a good deal , best case they secure the future of the eu for decades , worst case they have to work harder to stop any further members leaving , but the eurozone members will be easy to keep in the fold . 
  i think in the grand scheme of things , they 'll come down on giving us a good deal . 
  edit : to those downvoting this , * if you think something contributes to conversation , upvote it . 
  if you think it does not contribute to the subreddit it is posted in or is off-topic in a particular community , downvote it . 
  * if you 're going to downvote this post , at least make an argument against it . 
  i think everyone will wait and see what happens to the uk after we leave to see what they 'll do . 
   the organisation dedicated to making the entire continent work ~ ~ together ~ ~ under one central , unaccountable , undemocratic regime . 
  ftfy, 
  we can work together without a political union , that 's basically how most of the world works you know . 
  we have made other people realise the eu needs to change . 
  the commission and associated bureaucracy still refuses to admit that there is anything wrong . 
   we want the same things . 
  no we do n't , that 's why the eu ca n't ever decide on anything because all its members want different things . 
  not really a theory . 
  the guy above me merely said he did n't think it was misleading , but for disagreeing with the mods , his comment was censored . 
  only a fraction of people on here use the meta sub so you can happily store criticisms there and ban it here . 
  how many other subs do that , especially political ones ? 
  it 's just the most disgusting part of this community , just the rampant authoritarianism by the mods . 
  how dare people actually think about what 's best for them and come to a different conclusion to us !, 
  yeah , `` big ben '' is the name of the bell itself . 
  yeah , that dead sub that is only there so you can delete any criticism from here and justify the censorship that goes on here . 
   still waiting for your reply you mean on that thread that got locked ? 
  oh yeah , let me just become a mod and we 'll pick up right where we left off . 
  we gain more democratic accountability . 
  at the end of the day that 's all that matters . 
  why is it i only ever see the continentals banging on about empire ? 
  it just shows you do n't understand us or why we want to leave in the slightest . 
  some people want to reduce immigration , other like myself support democracy , but no one on the leave side talks about empire because that 's busts a meme on reedit and not an actual reason . 
  he was saying the london transport board was dominated by white men and he felt it should be more diverse to reflect london . 
   the refugee crisis is unsolvable on a national level . 
  perhaps .
