  the exact details for what the hdi level should be is something that should be debated amongst the members when it was set up . 
  as for a country that fell below the hdi requirements , there would of course be stages where they are given assistance to try and turn it around . 
  if there was no progress being made , then yes , they 'd have to give up free movement until it improved against to the a for mention level . 
  there could have been economic cooperation and integration without extending free movement to encompass the large labour pools of the east . 
  once you reached an acceptable hdi standard , then we could have talk about free movement . 
  fortunately , all terrorist are idiots . 
  with a bit of forward thinking and planning , you could easily inflict far larger casualties and terror on a populace than anything since 9/11 . 
  our saving grace has been the fact that anyone who thinks bombing people because god wants them to is a good idea , tend to not be that good with their critical thinking skills . 
  then they should have joined nato . 
  the eu is only useful at preventing war between members , not at protecting it 's members from attacks . 
  if the eu goes tits up ( fingers crossed ) , any trade deals with it will be irrelevant . 
  this is why the eu should have had higher standards when admiring new members . 
  letting in less developed economies of the east has lead to this inevitable situation . 
  if you want free movement , it must be between equals , otherwise it only leads to one side getting a raw deal . 
  the difference is , the uk is already complying with everything , the negotiations will just be about which bits we should stop following . 
  that is far easier to do that starting from a blank slate like canada or korea . 
  because if people care about ttip enough , they will vote for a party that will oppose it , if not , we will sign it , that is the nature of democracy . 
  if you care about democracy and peoples right to choose , you must vote to leave , that is the only way people can have a proper democratic say in the matter . 
  probably , it 's still the most widely spoken language and will serve as a good go between for most people . 
  why should n't they ? 
  most canadians are of british ancestry and have inherited most of their political system and certain cultural nuances from britain . 
  conversely , up until recent times , there has n't been much of a movement of people between england and france outside of the upper classes , with our cultures diverging with the fall of the roman empire and evolving more or less independently , only tied by proximity and hostility . 
  hardly surprising the british feel closer to canadians than the french . 
  i think the idea that the uk is eurosceptic because of the empire is utterly wrong . 
  i see it touted a lot by continentals as the reasons , but it does ring true with reality . 
  the real reason is the uk is fairly separate from the rest of europe and always has been . 
  sure we 've traded monarchs with you , but culturally we 've never been that intertwined . 
  we 've relied on ourselves , trading and waring where appropriate to advance ourselves , often this has revolved around europe , but that does n't make us european . 
  i think the reason most of the continentals think it because `` hur due empire '' is because most ca n't accept that the uk is n't very european . 
  to may , the uk is in europe so must be european whilst failing to understand the nuances . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone that want out mainly because of national pride , most of us want out because our interests are not aligned yours anymore . 
  other like myself ca n't stand the hatred of democracy so rampant within the eu institutions and inability to change . 
  can we end this empire meme now ? 
  referendums are not legally binding . 
  the only tink the act made into law was that a referendum would have to be held before the 31st of december 2017 , nothing more . 
  the pm , could , if he chose , ignore the result and carry on if nothing had happened . 
  now , this would be political suicide , but there is nothing that mandates him to active article 50 . 
  yes , it is simple to dispose of if you have an understanding of radiation that does n't come from hollywood action films . 
  also , what is this insanity about having a couple of decades of uranium left ? 
  we have centuries of the stuff , that 's before you consider fast breeder reactors than can use otherwise spent fuel . 
  you 're also overlooking that uranium is n't the only thing we can use in in a fission reaction , thorium is another . 
  spent rule rods are n't dangerous if handled properly . 
  as for disposal of them , we just need to pay algeria to let us drill a big hole in the middle of the sahara and let us dump it all down there , well away from anything . 
  now , as for renewables , most of them are pretty horrible to actually make . 
  take solar panels for example , with those you need silicone which is disgusting to make , with pollutants involved in the process as well as them using rare earth metals . 
  same goes for most batteries , lithium is quite rare and car batters use zinc with is gotten through open pit mining , producing a lot of acid rain . 
  nuclear power is the best option realistically for our long term needs . 
  we have the recourses for about 1000 year of nuclear fission production , more when we improve our designs . 
  however , our best bet is using nuclear fission until we figure out nuclear fusion , with a date penciled in for the 2030 's , but give it a fair bit of room for change . 
  do n't interrupt the circle jerk , it 's the closest the germans have got to humour . 
  oh i never said it was the best option , but it makes it look like the government is doing something without spending anything so it 's useful politically . 
  probably , but this is cheaper . 
  just one more reason to stay with our abusive patterns eh ? 
  oh no , it is illegal . 
  this would come under child abuse , assault , ect , it 's just that there is no law that specifically states it is illegal because it should n't be necessary . 
  sort of like how there is no law against stabbing someone in the heart with an ice pick , because the murder and assault laws already cover it quite well . 
  the idea behind it is to make it explicit to certain communities that still practice it in secrete that it is illegal . 
  at least he mentioned them . 
  speaking as someone who has flown to europe many times , your passport gets checked . 
  i 'm thinking late 17th century from the `` changing every day '' comment on who rules england . 
  17th century saw the civil war , the glorious revolution and the crown changed hands about a dozen times in 50 years . 
  i think you 've got the wrong comment . 
  that is one problem , another would be if the citizens wanted to leave the eu . 
  you 've also got to think about what the laws would be there , the eu does n't cover everything . 
  you 'd essentially have to turn it into a city state for it to function , which would inevitably lead to it becoming another tax haven . 
  wrong , the physical paper was as good as any broadsheet i grant you . 
  however , its online presence is pure click bait . 
  with the shutting down of the paper , the independent is now garbage , with its reputation withering . 
  that would be a hideous arrangement for the people living there . 
  they 'd be in political limbo with no democratic way out . 
  all have varying degrees of legitimacy , however i think the sitting government ignoring the rules and using its position to out spend its opponent is a very valid one . 
  unless you can produce peer reviewed papers , you 're chatting utter bullshit . 
  to clarify , i 'm not trying or would ever try to justify what when on in the imperial age , i 'm just describing the process of what happened in australia with the word i think is most appropriate , without passing moral judgement on the act . 
  are not `` settled '' and `` colonise '' synonyms in this context thought ? 
  given using the word settled is off the table , i would have assumed `` colonised '' would be as well . 
  same word , different meaning . 
  imperialists used it to mean ruling over what they saw as inferior people . 
  i 'm using into describe the introduction of ideas and technologies that form the basis of modern society . 
  we introduced advanced agriculture and mining . 
  medical care , education , the court system and a government . 
  i 'm not sure what you could call this process other than `` civilising '' as it was n't `` industrialisation '' yet . 
  in any case , it was used before to mean subjugating a peoples into a way of life . 
  now , while that did happen in australia as well to some extent , i 'm simply using the word to describe what happened . 
  using one blanket term is foolish . 
  the british `` invaded '' aboriginal land and `` settled '' unclaimed land , both happened . 
  if you want a word to describe the whole process , `` civilised '' would be your best bet . 
  crusading ? 
  the eu ranks very low on a list of reason why the good friday agreement has held . 
  people have just started to try to give it the credit recently to try to fear monger about what exit would do . 
  the eu is inconsequential to the peace process , despite the few pennies it tosses on the pile . 
  i do n't buy the argument that the whole financial centre of london will just up and leave . 
  quite frankly paris , frankfurt and dublin are all second teir , they do n't have the infrastructure to support such a move and wo n't be able to expand anywhere near quickly enough to capitalise on any short term upset after brexit . 
  even if they did move , it would not be to paris or frankfurt , it would all be to dublin . 
  it 's a 30 minute flight away in an english speaking country wit lose financial regulations , all things that are far more important than the size of the country . 
  they dared to question how we deal with muslim integration so they had to be crushed with the media painting them as the bad guys in all this . 
  so essentially men are now being offered a worse service than women but it costs them the same ? 
  surely this will be shot down in the courts as gender discrimination unless they run an equal number of male only carriages ? 
  hopeful they back down over this stupid idea and whoever thought it up demoted . 
   and i thought they were relocated because of the radiation dose that they would be exposed to if they would live there . 
  because `` the estimated annual dose level is over 50 msv and the annual effective dose is expected to be more than 20 msv over a period of six years after the accident '' .
