  now , w know the rebels are trying to make sarin , some al-nusra members were captured not long ago will kilos of sarin on them . 
  it makes far more sense that the rebels were keeping chemical weapons at that village than assad using a chem attack on it . 
  well there 's no proof it was assad and no reason he would do this . 
  he 's gained nothing from this at all apart from being bombed by america . 
  on the other hand we have the rebels , who we know have been trying to make chemical weapons and probably have used them in the past , who have gotten the us to strike back at the guy that was beating them . 
  until there 's proof it was assad or that he got some sort of gain out of this i wo n't believe it was him . 
  no , i completely disagree . 
  he was a businessman coming into the political arena . 
  basically every politician that has ever want to climb the greasy pole has been crafting their image from day one to suit their voters . 
  trump ahd n't done that , he came with a shit load of media baggaged that should have sunk him . 
  but he was able to tap into to an undercurrent that the mainstream media has n't picked up on a ride that wave of anger to the whitehouse . 
  he was by any definition the underdog . 
  there are no rules that donald broke in politics really . 
  almost everything he is accused of is just very heavy spin on his part . 
  everything he did had been done before in some form or another , he was just good at it which no one was expecting because he was seen as the underdog for all the reasons i 've pointed out . 
   trump was n't the underdog . 
  he was bound to have more press coverage than anyone else because he was the most well known candidate . 
  what !? 
  that 's nonsense . 
  trump was absolutely the underdog , from the start he was thought of as a joke , just a rich businessman in over his head against bush and cruz . 
  people were astonished that he won the primary because he was the underdog . 
  then he faced clinton , a woman that has been in politics for as long as anyone can remember . 
  she 's spent decades building up a support network of fundraising and media contacts . 
  she severed in government for years and it seemed as though this was her ascendancy to a job she 'd been angling for since she married bill . 
  all this against what , a stupid cheesy puff ? 
  trump was by any measure the underdog in the race , i do n't know what you 're smoking to think otherwise but can i please have some ? 
  in your opinion . 
  which is worth about as much as a steaming pile of dog shit when compared to the millions who voted i the referendum . 
  democracy is a mistake ? 
  how pro eu of you . 
  yes , but only after the decision of the referendum has been implemented . 
  in this case a second referendum would be fine , after we have left . 
  not sure how wise it is to piss of a naval power when your country can literally be sunk ... 
  did you even bother to read your own fucking sources ? 
  the guy that started all this said that 80 % of the population married underaged girls . 
  your own sources prove that to be total bulshit . 
  what is the point you 're trying to make !, 
  meh , a 7-4 year deviations is n't significant . 
  in any case , you know full well i was referring to them marrying adults . 
  stop being deliberately dense . 
   in 1890 in the us the average age difference was still 4 years . 
  in the early 17th century in new england it was at least 7 years . 
  the debate is n't about if men married women younger than them , it 's about if `` 80 % '' of the population married underaged girls . 
  going of the courses you provide that is demonstrably untrue . 
   if mohammed was a pedophile for marrying a 9 year old in the 7th century , then so was every single other human who did it well , yes , they all were . 
  i do n't see what 's hard to understand about that . 
   which means ~ 80 % of the population until the 20th century . 
  what !? 
  where the hell are you pulling that number from besides your ass . 
  marrying children was n't widespread , in fact the only people that really participated were the nobility and bourgeoisie . 
  the vast majority of people , something like 90 % were peasant farmers/third estate that married people their own age . 
  well to start with , yes , nuclear power is the safest form of power generation . 
  the only people that think otherwise are misinformed about how nuclear power and radiation works . 
  storing near waste is n't too difficult , you just have to do it for a long time . 
  find an appropriate side and drill and big hole , problem solved . 
  nuclear only costs a lot because it 's usually built asa single one off project . 
  build them smaller like has been proposed with a factory line set up and watch the capital costs drop . 
  also , per watt produced nuclear is the cheapest . 
  decommissioning takes a long time but very little of the plant is radioactive , only the pcv needs special treatment , the rest is totally fine . 
  sadly not enough nuclear there . 
  wind is nice but without storage capacity it 's usefulness is limited . 
  solar uses lots of dirt rare earth elements and has a fairly short life expectancy , it 's eco credentials are far overstated . 
  we just need more nuclear desperately . 
  which is why most were ( rightly ) ignored . 
  and you wonder why we admire cromwell ... 
  the original phrase was `` you ca n't have your cake and eat others too '' which does make a lot more sense . 
  it 's sadly been corrupted down the years into the ridiculous statement we have now . 
  i know that but his remarks in the thread are disparaging of people for the simple act of being british . 
  he 's the one conflating the state and the people , i 'm just responding to it on his terms . 
   to ensure the indefinite survival of celtic languages as first languages over there what ? 
  i can understand wanting to preserve them , but why on earth would you want people to learn them as a first language ? 
  all that will do is make it harder for people to talk to each other . 
  let anyone who wants to learn it , learn it at school , but do n't go around trying to disrupt society . 
   who was born and continues to live in the uk why do you still live here by the way ? 
  it seems apparent from the rest of this thread that you have a deep sense of self loathing for being born british . 
  why not move to another eu country and get citizenship there seen as you hate the uk so much ? 
  or the superiority of common law . 
   they 're all already in existence in highly controlled environments . 
  really world adaptability is still a pipe dream . 
   for just now . 
  eventually technology will eliminate this need : robotic mining , indoor hydroponic automated agriculture , cheap multi-material 3d printers , etc. 
  which could take centuries . 
  there 's absolutely no eta on any of those things so speculating on them is foolish . 
  probably not , but there 's a good argument for the lords staying out of this entirely and just nodding it through . 
  may will want to stick to her promise of invoicing art 50 before the end of march and i think she 'd be willing to smash the lords to do it . 
  it can be argued that this comes under the salisbury convention so the lords should pass it without much fuss . 
  even if they do delay it a bit , i do n't see them dragging it out too long . 
  if it looked like they were going to block it entirely , i could see may using the nuclear option and just making a few hundred new lords to force it through . 
  you 've clearly failed to understand my point . 
   what if the majority of the people wants to take away minority rights ? 
  you either accept it or rebel . 
  look , there should be nothing that a democratic majority can not do . 
  democracy must reign supreme above all else . 
  to me , once you start to put limits on what is and is not acceptable for the people to have a voice on , you 're starting down a dangerous path . 
  now , where do things like human rights come into this ? 
  i think they should be guaranteed in law , but that a majority decision by the people should be able to repeal them because to do allow that opens up possibilities to stop people voting on other things aswell . 
  so , what happens if people vote to abolish freedom of speech ? 
  i would find that unacceptable and the only option would be to start or join a secession movement against the state to form a new state , separate from the old one , with like minded people who value freedom of speech . 
  that way those who wish it abolish can do so in their state and people who value it create a new one . 
  that , in my eyes , is better than to start drawing lines on what is and is not up for debate .
