  do you really need the / s to know something is sarcasm ? 
  as what ? 
  one of few people on this sub that has a brain ? 
  maybe you should n't assume what i 've said in those past circumstances ? 
  my reaction has been the same as this . 
  do n't blame islam/the leave campaign for the actions of some . 
  seems you 're the one wanting everyone to fit into a black or white category . 
  what 's wrong with that exactly ? 
  the eu is an enemy of democracy and accountability . 
  you can support on or the other , but not both . 
  the muslims that call for violence have problems yes . 
  i 've yet to see anyone in the leave campaign call for violence . 
  true , what i hate is now both sides are hypocrites . 
  whenever a terrorist attack happens , the left , quite rightly , say not to blame islam for the actions of radicals . 
  some on the right throw a fit and an argument ensues . 
  now we have people on the right saying , quite rightly , not to blame the leave campaign for the actions of one radical . 
  some on the left , are in turn , throwing a fit about that and an argument has ensued . 
  both sides now call the other hypocrites for acting like them and no one will give ground . 
  rational discussion surrounding the eu ref went out the window a long time ago . 
  many people are using this murder to score political points . 
  you are perhaps the most stupid person i 've ever come across on the internet . 
  well done on that by the way . 
   people like farage are to blame too . 
  by spitting xenophobic non-sense they legitimise certain opinions . 
  look , we have this thing called freedom of speech , i know pro eu people are n't keen on democratic rights but hear me out . 
  farage can say what he likes , without calling for violence , and he is not responsible for anything that comes from that . 
  trying to claim he is , is utterly disgusting . 
  if that were the case , i could go out , kill someone , blame your language as my motive , and have you blamed for it . 
  if you think that 's fair , you must have been dropped on your head as a child . 
  people are not responsible for how people interpret or act on their words , whatever some fool like you trying to score political points may think . 
  edit : a word, 
  the local politician he had a grudge against because the local mental health service was closed ? 
  but no , go ahead and use her death for political gain . 
  that may have been is main reason , but iirc , polls showed a majority wanted a referendum to happen . 
  yeah because some would . 
  people are going to use her death to make a political point because people are bastards . 
  what do you want me say ? 
  what ? 
  it fits with remain tactics of attacking people for being on the same side as `` undesirables '' like when they say `` so you support garage '' ect . 
  they 'd love to be able to say brexiters are on the same side as murders . 
  there are unconfirmed reports that the man was shouting `` britain first '' as he shot her . 
  if true , the remain camp will no doubt use this this as a way to smear the brexit campaign . 
  i suspect many on the remain side are hoping she dies of her wounds , that will give them a more powerful story to use . 
   i 'm greatly saddened that you would view climate change as a lost cause . 
  do you seriously think we can stop it ? 
  can we stop china from building new coal power plants ? 
  can we switch to a clean fuel source before it 's too late ? 
  i have serious doubts , the smart thing to do is prepare now . 
   genetic modification is not some magic pill that will fix the problems climate change brings . 
  it might make our supplies more efficient and reliable in the short term but no crop is immune to extreme flooding or drought . 
  true , but anything we can do to lessen the impact will be welcomed . 
   i see unification as a better method of tempering the effects of climate change . 
  people in the first world might only be suffering property damage at the moment , but on the other side of the world are poor communities literally being destroyed by rising sea levels , drought and other issues . 
  the idea of just riding out the passing weather with our tasty gm tomatoes is insulting to the millions of people who face real consequences for the modern worlds carbon emissions . 
  look , millions are going to die , there is nothing we can do to stop it . 
  our choice now is deciding if we limit that to the 10 's of millions rather than the 100 's of millions . 
  continuing to push forward with the idea that we can stop climate change is dangerous . 
  we need to switch our focus to surviving it . 
   britain being part of the eu strengthens our collective bargaining ability , as well as allows for britain to be a stronger player in shaping the worlds climate change policies . 
  again , we do not need a political union to bargain together . 
  we 'd say your foolish and ignore it . 
  the british 3 pin plug is just a safer design to the european or american designs . 
  if the eu wanted all plugs replacing , we 'd demand that they be the ones to pay for the new replacements or just ignore the whole thing . 
  ok , i 'll take time to address each of those points . 
   climate change i do n't believe climate change can be stopped at this point , the only thing we can realistically do is prepare to ride out the changes that it will bring , something that can best be done outside of a bureaucratic political union . 
  for example , we need to heavily invest in genetic modification to secure our future food production , not something the eu will allow . 
  co-operation and sharing of technology yes , but that does n't require a political union . 
   trade policies of the future trade is different for each country and should be handled at the national level . 
   security the eu is hampering security if anything with open borders . 
  we can still have our polices forces work together like in europol without being tied up in a political union . 
   the size of our market gives us the ability to shape standards/regulations worldwide again , this does n't need a political union to do , just a meeting of major western economies like the g8 or g20 to demand this level of standardisation . 
   peace firstly , all out war is an impossiabilty in the modern world due to the nature of the economy and cost of manufacturing modern weapons . 
  we ca n't levely millions of men to fight anymore without collapsing the economy and modern weapons are so complex and expensive , it would be difficult to manufacture replacements in time to have an impact on the outcome of any war . 
  also , nato is doing far more to deter aggression from outside the eu than the eu is doing . 
  that only works in the very short term . 
  once you get a reputation for getting the result you employer wants , no one will hire you because no one will believe what you publish . 
  to a polling company , reputation is everything , if they ever get found out even once that they fixed a poll , they 'd have to file for bankruptcy the next day . 
  the only positive sounding messages are said in such a way to amke it clear what we 'd lose from the eu . 
  like `` you save x amount on your shopping by being the the eu '' * so if you leave your shopping bill goes up * there 's nothing positive being said about our future in the eu , just saying directly or indirectly what we 'll lose by leaving . 
  i guess there are cunts on both sides . 
  i wish people would actually abide by the informal rules , only downvote if it does n't contribute to debate . 
  but that would be expecting people to be rational on the internet . 
  when i made my comment it was at 38 % , seems things have improved since then . 
  as far as i 'm aware , nigel is n't a communist . 
  the downvotes on this post are telling . 
  information going against the narrative must be suppressed it seems . 
  assuming this is n't sarcasm , judging current growth rates on how far we 've come from the 1920 's is moronic to say the least . 
  plus , it is a fact that the eu is grow less quickly than the rest of the world which amounts to it losing ground as a % of the global economy . 
   although already pretty old afaik . 
  yeah , but most of the episodes could have been filmed now , they 're still just as relevant so they 're just as funny . 
   astronomists best name ever, 
  well did n't you know the eu would have become a single glorious country where everyone loves each other and no one complains about anything if not for the uk ? 
  i thought this was common knowledge ... 
   services by the way can be moved . 
  not at the wave of a wand they ca n't . 
  any city hosting such business needs a serious level of infrastructure that takes year and decades to build . 
  london is the only major city in europe that can accommodate them all , all other cites are second tier . 
  also , if businesses were to move out of the uk after brexit , they would not go to paris ect . 
  overlooking that these people have a sense of smell , continental europe does n't have any natural english speaking countries ( yet ) . 
  any business that left would go to dublin , it speaks english , is only a 30 minute flight from london and above all , has few french people in it .
