  there would be a massive rise in euroscepticism across the eu , especially among countries that have traditionally tried to stay neutral . 
  that 'd be portugal and to a lesser extent spain as well as the scandinavian countries . 
  you 'd also have problems with countries that have typically been at each other throats having to face the prospect of working together , i.e the balkans . 
  you think the serbians will be happy to train with the bosnians or either with the albanians ? 
  the eastern block countries will contribute little owning to their small economies but will draw in most of the resources as the eu expands eastward . 
  the french will come to resent it as they will be one of the two main contributors but get nothing from it . 
  the germans will only do it reluctantly because history and would always try to hold it back , even if the case for deployment was overwhelming . 
  then we come to the legal problems . 
  to whom are the soldiers in it accountable ? 
  their country of origin or the eu ? 
  who can deploy them , the nation or the eu ? 
  who set the rules of engagement and what if these contradict the rules from their own countries rules ? 
  what is it 's role in case of war between to member nations and what of the soldiers in it from the two warring countries ? 
  is frances nuclear stock pile considered part of this army and who has the codes to launch them ? 
  you also have the problem of the eu not been democratic or accountable for its actions , yet you 're will to give such an entity an army ? 
  crazy , utter insanity . 
  i full expect to see a red man in a sleigh delivering presents before i see an eu army training . 
  fantasy is not an impossibility , just incredible unlikely , that 's why i compared it to santa clause . 
  again , i 'll bring it back to the point that the co operation needed would be impossible . 
  you have various competing national interests ( which is all the eu really is ) that do not have and will not have , the same foreign policy or defence objectives . 
  the legal nightmares are hideous to think about . 
  if this was ever proposed as a serious bit of legislation it would lead to the break up of the eu . 
  no i do n't , there 'll never be the co operation necessary for it to work . 
  if it ever did happen it would be comprised of french and german soldiers with token forces from the other countries . 
  it 'd be a legal nightmare when you consider the command structure and who they 're responsible to . 
  it 's not impossible , but i put it likelyhood of existing near that of santa and its hypothetical lifespan that of a butterfly . 
   says the person with a government with 36 % popular support and a second house filled with political appointments . 
  the difference is that can be changed through voting , the eu can not . 
  there is no way to reform the eu because it is corrupt to the core , the best thing to do is to leave it and work to actively undermine its existence . 
   i do n't believe in a static world . 
  no , you belive in a regressive one , where power is unaccountable and what is good for business is the only thing that matters . 
   and i do n't believe in re-living the 20th century . 
  obcourse you do n't . 
  the 20th century was marked by huge social progress , i ca n't see a europhile liking that . 
  i 'm voting out because i believe in democracy , something that is incompatible with the eu . 
   the rest of us can make alternative plans without the whinging . 
  you seriously think that the eu can function ? 
  or that the uk is the only one with objections to it ? 
  you 're in for a rude awakening . 
   the same could be said about nato . 
  only in a technical sense . 
  there are combined nato exercises with international command structures . 
  nato could respond to any threat and have force deployed before the eu could call a summit . 
   either way , things change . 
  is this some hint at the mythical eu army that people think will ever happen ? 
  having a combined eu army is the stuff of fantasy , the eu would tear itself apart if serious legislation was ever put forward . 
  european defence will be left to nato . 
  what ? 
  any european defence matters would involve nato , not the eu . 
  the eu has no army of its own and is hopelessly inept . 
  the ability to clone a human is not , in theory at least , too difficult a step up from any other mammal . 
  the reason it 's never been done is because it violates nearly every ethical standard imaginable . 
  no funding committee would ever sing of on such a project and anyone who was serious about it would become a piraha of the medical world . 
  been in the country illegally . 
  but if they 've refused asylum in a safe country then they 've become illegal immigrants . 
  if they wo n't apply for asylum or return home then they should be arrested . 
  if it takes almost two years from when he started for them to notice then the road probably was n't that useful anyway . 
   is n't it smarter to deal with the problem directly ? 
  that would involve fixing syria , either through helping assad regain control or by a full scale invasion of the country . 
  the eu would be irrelevant in both these scenarios as it does n't have a common foreign policy or an army . 
  do n't worry , we 'll be gone in a year or two . 
   that 's why a pan-eu army must be part of it . 
  do you honestly think its possible to create such a thing ? 
  who would contribute to this army ? 
  the eurozone , schengen , the whole eu ? 
  i ca n't ever see such a project ever getting the co operation needed , not to mention the massive blow back from this from us eurosceptics . 
  even if this was crated , it would mostly be french and german forces , with token contributions from the rest of europe . 
  the uk would leave without questions if this happen , although i 'm not sure if you care about that as we 're probably leaving anyway . 
  you then also will have the inevitable problem of who is responsible for the actions of these soldiers , is it some eu high command or the countries these soldiers come from ? 
  to whom are they loyal ? 
  who can deploy them ? 
  what will their rules of engagement be and what happens if that differs from their nations rules of engagement ? 
  an eu army is a nightmare politically and legally , not to mention hugely authoritarian . 
  you 're essentially giving control of an army to an unaccountable ( and in many cases unelected ) entity , that 's just asking for a war . 
   as a whole , migrants are more likely to be of working age , have ( on average ) higher skill levels and are net contributors to the treasury . 
  the average is the important part here . 
  given it 's an average , then there must be some portion of migrants that are not net contributors . 
  i 'm not going to speculate on what percentage it is , only that this portion of people exist . 
  now , if they uk set it 's own immigration policy , it could exclude the people who are not net contributors , thus raising the average net contributions of migrants as a whole . 
  this may mean excluding a few thousand or tens of thousands , i do n't know how many . 
  but basic min maxing tells you that control over immigration policy is superior to a lack of control . 
  urg , i was pointing out that the impression that these groups are giving out is that they are not impartial in their advocacy of human rights . 
  given that so many people iit get the same impression then it is a fact that these groups do not have a public image of impartiality . 
  there are explanations for this , the one that i think is the most simple is that they simply are not impartial , they are hypocrites . 
  if you could be bothered to read my explanation after that as backing up my opinion then you wo n't have made such a stupid remark . 
  but hen again , i can see critical thinking is n't your strong suit . 
   both issues are equally important for them too . 
  from their actions i do n't believe this to be true . 
  they seem to spend most of their time on defending the rights of migrants ( as they should ) but next to no time on defending these women because that would reflect badly on some of the migrants which they wo n't allow . 
  when in doubt , commit genocide . 
  i 'm not denying that there would be serious in incidents like this , i 'm just pointing out to all the armchair policemen that , whilst the abstract concept may be valid , turning that into a coherent strategy is hard . 
  it 's all very well for politicians to stand and pontificate , but what exactly could have been done to ascertain when and where incidents would take place ? 
  there 's a disconnect on here between the theory and usable facts . 
  ni would be excluded obviously . 
  either that or we buy a lot of pedalos . 
  the point is that if the rail next work as to be upgraded sufficently , internal flights can be cut simply because they 're a massive waste of flue , airspace , and runway space . 
  we do n't need air travel to navigate the mainland , it 's just a waste in my view that we should try to stamp out . 
  just to carry on this hypothetical , what happen if they do refuse a judge 's order and germany does n't hand over the files , saying it 's a private matter between vw and the us ? 
  well given on nye their numbers are already stretched , how are they supposed to keep back a reserve force capable of breaking up a 1000 man strong crowd ? 
  urg , no , obviously .
