   if uk leaves it is expected that they will remain in eea . 
  only by the remain camp . 
  the uk is important enough that it can get it 's own unique deal . 
   europe needs more france in that regard . 
  shhh , you 'll interrupt the circlejerk . 
  got to see them last year at bloodstock , at the barrier , dead centre , god they were good . 
  neither of those songs seem particularly finnish to me . 
  i know finland for it 's amazing metal bands , your national anthem should be something metal as fuck . 
  [ my suggestion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn5npasbvqu ) but seriously , you have some amazing musical talent , use it . 
  if it went anywhere ( which i doubt ) it would be to dublin , not the continent . 
   do n't you think that it is juncker 's democratic right to choose with whom he is willing to cooperate ? 
  what !? 
  he 's not choosing not to cooperate with them , he 's taking away their voting rights at the eu level . 
  not cooperating would be ignoring their preferences in trade deals and the such . 
  this is stripping them of their rights because hur dur the `` evil '' right wingers . 
  sure we ca n't just gass everyone ? 
  you know , just to be sure ? 
   article 7 of the treaty on european union , ratified by every eu member country . 
  my government had no authority to sign such a treaty and i do not consider it to be valid . 
  any government that is elected is given powers by the people , once its term has ended it must return those same powers . 
  it does not have the right to give them away as the power is not theirs to give . 
   what , because i said that they do n't like the `` liberal '' part in `` liberal democracy '' ? 
  yes  did n't orban literally say that ? 
  that he wants `` illiberal democracy '' ? 
  you have 1 data point . 
  you ca n't extrapolate from that and denounce all of the far right with the same brush . 
   much of the article is about poland and hungary , where , yes , there are very good arguments that it has indeed happened . 
  then prove it in a court of law and then convene a council of all countries with a stake in preserving the rights of those people and decide what action to take . 
   when joining the eu not all did , many joined a trade union . 
   also , this is n't an intervention in the democratic process . 
  one of the possible outcomes from this is any such government losing its voting rights . 
  if the eu passed legislation that affects said country while they have no vote , that is imposing it 's will on an unwilling and unrepresented populace . 
  not sure how much closer you can get to interfering in the democratic process . 
  ah , but you see the eu can do no wrong because something something far right something something literally hitler . 
   the `` new powers '' were democratically given really ? 
  when was the vote held i must have missed it . 
   also , liberal democracy does not equal blind rule of the majority ( of course , far-righters hate the `` liberal '' part ) . 
  correct , if somewhat arrogant with your dismissal of the far right . 
  not all of the far right are fascists , dismissing them all like that is foolish . 
  but anyway , the checks and balances in any democracy are for that country and its people to decide upon , not the eu . 
  if a far right government is elected then the people who elected it should not be punished by an outside force for that . 
  the only time foreign intervention is acceptable in another country 's democratic process is when the process has been dismantled or fundamental rights are been denied to its citizens , neither of which has happened . 
   jucker is the biggest fool europe has ever seen . 
  come on be fair , europe has been inhabited by humans for over 300,000 years . 
  surely there 's been a couple or so more foolish ? 
  not if you support democracy . 
   the eu will isolate and use sanctions against any far-right or populist governments that are swept to power or presidential office on the wave of popular anger against migration . 
  what ? 
  the eu will unilaterally decide that the democratic choice of the people of these countries is `` wrong '' and punish them for it . 
  utterly disgusting . 
  the eu is a clear enemy of democracy and should be targeted as such . 
  how can anyone support this and call themselves a democrat ? 
   finding a solution that winds up with everyone ( or a large proportion of everyone ) saying that the problem is solved is , i think , a hard problem . 
  the end solution is bring the war in syria to end . 
  now , we can either back the government in syria and help them re assert authority over the country , or if we want a functioning democracy , we 'll have to send in a western ground army . 
  both options are shit but we 're going to have to decide what to do soon if we want a permanent resolution to the situation . 
  in the meantime , all arrivals to europe need to be logged an accounted for . 
  they need to give their identity and country of origin ( so we know if we can deport them or not ) and then housed in various camps around europe , providing them with the basics . 
  they need to be given some for of tag that shows they 're a refugee and allows them to gain access to the water and food provided at the camps . 
  anyone who refuses to give details of who or where they are from should be detained indefinitely for illegally entering the country . 
  keep them confined and be as harsh as the law allows . 
  they will decide to leave . 
  then when the war is syria is over , we can send them all back . 
  also , there should be a stipulation at the un level that a refugee can not gain citizenship via residency . 
  so you 're saying everyone in the eu needs to speak english if it 's ever to integrate . 
  i can get behind that . 
  so i take it you do n't think much of the british criticism of eu justified ? 
  i think it comes from a high % population of catholics and lots of holy communion . 
   anytime the eu does anything , even if its a good thing for them , many of these people will have a kneejerk response to it . 
  or some of us care about democracy ? 
  i do n't care what the eu does , just so long as it is democratic and accountable , neither of which is . 
  on the contrary , it seems to hold a mild disdain for democracy when it goes against the the eu wants . 
  i can not support anything it does . 
   the foundations of the eu are quite sound are we looking at the same eu ? 
  schengen has almost collapsed and the euro is stuck in eternal stagnation . 
  one good shove and the eu is done . 
  yep , once they cross the border they 're wearing lederhosen , eating sausages and drinking beer . 
  all previous views on women and minorities are dropped and they become hard working germans . 
  if they did n't , germany would be in a lot of trouble down the line . 
   given the nuclear launch codes hyperbolic much ? 
  you actually think trump would just decide to nuke a country without reason ? 
  further , you think subordinates would carry out such an order when it was clearly without justification ? 
  history has shown when the chips are down , they 'll disobey orders rather than push the button . 
  urhg , it 's like you do n't even know your own political system . 
  how on earth will trump get anything he wants through congress ? 
  the dems wo n't help him and most republicans ( who will control both houses ) wo n't work with him because he 's a political dead end . 
  in 4 or 8 years , they 'll be back to politics as usual , they 're not going to go out on a limb and support his legislation . 
  what will probably happen is the gop will cut a deal with trump . 
  they give him the funds to build a wall , and he does n't veto any of their legislation for his term . 
  trump gets to have his wall , it 's a big political symbol and will probably cut illegal immigration . 
  the gop gets to push its own legislative agenda , with enough breathing room to blame anything that goes wrong on trump . 
  essentially he 'll be a lame duck from day one with no allies on the hill and shunned abroad . 
  he 's not a threat to anyone , far better him than clinton . 
  yorkshireman here , people just look confused at my accent . 
  i think hate speech should just be incitement to violence , anything more and you enter very dangerous territory . 
  iirc , eurovision always costs more than it generates . 
  the fanabse willing to actually pay for tickets is too small to of set the cost of the stadium . 
   and also usually people make fun of uk/ireland/france because they send the most hilariously bad songs and i do n't understand why . 
  because we 've all won it before and know how bloody expensive it is to host . 
  hey , did you know people can be opposed to more than one thing at a time ?
