  they would support the founding principles if it only applied to founding members , however the eu had expansion plans and failed to realise what the effects of bringing second tier countries into the club would do . 
  worth it for democracy . 
   conventional nuclear power plants are a risk . 
  so is waiting for the bus . 
  in the grand scheme of things , the risks from nuclear power are negligible  system failure there are so many redundancies built into every modern in nuclear power plant design this becomes nigh on impossible to happen . 
  the list of things you need to go wrong make them extremely safe . 
   natural disaster not really a problem , certainly not one in europe . 
  look at fukushima . 
  it was able to withstand one of the most powerful earth quakes in recorded history and it had no effect on it . 
  the plant went into shutdown as planed . 
  what went wrong was when a tsunami flooded the back up generators , something that would n't happen on a modern design because they 're located on the roof now . 
   hacking attack the worst thing you could do by taking control of a power plant is to cost the company money . 
  it is not possible to cause a meltdown with the computer . 
  firstly the computer will see you are doing something wrong and override your commands , if the computer fails there are physical backups that will come into effect . 
   terrorist attack firstly , terrorists do n't go after hard utargets they prefer soft squishy targets . 
  you them have to consider all the security around the plant and finally the physical protections . 
  in what is [ one of my favourite videos of all time ] ( https://youtu.be/x697yzbcn8w ) , we can see you need serious firepower to damage , let alone breach the core . 
  terrorist only ever seem to use home made explosives that are not powerful enough to hurt the core . 
  if they ever got enough military grade explosives to be able to breach it , they would n't be because with that sort of fire power you could kill 10,000 's by blowing up office buildings 9/11style . 
   wars probably the biggest danger to be honest . 
  you 'd need several direct artillery hits to breach core , it would be done eventually . 
  now , this would n't send the plant into chernobyl style meltdown . 
  what would happen is radioactive materia would be scattered about the local area , irradiating it , but we 're talking the 10 's of km rather than the 100 's of km . 
  well done germany , you 've now become a parody of yourself . 
  1951 churchill beat atlee in the ge to become the pm again . 
  churchill fought his campaign on retaining the empire , something that had already begun to be dismantled under atlee , saying that was the whole reason we fought the war . 
  he raised defence spending to try to help retain british military presence across the globe . 
  in 1956 the suez crisis happen which really hammered home that british military forces could no longer hold what remained of the empire . 
  as such , defence spending was reduced since it was no longer needed . 
  it 's not actually , the source he gives has this at the top of it  edit with huge disclaimer : the us hdi is not at all comparable to the world hdi . 
  the data which this map represent are not , in fact based on the american human development project ; and the ahdp 's data are not , in fact , suitable for making international comparisons - they were specifically designed with the american context in mind . 
  total shit . 
   edit with huge disclaimer : the us hdi is not at all comparable to the world hdi . 
  the data which this map represent are not , in fact based on the american human development project ; and the ahdp 's data are not , in fact , suitable for making international comparisons - they were specifically designed with the american context in mind . 
  your source is a load of shit . 
  send the husband back yes , but like hell we should send the kids back as well . 
  and all have an almost identical standard of living and the same culture with minor regional variations . 
  the eu has none of that . 
  should have tried harder, 
  firstly , there have not been `` 3 models '' for brexit put forward , it 's the remain camp that keeps trying to box the leave camp into rigid constraints of pre existing deal . 
  the uk can and will get it 's own separate , unique deal that does not include free movement of people in any form . 
  now , if you 're looking for the closest approximation of what that deal would look like , look to canada or south korea . 
  `` but 7 years !!, 
  all other countries that have gone for a free trade deal have been negotiating from a blank slate . 
  the uk is already compliment with all eu regulations , we 'd just be negotiating on which parts to drop which will take far less time that canada did . 
  now , as for why the eu would give us a good deal . 
  now , i expect you think they 'll try to screw us over to stop others leaving i.e. 
  the abusive partner theory . 
  i disagree with this because you have to think about what will happen in the future . 
  let 's assume they 're deliberately harsh . 
  now , if the uk does badly , everyone will blame it on not getting a good deal . 
  now , while this will certainly discourage other members from leaving , it will leave the eu wit a hostile reputation . 
  other countries will be less inclined to join the eu , rather they 'd just try for trade deals than locking themselves into a partnership they know they can never leave . 
  conversely , if the uk sees good economic growth , even with a shitty deal with the eu , it will spell the end of the eu . 
  all countries will see the uk thriving outside the unions , even with harsh penalties . 
  this will open the flood gates . 
  the more that leave , the less the bad deal matters as all newly independent countries will trade with each other as well . 
  if that happened , the eu would probably not survive for many years after . 
  not something the eu wants . 
  now let 's think about what will happen if they give the uk a good deal . 
  if they give a good deal , and yet the uk does badly , it will send a message to everyone in europe that membership of the eu is by far in a way the best thing for their economies . 
  all countries in it will give up on the idea of leaving , seeing the economic benefit of staying . 
  countries not yet in the eu will make it a priority to join , so they can also get the economic boost it provides . 
  all in all , if the uk gets a good deal but fails , it will ensure the further if the eu for decades to come . 
  now let 's think about if the uk gets a good deal and also has good economic growth . 
  people will see it as a country doing well , with most of that success based on the free trade deal they got , this reflects well on both parties involved . 
  now , some countries in the eu will see this as a reason to also leave , however , the eu has several ways to discourage them this way . 
  they can say the uk only got a good trade deal because of it 's large economy , something that would not be afforded to the smaller states . 
  in the case of larger countries like france , they can say the uk is only doing well because it never had to float its own currency after exit , playing up fears amongst eurozone countries that it would be impossible for them to exit the eu because of the euro . 
  now , his is n't a perfect way to keep members , but it certainly gives the eu more room to manoeuvre . 
  tldr : if the eu gives the uk a bad deal , at best the eu will have a hostile reputation and find it much harder to attract new members , at worst , it will lead to the break up of the eu within a few years . 
  if they give the uk a good deal , best case they secure the future of the eu for decades , worth case they have to work hard to stop any further members leaving , but the eurozone members will be easy to keep in the fold . 
  i think in the grand scheme of things , they 'll come down on giving us a good deal . 
  the guards need to be lucky all the time to stop him being killed . 
  the other inmates just need to be lucky once . 
  remind me again why we did n't just get rid of you lot when we had the chance ? 
  ah , you 're making the classic mistake of assuming the commission values helping people over expanding its own power . 
  do n't worry , we 've all been there . 
  urgh , look , i get you 're trying to look clever and such , but given the person above me offered no explanation for their point of view , i can counter it by stating mine and it 's just as valid . 
  if they want to reply to me by explaining why they think we 'll end up like norway , i 'll expand on my position as well . 
  do you get it ? 
  good , now run along . 
  wow , i guess some people over react to everything ... 
  do n't worry , we 'll be far better than norway status, 
   when has anyone said it was i see you missed the last 3 years of european politics and / r/europe censorship battles ? 
  actually how far you can progress in the british political system is far more dependant on money than anything else . 
  we 're quite non discriminatory in that sense . 
  got money ? 
  does n't matter where you come from so long as you fill the one and only requirement . 
  i did n't have anything to do with that , why should i be made to pay the debts of others ? 
   meh , because both are the same same words , totally different meaning . 
  i do n't see how you could think a trade area and political union are the same thing ? 
  so why bring up that referendum ? 
  that was a vote on joining a trade block , we 're voting on membership of a political union , i do n't see why they 're related . 
  this is a pretty shit argument . 
  the states are very different to separate countries , it 's like arguing the regions of germany should all be separate entities in the eu if that were the case . 
  what he is saying is at the federal level , that a lot of eu countries have , the us refuses to sign up to international agreement like the international criminal court and laws of the sea because they claim it will damage their sovereignty . 
  they are hypocrites for saying that the uk should continue to give power away to a corrupt , anti democratic regime like the eu . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the the eea in the 1970 's is anything like the modern day eu ? 
  talk about deluded .
