  and also the women trapped in the refuge camps with the rapists . 
  or you know , let people make their own life choices without the state passing judgment on who should and should not be married . 
   crazy that not having a so leads to sexual assault and rape ... 
  i do n't think it is that , it is that combined with a total lack of respect for women and their rights that will lead to a an increase in sexual assaults . 
  whatever , i hope you get better at english in the near future . 
  to be fair , `` or even '' does change the meaning from a list to saying that poland is better than the others on the list . 
  to be precise what it means in this context is that poland is almost the same as germany and france . 
  what happens after they get eu citizenship ? 
  they will eventually get it without a change to the law then they can go where they please ( germany , france , uk ) . 
  urgh , this meme again . 
  the uk does have a constitution , it 's just not a codified one . 
  please look that up and familiarise yourself with the concept . 
  you think they 're going to take the time to brows reddit comment threads for police movements while they 're shooting ? 
  seriously , even if they see any footage , it will be minutes old and in a situation like this that makes it ancient history . 
  do you not understand what a scientific journal is ? 
  any results will be published for anyone to see . 
  but if we just stop paying now , they 'll have to take the uk to court to get the money . 
  i 'm sure we could drag that out until after we 've left the eu then do n't have to listen to the court . 
  implying that everyone who works for the eu is n't a massive hypocrite . 
  but i should be the one to decide if it is biased or not , not some mods with an ego complex . 
  that 's assuming the accusations being made against them are true , which given the speed and ferocity of this purge , i highly doubt they are . 
  more likely they 're just people he sees as obstacle to his taking over as dictator . 
  looks like nato needs to get all it 's nukes off turkish soil asap . 
  we do n't need a islamist dictator having nuclear capabilities . 
  turkey moving into the final phase of eliminating anyone who might be able to pass on the idea of secular democracy to the next generation . 
  urgh , it just gets worse . 
  if you really want it , fine , just build it away from those lovely brick houses in a field or industrial park or something . 
  just somewhere people do n't have to look at it . 
  good god that first one is the uglies thing i 've ever seen . 
  who ever approved to have that built right next to all those lovely old brick buildings should be shot . 
  that it 's likely the government encouraged the coup attempt in the first place to consolidate power . 
  that 's a very simplistic and somewhat inaccurate use of statistics . 
  the odds are only the same if you assume deaths from terrorism are random and distributed normally . 
  you can probably model road deaths in cites like that due to the high number of roads and people using them , but terrorist attacks can not be modeled that way . 
  firstly attacks are n't random , they 're chose for high concentrations of people in a concentrated area , usually on dates or at specific events that the attacker does n't like . 
  next , you end up with a small number of individual events with high death rates where as road incidents are far more numerous and have lower death rate . 
  without some way to adjust one figure to get it in terms of the other , you ca n't draw any statistics that can be meaningfully compared . 
  i do n't have the data , nor the time or probably the ability to work out the actually statics , if it 's even possible which it might not be given the number of variables and human choice in the matter , but your chance of dying from a terrorist attack is still far less than dying from being struck by a car . 
  firstly , just bombing them is n't acceptable , you 're deliberately killing civilians when their are options that would have fewer civilian death . 
  what they should be doing is using infantry to clear out hamas building by building from the ground . 
  this will still result in some civilian casualties , but far less than just indiscriminant bombing . 
  as i said , using infantry would be better than just bombing . 
  it 's not an all or nothing approach . 
  what ? 
  killing terrorists is fine . 
  what i object to would be if france had just started carpet bombing the coast of nice to kill him . 
  the french police handled the situation as best they could , the idf just bomb indiscriminately when there are better , but more difficult options open to them . 
  and you consider killing civilians acceptable . 
  and this is why i consider the idf no better than hamas . 
  both are terrorist organisations . 
  what ? 
  the military makes a conscious choice to bomb hospitals and schools , knowing it will kill civilians . 
  that is indefensible when there are other options available that would result in far fewer civilian casualties . 
  they 're just killing civilians because that 's the quickest , cheapest and easiest way to get the terrorists . 
  that 's not a price i think is justifiable . 
  if hama are hiding in schools and hospitals , which i 'd condemn , then you ca n't just shrug your shoulders and bomb it anyway . 
  if you want to take that objective , you should do it with as little casualties as possible . 
  this means ground offensives and clearing out hama 's building by building with infantry . 
  this will cost the lives of a lot of israeli service men but that 's the price you pay if you want that objective . 
  the soilers know the risks they take when they sign up , civilians are just in the wrong place at the wrong time , writing them off like cattle makes you no better than the terrorists . 
  their actions would suggest they are far from `` civilised '', 
  it 's called the israeli defence force . 
  known for targeting civilians , hospitals and schools . 
  hardly surprising if he was . 
  the military was actually the last bastion of liberal secularism . 
  since the formation of turkey , the military has pushed to be me european facing than many governments wanted . 
  it 's not too shocking that eurodan wanted to purge any that did n't subscribe to his future of religious fanaticism and cult worship . 
  hopefully the pure does n't get them all and one can still put a bullet in the tyrant . 
  exactly , they had no fighter aircraft support , they did n't take over all media outlets and they did n't capture or kill the president at the start . 
  the highest ranking officer that has fled is only a major . 
  this is looking more and more like eurodan and some of his generals engineered for some lower ranking officers to start this so eurodan could seize more power . 
  i just ca n't see any military officer starting this in the way they did unless they wanted to lose and i would n't put it past eurodan to do it . 
  this whole thing stinks to high heaven . 
  seriously ? 
  the eu , for it 's entire existence , has just stumbled from crisis to crisis , using stop gap measures to delay them as long as possible . 
  the only people that think the eu is a global power are the delusional eu fanatics . 
  step 4 : unify europe under british rule . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  that 's because junker has a fixed position , an pm is a fluid position . 
  the pm is n't really anyone special , they 're just the person that can command a majority by force of argument . 
  in theory , anyone can be the pm at anytime . 
  the position is completely fluid , changing depending on who can best lead the country . 
  the office junker sits in is a fixed position . 
  removing him would be extremely difficult and his power is separate and distinct to that of the parliament . 
  i can see how people think they 're the same , but the meaning is extremely different . 
  do n't be so hyperbolic . 
  we 'll end up with partial access to the single market canada has 99 % access , i expect we 'll get at least 90 % + access . 
  and i 'm telling you , any deal that keeps freedom of movement is politically impossible . 
  no one in the uk has the political capital to pull that off and not be thrown out of power by their own backbenchers or electorate . 
  not going to happen . 
  if we keep freedom of movement , ukip will just gain vote share until they can force a referendum to take us out of that . 
  the eea would , at best , be a 10 year delaying tactic , but no pm will do it because their own back benchers would just kick them out and put in someone who will end freedom of movement . 
   crashed the bank of england what !? 
  that makes no sense . 
   the uk has no written constitution we do have a constitution , just not a codified one , there 's a difference . 
   would need a parliamentary vote to repeat the 1972 european communities act . 
  true , but for the uk to leave the eu , the uk only has to activate article 50 . 
  from the eu 's point of view , that starts the clock on negotiations . 
  we could keep the 1972 ec act if we wanted and still end up leaving , but simply saying our mp 's not repealing it would stop brexit is wrong . 
  this really does n't matter .
