  a few major nations could step in and stabilize syria if they had the political will to do so . 
  however on a practical basis it will require co-operation , but i doubt the eu will be able to organise anything resembling a good response . 
  why do you assume further eu integration is good ? 
  could it be perhaps that some people have decided that the best thing for them is not to submit to the eu ? 
  if we 're claiming everything back then we claim you . 
  you have portugal ? 
  not all of us are , some of us support democracy . 
  how is that better ? 
  the pm 's job is to represent the british people and govern in their best interests . 
  there is nothing about `` developing what should be a common european sense '' . 
  it just shows yet again a disregard for democracy in the eu, 
   ~ ~ juncker is a scumbag . 
  he ~ ~ the eu does n't give a shit about democracy or sovereignty . 
  yeah , i recalled the details wrong , sue me . 
  still does n't take away from the fact there was a serious attempt by syrian rebel forces to acquire sarin that was foiled . 
  not hard to imagine that maybe they were able to get their hands on some in the 4 years since then . 
   what if it was not assad ? 
  what if it was putin ? 
  does this answer your `` why ? '', 
  assad and russia are allies , on this front their interests are the same . 
   why would the `` rebels '' use it on themselves ? 
  ok firstly there speculation that it was a chemical weapon dump that got him , not the rebels setting it off . 
  secondly , the rebels are n't one unified group , there 's about 12 different groups involved all of which fight each other as much as assad . 
   your claim that `` assad had nothing to gain '' is only true in hindsight . 
  no it 's not . 
  even if you think the us will do nothing it 's still a waste of recources on a worthless area . 
  he gave up loads of his chemical weapons so he only has a limited number left if he has any . 
  as such it makes sense to save them for key targets like aleppo , not some village in the middle of nowhere . 
   be honest , if i asked you 2 days ago whether trump would care about a chemical attack in syria , would you have answered `` yes '' ? 
  yes . 
  trumps entire policy has to be strong america . 
  bombing assad is strong , decisive and above all not what obama would do so trump loves the idea . 
   my argument was that he is trying to test the resolve of the americans . 
  it 's a pretty shitty argument . 
  assad is definatly winning but he has n't won yet , america turning against him could still end him . 
  why take that chance ? 
  you would n't . 
  you 'd just wait until your position was so secure the americans could n't affect the outcome without boots on the ground because we all know they wo n't do that . 
  anyway , that line of reasoning still leaves open all sorts of questiosn . 
  why wait until now to use it ? 
  why give it up in the firstpalce , why not just keep using chemical weapons ? 
  why use it on a village of no importance instead of somewhere it might be useful like aleppo ? 
  if you 've only got maybe one shot before a retaliation surely you 'd want to make it count . 
  plus if you use it in aleppo you throw doubt on if it was you or not . 
  no matter how you slice it using chemical weapons this way is just foolish . 
    dude . 
  read your own source . 
   a syrian national identified as hytham qassap , 35 , was in turkey trying to procure chemical materials for a pair of well-known islamist rebel blocs , al nusra front and the ahrar al-sham brigades i did , maybe you should take your own advice , just an idea . 
   your source : jack shit and russian propaganda sites that are not allowed on / r/europe which is still a better source that your own moral outrage . 
  what do you have ? 
  `` assad is a nasty man '' , `` my feels '' `` oh the humanity '' that 's your entire argument . 
  it 's tiring to argue with someone like you that rather than just stick to the debate wants to be passive aggressive at the same time . 
  be a grown up or get out . 
   wait till he meets the kurds which will happen . 
  will assad-russia be ok with splitting syria to give land to american backed kurds ? 
  so your argument is he used chemical weapons on these people , who are not kurds or anywhere near kurdistan , because he hates kurds ? 
   what ? 
  let me see a source on how al nusra was making sarin gas in the compound that got bombed . 
  i do n't have anything for that compound you pretensious prick but here 's a source saying al-nusra were trying to bring in sarin http://www.latimes.com/world/worldnow/la-fg-wn-syrian-rebels-sarin-gas-20130913-story.html also , can you provide any evidence it was assad that used the sairn . 
  i shall wait . 
  eh , not really . 
  we know the rebels have access to chemical weapons because they 've used them in the past . 
  hell , there 's good reason to suspect they were the ones that first used them . 
  obtaining them would n't too difficult either given the number of backers they have in the middle east that could ship the into the country . 
  the rest of the analysis is based of shaky video footage and second hand accounts of what happened , i 'm not putting too much stock in that until we get a more detailed report later , if we ever do . 
  until then i 'm going to run with the logical conclusion that assad did n't do it . 
  `` debunks '' calims it 's unlikely, 
  but this does not fit the pattern of use . 
  in the past they 've only ever used chemical weapon when they 're losing key battles , homs being the notable one . 
  they do n't just use them for the shit 's and giggles , they need a key aim , more so now because if he does have any left he 'll have very little and only want to use it when it really matters . 
  the village he attacked has no significant military value at all . 
  if you 've only got a little left surely you 'd save it for when you need to make big attacks against fortified positions like cites , not a village that had a single bomb factory in it . 
  anyway , if assad does n't think anyone will touch him why go through the trouble of giving up his chemical weapons in the first place ? 
  why wait until nw to use them ? 
  why attack a worthless village and show your hand ? 
  it just does n't make sense it was assad . 
  it still makes more sense that this idiotic idea that assad did it . 
  he had the most to lose and the rebels the most to gain from this . 
  it does not fit the pattern of use of chemical attacks by assad and it served no military purpose . 
  i still maintain that assad is innocent on this one . 
   whereas the west said everything pointed to the syrian government what evidence ? 
  there is n't any apart from footage of the aftermath . 
  what we know happened was assad was bombing a bomb making plant in the village then there was sarin everywhere . 
  it makes far more sense to think that the rebels were keeping sarin in the village than assad cheming it . 
   he could have tested trump 's resolution in not intervening . 
  why though ? 
  what could he gain from that ? 
  he 's already winning the war , he 's advancing everywhere . 
  he has zero reason to provoke the americans . 
  they 're not going to attack unless he gives them a reason and we all know they want a reason . 
   he could be running low on bombs . 
  he 's already using friggin barrel bombs because he ran out of ammunition . 
  that was years back when the regime was on the verge of collapse . 
  now they 've got russia as a friend giving them ammo and money to buy more and have taken back huge amounts of territory . 
   if you have a general that 's asked to find a quick solution and he has some chemical weapons about , well congrats ... 
  but that 's not how they 've used them in the past . 
  in the past they 've only ever used chemical weapon when they 're losing key battles , homs being the notable one . 
  they do n't just use them for the shit 's and giggles , they need a key aim , more so now because if he does have any left he 'll have very little and only want to use it when it really matters . 
  the village that this all happened at was way out past the front line , miles from being invaded so it was n't used to soften it up for invasion . 
  the only thing of military value in the village was a bomb making plant which they were bombing .
