ok cool . 
  i just have to prove a negative , a logical impossibility . 
  sure whatever . 
  [ this ] ( http://europa.eu/eu-law/decision-making/treaties/index_en.htm ) is a link to a page which has links to every eu treaty . 
  in none of them does it give the eu the power over any member countries welfare distribution . 
  there is my claim and evidence . 
  your turn . 
   if you make a claim , be ready to back it with facts my claim is that there is nothing in the eu treaties that give it the power to do what it is doing . 
  how would you like me to prove a negative exactly ? 
  shall i copy and paste the context of every eu treaty onto this sub ? 
  i 'll do that if that 's what you want but you 're in for a dull read . 
   if you 're going to tell me it 's because of us i 'm going to call `` bullshit '' on that . 
  for me personally , no , your admittance is n't why i want to leave . 
  i support democracy so i find myself in direct conflict with the eu 's existence which is why i 'll vote to leave . 
  however , your admittance is a symptom of the eu 's failure to understand how free movement of people can function . 
  free movement only really works if it is between equals . 
  countries that have a very similar standard of living with similarly developed economies . 
  for a time this worked well amongst western europe , the problems with the policy began when the former soviet sphere countries began to join . 
  they had far less developed economies and a standard of living well below that of western europe . 
  this resulted , quite predictably , in a influx of peoples from east to west . 
  anyone could see this coming and western countries have suffered from this ever since . 
  this is the main reason for the anti eu feeling amongst many . 
   the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the member state ( s ) concerned . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't see how they are able to do something to the benefit of one member state by disadvantaging the others that are not concerned parties in all this . 
  it seems like the best the eu could do is to give aid perhaps , but actively disadvantaging others seems outside their mandate . 
   without one single thought about the fact that you could be wrong . 
  you must be new to debating . 
  hi , i 'm / u/0zyamndiasss and i 've put forward a position that i have come to from the best of my knowledge . 
  from what i know , the eu does not have legitimacy over domestic affairs of its members which would make any quota system or fines irrelevant . 
  ok , so as you can see i 've done my bit . 
  i 've said what i think from what i know , the debate has begun . 
  now , you 're next . 
  you do n't like my conclusion so what you should do is use your knowledge to point out that the eu does have legitimacy , or argue that this is n't a domestic matter , you pick which argument you want to pursue . 
  what you should do then is make your case to me , then i 'll read it and come back with a reply . 
  now , throughout all of this , we both have opinions , that ' what debating is . 
  setting two opinions against each other and discussing their merits . 
  so , if i make the case that this is an infringement of sovereignty , you either accept it or counter it and explain why you * think * i 'm wrong . 
  ok ok , i think that 's good . 
  do you want to have another go at debating the points i made ? 
  `` ever closer union '' was only put into the lisbon treaty in 2009 . 
  before that , countries could decide how much political co-operation they wanted . 
  now , resistance is futile . 
  if you say you 've had enough , you get shouted at for being an obstructionist . 
  the sooner we leave this sinking ship the better . 
   the eu was never simply about free trade yes it was . 
  free trade of goods , services and labour , not deciding how a country should spend its welfare . 
   it was about bringing peace and unity to a continent ripped apart by war . 
  yes , by using free trade to make it impossible for one country to mobilise without the others knowing . 
   how do you uphold free movement without having an international discussion about the national immigration policies ? 
  this is n't an immigration issue , this is a domestic issue . 
  the eu wants to shuffle people around different countries . 
  firstly overlooking the slightly scary idea of the eu deciding where people can and can not go , what is essentially happening is other countries are being forced to use their welfare state to support these migrants because the eu said so . 
  i do n't recall the treaty that let the eu decide how countries use their welfare . 
  look , you do n't want to get into a contest of `` who should n't have been allowed in the eu '', 
  where is the treaties does the eu have the right to decide on how a country distributes its welfare ? 
  ah , so the eu can just assume legitimacy over anything because it wants to ? 
  fucking scary dystopian shit here . 
  can you show me where in the treaties the eu is given the power to dictate how countries allocate their housing and welfare to people ? 
  because regardless of what you think that is what is happening here and if the eu does n't have the authority it must be stopped . 
  sadly yes , they 're just in the wrong place . 
  what they need to do is catalog all refugees , giving them an id that logs where they are fleeing . 
  keep them in a camp until the country they are fleeing is safe to send them back . 
  if they refuse to give details , detain them for entering the country illegally until they give a location . 
  what every one else needs to do is sit down and help fix syria . 
  we need to either support assad or send in our own ground army , there are no other viable options . 
  we all need to decide which pile of shit we want to eat and get on with it , dragging out the situation only makes the final solution we decide on more costly . 
  we joined a free trade area , not what the eu has turned into , that 's why we 're having a referendum . 
  as i said elsewhere , i do n't think the eu has legitimate authority over this area . 
  i see it as a domestic issue , outside the scope of the eu 's mandate . 
  any vote on the topic is meaningless . 
  the eu agreed to work together on regulatory matters . 
  as far as i am concerned this falls into a domestic affairs problem and i do n't recognise any eu legitimacy on the issue . 
  this is a problem that should be up to each country to decide if they will house and fund these people . 
  that would have avoided so many problems . 
  still , it speaks to the mind set of the eu . 
  `` oh , you decided you did n't want the quota system . 
  that 's ok i guess , democracy and all that . 
  oh , by the way , we 're going to fine you for not going with our plan . 
  why ? 
  because fuck you and your freedom of choice that 's why ! '', 
   albania  muslim top kek, 
  because there are hundreds of thousands of migrants washing up on the southern shore of europe . 
  we can either house them indefinitely , sink their ships as they come over , or fix syria so they do n't have a reason to come and we can happily deport them all perfectly legally . 
   it 's not like they 'll ever thank us for our efforts . 
  true , but i 'd rather them be ungrateful towards us from hundreds of miles away than round the corner . 
  they wo n't be happy regardless , so lets try and make life easy on ourselves . 
  * sigh * what should be blindingly obvious to anyone with half a brain , is that i meant we have to focus our efforts on syria , rather than the med . 
  you can have quotas all you like , but it 's not a long term solution . 
  we either have to back assad or send in our own ground troops . 
  there are no other viable options for stabilizing the region . 
  so rather than have all the media attention on boats , we need to have a serious conversation about which pile of shit we want to eat because there are no good options . 
  not in danger , not our problem . 
   i 'm not going to stand here then find a door and fuck off somewhere , i really could n't give a shit . 
  all the more reason to fix syria and end this migrant crisis . 
  once peace is achieved there , we can send them all home . 
  the uk did not support eastern expansion , the blair administration did . 
  he was consistently out of step with his parties core voters on the issue which has lead them into trouble now . 
   democratic deficit yes we do have a democratic deficit but nothing near as bad as the eu . 
  the fact remains that we can fix our democratic deficit , the eu is unfixable due to corruption and foolish idealists like yourself,
