  what i take issue with is that the eu will require some form of cash payment for zero tariffs . 
  you pointed to norway as an example but they 're far more heavily involved with the eu than we want to be . 
  but i 'd rather not have a trade deal at all than bow down to the pseudo-democratic abomination that is the eu . 
  the sooner we are free to make our own decisions the better . 
  there 's a difference between reform and fair reform . 
  cap is still primarily there to prop up inefficient french farming . 
  that 's why it was created and why france fights tooth and nail for it . 
  but there can be no negotiation when france and germany just sit there and say no . 
  that would be as far as negotiations go . 
  personally i 'm glad he got a shit deal . 
  everyone can see that the eu does n't care about us and we 'll be better of out . 
  cameron 's incompetence and eu pig headedness has done the brexit movement no end of good . 
  that sounds like the eu . 
  dare to defy it and it 'll try to crush you . 
  how caring , a brotherhood of free nations indeed . 
  personally i do n't care about a trade deal . 
  my reasons for leaving are simply that i believe in democracy ao ca n't support the eu . 
  yeah , because he know that no mater what , those things can never be negotiated . 
  why waste time ? 
  we wo n't have to pay for single market access . 
  eu to uk exports put many counties into a trade surplus , they wo n't want to lose that . 
  we 'll have free market access with none of the undemocratic brussels nonsense . 
  what is your point ? 
  it say that norway participates in several eu institutions and grants so pays in . 
  we do n't want that so we 'll keep our money thanks . 
  every country that export to any other has to meet their regulations , that 's how trade works . 
  why on earth you think we 'd pay is beyond me . 
  norway pays for the free movement of people , not something we want . 
  but we know that any proposal we put forward would be blocked . 
  try to make the cap fairer ? 
  nope , france will block it every time . 
  try to get a single financial market ? 
  nope , germany will block it because they ca n't compete with the uk in financial services like they can in industry . 
  that 's what i was saying . 
  no one in the uk will care if anyone that leaves for another country does n't get any benefits for 4 years . 
  you wo n't find anyone objecting to that in the uk . 
  cameron is by no means a eurosceptic . 
  he is by far one of the most europhilic conservatives . 
  he did n't want a referendum and had to promise one at the ge because of ukip . 
  he then did n't expect to win a majority and was counting on dropping it in coalition talks . 
  they , like scotland , would probably have to apply for membership as a separate country . 
  anyone got a blue eyes overlay ? 
  how is moving from separate rooms to separate buildings in any way progress ? 
  sadly i wo n't be able to make it this week so japan is free for anyone that wants to try clean the mess up . 
  not really . 
  firstly because you wo n't be using your whole army so you 'd be limiting your strategic options from the start and secondly , and more importantly , you 're massively simplifying your logistics , which is 90 % of what it takes to win a war . 
  they 're the best kind . 
  these practices came about during the cold war so lets go back to then . 
  imagine if they did this against the us during the cold war and a spy got hold of this plan without realising it was just a test . 
  from their perspective , the soviets have a fully draw up plan with dates on , it looks like wwiii is ready to kick off . 
  they send back the plan to the us which immediately responds to this imminent attack by going to defcon 2 . 
  the soviets freak out at seeing the americans gear up for war , in response they mobilize all their forces and prepare to counter attack into west germany . 
  the americans see the soviets on the brink of war and send in reserve forces to strengthen the front line against any soviet advance . 
  congratulations , we 're now on the bring of wwiii over a test run . 
  now it 's just carried on because when something like this leaks , it 's better to have diplomatic fall out with a small country than a major one . 
  german auto industry would be demanding it . 
  there are several countries with which uk trade put them into a surplus . 
  reduce it and they 'll start running a trade deficit so they 'll be open to the idea . 
  the only reason i can think why europe would reject such a deal is to `` send a message '' to other eu countries . 
  personally , if the rest of europe is so petty and power hungry to refuse one , then i would n't want to be in any union or deal with them anyway . 
  refusing would just be showing that the eu is weak and needs to put on a show of strength to keep it from falling apart in the wake of the first exit . 
  we 're in an interesting place with this deal . 
  it does n't get anywhere near satisfying conservative eurosceptics ( and does nothing for liberal eurosceptics ) so cameron is going to really have to sell this to people over the next few days and weeks . 
  the problem comes about if the other eu leaders wo n't sign off on the deal . 
  if they do n't agree to it and demand large revisions , cameron will be made to look like and idiot after all his talk and it will almost certainly guarantee a leave victory . 
  for there to be any chance of the uk staying , eu leaders have to accept this and only make very minor revisions to it so cameron can sell it . 
  either way , i think a june referendum is inevitable now . 
  if it has to be pushed back to for the deal to be watered down then it wo n't be much of a referendum , just a formality before separation . 
  that just means we 're in for so realy cool tech upgrades . 
  constant fear of war , but really cool experimental tech . 
  not really . 
  if we set up a free trade agreement , all we 're doing is not charging tariffs . 
  yes , we 'll have to meet eu standards to sell products there but we have to do that for other countries too . 
   and still pay to eu budget no we wo n't . 
  norway is much closer to the eu than an independent uk would be . 
  we 'd literally have the trade deal and nothing else . 
  to be fair the first time was only a relatively small strip in france and the second time we focused on destroying cites more than woodland . 
  large businesses want to stay in the eu . 
  small and medium sized bussiness [ are evenly split on the issue . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/01/25/eu-referendum-small-businesses-more-eurosceptic/ )  the truth is that estimating the economic impact of britain leaving the eu is guesswork at best . 
  no-one really knows what kind of trade deal would ensue . 
  pessimists claim britain 's partners on the continent would want to inflict as much punishment as possible on a departing member `` pour encourager les autres , '' as voltaire put it ; and they may well be correct . 
  optimists argue that other countries have healthy trading ties with the eu without the obligations of membership , and that argument also has merit . 
  this is the most important part of the article . 
  the eu affects so many things , has so many variables , that predictions can at best give a scenario with a probability attached to it . 
  to pretend that there is any certainty about a brexit is just being partisan . 
  [ there are ways around that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16st4yv43cs ), 
   when schengen countries figures out a solution the only solution will be to either have a common border policy , which will further fuel euroscepticism , or to abolish schengen in which case we 'll just stand there a smirk and try not to say `` we told you so . '', 
  no , just the editor . 
  that 's because you 're basically swedish anyway . 
  what i always think people miss in this debate is that these people are not and should not be here forever . 
  they have come here as a safe harbour from war in syria and iraq . 
  once these wars are over we can quite happily deport them back to their own countries . 
  this brings us back to the point , that to solve the migrant crisis , we must stabilize the middle east . 
  more specifically , we need to stabilize syria and destroy is . 
  now with syria , i see only two possible outcomes . 
  we either support assad or we occupy the country . 
  both are pretty horrible solutions but we must pick one quickly . 
  if we support assad we have to help him in dealing with the rebels and is so that he can re-assert control over the region . 
  he 's a pretty horrid man that has committed war crimes but we do n't have to worry about him exterminating minorite he does n't like when this is over .
