  activating article 50 is a foreign policy decision , as such , it falls within the royal prerogative powers . 
  any future pm can just go to the eu , active article 50 , then fly home . 
  nothing can stop brexit at that point , mp can either then vote to keep the european communities act or not , but at that point , keeping it would be pointlessly restrictive . 
  i 'm not condoning it , i 'm just saying they have n't actually made a promise there . 
  you might be able to nail them for deliberately misleading , but that 's about it . 
  that 's not actually a promise to do so though . 
  that 's just saying it would be nice to do it . 
  it 's very good at making you think there 's a promise there , but there 's no commitment there at all . 
  london wo n't leave , that 's just a reddit meme , scotland might , depends on when it is held and under what economic conditions for both the uk and eu . 
  however if they did want to do that then i 'm fine with it . 
  if they think the best way for them to progress is independence then good luck to them . 
  ok , sorry for the confusion . 
  i hold my representatives to account by voting them in our out of office . 
  i could not do that with an mep ( closed list systems are terrible things ) and the mep 's did n't have the power to propose legislation on areas the eu controlled . 
  my mp will now be able to table laws relating to those areas , giving me more ways to control the future of the country through them . 
  well , what are you wanting them held accountable for exactly ? 
  they never said `` we will fund the nhs x amount '' , they just said we could do this , this or this . 
  it 's also hard to say they misled people because we could indeed fund the nhs an extra # 350 million a week if we wanted to , the deficit would increase as our eu membership would n't cover it , but it could be done . 
  so , what do you want them held accountable for ? 
   how exactly do you do that ? 
  the people i vote for now have to power to represent me , mep 's did not . 
   by the way , you 're talking about `` representative democracy '' , not `` direct democracy '' . 
  yes , we used direct democracy to get better representative democracy . 
  so much wrong with that statement . 
  yes , i can now vote out the person that decides all our laws farage is n't an mp so hold no power so i 'm not sure what i 'm holding him to account for . 
  lying is n't illegal . 
  also , he did n't lie because he was n't part of the leave.eu campaign which made that statement . 
  also leave.eu never actually said they 'd give the nhs # 350 million , they just said that we give the eu # 350 million and that on an unrelated note , we should also increase nhs funding . 
  that 's not a promise to raise funding by any amount , just saying we probably should . 
  finally no i do n't think that was a good tactic to use and i do n't support it . 
  the destruction of the eu hopefully . 
  not when i can now hold my representatives to account it 's not . 
  the uk became a more democratic country , that 's all i care about . 
  coming from someone that 's tied to the eu . 
  you 'll be need that a bit more than us here . 
  you have to remember that 's a 12 point drop immediately after the result . 
  once the market gets over the shock of it all and we have stability return with the government setting out a clear plan of action , loads of uncertainty will be gone and it will rise again . 
  it 's really not as bad as the hivemind circlejerk is saying . 
  it 's stabilized at just under 1.4 to the dollar , which while not great , it 's not indicative of a coming recession . 
  watch in the coming days when everyone has calmed down and then tell me how shit everything is . 
  so much salt , it 's hilarious . 
  [ do you hear the people sign ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmynfqlf1h8 ), 
  bbc called it for leave, 
  this way i can talk in one sub and shit post in another at the same time . 
  ayyy , we look forward to it 's impending collapse . 
  seriously , fuck voice recognition software, 
  so long eu, 
  we 're just the vanguard . 
  when we 've left and stabilised , expect others to take the plunge . 
  rip eu project . 
  i can taste the salt from the downvoters from here . 
  with high turn out you get students who will help remain . 
  if it goes higher , we 'll be getting people voting who never vote in the ge because they hate the system and think their vote is meaningless who will help leave . 
  remain should have had about a 8-10 % lead . 
  leave have smashed their predictions in newcastle , 65k remain , 63k leave, 
  sampling from newcastle is showing leave doing much better than expected . 
  marginal result in newcastle + large sunderland leave brexit 's coming home lads, 
  if they just ignored a leave vote , then expect a lot of justified violence . 
  a lot of mp 's will probably , quite rightly , end up dead . 
  parliament wo n't just ignore the will of the people for fear of what would happen if they did . 
  no , you called everyone that would vote to leave the eu idiots . 
  shout down your political opponent 's as idiots , classy . 
  it could n't be that they care about democracy more than you ? 
  who 's there ? 
  alas so . 
  apparently i 'm a dumb immigrant hating far right fascist that has been indoctrinated by the daily mail to hate the eu . 
  any suggestion that i can come to the reasoned conclusion that we 'd be better off out on my own is nonsense . 
  ooh , you can taste the salt from the downvotes, 
  it 's the current year !, 
  the referendum will confirm people have accepted what the eu has done up until 23rd june 2016 . 
  we can happily object to anything that come after that and no one can say what the people think of it until we have another referendum . 
  hell , that 's what i think will happen . 
  after the vote , the new pm will be from the eurosceptic side of the tory party . 
  i fully expect the veto to be applied a lot more liberally . 
  ok , we 'll just dump them on the next ferry back . 
  sorry , i 'm do n't the wrong thread . 
  [ this is the poll i was on about ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/britainelects/status/744263099595755520 ) . 
  the change in it has been attributed to more people think brexit will hurt their finances . 
  no , this poll was done on the thursday she died and the following friday . 
  to the colonial age ? 
  you ca n't seriously think that surely ? 
  hahahahahaha . 
  oh wow , i love how you 've come on here making these wild assumptions about me . 
  what agenda do i promote ? 
  i think you 'll find i 've not said anything like what you accuse me off because i always wait before jumping to a conclusion . 
  but your comment is brilliant , dripping with irony . 
  you ca n't see that you 're the hypocrite can you ? 
  you 've come on here , shouting at me for daring to act as you are now . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  you 're condemning me for not jumping to a conclusion now , when you are doing the opposite to what you accuse me of . 
  in an islamist attack , you would n't blame the idea of islam for the attack , yet here you blame those who talk against the eu . 
  do n't worry , you 're not alone , look down this thread and you 'll fine dozens , nay hundreds of hypocrites just like you . 
  the two are intertwined if you want to get into semantics . 
  let 's just be thankful people are thinking about this vote and not letting this one act influence it . 
  thank fuck for that . 
  it seems we 're not going to let a terrorist influence the outcome of our referendum . 
  yeah , i can be opposed to more that one thing at a time . 
  the argument also has to overlook the fact that the lords can not block legislation , they are totally subservient to the house of commons in that respect . 
  ayyy .
