  but , when you apply a bit of thought to the situation , you realise that the police that were deployed to the high crime areas were dealing with , guess what , crimes !, 
  oh , did you predict this exact train station on this date with these numbers ? 
  no , you did n't . 
  i 'm talking about the specifics of the event not the abstract , was that so difficult to understand ? 
  to be fair this is something that was n't expected so was n't planned for . 
  imagine you 're in charge of deploying the police on nye . 
  most of the problems will be violence from drunk people so i 'd deploy a large number of my forces to the areas with the pubs and clubs in . 
  i 'd also put a large number on the road around the city to stop drunk driving . 
  now the train station is n't what i 'd think of as a hot spot for drunken crime . 
  also , it always has a police presence for terror threat reasons . 
  if there 's no intel suggesting an attack on the train station that night then i 'm not going to deploy many extra force there that might be of more use elsewhere . 
  this all comes back to this being unexpected which is why it was n't planned for . 
  i think that will change now though , but the german police do need extra money to do it effectively . 
  oh oh , i do n't mean boris island , that 's a ridiculous idea . 
  it 'd be hugely environmentally damaging , not to mention ludicrously expensive to build in the middle of the estuary . 
  i mean build one further out , possibly along the hs2 line . 
  either that or just have lots of smaller , 2 runway airports , with heathrow being the biggest . 
  oh , also while we 're on the subject of air travel , i 'd like to see a ban on all internal uk flights after an upgrade to rail infrastructure . 
  cut down on pointless flight routes and free up spaces for international flights . 
  is there a law in america or the uk that excludes people from serving in two governments ? 
  in other words , could boris b ( before he gave up us citizenship ) be the uk prime minister and president of the usa at the same time ? 
  there 's a thought . 
   it 's the only somewhat practical way of increasing air capacity in the region . 
  i do n't think it is to be honest primarily because by the time it 's built , it 'll need a 4th runway as well . 
  the best solution would be just build a brand new airport with 6 runways just outside london . 
  give great transport links to london and you 're set for the next 50-80 years . 
  it 'll cost more initially but it 'll fix this problem for a generation or 2 . 
  or the old people living . 
   it 's an iffy practice to just pick certain laws out and try to draw legal conclusions from them . 
  hypocrite . 
  that 's exactly what you just did in your comment above . 
   the term ` human dignity ' , i give you that is a bit more complicated given that dignity is a relative concept then yes , it s far more complex . 
   why let this stop you from just blabbering . 
  your entire `` counter argument '' is mostly meaning less blabber without addressing the point . 
   german constitution allows to deport for serious ( < - ! ), 
  convictions . 
  you do n't consider sexual assault a serious conviction ? 
   sending someone back to a country where their life may be endangered . 
  if they break the law in a country that 's harbouring them , then unless they can prove in a court that they will most likely die if they go back , then back they go . 
  if they can prove that going back will get them killed then we can imprison them until it 's safe for them to return . 
   also keep in mind that there is a whole new clusterfuck of aspects as soon as minors are involved . 
  if it 's safe for them to go back then the children will go back with them . 
  if they go to prison then the children will be put into care . 
  problem solved . 
   i could do this all day by the way no , no you ca n't . 
   ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
  so why is n't germany going around the world liberating people ? 
  there are billions of people around the world that are lacking human dignity , where is germany ? 
  why is your budget and economy not entirely devoted to helping these people ? 
  when one person violates another 's dignity , their subsequent imprisonment is a loss of dignity in itself , therefore unconstitutional . 
  ( i can do this all day by the way . ), 
  under international law , if a refugee violates the laws of their protector county , they lose their refugee status . 
  at this point their deportation is justified . 
   no one tries to explain migration problem by poverty or lack of education , usually it 's `` they are muslim '' or `` they are arab '' . 
  i do as do many others . 
  i do n't think these migrants do what they do because they are inherently bad people or because of their skin colour or faith makes them bad people , but people are a product of their environment . 
  these people have grown up with little education in a culture that is over a century behind ours . 
  they have grown up used to the idea that women do not have the same right as them and are looked down upon . 
  this is n't going to change overnight . 
  you 'd need extensive re education classes for these migrants to fit in fully , it usually takes decades and generations for that to happen . 
  the more migrants you take , the fewer ( % wise ) will westernise . 
  what we really need to do is register them better , with a full database that lists where they say they are from . 
  as most will say syria , we need to stabilise syria then they can be returned there . 
  this migration problem should be looked at as a short term problem with the solution being sending them back to their homes when it 's at peace . 
  we talk about it as thought they are going to be here forever , they wo n't / should n't be . 
  as far as your election goes i think it need reform of the electoral college . 
  change it to direct election of the president on a one vote per american citizen living in anywhere and scrap the current state electoral vote system . 
  as for this election , i can see trump winning the republican nomination . 
  i 'd like to see bernie win for the democrats but i think hillary will take it . 
  so i 'd say it 'll end up been trump vs hilary . 
  in the end i think hilary will win but by a much closer margin than people would think . 
  trumps tapps into the dissatisfaction with the politics hilary represents and will get a good showing from previous none voters . 
  did i limit my statement to saying it was just the ira ? 
  no , all sides were horrid but the statement  the ira never intended to kill innocent civilians . 
  is a blatant lie . 
  they , along with the unionists , targeted civilians deliberately . 
  claiming that either side were the good guys is just blatantly partizan . 
  also , can i have a source on those figures please . 
  well done , you kept on right side of believable for so long . 
  this put you over the line though . 
  good point . 
  there 's just so much wrong there . 
  more guns would have made the situation 10x worse , if you ca n't see that then i feel sorry for you . 
  our gun laws work for us , we 're not big fans of massacres here . 
  depend on how they go about it . 
  if the ira only targeted military or government institutions then i would n't have as much of a problem with them as i do . 
  they 'd be fighting against the arms of the state . 
  but they did n't , they attacked civilians which make them cowards above all . 
  same way i do n't blame the taliban for planting road side bombs to hit american and british forces , it 's what i 'd do as well , i just object to targeting civilians . 
  yes but the rocket is in ireland . 
  only in american borders . 
  this is in ireland where your constitution is on par with toilet paper as a legal document . 
  from wiki  gender imbalance may result in the threat of social unrest , especially in the case of an excess of low-status young males unable to find spouses the source for this redirects to [ valerie m. hudson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valerie_m._hudson ) , noting her book [ * bare branches * ] ( https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/bare-branches ) about the negative effects of china 's overabundance of males . 
  hope this helped . 
  from wiki  gender imbalance may result in the threat of social unrest , especially in the case of an excess of low-status young males unable to find spouses the source for this redirects to [ valerie m. hudson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valerie_m._hudson ) , noting her book [ * bare branches * ] ( https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/bare-branches ) about the negative effects of china 's overabundance of males . 
  hope this helped . 
  from wiki  gender imbalance may result in the threat of social unrest , especially in the case of an excess of low-status young males unable to find spouses the source for this redirects to [ valerie m. hudson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valerie_m._hudson ) , noting her book [ * bare branches * ] ( https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/bare-branches ) about the negative effects of china 's overabundance of males . 
  hope this helped .
