  maybe he was too strict , maybe some policies were mistakes , maybe he could have done some things better , but he was guided by the love for his nation first and by devotion to his religion second and there is no denying that . 
   probably because if we went with one side then we would be invaded by the other you should thank god for a reasonable man like salazar in that terrible era of warmongering . 
  other armies can always be asked to help if need be . 
  the idea of having the world 's largest army is awesome , but the effect it could have on member states ' independence is what i would be afraid of . 
  [ what could have been ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/hr/6/6a/trijalisti\u010dka_zastava_tri_grba.jpg ), 
   okay , listen , turns out , it 's too much for me right now to deal with all of this . 
  deal with what ? 
  he said it himself , he was n't aiming to be in power , he was aiming to get britain out of the eu . 
  his job is done . 
   they are assuring the passengers that everything will be fine and jolly i do n't think the purpose of brexit is to make everything `` fine and jolly '' and that to think everyone who voted leave aims for that is to misunderstanding those people . 
  it is not about well-being , it is about staying true to certain principles . 
  with most people getting a woman pregnant is just a way to get a child and raising a child is the real goal . 
  farage 's goal was to get the uk out of the eu , independence from the eu is to him something valuable in and of itself . 
  so it is n't really a fair comparison . 
  this truly is a memetastic year . 
  what is wrong with racism if it does n't necessarily mean violence , discrimination or hurting someone 's feelings ? 
  that 's pretty great , most slavic languages work the same way as well . 
  denmark and finland are best nordic . 
  ideally i would n't want either in london , just as i would n't want neither british nor muslims in vilnius , but they are definitely not the same in that respect since lithuanians are much more similar to the british than the arabs and they are much more likely to integrate . 
  i thought this was posted in you know which sub , but knew something was wrong when i saw how haram the comic was . 
  does anyone else find it triggering when americans present central europe as eastern europe ? 
  the nordic countries have a great economic model that is able to provide a high standard of living , i will give them that . 
  empathy , empathy , empathy ... and then i am accused of advocating ideas just for the sake of feeling good . 
  but yes , we do fundamentally disagree and there is no way of getting past that . 
  you `` hold these truths to be self-evident '' so to say while i do n't . 
  i think such an attitude where you simply take things to be true is ironically religious in nature but liberalism ca n't play the role of a religion and does n't aim for the same purpose so i dismiss it . 
  ask yourself this , what is an individual worth ? 
  if someone is worth something where does that worth stem from ? 
  the vast majority of people are not worth much , they can die at any moment and it would be as if they ha never existed . 
  of course , everyone has the potential to achieve value , but where does that value come from ? 
  it comes from society . 
  an artist is nobody if there is n't anyone to admire their works , an inventor or a scientist is a nobody if people do n't use what they have invented or preserve what they have discovered , everyone has value according to what they contribute to society and a strong state is needed to enable everyone to focus their energy on something that really matters . 
  individually we are all just sticks crushed under the feet of time , our time is short and our lives meaningless , but if we come together into a bundle we can at least hope that the greater whole will mean more . 
  we can unite over a lot of things , the state itself , the nation , culture , ethnicity , religion ... but if we are not devoted to something greater than ourselves we are not much more than selfish animals who are not living , but only surviving . 
  it 's not about feeling good , it 's just the opposite , it is about realizing that you are insignificant and that you need to devote yourself to something better than yourself . 
  and you ca n't dismiss something people live and die for , something that gives life and the world meaning , as a social construct . 
  countries are real , they are shaped by countless generations , formed by historic currents , build on relations between people and on values of whole cultures , and just because bettering ourselves as a group cares risks with it does n't mean we should give up , especially when wars were fought for freedom and equality the same way , but with less meaning . 
  the theories of equality and rights and freedoms on which liberalism is based are pipe dreams and ironically pseudo religious . 
  we are not equal and if in some sense we are it means very little and freedom and rights are meaningless if they are not granted by a higher authority if they even exist . 
  i actually am a fascist . 
  you got me . 
   what a coincidence then that all the best countries in the world are liberal democracies . 
  the best countries in the world today are china and singapore . 
  assad 's syria would be great if it was n't for isis . 
  iran is n't what it used to be but it 's still alright . 
  japan is a great country , but that is more due to the nature of the people and its culture than to the political system and even that declined after ww2 . 
  after that i do n't know , cuba has been holding up ok , but beyond that i am not sure . 
  1 ) because some non democratic systems are worse than democracy and some are better than democracy . 
  2 ) because people should be more concerned about the well being of their countries than their own well being . 
  moving anywhere because you think you would be better of there instead of trying to improve your country is ultimately selfish . 
  giving more power to the president is not ending democracy . 
  it means less democracy and it can be used as a stepping stone for ending democracy which is probably erdogan 's goal , but it is not ending democracy . 
  except for the stalinists , titoists , maoists ... 
  liberalism is a self destructive system that drags everything it can with it and that is precisely why it needs to be destroyed . 
  [ what about these two ? 
  [ something like this ? 
  much better than the croatian one , the croatian one spends way too much time mocking croatia while this one makes me think finland is awesome . 
  edit : ok , i watched a few more of them , finland seems to be the exception , they are mostly bad . 
  it was n't until the 60s that the majority of austrians considered themselves non-germans . 
  mexico was n't ever included in austria hungary , the monarchs of the two countries were just brothers . 
  we did n't start ww2 though . 
   its because it never ended . 
  its just a little more subtle now . 
  neocolonialism is a different thing from colonialism though and it is infinitely worse if you ask me because it is not done by countries led by ideals , it is done by soulless corporations and a system that relies on selfishness . 
  the main thing that helped singapore succeed was its political system that put the nation and higher ideals above multinational corporations and capitalism . 
  asian nations in general have meritocratic traditionalist spirits while africans do n't have a lot of historical experience in building strong states . 
  not well , but at least it 's not africa . 
  and it 's not like 100 % of the blame lies in colonization as a lot of problems arose later or could have been solved relatively easily . 
  look at singapore and what it was able to achieve . 
  than look at ethiopia which was never really colonized , it is in the same problems as other african nations . 
  [ sounds fun . 
  * african ex-colonies other colonies are doing better . 
  eastern turkey is not europe . 
   how is saying that a good idea ? 
  because his popularity relies on controversy . 
   and i see little to no difference between reading your shitty comment or some neo nazi telling me how good nazi germany was i 'm not a neo nazi , but i do n't see nazi germany as being any worse than the ussr . 
  the problem is that you are still advocating for democratic values , just not direct democracy . 
  the ussr also turned russia from a backwards feudal country into an empire that had control over half of the world and that was capable of being in a space race with the us . 
  from my point of view democracy is what is bad . 
  it will happen sooner or later . 
  the only way to keep democracy indefinitely is to dive into hypocrisy and make it less democratic . 
  [ you need this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl7cv8nbbmy&amp;bpctr=1500138398 ), 
  tito really was n't that bad . 
  and i say that as a croatian nationalist . 
  well it did get rid of rabies because of it . 
  that reminds me of a joke where architects from different countries brag about how fast they can dig a tunnel and it ends with a bosnian saying that when they start digging from two sides of a mountain , after the same length of time you end up having two tunnels for the price of one . 
  even montenegro has more people in the parliament doing their jobs , how the hell did this happen to us :(, 
  help us get bosnia and herzegovina and maybe some of slovenia and you have yourself a deal . 
  then we can go on to establish italian dominance in the mediterranean . 
  [ no  :( ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/jadran_je_na\u0161.jpg ), 
  how about you do n't take our land and instead we become allies and both crown zvonimir ii/prince amadeo as a monarch ? 
  not me . 
  democracy is overrated . 
   i do n't get why people do n't think about fascism in italy as a dictatorship . 
  i have n't seen anyone on either side claim this . 
  fascism is opposed to democracy , why would anyone supporting mussolini care if he came to power democratically ? 
  the legality of fascism coming to power matters much more than what the masses think . 
   do you expect us to celebrate the day fascism was established ? 
  i would love that , mussolini was a great man .
