i do n't live so far away so i 'm thankful . 
  beautiful, 
  i 'm too lazy to check , but i think the hungarian one has the same design as well . 
  it 's basically the same thing . 
  how is pizza with eggs weird ? 
  you can always go to a pizzeria , but there 's nothing like a homemade pizza with 70 % crust . 
  do you actually serve pizza like that in restaurants in hungary ? 
  paprika\u0161 with sour cream ? 
  we call guly\u00e1s paprika\u0161 and p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt perkelt . 
  i think gula\u0161 could be translated as stew . 
  i hope we wo n't have troubles with this in croatia . 
  i 'm from osijek , eastern croatia and it 's not so bad here . 
  i expect it to be worse closer to slovenia , but that 's just winter for you . 
  it is a beautiful city , i would suggest anyone to visit it , 
  i 'm from croatia and i disapprove what she did in every possible way . 
  so cinnamon price is going up ? 
  that 's not very good either . 
  why sadly ? 
  why ? 
   are n't you convieniantly ignoring that people have different opinions on what is best for the country ? 
  if we look at a nation as just a bunch of people , yes . 
  but i do n't want a nation to just be a bunch of people on the same place , a nation should be a mechanism , an organism , a machine , a greater whole . 
   ok , i get the theory here , and i conceede it would be more democratic but ... you would have a clusterfuck of a government . 
  how are you going to negotiate a budget with 300 individual votes ? 
  the main reason individual politicians organise into parties is to be able to speak with one voice , so negotiations can take place in a reasonable timeframe . 
  i actually am not aiming primarily for a democracy , what i want is a meritocracy and in a meritocracy smaller groups of people would have a greater say in the areas that they are experts in ( this works particulary well with an occupational electoral system ) , i 'm not interested in the oppinions of all the people , only the most competent ones . 
  there is another way to organize the government . 
  democracy has turned into one great popularity contest that does n't really matter and to top all that is also unfair . 
  all the members of the nation want ( or at least should want ) what is best for the nation and so we should get rid of false division of good honest people who all want what is best into groups represented by political parties . 
  we ( or in this case the british ) should remove all parties and have a one-party system . 
  no , do n't rune away or start saying i support a dictatorship , elections would still be held . 
  but in these new elections the voters would actually be able to listen to what the people they are voting for are saying and they would n't just vote for people based on what political party they belong to . 
  i also think that the geographic basis for the elections is a bit silly and that it is n't at all useful . 
  there should either be a system based on a national basis , where the nations in the uk ( english , scottish , welsh and irish ) would each choose a number of representatives , or on an occupational basis , based on the opinions of groups of people that actually have a lot in common and are qualified to each choose a representative in their own areas of expertise . 
  i do n't know why he 's being attacked for this comment , first on the sub we should not mention and now here , what he has said is true . 
  if you need more arguments for this , i 'll just coppy paste a comment i made in the same comment thread . 
  lets look at it historically . 
  the geographic area that is bosnia was from the 7th century to the arrival of the ottomans croatian . 
  bosnia was a country before croatia was united and it was a country after the rest of croatia joined hungary , but it was a croatian country . 
  there was even a seperate bosnian church , but the distinction between nations is not in their religions , religion has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  when the ottomans came to the balkans , serbs migrated to the north ( than southern hungary now vojvodina ) , and to the west ( bosnia and parts of croatia ) . 
  when the ottomans conquered the area populated by croats and serbs who have migrated there , they started spreading islam . 
  the muslims in bosnia had more rights than the christians which is why a lot of people converted . 
  after the ottomans left things became complicated , a lot of muslims started calling themselves turks and it was imposible to determent if a turk was actually a croat or a serbian . 
  in the first yugoslavia it became popular for muslims to either promote yugoslavian nationalism or call themselves muslim serbians . 
  in the ndh that oppinion was n't so popular and they started calling themselves muslim croats . 
  in 1963 they were officially a nation although they did n't even have a name , they called themselves muslims even though it 's a name of a religion , not of a nation . 
  it was not until the 90s that they started calling themselves bosniaks . 
  you can present bosniaks to be a nation that was represed throughout their history , but how come their nationalism only appeared half of a century ago and how can you clame that they are a real nation if they only got their name 20 years ago ? 
  because all priests are child abusers . 
  it 's focused on the us but it 's a great speech none the less and can be applied to europe as well . 
  but we are in europe . 
  what o.o, 
  turks are so great . 
  they try to conquer you and they may even give your country a weird shape , but they also bring good food so you ca n't stay mad at them for long . 
  in croatia you can call any number of pies burek . 
  in bosnia it 's blasphemy , burek is only with meat , everything else is a pie . 
  mostly right . 
  you 're not alone . 
  sweden , yes , this is correct , and anyone who disagrees gets banned . 
  people do get banned for racism here . 
   italy : so weak :( well compared to china we are all weak china rules , but italy is especially weak . 
  the spanish ca n't tell me they never dreamed of conquering it . 
  cet is best time zone , cet stronk !, 
  are you saying that half of croatia should be a part hungary with that first map ? 
   donald trump 's wife is slovenian . 
  i was sure she was czech . 
  turns out his first first wife was czech and his current wife is slovenian . 
  seems like trump has a thing for slavic women . 
  [ and einstein . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=del_bt_z6yg ), 
  all we croats need to do to go to schengen is show policemen our ids and let him search us if he finds us suspicious . 
  i see no reason why this minimum of border control should be abolished and because of that i find schengen more than a bit unnecessary . 
  a country needs it 's borders , they are a part of what it is , and i wo n't miss schengen one bit . 
   there is no such this as a good fascist let 's agree to disagree . 
   hitler improved germany 's economy and technology and you do n't see people praising him ( aside from nazis ) do you ? 
  because popularity is how you judge if a man was a good statesman . 
   just because salazar did n't kill millions did n't make him any less fascist , he was responsible for torturing and killing several people in both the mainland and colonies . 
  he did more good than evil ( in my opinion at least ) and the evil he has done he did for noble intention that is keeping portugal stable and safe to live in . 
   when it comes to modesty , he came from a poor , very religious family , so he might have gotten used to the way of living , he was so conservative that he probably could n't wrap his head around changing even his habits ( reminds me of the high sparrow from game of thrones and how modest he was with torturing and killing whoever did n't believe the same as him ) . 
  this does n't make me respect him any less . 
  and with tywin , tyrion and varys all gone , i think the high sparrow is the best person to hold power in westeros ( until daenerys takes what is hers by right with fire and blood ) . 
   and let 's not forget this , which was required to exist in every school what i see is a respect for authority , a respect that even if it is overdone is hell of a lot better than the disgraceful way people look at statesmen nowadays . 
   oh , and teachers were allowed to beat the living shit out of kids , btw portugal was hardly the only place that thought much of instilling discipline by force at the time , even in europe . 
   he was just as fascist as franco or mussolini i 'm definitely not saying he was not a fascist , but he was a good fascist . 
  by the way though , franco was not a fascist , he was an authoritarian conservative leading a fascist movement . 
   thank god for a dictator that turned the country into something like north korea ? 
  as / u/parakit already said , you are overexaggerating . 
   where only national products were allowed to be sold ? 
  i do n't see why this is bad . 
   where only straight catholic portuguese men had rights , and the rest were akin to slaves and freaks ? 
  never mind that [ women 's suffrage was expanded during the estado novo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_women%27s_suffrage ) , if we do n't make everyone seem completely equal we 're not running a country properly amirite ? 
   w [ h ] ere the political opposition was arrested ? 
  w [ h ] ere people did n't trust anyone because your own family and friends would inform on you to the secret police for saying anything against the regime ? 
  and i 'm not even going to mention the atrocities made in both the country and colonies . 
  it was a strict authoritarian regime , you are free to criticize such regimes , but you just make it seem like north korea . 
  you are obsessed over the fact that the regime was n't democratic without taking into consideration principles which guided it which makes the rule of salazar seem like nothing more than tyranny to you and i do n't think that is what it was at all . 
   the only reason he did n't get into the war was to protect his own skin , he could n't care less about the portuguese people salazar never held parades like similar leaders , he ate modestly , he did n't give himself a large pay even when he could , we are talking about a man who did n't have heating in his house because he did n't want to cost the state money . 
  there are even rumors that he died as a virgin because of his devotion to his state and his faith . 
  if there is one thing for which you can not criticize salazar it is selfishness .
