there are few people i despise , and this person is in the top 3 . 
  he has no right to determine the will of the european people , he has no right to try to destroy something , he is no longer part of . 
  such a despicable person that i want to get rid of from public view . 
  gee , wonder why , maybe it has something to do with the m-r pact , and the previous occupations by russian empire . 
  russia does n't change , its name may change but in the end its always the same old imperialistic horde that does n't know when to evolve like the rest of the world . 
  until russia grows out of its 19th century nostalgic trip , we stay alert . 
  then join russia 's eurasian economic union , it seems you have more to do with russia than european union anyway ... besides you still have kosovo issues which will come bite you in the ass if you continue towards the eu . 
  the fastest this joke of a aircraft carrier gets to its location , the better its for the environment ... unless it sinks in the mediterranean before reaching its destination ... this ship is stricken with accidents . 
  easy for austrian , you are surrounded with friendlies , unlike the unlucky bunch living next to a alcoholic aggressive bear . 
  and our continued aggression against russia ? 
  are you serious where have you been for the past 8 years , the only one being aggressive is russia itself , they are the ones that lead to waking europeans to the reality that the enemy we thought had fallen , is waking up again with the dreams of conquest . 
  i agree with the neutrality ... but there comes a time when a threat against our continent raises and we must use military force and not just ignore it , wars are fact of life , and will continue to be so for a long long while they wo n't magically go away . 
  and if unified military in europe came to be , i hope it is aligned only to europe , and not the united states or russia . 
  russia happens to be the one trying to recapture its fallen empire , which makes them a existential threat to our way of life , until the day russia wakes up from its 19th century mindset , they will continue to be our one and only threat . 
  it 's not enough to blow up a sarin storage building to release it , it lacked the necessary component to do so . 
  calm down ... if you had read supo and s\u00c4po or any other intelligence service warnings of radical islamists or any other crazy nut job returning from wars , you 'd know its inevitable that anything like this will happen . 
  if this attack came as a surprise , you are delusional . 
  it will happen again , as long as we allow radicals return and remain in our countries . 
  this will just lead to same old talk talk talk instead of any actions being taken . 
  so no it is not `` unheard of '' its merely inevitable . 
  absolutely nothing , the security council is a joke . 
  if veto power was removed then it might actually manage to do its job . 
  edit typos, 
  guess these means we must start using godfather theme as our anthem . 
  guess who pays for all that security ... 2 leaders of the most powerful countries on earth meeting in tiny finland ... it 's gon na cost a lot of taxpayer money , not forgetting the disruption to traffic , air traffic and travel . 
  if the meeting would take place say 40 years ago , it 'd be easier , but now there 's just too much danger to such meetings . 
  need to mobilize the military police just because local police wo n't be able to secure all that by itself . 
  second class citizens , and as human shield to protect your mainland ... but never as a equal citizen to a swede . 
  under russia we still had a lot of more freedoms than under swedish kingdom . 
  russia allowed us to develop our language and national spirit to become our own country . 
  magdalena gerger is the one who still sees us as colony . 
  i guess there are some swedish people who still thinks we should be part of your rule , as there are people in russia who sees us as part of their rule . 
  death penalty does n't solve anything , it 's just an easy way out for monsters . 
  exactly , we need to keep our hands off from belarus . 
  have you putin supporters really devolved into that ? 
  making your own countrymen who have different opinions and different ideas your enemies ? 
  i thought the whole mindset was left back in the 90 's . 
  what is your point ? 
  i get a feeling that you do n't agree that they are marching to support opposition member rather than dear putin ... your propaganda network is showing its magic every single day . 
  i think they are doing pretty good job tarnishing their own reputation without us , 
  until the day comes russia stops mocking democracy , no one will follow you . 
  and if that `` new order '' includes russia at the top , you can forget it . 
  what sort of dreamworld the russians are living in ? 
  better quality, 
  if we had to choose between pence or that coward ryan , i 'd choose pence . 
  the next time russia collapses , crimea goes back to its rightful owner ... and history has proven that russia is incapable of staying stable , when putin kicks the bucket that 's when shit hits the fan . 
  sounds like we need to go for a vacation and save oppressed finns in norway . 
  resorting to violence ? 
  seriously ? 
  i instantly thought of sith, 
  guessing they play village people in gulags, 
  thanks for reminding me of my most awkward check-up in my lifetime . 
  she could n't understand me and i could barely understand her . 
  and then there was the time when my appendix was bursting , and i had no access to taxi or bus ( living in lapland does have it downsides ) i called 112 and the response i got from them was `` not our problem '' , shocked by that response i just decided to walk 5 km in pain to my neighbors house and ask for a ride , which i gladly got . 
  so yeah , sure they can give ambulance rides to drunks but not to people who actually needs them !, 
  electoral college ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the same kind of undemocratic institution that chose trump ? 
  that electoral college is out of date . 
  we do n't need to copy anything from the united states . 
  it 's that famous brexit fear mongering at work , farage and co. anti-europe propaganda campaign did great work . 
  china today , is the sane one . 
  of course excluding their laughable scs demands . 
  anyone west of germany is n't trustworthy when it comes to military , sure you can go and bomb bunch of cavemen in the middle east , but when a real opponent comes along you 'll shout non-alignment . 
  anyone east to germany knows how it feels to be bullied and threatened by kremlin . 
  so no , i do not trust western european countries to have our backs , i rather trust eastern europeans . 
  western europeans are the ones that threw half of europe under the soviet bus . 
  it will be the same this time around . 
  article 42 is meaningless and waste of space on a paper . 
  you mean western finland , oh beloved central finland, 
  should start by sharing technology , that will rattle some pants back in the capitol hill and pentagon . 
  also lifting arms embargo . 
  well . . its 2017 , i 'm not so afraid anymore now that the monstrosity that was 2016 is gone ... i have hope . 
  rt and sputnik news of course, 
  having a russian puppet in the eu is far worse . 
  there should be referendums all over europe to see if we the citizens actually want you in the eu . 
  really do n't need a country who is again trying to stir trouble in the balkans . 
  kosovo wo n't be allowed to join for a long long time . 
  well , you are n't exactly saints either . 
  but we do have jassm cruise missiles on our fighters that can reach st. petersburg . 
  they may not be nukes but they are considered deterrence . 
  pfft nukes are so american ... i prefer antimatter bomb for europeans , its more civilized than some dirty nuke . 
  its in american interest to have europe defensively tied to us military , to project power and influence . 
  as soon as us europeans finally decide to throw the americans away from europe , that is the day of celebration . 
  to hell with americans and russians , the biggest security threats on this planet . 
  my predictions and expectations towards centre party so far has been accurate . 
  never have i supported said party , there are no parties that i see eye to eye in finland everyone of em screws the people over , christian democrats mainly ... and now that feminist party is launched i 'm starting to believe that maybe i should become a hermit in lapland , this country has been going downward spiral for a while now . 
  only people who so far has done their job and earned my respect and support is our defense minister and our president . 
  the finns and germans controlled lake ladoga had an ice road ( dubbed road of life ) and the finnish side let the soviets use the said road for soviets to supply leningrad we could 've stopped it anytime we wished , b. 
  and no , we did not advance due to fighting elsewhere , we merely ceased our advances as we had reached our goal , retake our lands that you stole and are still occupying . 
  mannerheim and our president ryti refused to participate in leningrad siege if we had truly participated in its siege , it would 've ended in axis victory . 
  and if we want to go further , none of this would 've happened if you russians had let us be and not launch an war of aggression . 
  the leningrad tragedy lies entirely on stalin , he made an enemy out of finland , he made finland ally with the axis he made it happen , and these days you are celebrating one of the worst mass murderers in mankind , disgusting !, 
  yeah and do n't link russian pages , they are one sided and biased towards soviet side . 
  and maybe you should check the facts on the other side rather than spew obvious lies . 
  rather than accuse finland of such heinous crime from a side of murderers , wake up and see that we did n't let it get any more worse , aiding an mortal enemy at the time of a war , even when had the opportunity to cause immeasurable damage to morale of our enemies , even if we had an opportunity to further take lands , no we stopped we did not want it to get any more worse . 
  this lie is still being passed as a fact in russia ? 
  finland did not participate in the siege of leningrad , even allowed supply route for the russians ... we were n't animals unlike soviet troops and partisans . 
  the entirety of uk gov ' t is in shambles and ran by people who have no clue of what they are doing , trying to defend them by attacking opposition figures is a hollow argument . 
  does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out how incompetent the british government is .
