  serbia can we please have one century without balkan dick measuring contest . 
  that 's what people said about trump and look where we are :(, 
  because we knew of the danger not to let the whole refugee flow into our countries ... unlike the one country in the middle of europe whom decided to invite them by the millions . 
  so thank you for that ... we are aware of your guilty feeling over holocaust , but you really did n't have to drag us all along for the ride . 
  germany has been the worst possible player in this mess , i blame the german government for all these barbaric attacks . 
  shh do n't give it any ideas ... its watching us ... listening to us . . 
  i hate this year so much ... theres not enough hate person can have for year 16 ... i am sure in future history books this year will be known as `` the year when everything went to shit '' ... i really hope 17 is going to be year of enlightenment . 
  edit : of ... not on :|, 
  then vote for `` polexit '' , i dare you ... poland needs eu more than eu needs poland . 
  oh and do remember that you told eu to bugger off when your true freedoms are being taken away , so as to not blame the eu for it . 
  he is nothing more than a witch-hunter , except hunting for 80 + year old men who merely followed orders when their lives were on the line ... which every single human being would have done in the same situation , it is easy for them to hail morale high ground when they never had to face death or follow orders . 
  the real people who were behind the holocaust are long dead , they were given justice after the war , but some people cling to history and make their life long goal to continue haunting the remnants of nazi german era . 
  what this `` foundation '' is doing is pure harassment . 
  all those that remain of nazi german era , had the entire life to think what they had done , haunted by the memories of evil that is punishment enough for anyone ... 
  eu has made no such promises to russia . 
  he did not complain about russian education ... he merely mentioned that the reason this specific school was closed was due to them being liberal and open minded ... in any way he did not complain about your . . educational system . 
  criticizing israel has always been considered as antisemitism in israel , that 's one of the reasons the whole `` antisemitism '' has lost its meaning . 
  israel needs to know what its doing in palestinian lands is wrong . . it should be criticized for its actions ... sure palestinians are n't helping the matters with constant attacks . 
  everyone involved should keep trying to solve it diplomatically . 
  the more catalans keep behaving irrationally and honestly ... childish . 
  the less support they 'll get abroad for their independence . 
  have they not heard of civilized manner of diplomatic negotiation and a legitimate independence referendum , observed by outside observers such as the eu or the osce . 
  and if the spanish try to disallow a referendum , it should be sanctioned for it , everyone has the right to choose their destiny , and if they prefer to stick with the spanish then fine , case closed . 
  indoctrination of children is the most disgusting thing anyone can possibly do . 
  children needs to be kept out of the politics and allow them to grow up without being used for political gain . 
  just disgusting and shameful , and people who allow it to happen should be sent to jail and throw the key away . 
  so please , act civilized and leave the children out of it or you will never gain support for potential independence instead the spanish will gain support . 
  and if the catalans try to do so violently no one will win , everyone involved will suffer especially the children but of course the ignorant people never care for their children . 
  north korea uses missiles against poseidon , russia just drops fighter planes on it . 
  terrible jokes aside , this was pretty much given , this is not surprising at all . . this is n't a real aircraft carrier , it is too short and that ramp design is poor choice made by the soviets . 
  they should use it for their helicopters instead of planes . 
  better yet , they should n't use that polluting heap of junk at all . 
  its danger to the ocean it desperately tries to sail in one piece . 
  i do believe that as well , and i do still believe that ukraine will manage to curb the corruption and join western democracies , while some are talking doom and gloom about current situation ... it always takes blood and lot of hard work to overcome such difficulties . 
  change is never easy . 
  as long as the citizens continue to remind the government that they want the changes . 
  i see ukraine as valued member of our european family . 
  i thought his nickname was mad dog , due to his other ... . qualities . 
  you know there 's a way to behave in more civilized manner , rather than being an a-hole ? 
  the one with no brain cells right now appears to be you . 
  sorry but that 's the way it looks . 
  their phone call was probably more like `` what are you wearing right now ? '', 
  woah there i dislike russia but i do not dislike its ordinary people with the exception of ultra-nationalists . 
  putin may be a dictator , but considering how moderate he can be , i 'd be really worried about who comes after putin , lots of power hungry sharks encircling . 
  no you are , your country declared war on us , bombed our towns and ports , instead of helping us . 
  your country betrayed us along with the rest of the allied nations . 
  we did what we had to do to defend our existence as a nation . 
  for me the allied nations were no lesser evil from the soviets . 
  sorry if you are unable to grasp what our country went through . 
  some people are unable to comprehend that for us alliance with the germans was paramount , when our whole existence as a nation was at stake . 
  they never got to feel what our whole country felt , betrayed by the west . 
  they at least had allies , and we had no choice but to ally with the only country willing to help . 
  germans helped us during the civil war , the winter war and then the continuation war ... why would we thank nations that did nothing to help us , and the allied nations that actually declared war on us , and started to bomb our northern parts . 
  thanks to the luftwaffe they did not manage to mass murder our civilians like in the western front . 
  churchill actually wanted soviets to occupy us because we allied with the germans , stalin did not agree with churchill , because he knew it would have left the soviets with finns fighting guerilla warfare . 
  we owe absolutely nothing to allied side , and that is one of the biggest reasons we do not join nato , we do not trust the west to help in case of war , we do not trust anyone to help us , we already have witnessed how incapable and untrustworthy the west is . 
  so yeah sorry if the germans during the world war 2 were actually helping us to remain independent . 
  and the answer to `` blonde hair '' thing ... hitler saw nordics as `` honorary aryans '' and he was fanatic believer in the whole aryan race stuff . 
  russia can not afford to make that bet , nato may or may not defend but that is the whole point , the not knowing if the enemy will respond or not ... if nato responds to an attack , its bye bye russia , and the oligarchs do not want that to happen , they love their wealth and power too much . 
  you make it sound like russia is some kind of invincible military , but it is not , its a rust bucket , bit more advanced relic than that of north korea . 
  the only power russia has is its nukes . 
  compared to nato , russia is a drop in the sea , a catastrophe waiting to collapse . 
  classic wikileaks , they are disgusting, 
  wikileaks ... i never trusted their word , they are so deep in the pocket of kremlin . 
  nothing wikileaks says and does can be trusted , they even keep censoring people who call them out . 
  especially since people tend to vote with their hearts instead of their brains , ignoring the facts . 
  first time i heard of it ... 
  and now you are answering to an ukrainian , who i am absolutely certain knows the best of the situation and what people there do want . 
  there are clear evidence of russian forces in eastern ukraine , you can not get the truth out as long as the people there are held at gunpoint . 
  i rather have strong european military than be in any kind of coalition with the americans , i rather we 'd be entirely independent from any american influence . 
  the us can go ahead and turn inward , i do n't care , the time for us hegemony needs to come to an end , they have caused more problems in the world than any good . 
  same goes for russia . 
  yeah because russia does n't know anything but war , oppression and corruption , and your comment just further enhances that belief that russia is unwilling to change its 19th century mindset of conquest . 
  uncivilized behavior that should not have place in 21st century world while the rest of the world is moving forward russia is hanging back , even china knows best how to act towards others . 
  audi drivers also can not understand what pedestrian crossing means , for them it means `` go faster '' and brings up a question `` what is a pedestrian ? 
  '' ... oh and do n't let me started when they are on the highway and in downtown traffic :|, 
  yeah good luck with breaking from the eu and living in that dreamworld of yours  i prefer finland remains part of the eu and i support the federal eu project and the eu military fully . 
  unified europe is the future . 
  social justice vikings ? 
  i 'd rather give more money to european arms industry to build our weapons than continue to rely on americans, 
  an peacekeeping force that answers to the european union , with air , sea and armored support for operation , and to disarm the terrorists ... russia really ca n't do anything if russians start dying when resisting , if they did that it would only mean they are there in official capacity ... illegally occupying it with its terrorists , it would be a lose-lose situation for russia even stronger sanctions . 
  sure they can recognize all they want but they have not pay for their crimes against humanity , acts of aggression and countless lands they illegally have occupied since the 2nd world war . 
  my hope is that one day russia will stand trial against the crimes it must pay dearly for . 
  eu is united , the united nations is merely pathetic and useless and should be dismantled ... or at least veto powers should be given to neutral countries instead of children who do n't know how to get along ... looking at you usa , britain and russia . 
  way to generalize everyone , those young men should fight for their country , their issues wo n't solve themselves if they just run away ... 
  i have been trained to defend my country . 
  but hey , nothings gon na happen to scotland , you have everyone throwing their lives on the line to keep you safe in the event of a war . 
  guess some people have no other shiny things to argue about , some of us have the best education , some have the best prostitutes :| everyone has their best thing . 
  eh sorry if my answer came up as angry , didnt mean it to come that way , 
  yes someone obviously did n't mention to them that waging war in over 10 + fronts is n't such a brilliant strategy . 
  in this case may is waging `` war '' against 28 countries , instead of acting rationally both sides should tone it down a level or two, 
  exactly , people tend to forget the difference between the 2 , i am a patriot but i despise nationalists , i see them nothing more but a threat to well being of countries and stability . 
  of course , did you not listen to word they said in the training session just moments before you were conceived ? 
  oh i am grateful of the sacrifice that our men and women had to make to keep us independent , i will never be grateful whatever `` good '' the soviets did . 
  they were as evil as the germans . 
  both had no respect for humanity . 
  so yeah , i will honor our brave finnish men , women and children who had to endure . 
  atleast they were welcomed and still are . 
  i am pretty sure that nato has plans for that event , i am sure there are troops trained for such eventuality , if not nato itself , the united states sure has them placed in european bases ready to carry out surgical strike on possible rogue element in the russian armed forces trying to seize power or any terrorist element trying to steal one for themselves . 
  as the united states also have said troops prepared to enter north korea .
