i think it 's an average of all costs made by employers , that would make the most sense as every country has a different system . 
  it sure is n't high income for the netherlands either . 
  never let him do anything in sql then, 
  poland , but even if it were germany there 's only one logical explanation : efficiency before everything else , even political correctness . 
  because it is a effective way to cool down . 
  many dutchmen also have had a few years of german lessons in highschool . 
  surely that makes most of them good enough in those languages that they can overhear someone , and understand the basic conversation . 
  multi-langual then ? 
  frisian , dutch and english are obvious for you , and i suppose you know a fair bit of french and/or german too . 
  missing something ? 
  colours are just to distinguish the countries , they do n't code for anything in this map . 
  love how they called themselves just poland . 
  `` some people just want to watch the world burn '' has never been so relevant . 
  never been to estonia so i ca n't and wo n't disagree , but i find that hard to believe . 
  the real culture of a country does n't change in 50 or even 100 years . 
  sure it was n't a bastion of atheism back then ? 
  do you celebrate christmas or easter ? 
  those are christian holidays . 
  you may not associate them with christianity themselves , but they are an example of how your culture is still christianity-based . 
  just the religious aspect is different now . 
  which religion has had the most influence in how your culture has become to what it is now ? 
  i think that 's the question this map is based on . 
  still disagree ? 
  which is also kind of logically . 
  judging from the graph at least . 
  explains a lot , thanks, 
  guys , i think i found the american . 
  higher resolution , if you want to be completely correct . 
  all those regions have a lot of greasy , fried foods and beer in common . 
  that strategy did n't really work out for the usa though ... 
  ` maple leaf ' = esdoornblad you 're welcome , and thanks for doing this !, 
  i hope she 'll still be able to receive this . 
  if she can i 'm sure she 'll enjoy this a lot !, 
  translation is a bit loosly , in such way that i hope an 8 year old child might be able to read it . 
  by the way , keep in mind that a dutch 8 year old child has n't got a clue what maple syrup ( esdoornsiroop or ahornsiroop in dutch ) is . 
  here it goes : i live here  hier woon ik . 
  the journey of the princesses  het avontuur van de prinsessen . 
  comic  prinses isa !, 
  prinses suus !, 
  i 'm curious how the comic will turn out !, 
  i 'd like to see it once it 's finished , if it 's not too much of a hassle . 
  if it is , i 'd totally understand as well though . 
  if you think of any more sentences you 'd like to add , just send them for translation !, 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  might be important , as some people left it out of their translation ( it 's in the last paragraph ) : the full wish is : `` i would like to receive a card , and so does suus '' ( her sister of 8 ) . 
  the article mentions that they are very close , and as you know shared joy is double joy . 
  the oldest one is probably able to read simple sentences , so if anyone want to put dutch text on the card i can translate english  dutch for you . 
  maybe something the oldest one can read for her younger sister ? 
  yeah but the ship of theasus problem is a bit different : if you replace every singe part of a ship one-by one , is it then still the same ship ? 
  it 's about the new parts in the classical problem , but about the old ones in this one . 
  not exactly though . 
  this is more : if you take a ship apart , sell the parts separately , and someone else puts them all back together ; is the ship a replica or the same ship ? 
  could you still call them counterfeits then ? 
  surely they are n't produced in a legal way , but technically it 's exactly the same coin . 
  not just one that looks similar , exactly the same . 
  to me it looks more like `` i did have sexual relations with that woman and i do n't care what you think about it . '', 
  it might be my interpretation of that article so it might be wrong , but i believe he does n't deny it has happened , he just denies it should be a big deal . 
   time and time again have movements been branded ` stupid , pointless or ridicilous ' true , and they should n't be . 
  i get that . 
  there are legitimate reasons to vote no , no problem if you do . 
   meanwhile millions of people will vote no , you really think they all have ` no idea ' ? 
  uhm ... 
  yes ? 
  yes i think there are actually a huge lot of people who have no idea what they 're doing . 
  and that 's not just the case with this referendum , it 's the main culprit of democracy as a whole . 
  there 's the churchill quote `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '' and i think he 's mainly right not because `` the government does do what they want anyway , not what the people want '' ( which seems to be a popular opinion ) but because there are way too many people who can vote and have no idea what they 're doing . 
  if bad politicians are chosen there 's only one group of people to blame , and those are the voters . 
  there simply happens to be a lot of euroscepticism and maybe even euro-hate at this moment , partly justified and partly irrational probably . 
  it 's just that the `` average joe '' does n't directly notice all the benefits the eu has brought , while they do complain about all the money that `` goes to greece '' and all the immigrants . 
  sure , there are legitimate reasons to be against a more unified europe , but those are n't the reasons i hear most often . 
  sure , there are legitimate reasons to be against asylum centres in your neighbourhood , but what i mostly hear are irrational , fear-based and not fact/statistics-based arguments . 
  in my experience those are the same kind of arguments i hear for the upcoming referendum . 
  i 'm glad to hear you have different experience with people and their knowledge about this referendum , but in the end i do n't see how either of our experiences count for more than the other 's . 
   you 're stating it as a fact though , which is not a nice way to go about spreading lies . 
  true , should n't have done that . 
  but by calling it a lie , you 're stating a dubious fact yourself . 
  only anecdotal evidence i 'm afraid ... 
  i simply have heard way more people saying things that are outright wrong than i have heard people say correct things . 
  maybe i should just find better people to talk to ... 
  true , but most dutchies have no idea what they 're voting on . 
  they think it 's some kind of treaty that in the long-term should make ukraine member of the eu ... 
  which is technically not impossible of course , but that 's not what this trade treaty is about . 
  geenstijl decided to pull some publicity stunt , and now this referendum is the result ... 
  maybe use different arguments to which they ca n't reply the `` your racist '' ? 
  as i understand it , the building on which his statue is was built with cecil 's money . 
  so maybe break down the whole building if you want to show you do n't want anything to do with slavery and such ? 
  it 'd be very hypocritical to say you do n't want the statue of a slavemaster/trader , but you do want the money he earned that way . 
  if you propose to just destroy the whole building , maybe they understand their hypocrisy . 
  so what ? 
  i see your dutch fair . 
  `` we '' are bombing isis too . 
  outside our borders . 
  and why ? 
  because this very same reason , because they threaten our interests and security . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't like the russian government or putin and how they treat both their foreign and domestic affairs any bit , but this statement could have been made by mark rutten too in the right context . 
  or barrack obama , or any national leader . 
   '' if russia 's interests and security are threatened , russia will resist . 
  everyone needs to know that . '', 
  like any sovereign state will ? 
  makes sense though , as that 's one of the places many people will drink .
