  think about the iran-contra incident . 
  now , we all know that the cia is very well informed . 
  those islamists are know to brew excelent beer ( pilsener ) , in order to make the rest of the world drunk ... 
  octoberfest at the pyramids really great !, 
  ( not that octoberfest is very fancy here in germany , it 's just those weird people from munich that make it to soll overpriced beer to unwary foreigners ), 
  while i 'm not a friend of friedrichs ( who was/is a cowards against the nsa ) , it is certainly not yet the proven that he acted inappropriately . 
  he disclosed information towards a another member-of-parliament . 
  and this was necessary because the person in question could have become a minister . 
  having a child-porn affaire of a minister would n't be helpful to germany . 
  but , more importantly , it 's actually okay if the executive ( such as the ministry of interior ) is giving information to members of the parliament . 
  that 's the point of the parliament ( at least in germany ) . 
  it 's not just making laws , but also has the job to control the executive . 
  this can mostly be seen when they make a investigation , but it 's also covered in the constitution . 
   the territory of the republic of crimea is inviolable so why did the russians conquer it when it 's `` inviolable '' ? 
  also , you 're telling the untruth . 
  in 1991 the ussr disolved , and the new ukraine said at the time that the crimea is part of ukraine . 
  and there was a referendum , too . 
  `` only '' 54 % of the crimea people voted to be part of the ukraine . 
  that 's not much , but it 's the majority . 
  however , the crimea really wanted to be autonomous , and in 1992 the ukraine granted this right to the crimea , e.g. 
  it was autonomous in the regards of finance , government and justice . 
  that 's not unheard of , the basks have an autonomous provice , too . 
  now in 1994 russia , great-britain and the usa made a contract to not change the status of the crimea . 
  do i need to point out that the russians broke this treaty ? 
  btw , already in 1993 did the russians ignore what the people of the crimea voted for . 
  because in 1993 the russian parliament declared sewastopol to be a russian town . 
  russia and democracy ... something still has a long way to go . 
  and even * if * that would be true : the amount of money the russians invested into their artillery shells and speznatz trools that stirred the conflict in east ukraina is way larger . 
  and do n't forget that the russians just annected the crimea because they were searching the us$ that were lying on the streets there ... 
   it 's not their debt , it 's private debt that was socialised to protect a structurally unsound monetary union . 
  oh , if it would be so clear what mr. stiglitz claims , when why did the greek governments make it `` their '' dept by signing the credit contracts ? 
  also , this does n't make any sense . 
  germany is giving money to german banks and the greek government countersigns for this ? 
  why would they do it ? 
  what could force them to do ? 
  probably only one thing : that the greek government had huge amounts of debts with this german ( and other ) banks . 
   syriza was elected not only because of the relief that they promised on the social layers that suffered , but because they supported an alternative to solve the problem . 
  but ( from a german point-of-view ) , syriza did n't solve anything . 
  this government wasted their times at countless meetings . 
  not only their time , but also the time of 18 other ministers , of countless secretaries , assistants and so on . 
  basically europe was dump enought to let this go on for the longest time . 
  why did n't syriza simply did what they promised then elected ? 
  they could have said `` well , we 're stopping our back payments . 
  we repay them when we have overflow money again . '', 
  an example : germany after the first world war had to pay too much reparations , and it created a crisis . 
  this crisis made the situation in the country extremely instabil and you know what happened then : nsdap . 
  after the second world ware , germany again had to pay reparations . 
  but people were wise this time . 
  they said `` you pay back , but only when you have money '' . 
  and after germany became an economic success , it did that . 
  in those endless negotiations your beginners-government could have steered things into this direction . 
  it would have been declared as a win-win : the money-gives will ( eventually ) get their money back , but greek wo n't have to pay whopping amounts like in may when it does n't really have money . 
  but your weird economic minister just annoyed people , and the other parts of your government did n't steer the `` tragedy of greece '' into a direction where things did calm down . 
  why `` calm down '' ? 
  because almost any economy is n't really driven by the government , but by itself . 
  it is the feelings that all of those bosses have that direct if they invest into a new company , buy a new machine , employ a new employee . 
  it 's not the that the government is spending x or y amount of not-available-money . 
  but the greek govenment discussed internal stuff with the press , accused here , annoyed there , and made sure that everything was always covered by news media . 
  no wonder that no one puts money there . 
   the united states has initiated all those events in ukraine . 
  how brainwashed must one be to actually believe this trash ? 
  ouch !, 
  people would n't say too much if the refugees would n't be packed in masses . 
  if i 'd have 8 refugees next to me : okay . 
  but if i have 300 of them ? 
  so basically it would help if they get distributed more evenly . 
  but yes , even then i guess there 's a st. florian effect as well : `` heiliger sankt florian , verschon ' mein haus , z\u00fcnd ' andre an ! '', 
  i mean , * real * refugees , e.g. 
  people that must fear for their life , or are in danger of imprisonment or torturing . 
  not just from syria , but also a certain e. snowdon as well . 
  however , a good number of people in my peer group think that economic refugees should go back where they have been from . 
  i personally would add the thought that they should not only stay where they are , but instead use their energy to bring up their country instead . 
  yep , but that 's harvard ( law ) and not mit ( physics , it ) . 
  we do n't expect anything substantial from lawyers . 
  everything is relative !, 
  we 'll do it the putin way . 
  we ask the flams to stir against the wallons ( or the other way around , we are n't yet decided ) . 
  when the country is in total turmoil , we send our 10 soldiers in disguised uniforms into the belgium province of limburg , make the eat sauerkraut and forbid french fries and truffles . 
  because they asked for loans ? 
  and they agreed to pay the loans back ? 
  the east germans did n't ask the ussr to become communist . 
  and you would n't have got werner von braun . 
  directly after the ww2 , germany was not split . 
  there was a common government , the `` 4 mights '' , see e.g. 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/vierm%c3%a4chte-status it has been split because an influence `` war '' of the usa and udssr . 
  we all know this as cold war . 
  so , after the war there was a conference about what reparations had to be paid . 
  this conference decided about the reparations of 12 countries , amongst them greece . 
  and in 1946 greece they agreed to this treaty . 
  they got the money from germany years later ( 1960 ) . 
  this was directly after the war , in 1946 , germany was n't able to pay reparations . 
  btw , it was west-germany that paid , the east germans ( gdr ) did n't give anything . 
  and now some people in greek think that their agreement from then is nil and void and want more ? 
  now , some people think that this was only for the war damages . 
  from this text i 'm getting the impression that it was n't just about the war damages . 
  `` besatzungskosten '' means `` cost of occupation '' . 
  it even mentions `` notwendiger kredite f\u00fcr die besatzung '' , which means `` necessary credits for the occupation '' . 
  and it even mentions the `` reichskreditkassen '' , that was a way how the deutsche reich paid it 's occupation troops ( via `` reichskreditkassenscheine '' ) . 
  they knew exactly that those `` notes '' devalue the valuta of occupied states , but they even made a bonus from that . 
  at that time , the deutsche reich did n't had enought money to pay all it 's soldiers ... so the inflated the money volume via this construct and forced the occupied countries to buy those `` reichskreditkassenscheine '' back .
