   debt is measured not `` is '' , but `` can '' . 
  and actually debt it 's not measured in eur/gdb . 
  that 's calculating a derived value . 
  the result would not be measured , but calculated . 
  especially when the gdp itself is already an artificial , derived number . 
  government debt becomes a problem when the rating agenturs feel it 's a problem . 
  and suddenly you 're in an endless spiral . 
  or it becomes a problem if a community , town , county , country or the federal government stopped having freedom in investing , because there 's simply no free money available -- all the income has to be used to deal with the old debts . 
  well , it happened in 2011 [ regularly ] ( http://www.wetterauer-zeitung.de/home/kreis/staedte-und-gemeinden/bad-nauheim/artikel,-einbruch-als-ferienjob-jugendbande-gefasst-_arid,233227_regid,3_puid,1_pageid,75.html ) , but also [ recently ] ( http://www.presseportal.de/blaulicht/pm/43647/3328931 ) . 
  and there are many more reports like this . 
  i however ca n't remember when the last german burglar group was arrested . 
  sure , we have burglars as well ( e.g. 
  drug addicts ) , but they do n't operate as organized or clan-like . 
  that rumania itself is probably safe might be the case . 
  the last time i was there the locals always ushered our cars away from the streets into private backyards ... edit : and i just read this [ brand new ] ( http://www.golem.de/news/geldautomaten-hintermann-von-skimmingbande-muss-fuenf-jahre-in-haft-1609-123259.html ) article ... a rumanian skimming clan that manipulated atms . 
  they did this in germany , not in rumania . 
   but , most importantly , germany benefits enormously from the euro as it 's much weaker you know that this is always a two-edged sword . 
  you might say we benefit . 
  i might say that we do n't , because a weak euro makes our imports ( ! ), 
  more expensive , e.g. 
  gas , oil , raw goods . 
  already the hut games in itself is a crime , it 's fraud . 
  and so is pick-pocketing . 
  how ? 
  you do n't . 
  there 's no need to save the eu , because reports of it 's immediate death are premature . 
  no , i wanted to shed a light that all of this `` terrorism '' thingy is over-hyped . 
  sure , it 's bad . 
  but so is normal crime . 
  and `` normal '' death because of a car accident . 
  but we put the tag `` terrorist '' on murders and suddenly we think that they deserve higher punishment than a normal murder . 
  or higher media exposition ( which actually plays to their cause ) . 
  what i 'd like to see is to reduce our outrage . 
  and reduce over-reaction . 
  in germany still more people die in car accidents than by terrorist attack . 
  * far * more . 
  i want to see our government ( and the public ) go into overhype because of this . 
  why do n't we investigate every lethal car accident like we investigate every crashed plane ? 
  i do n't see any country be more safe than singapure . 
  but you brits are ( mentally ) steeled from the ira bombing times :-), 
   for instance by spending far more money on investment and/or lowering taxes we ca n't . 
  our government ( s ) have so many debts that it 's impossible to pay the debs back within the next 30 years . 
  and you 're really asking for more debts ? 
  making debts actually makes any government less powerful . 
  look at some german towns where the mayor has no freedom to invest money into useful fields , because he needs to use all incoming money to fullfill the repay duties . 
  i see however that `` increase local demand '' could help . 
  throughout the years more and more wealth is accumulated in corporations that do n't pay capital tax , or in rich families that are ( via tricks ) almost exempted from normal inheritance rent . 
  rented workers earch much less than normal workers . 
  and so on . 
  i could see that if some social adjustments were be made , it would be neutral for the overdepted governments , but more money would end up at the customer . 
  and that could rise spending . 
  we ca n't . 
  we already borrowed so much money we can not pay it back within the next 30 years . 
  sounds to me like an old-school recipe . 
  one way to solve this is top stop social programs ( with eu benediction ) towards non-citizens , e.g. 
  even for eu citizens . 
  except maybe if they paid for 4 + years into the local social system . 
  and to allow even eu citizens to be sent back to their home country in case of crimes . 
  it 's because of how crime is dealt there . 
  some countries in the eu think that there is too much crime coming from bulgaria , romania ( and of course from the balticum ) and those countries do n't do enought to fight back the burglar clans . 
  if we open schengen to them , then there wo n't be border controls towards those countries anymore ( at least not regularly ) . 
  and this would make work for those clans even easier . 
  and if their home country can not at least dim their actions ... 
  you have n't read the article , have n't you ? 
   germany has no plans to reduce its export surplus how exactly should germany do this ? 
  our own bundesbank ca n't change the exchange rates . 
  should we issue a law `` each car company can only export 50000 cars , each milling machine company can only export 5000 machine , and each roboter company can only export 500 robots '' ??? 
  how would this even be possible in a * free * country ? 
  after all , it 's not our finance minister , but the unity of all ( politics , economy , unions , education ) that is bringing forward such results . 
  as if an anarcho capitalist want 's to have the big finance in his country :-), 
  m \u00b2 empty office space . 
  eschborn , a town next to frankfurt and location of the `` frankfurter b\u00f6rse '' also has empty office space . 
  i have n't found more recent data , but i live in the area and see the `` to rent '' banners on quite a bit of office buildings there . 
  there is enough office space available in frankfurt and eschborn :-), 
  you 're right , i did n't get it the slightest that this was meant as a joke . 
  some say that germans do n't have humor . 
  i do n't think so , but certainly it 's not usual to use racism in german jokes ( or it used to be the case , now with the new right movement this might have changed ) . 
  so i was not at all thinking in such categories . 
  and besides , people wrote that germany has intent to `` destroy '' greece , and they did n't mean this as a joke . 
  so i do n't have any idea of what people in greece now think . 
  maybe some need an ( even imaginary ) foe that they can blame for every bad thing ? 
  and yes , a lot of bad things happened ( and happen ) to the greek equivalent of john doe . 
  well , if you do n't have any arguments then you can draw the `` racist '' cards . 
  that 's easy . 
  but sorry . 
  no , i do n't think that germany are overly racist towards greeks . 
  if anything , then less then towards turks . 
  what many germany believe that greece government ( no matter what direction ) is n't dependable and that it is quite unorganized . 
  my personal meaning is that organization is the one thing that makes countries ( over time , not in an instant ) successful or not . 
  even the very bad countries . 
  look at how organized the antique egypts where , which public writers and all . 
  and they existed for decades . 
  also the antique greeks had been very organized ( they invented democracy ) ... at least compared relative to their neighboars ( which they called barbarians btw ) . 
  the organization of the greeks then was exported to some countries because of alexander the great , bringing some of those countries to a temporary high , until chaos took over . 
  the next highly organized country was of course the romans . 
  they were the first that touched the german tribes , my ancestors . 
  and compared to them we were barbarians . 
  and relatively unsuccessful . 
  in many museums about the romans you can see how well they were organized politically , militaric and also economically . 
  still it was n't a nice nation , with slaves and public executions and manslaughter in the circus .
