  so you can be mean and organized . 
  but you can not be unorganized and successful . 
  and when the romans became more and more unorganized ( e.g. 
  with simony , orgies , corruption ) , the end of this empire was happening . 
  and i think that this is still true today . 
  now there are several countries in the worlds where you can only make a career if you have the right connections . 
  or where corruption is high . 
  or where the officials are n't doing what they 're supposed to be doing . 
  and if we germans are `` racist '' towards the greece , when we accuse them of those things . 
  but this has nothing to do with a skin color at all . 
  i admit that we are cultural insensive and think too often that german ways of doing things should be done everywhere . 
  that 's bad . 
  but i 'm also thinking that papering over lacking structures and organization is n't good , too . 
  maybe this a prejudice . 
  could very well be the case . 
  but racism ? 
  you jest !, 
   well they signed accords . 
  what ? 
  the `` backlash from german officials '' are just words . 
  in any case , i have n't really heard about this `` backlash '' except here . 
  but even if it exists , i 'd like to know what officials . 
  and even if it would be high profile officials ( which i highly doubt ) , that would just be words . 
  and no , under no circumstances can i assume that german officials that have `` backlash '' against mederanean countries meeting will sign some accords in this behalf . 
  what contents , with whom ? 
  so , all in all i assume we simply misunderstand us !, 
  why not ... ( i have seen various pictures of huge military ships in foreign harbors ) . 
  here in europe it 's ok if a french police car crosses the border , for example . 
  they do n't have the same exact rights here in germany , but they can cross and chase a suspect , while calling the german officials . 
  but even if not , the repatriation can be done with civil ships . 
  if there is a will , there 's a way . 
  that 's a grave accusation . 
  who exactly is racist , why ? 
  saying nonspecific things like this just creates a hatred atmosphere , but brings nothing to the discussion . 
  and ? 
  that 's just words . 
  nothing will come after this . 
  btw , even germany has a debt problem . 
  we ' r just trying since several years to fix it ... ( and it will still take decades until it will be fixed ! ), 
  i do n't see a problem at all if the southern eu countries move a little closer together . 
  surely they have interests ( e.g. 
  maritime ones ) that are n't as important for other countries , so they should find those interests , formulate them and then push them forwards . 
  it 's also not the first in-eu-group we had , think of benelux . 
  and it wo n't be the last . 
  we could save them with civil ships and bring them back with civil ships . 
  nothing here would violate borders , it 's normal that civil ships from other countries enter the national waters of any counter . 
  in konstanz there is a fence between switzerland and germany . 
  if someone from germany crosses the fence towards switzerland , do you really think that the swiss boarder guards take the person into their country ? 
  they might interrogate them , but then they 'll send them straight back . 
  this can/could/should happen with any illegal border trespasser , no matter if on by sea or on land . 
  we just had a record export , and a record export-import surplus . 
  it 's actually * good * that this goes back a bit , some people say that germany is destabilizing other countries with it 's power . 
  it 's so much that the germans almost had a second reason to call the troops back from incirlik : their military counterparts for decisionmaking had been purged and they had not contacts . 
  during that time assad could have sent rockets and the turkey would n't have known before the impact at all . 
  i think the powerful ones do n't really need this state-of-emergency excusion anymore . 
  if someone appeals against the purge before a turkish court , the let that happen . 
  if the judge then grants the appealer anything , he will be declared a puppet of g\u00fclem and purged by itself . 
  or maybe the already existing fear will prevent and judge to rule against the current might-holders , i 'm unsure . 
  so i need to visit you , beautiful country ( i once have been south-west of wroclaw ) . 
  oh , i meant chips ( as in fish and chips , french fries ) . 
  i did n't knew that this taste exists also for crisps ( which we germans call `` chips '' and therefore are prone to confuse them with english `` chips '' , which we call `` pommes '' in turn ... 
  okay , i need to stop , i 'm starting to babble :-), 
  that 's not an intra-eu matter . 
  and the eu was always week to find a common stance on extra-eu matters , desite having a commisar like chris patton ( or now ) ferroro-waldner for that . 
  i think this actually natural , because it was never really founded for that reason , at it 's core it 's still an economic-centric treaty . 
  i like swedish dill crisps , but you can not get them here , not even ikea has them anymore . 
  no , awful is chips with malt vinegar . 
  ( and again i have a point in declaring that there is no generally accepted european taste ), 
  it would taste like garbage . 
  there is * no * european taste . 
  we 're quite diverse . 
  some like it hot , some not . 
  some like garlic , others not . 
  some have fatty meals , others not . 
  some years ago i was in a coffee rostery `` tschibo '' in hamburg . 
  they roasted the coffee different to each country . 
  when i made a joke and said `` hi , i take this coffee home '' , they said `` sure , just do it . 
  but it wo n't taste to you , it 's for hungary '' . 
  in intra-eu matters , `` hard power '' does n't really matter . 
  not today . 
  when it comes to extra-eu matters , e.g. 
  mali , then often the french do more than others . 
   big trio ( ger , fra , uk ) that trio did n't exist . 
  uk was known for a blocking position , a partner you can not depend on . 
  nice . 
  this should show anyone that the eu is n't german . 
  or french . 
  or german/french . 
  anyone can seek a coalition and bring things forward . 
  sure , it might have fallen . 
  we just had a record export just the recently . 
  so that it goes down a bit still means that the exports are extraordinary high . 
   on the one hand , greece could have done a better job of restricting entry to and containing migrants . 
  i 'm unsure . 
  they neither have the funds nor are they organized enough . 
  and also all of the mediterean countries are totally timid . 
  i 've never heard that the italian marine , that rescued a overloaded ship , escorted the ship back to tunisia or marocco . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the nato could back-track any ship via satellite to see exactly where the ship came from . 
  no politican in the eu is going to such methods , and the people traffickers know this . 
  and if we do n't do it by ourselfs , how can we ask another nation to do this ?
