  the baltics are a huge vulnerability for nato and provide very little to a defensive alliance . 
  however they provide a springboard for an offensive operation against russia . 
  it will always be constantinople to me, 
  you do n't know how many brooms germany has stockpiled, 
  it was . 
  it 's a question if it still is . 
  they fund the exporting of this diseased extremism so the religious nut bags turn a blind eye to the royal family drinking , drugging and whoring . 
  putin and erdogan are kissing and making up . 
  i 'd make the run to egypt . 
  do they like movies about gladiators or something ? 
  then there must be a more deadly war going on in france . 
  edit : no i 'm wrong . 
  its the same war just a different front . 
  that was n't what we were talking about . 
  in terms of terrorist activities mainland france now suffers more deaths from terrorist attacks then the north causcasus . 
  the morality of the means by which this fact was achieved was not being discussed . 
  the graph is here on the foreign fighters ( from the cnbc article ) : http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/files/2015/12/09/fighter-growth.jpg, 
  more people have died from terrorist attacks in last three years in france then in the north caucasus and your 3rd link showed less fighters coming from the former ussr than from western europe . 
  in terms of terrorist attacks, 
  the war in caucasus is over . 
  chechnya and dagestan are safer then france in terms of terrorist attacks . 
  the british were n't ready for war . 
  not just in terms of equipment but psychologically as a nation . 
  there was no public appetite and among the elites many still saw germany as a useful buffer against the soviets . 
  hell even the polish government told the allies if they went to war for czechoslovakia they would refuse to help . 
   on 22 may , juliusz \u0141ukasiewicz , the polish ambassador to france , told the french foreign minister georges bonnet that if france moved against germany in defense of czechoslovakia : `` we shall not move . '', 
  \u0141ukasiewicz also told bonnet that poland would oppose any attempt by soviet forces to defend czechoslovakia from germany . 
  daladier told jakob surits , the soviet ambassador to france : `` not only can we not count on polish support but we have no faith that poland will not strike us in the back . '', 
  chamberlain came back from munich and immediately ordered british industry to start getting ready for war . 
  chamberlain made mistakes but he was n't a fool . 
  what sort of barbarian drinks vodka and coke ? 
  i lived in america and heard tardy all the time comrade . 
  thinking it means they 're russians is paranoia talking . 
  boris johnson is sleeping with everything, 
  you know what they say history repeats . 
  i wonder whether the holyrood 's first bankruptcy after independence will involve selling scottish virtue to london or berlin . 
  i honestly think braveheart mostly . 
  never mind that scotland joined the united kingdom because they went bankrupt and needed someone to pay their debts . 
  hopefully soon . 
  scotland can leech off germany rather then england . 
  its going to be funny watching the snp dismantle their welfare state . 
  that only works if you 're building a wall, 
  possibly the czech republic as well, 
  i find it slightly ridiculous that orban was the one national leader who came with an effective move in support of remain . 
  your exactly right and we 'll trade goods and services with every country in the world . 
  but we wo n't chain ourselves to political union doomed to fail . 
  you 'll understand soon . 
  nethexit is right around the corner . 
   indonesia more influential than britain lol . 
  this really feels like getting out of an abusive relationship . 
  do n't you know you 'd be worthless without me . 
  we 're a strong , mature country who do n't need no eu, 
  whose a world power then ? 
  just usa , russia and china ? 
  in any case considering the uk is n't even the most anti-eu nation in europe going by recent polls so perhaps it is n't just ` delusions of grandeur ' that have led to britons having a issue with their country being run out of brussels . 
  if only we denied all people outside of london and scotland the right to vote this could have been avoided . 
  the uk is n't bloody belgium . 
  it 's one of the world 's largest economies , a member of the un security council and was until today the biggest military power in the eu . 
  do n't be stupid belgium does n't exist, 
  not with spain in the eu . 
  there 's no way they 'd risk recognizing a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  you do realise he won two elections in what is center of labour heartland and one of the multi-cultural cities in the world . 
  he 's the most popular politician in great britain . ', 
  bit stupid to call everyone who disagrees with you racist and homophobic particularly when boris is neither . 
  he most likely did, 
  fun fact trump arriving in the uk tomorrow, 
  australian . 
  so killing time at work . 
  why ? 
  the wording does n't say the participant has to be alive . 
  i doubt they would change their answer after their grandparent past away . 
  yeah !, 
  what have the romans ever done for us ? 
   russia `` a critical role to play '' in addressing `` pressing global issues , from ending the conflicts in ukraine and syria , does it not ? 
  thats what junker is pushing for and the germans are increasing echoing those calls . 
  thats what the eu is moving towards . 
  an ever closer union . 
  if remain ca n't form a cohesive argument for the staying in the eu then that is a problem with the eu . 
  nope . 
  actually overtook france recently . 
  the united kingdom is n't a small market and will mostly get a better deal making trade deals between two parties rather then negotiating as a bloc due the fact that other nations in the eu would be looking for concessions that may not apply / help the british economy . 
  the eu is not remaining as it is now . 
  there 's significant pushes to form a eu army and to form a ever closer union . 
  why should n't britions get to decide if thats what they want ? 
  i hardly think its arrogance to not be forced into giving up your country 's sovereignty by stealth . 
  there is nothing arrogant about not wanting to have your countries laws decided somewhere else . 
  are all small independent countries arrogant for not joining larger political unions . 
  are the swiss , the canadians and the norwegians all arrogant because they want to remain independent . 
  plus the uk has a larger gdp then three of the countries you listed . 
  its the 6th largest economy in the world . 
  its not like its a bloody backwater . 
  yes cause one thing the british have more than the french is arrogance . 
  sanctions and price of oil dropping to historical lows . 
  you gave her a look of disapproval . 
  she was punished enough . 
  nord stream is more pro-german . 
  ee is just angry about lost transit fees more then anything else . 
  its clear that merkel did n't opposed south stream out of pro-european grounds when germany 's expanding nord-stream so to act like schroder was just bowing to russia is just silly . 
  germany just successfully pulled with southstream what poland is trying to do with opposing nordstream . 
  keeping transit fees at home .
