  the driver stalled it and they had to bring in a worker from the factory to restart the engine . 
  it drove off under its own power . 
  edit : video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak8xkvblbn0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=637, 
  apparently they were getting more russian tours because it was cheaper . 
  your joking about ukraine but thats true . 
  i read a story about a shia muslim town in pakistan that does mountain climbing trips up nanga-parbat . 
  after it was repeatedly attacked by the taliban and several foreign tourists were killed almost every tourist group cancelled except for the russian ones . 
  normally the bears are russia n intelligence planes the tu-142 not actual strategic bombers as they ca n't record the nato interception protocols . 
  american planes are commonly intercepted along the russian border but they do n't make the news as often . 
  the plane actually fled into swedish airspace after a russian interception and the recent news story about the usaf complaining about the su27 pilot being overly aggressive in an interception . 
  but thats true it was international airspace . 
  15 % of lithuanians , and 50 % of the more german influenced baltic citizens would have survived . 
  the rest would have been exterminated . 
  i do n't believe the russian government would support the rebels advancing out of donbass at all . 
  russia 's banking on the war crippling the ukrainian gov until a more friendly government ( or at least more neutral like in georgia ) comes along . 
  advancing outside of the ato area would galvanize too much western support to be worth the risk . 
  plus donbass and kharkov is where the industry is . 
  not really . 
  its the last major city in donbass outside of rebel control . 
  the landbridge idea has always seen as more western speculation rather than rebel/russian strategy . 
  most info seem to suggest if the entirety of donbass was taken ( a big if ) an advance into kharkov would be more likely than advance further along the azov sea . 
  crimea corridor is a big jump , almost two full provinces away . 
  mariupol is a big enough prize on its own . 
  the factories steel there supply a quarter of ukraine 's foreign currency . 
  the chechens were n't really affiliated with aq during the first war and if any foreign nation was it involved it was the saudi 's with jihadists from sa and money being a big influence in kicking off the invasion of dagestan which lead to the second war . 
  support is not defend, 
  is n't libya in the middle of a proxy war between turkey and the gulf states ? 
  which army are they talking about ? 
  i do n't think it was genocide . 
  i think there was indifference , i think that churchill did n't really have any real concern for the issue . 
  for it to be genocide there is needs to be intent to wipe a out a race of people . 
  stalin is guilty of ethnic cleansing with his population transfers but as the yugoslav trials showed thats not considered genocide . 
  the whole idea that stalin would purposefully cripple russia 's number 1 export when trying to launch industrial revolution needs hard evidence . 
  the overstated production numbers supplied by soviet officials was problem throughout the country , was similar to problem in the soviet steel industry that lead to a number of problems with inferior steel crippling other soviet products . 
  furthermore similar problems a rose in china when introducing communism agriculture with the great famine so the issue was hardly limited to ukraine . 
  same as in soviet union party officials both high and low tried to cover up the extant of the issue for fear of being made a scapegoat which ( like in bengal but with rice ) in the ukraine was the idea that peasants were hoarding grain . 
  theres a world of difference in the intents between the famine of 32-33 and things like the der backe-plan . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/india/7991820/winston-churchill-blamed-for-1m-deaths-in-india-famine.html `` the united states and australia offered to send help but could n't because the war cabinet was not willing to release ships . 
  and when the us offered to send grain on its own ships , that offer was not followed up by the british , '' she added . 
  `` he ( churchill ) derided gandhi as a `` half-naked holy man '' and once said : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . '', 
  a pogrom is a little bit of an understandment, 
  go to / r/combatfootage . 
  both sides are posting drone vids of the other 's positions on the azov sea front . 
  the osce vehicles would n't be hard to spot . 
  depends on your definition of genocide . 
  some people believe it fits the definition . 
  however it seems to me that it was mostly an exercise in bad communist policies and stalin 's desire to grain sales to industrialize the soviet union . 
  the big issue was that the soviets expected the process of collectivization to increase grain production and set goals based on that for the purchase of foreign industry . 
  when collectivization had the opposite effect the grain sale figures were n't changed meaning more grain ( including grain seeds used for the next years harvest ) was taken then what was needed to feed the food producing areas of the su . 
  as the largest farming area ukraine suffered about 60-75 % of the deaths associated with the famine ( 4 to 6 million of a total of 6-8 million ) . 
  it could have been a targeted effort but that comes from speculation of stalin 's motives rather then historical documentation . 
  i would put on similar level to the bengal famine . 
  a preventable famine caused by poor policy decisions and misunderstanding by the government on the scope of the problem . 
  if you consider that a genocide then the holodomor is on a similar level but i do n't . 
  there will always be somewhere better then where you are now . 
  twenty thousand in detention in the year presiding the policy and a hundred after it was introduced . 
  it worked . 
  its the same as what happened with the pacific solution , you turn around a few boat and undermines the product . 
  would you pay a few thousand euros , risk death , and risk being towed back to libya . 
  the only issue with it is that it worked so well people forgot the problem and let it take root again under rudd . 
  isis is libya is merely a couple affiliated tribes that use the name for street cred not a serious faction in the civil war . 
  many are economic refugees . 
  they 're already in a second country but indonesia is poorer than many of their own . 
  the rudd surge was in 2007 after six years of war in afghanistan and four years of war in iraq . 
  to say that the pacific solution , which dropped the numbers from thousands before and when ended had thousands come again , had nothing to with the arrivals is ludicrous . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/32ewjn/osce_smm_spot_report_1166_explosions_around/ osce report, 
  is that the one the germans were complaining about for pulling numbers out of thin air . 
  as for the fighting it was dying down ( limited to checkpoints in disputed towns ) and both sides were n't advancing . 
  if ukrainian military commanders are blaming their own soldiers for attacking i do n't see how you can blame the separatists . 
  gun fights in towns that both sides had checkpoints is what fighting was limited to until this incident and even those were dying down . 
  must be a fun mental leap for you to blame the separatists when the ukrainian military is blaming right sector . 
  yeltsin was a traitor , gorbachev was just a well-meaning fool, 
  that cooperation started during the weimar republic and ended when hitler came to power . 
  wait for fighting to flare up again and purchase when it seems heaviest . 
  there will another cease fire eventually and the ruble will rise . 
  pigs will both fly and be completely debt free, 
  the difference between ukrainians and russians is only language . 
  putin is and will remain the moderate in kremlin . 
  he 's reliant on the nationalists since 2012 and they are barely satisfied with crimea . 
   roswell did n't happen in 1947 . 
  not 1950 move along citizen, 
  actually yes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93polish_non-aggression_pact, 
  i think they 're comparing them to russia, 
  [ russia at the moment ] ( http://cdn.gifstache.com/2013/6/12/1282694913_1632195367.gif ), 
  note : this happened in kiev not the rebel territories and is about a pro-ukrainian oligarch using the militia battalion he sponsored to seize control of a company . 
  if you 're attacking with less troops then you 're not doing your job . 
  i 'd recommend reading when titans clash . 
  its a great book on the eastern front goes into depth on the changes the soviet army went through during ww2 . 
  one of the reasons for bagration great success was that the soviets were able to mislead the german high command as to where the hammer would land and achieve massive operational superiority . 
  the brusilov offensive was one of the most innovative battles of era . 
  disregarding static battles and launching an engagement utilizing several tactics that were later adopted by the german army ( stormtrooper units ) . 
  while brusilov was sided lined for more traditional commanders his offensive was still the greatest allied victory of the war . 
  as for your mentioning of the napoleon campaign as an example of zerg rushing shows a complete disregard to the facts . 
  the russians never engaged napoleon in a decisive . 
  he was too good . 
  instead they harassed him as he marched deeper into russia preventing his forces from foraging for fear of attack and once he reached moscow and found it empty they forced his forces to march back the way they came ( across the areas they had already stripped clean of supplies ) ensuring the destruction of the largest army ever assembled by that point in history and lead by of history 's greatest generals without suffering the catastrophic defeats of every other european power . 
  yes because bagration , brusilov offensive and the defeat of the grandee armee was all due to zerg rushing . 
  no strategy at all . 
  they really must want that pipeline deal,
