the daily mail so the onion would be a better source . 
  aidar is worse then azov . 
  azov maybe neo-nazis but aidar are common bandits . 
  no one in the world would trust the ukraine with nuclear weapons . 
  if they had n't been sent to russia they would have been sold off by now to whatever tin-pot dictator who had the cash to bribe them . 
  is n't that the purpose of the un . 
  it was more the russian empire then the soviet union . 
  stalin brought population transfers back into fashion but it was mostly a tsarist policy . 
  three thousand would make almost every rebel and civilian in donbass a russian soldier . 
  even five hundred would be a gross over estimation . 
  news : bullets used in war come from major armament producing nations . 
  more tomorrow at 6 . 
  why ? 
  putin would love having guys like khodorkovsky leading the opposition . 
  nobody associated 90 's russia is ever going to be a viable alternative to putin . 
  yes, 
  i do n't know china might get there next . 
  read the memorandum . 
  uk and the us have more then fulfilled their obligations even if russia has broken theirs . 
  apparently the tartars and pro-ukrainians mostly boycotted the referendum . 
  not in realpolitik terms . 
  countries have never gone to war for morality , that is and always will be an afterthought . 
  if going to war will only weaken your position , even if you win it , why fight ? 
  the issue with this is that the ukrainian government might not survive making a deal . 
  even the farce of a ceasefire before the government offensive lead to protests in kiev . 
  the only way this war is going to end other then a total military victory is if both russian and ukraine can both claim ` victory ' . 
  after the rebel offensive agreeing to this would look like a capitulation . 
  its a small country claimed by a far more powerful one . 
  nobody cares unless they 've got a big protector . 
  its just a fact of politics . 
  surrendering requires you giving up your weapons . 
  you ca n't wave a white flag as you drive away in a tank and not expect to be attacked . 
  the commander of donbas battalion ( a pro-ukrainian milita ) is blaming the government for telling them that they could leave with their weapons and vehicles . 
  this is despite the dnr pm holding a press conference before hand that any withdrawal would only be allowed once the military had disarmed . 
  you know what they say , third times the charm . 
  do n't mention it to germany though . 
  russia had been trying to control afghanistan for centuries . 
  they even made a game of it with britain . 
  apparently it was a pretty great game . 
  they tried to . 
  the rebels trapped them between the rebel cities and the russian border and forced them to surrender . 
  you mean she 's planning on invading russia once its put its guard down ? 
  i did read the article and my comment was a joke about the british agent, 
  did he lock himself inside a bag ? 
  al-nursa is the most powerful faction within the rebels . 
  its either them or isis who would take control if assad fell . 
  i meant the one russia 's building in syria, 
  russia is building refugee camps in the area it controls . 
  why not fund those ? 
  edit : in syria, 
  plus its click bait on the facebook feed . 
  if you 've ever worked in a political office you 'd have seen the same thing . 
  i 'd hardly trust / u/walt _ ua on the subject of russia . 
  so guards at the russian naval base, 
  i like it . 
  tastes almost as good as kangaroo . 
  isis originally attacked syria from their strongholds in iraq . 
  isis is an iraqi organisation . 
  its merkel 's fault for this latest surge in numbers that only want to go to germany . 
  the german government was happy to ignore the issue when it affected the southern states . 
  now that they 've made it their own problem everyone needs to pitch in and help aye ? 
  it would be interesting to see how the javelin stakes up the new generation of active protection systems . 
  at the moment the involvement is with trainers and advisers . 
  he does n't rule out the possibility of direct russian engagement in the future . 
  hey that 's not true . 
  they 're donating millions of dollars in weapons to make sure those refugees ca n't return home . 
  they opened the cities because they defeated in the field by the coalition of rival central american cities and the spanish . 
  the aztecs were well aware they were n't gods . 
  bit of an over-statement . 
  russians have recently gifted/sold a number of modern/upgraded vehicles to assad in recent months and no russian units are in combat . 
  there is a suspicion based on the performance ( not being complete idiots ) of saa units in a couple recent videos that russians are on the ground advising/leading but not actually fighting . 
  the aircraft story is a possibility but they could be just the new fighters that assad ordered to replace his air force 's own losses though in the past russia has been known to supply pilots with the aircraft . 
  the us has never bombed assad and does n't plan to . 
   they bombed a dictator to support rival-tribes who agreed to favorable oil deals in exchange ftfy, 
  to be fair if rt launched a show about russia under nato attack everyone here would call it propaganda . 
  really ? 
  operation bagration was the most decisive allied operation of the war . 
  thats a bit sad as it is , along with august storm , the red army 's finest hour in terms of strategy . 
  just a question . 
  is bagration a big thing in russian ww2 education or not ? 
  egypt and canada have already decided not to go with it . 
  india is the best possibility but are looking to build up their domestic military industry in favour of foreign imports ( a policy that already led to the demise of the last french-indian arms deal ) . 
  there 's the claims that all shelling of rebel cities is done by the rebels themselves even the case of osce verification . 
  the most famous one of course is when the ukrainian government claimed an su-25 airstrike that killed a lot of civilians ( no armed rebels ) was caused by the rebels launching a missile into an air conditioner despite it being caught on video . 
  sure but my point was memorandum is very weak on terms of guarantees of action . 
  it never even promised to do so in the even t of nuclear war . 
  the west would be meeting their treaty commitments even if putin had nuked kiev . 
  different roosevelt . 
  franklin not teddy . 
  hypocrisy has never been an impediment to international policy, 
  all the scientists that knew how to build them have left and the process of starting production of a nuclear weapon would be very obvious to anyone who 's watching . 
  ukraine would be falling apart right now even without the war . 
  throw in sanctions and it would completely collapse . 
  ukraine does n't have the know how , it does n't have the money and if ukraine thinks they are n't getting enough support now wait till they say they gon na start building a bomb . 
  that would go against the precedent that states that are broken up have to broken up on administrative borders . 
  soviet breakup and kosovo independence, 
  no more willingly than russia itself . 
  the wasa . 
  i was expecting a bit more history than just the ship . 
  at least some naval history from sweden 's imperial age .
