  half his mistresses . 
  air independent propulsion , better sound reduction in terms of design and materials . 
  at least for the designs in service next 10 years diesel will have an advantage over nuclear boats . 
  new diesel boats are quieter too and as detection methods advance even a little bit more noise can make the difference . 
  considering the rebels were shelling the routes the russians opened for civilians to escape i do n't think they 're entirely to blame, 
  diesel submarines do have advantages over nucs though . 
  the lack of noise allows them to be much more silent which has seen diesal subs from allied nations frequently searchs by cbgs in exercises ( and inflict losses ) . 
  as offensive weapons they lack the range but for defence they maybe the better choice . 
  you can hardly blame russia for trying to get the highest price possible when there 's no competition . 
  that 's just standard business tactics . 
  they 're happy to take russian money from transit fees . 
  bit hypocritical to complain about other countries taking it . 
  i was saying the polish claim did n't make sense . 
  the polish government is just throwing shade because they pulled out the helicopter deal they offered as an incentive to france to cancel the mistral contract . 
  this particularly stupid because russia has just signed a deal to sell a large number of navalised attack helicopters to egypt . 
  the only reason to buy them would be for the mistrals . 
  they caught putin ? 
  what 's a belgium ? 
  modernizing military units is n't really that unusual . 
  they 're replacing older missiles of the same role in the enclave . 
  its like saying that the poland buying new tanks to replace the old ones is intended as a threat . 
  not being embargoed and being friends is a bit different . 
  considering the state department would n't confirm it and rferl is the us equivalent of rt i would hold on accepting this story just yet . 
  i 'm sure considering brexit has n't happened yet that this wo n't be a waste of money and time . 
  because the minsk agreement stipulated that if it were brought into force then sanctions from russia 's involvement in eastern ukraine would be lifted . 
  considering ukraine had just due ukrainian political difficulties ( the far right launched a grenade attack on parliament when it was voted on ) the stages of amnesty for the rebel fighters and devolution of powers to the regions have not been enforced with the rebels ( understandably ) not willingly to ceded border control until it is done . 
  russia 's arguing that if ukrainian is n't willing to enforce the agreement they signed with germany and france why should the sanctions relief be held up when they filled their end of the bargain by bringing in a ceasefire ( which broadly is still holding , the only advances have been government troops ) . 
  funnily enough portugal is the only european country to have their capital in the americas, 
  so it 's harder for anyone else to leave . 
  what so they can jointly underfund their military ? 
  yes . 
  everyone and their mothers expected crimea to be a flashpoint . 
  books were written about it . 
  and i thought corbyn was the lunatic, 
  the rebels are n't going to agree to that before amnesty and special status ( as intended by the agreement ) . 
  they not suicidal . 
  talking about bandera and his merry band of glorified mass murderers, 
  you think they had no choice to commit genocide against the poles ? 
  that 's a bit racist, 
  with a bat, 
  in regards to the moral aspect i do n't feel any particular compulsion to help someone using the threat of suicide to force me to do something . 
  people are naturally interested in self-preservation . 
  if you make clear you wo n't help they wo n't sabotage their boats . 
  at most you only have to let one or two boatloads drown before they get the message . 
  or simply send them back to their launching point in one way rafts for the same effect . 
  the more you encourage the behavior the more it happens . 
  less would die in the long term if the boats were turned back because the flow of boats would stop . 
  turn back the boats and they stop coming . 
  enable them and they 'll keep coming and more people will die . 
  do n't think it counts as rescue if they 're sabotaging their own boats . 
   goodwill you misspelled economic self-interest . 
  so basically just the french ? 
  i see someone is worried about their single digit approval rating . 
  they extended the runaways to make it usable for the tu-22 ( aug 17 us state department briefing ) which seems to be alot of work for a single days strike ( or two days now ) . 
  too be fair no-one did . 
  it was a stuff-up by the east-german minister in charge . 
  he accidentally said the wall would be coming down immediately rather then gradually like the ddr intended . 
  that was the only troop movements that were mentioned . 
  the western district would be responsible for any east ukrainian intervention and the us is saying they 're not concerned . 
   `` we do n't necessarily see any evidence of troop movements that are so large that we are concerned about those on their own , '' general trowbridge said . 
   u.s. officials , speaking to reuters on condition of anonymity , said they saw no firm indications of any new russian military activity pointing to fresh intervention in ukraine . 
   one u.s. official noted a recent rotation of several divisions of russian forces into crimea to relieve an equal number , which have since departed . 
  [ rape and torture videos found on tornado battalion members ' phones ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/3ahuzr/rape_and_torture_videos_found_on_tornado/ ), 
  its not like the volunteer battalions have n't been doing similar recently . 
  the power line sabotage ( supported by the ukrainian government ) and the attempted blockade of crimea . 
  not to mention another volunteer battalion seizing trucks from russia . 
  turks are n't tribal . 
  they 're probably the nationalist country in europe . 
  this is an outrage . 
  australia is the nation founded by criminals we should be number one . 
  i believe the germans requested a modification of the soi protocol giving them more of poland in exchange for giving up their interests in lithuania . 
  no its literally not . 
  did poland ally with germany when they split czechoslovakia ? 
  it was n't even really an alliance . 
  stalin thought he was being a genius by getting germany to recognize his conquests in the baltic region and staying out what he thought would be a rerun of the ww1 stalemate between the allies and germany weakening both while the soviet army began mechanization . 
  the last thing he wanted or expected was a quick german ( or allied ) victory in the west, 
  that military cooperation agreement ended after hitler came into power . 
  they were n't the only one  on 22 may , juliusz \u0141ukasiewicz , the polish ambassador to france , told the french foreign minister georges bonnet that if france moved against germany in defense of czechoslovakia : `` we shall not move . '', 
  \u0141ukasiewicz also told bonnet that poland would oppose any attempt by soviet forces to defend czechoslovakia from germany . 
  daladier ( the french pm ) told jakob surits , the soviet ambassador to france : `` not only can we not count on polish support but we have no faith that poland will not strike us in the back . '', 
  depends on the area of the black economy . 
  things like prostitution and drugs are sometimes measured ( like recently with the uk ) but with alot of ukrainian governmental corruption being things like bank fraud and cheap sales of government assets to oligarchs the money is moved out of the ukrainian economy to tax havens , like panama in the case of poroshenko , which means the money actually stops circulating inside the country as opposed to the standard bribes which remain mostly in the domestic economy . 
  it did n't cause the drop from $ 10000 to $ 7700 . 
  the slow growth from $ 7400 to $ 7700 can be attributed somewhat to the war though i still hold that the bigger issue is corruption . 
  the deleted comment was blaming russia for the decrease in gdp in 2016 . 
  i was just illustrating that the drop ( or lack of growth ) had more to with corruption in the ukraine then the war . 
  it was $ 7400 in 2012 . 
  honestly corruption is doing more damage to ukraine as a whole then the civil war in donbass . 
   and yet when polled on which is more urgent -- the war against pro-russian rebels or the war against corruption -- ukrainians say it 's corruption , by a margin of more than two-to-one . 
  got to pad the retirement fund somehow . 
  ukraine should worry more about the thieves in kiev then the russians . 
  one is more likely to destroy ukraine then the other . 
  a memorandum is n't a guarantee . 
  it 's literally designed so there is no legal commitment and is one step up legally from a gentlemen 's agreement . 
  that 's just the sort of germanisation that brexit will put a stop too , 
  as an anglo it 's clear that mayor should be given a medal for his attempt to civilise the german, 
  sure but for a defensive alliance they add nothing but vulnerabilities . 
  the russians see this and assume the only reason they would be allowed into the alliance is because of their benefit if someone decided to attack russia . 
  russian political and military doctrine has always been more interested in capacity rather motive . 
  there was no point .
