   ~ ~ australians ~ ~ / r/australia do n't deny this , they just insist he got a name change to , `` tony abbot . '', 
  ftfy, 
  no wonder so many people are vacationing there, 
  the 50 they killed in the il-76 shoot-down were paratroopers sent to reinforce the fight at lugansk airport not non-combatants ( 40 paratroopers and 9 pilots/crew to be exact ) . 
  eu yes , euro no, 
  i believe the correct term is soviet reunion, 
  the boats are turned around, 
  the numbers arriving in the camps we set up have dropped from 20587 in 2013 to 0 in 2014 . 
  its just the one still in the camps who are in a bit of a state of limbo . 
  bush was far more active than a typical vp . 
  reagan was suffering from alzheimer 's during his second term . 
  after nato abused the last security council mandate on libya maybe objections are warranted . 
  or because the libyan cockup began with a n abused un mandate, 
  [ an egg for an egg makes the whole world smell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm23uqpyedc ), 
  the planes are built for the specific variant they just use the same design . 
  its not like the usaaf grabs 707 from a passenger fleet when they need a recon plane . 
  many of the russian flights use tu-142 which are a recon plane just mounted on a bear platform rather than a modified civilian plane . 
  the empire strikes back 's twist must have seemed pretty obvious in the netherlands huh, 
  excellent . 
  time to buy rubles again . 
  i 've got sources saying the town center is controlled by the pro-russians with ukrainians holding about 30 % of the town though that is liable to change as both sides rush reinforcements in . 
  poroshenko has called martial law more than the shepherd called wolf . 
  the prerequisite always changes after the the previous one is fulfilled . 
  he only says it to prevent political rivals from using it against him . 
  have a look who was banned by the eu . 
  its very similar level people . 
  nothing to do with the russians just 20 years of corrupt officials stripping any funding from the army . 
  if anything russian military orders kept the ukrainian defence industry alive . 
   `` slavyansk , konstantinovka , krasnoarmeysk - these are all cities that belong to the dnr , '' zaharchenko said . 
  `` if the possibility arises that we can free these territories using political means , we are going to make use of it . '', 
  at least they 're not talking about starting a new offensive . 
  hardly anything new , the rebels claim the entirety of both donbass regions and slavyansk was the original rebel stronghold . 
  tit for tat sanctions, 
  it was yeltsin . 
  he offered to also sell karelia apparently . 
  he needed to pad his bank account . 
  yanukovich was hardly his agent . 
  russia apparently had to both threaten to crash the ukrainian economy and offer a much better deal to get him to not sign the eu agreement . 
  source : https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/04/02/americans-if-russia-attacks-defend-britain-not-ukr/ breakdown of poll here : https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http%3a%2f%2fcdn.yougov.com%2fcumulus_uploads%2fdocument%2f9guwir1v5e%2ftabs_opi_nato_20140331.pdf, 
  not much different though russia will likely be willing to other more in the short term to draw moldova back into its orbit . 
  plus with the moldovan historic economic links with russia as well as the large amount of moldovan guest workers the short term benefit would likely be better than the eu . 
  currently joining the eu offers better long term outlook but europe does n't look like its offering and moldova 's current pro-eu politicians are n't working towards a future where they would be offered eu membership anyway . 
  it was the pro-eu party 's foreign minister who said that . 
  politicians are n't known for respecting people who disagree with them . 
  ukraine says a lot of things, 
  no belgium partition , no east prussia ( memel ! ), 
  and france lacking its natural borders . 
  its still one the two strongest in the europe union by a large margin . 
   federal law `` prevents parliamentary investigations from seeking to establish the guilt of specific individuals involved in committing a crime, 
  it does n't really . 
  the article states the economic outlook is still unsteady and russia merely outlasted its rivals in ukraine who have important fp issues elsewhere rather than any strategic genius on putin 's part . 
  no they do n't . 
  they have respectable equipment . 
  both sides were committing ethnic cleansing that 's why russian peacekeepers were brought in . 
  so kosovo is also an illegitimate state propped up by nato by your logic . 
  its not recognised by the un either . 
  you 're seeing what is a very grey issue in black and white terms which is quite unfortunate . 
  russian peacekeepers were brought in under the agreement of all sides in 1992 . 
  it was only in 2008 that their presence was disputed by georgia ( as they prepared to attack the separatist areas ) . 
  if anything the russians had a more legitimate mandate then the kosovo command which was introduced against a un mandate and only become legal after serbia agreed post a heavy bombing campaign of civilian infrastructure . 
  so if serbia attacked kosovo and killed nato soldiers they would be justified ? 
  of course they 're concerned . 
  georgia attacked and killed russian peacekeepers seven years ago . 
  it was the first total war . 
  dresden and tokyo are testaments to that . 
  10-11 million war dead of which a third were pows who died in nazi camps . 
  cyprus as well, 
  presidents of kazakhstan , armenia , azerbaijan , and india are there as well . 
  cheap russian gas and transit fees gave ukraine a great advantage . 
  its own corruption is the reason for its sorry state . 
  post from / r/badhistory that explains it better then me  hitler was an ethnic german , as are most austrians . 
  the emphasis on the difference between germany and austria is a post-world war ii idea as austria was , like bavaria and prussia , a state of the german confederation . 
  pan-germanism was a pan-nationalist idea of uniting all german populations of europe into a gro\u00dfdeutschland ; one of the principle populations of germans was austria and this formed a precedent for anschluss . 
  pan-germanism itself is much older than nazism and was one of the principle ideas behind the bismarckian unification of the disparate german states in 1871 , though austria was purposefully excluded to assure prussian leadership in the new german empire as the kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung ( lesser german solution ) to the german question . 
  at very least you have to admit at the time of pre end of ww2 the accepted world view was that austrians were a german subgroup on a level of prussians or bavarians, 
  are you also saying bavarians are not ethnically german . 
  here is an ethnic map of the austrian empire . 
  what ethnicity resides in present day austria ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  ethnicity is different from nationality . 
  austrians are germans ethically . 
  stalin is ethnically georgian . 
  he was citizen of the russian empire . 
  austria came from a german grand duchy . 
  if hannover was still independent it 's population would still be ethnically german . 
  plus russians have use different words for those ethnically russian and those who are russian citizens . 
  it was called the holy roman empire of the german nation . 
  and as i said before ethnicity is different from nationality . 
  there is no such thing as a ethnic austrian . 
  it 's like east slav vs russian . 
  he was of austrian nationality but german ethnicity . 
  austrian 's are ethnic germans, 
  a non-aggression treaty is not an alliance . 
  they had a common enemy in poland . 
  the pact was ensure soviet neutrality ( that being the key ) in exchange for not opposing soviet expansion in eastern europe . 
  for stalin it saw his two biggest rivals , germany and the western european powers , embroiled in what was expected to be a long war . 
  the soviets were trying to join a western coalition against germany until they refused in favour the munich agreement . 
  stalin expected germany and the western nations to weaken each other in a long ww1 style war . 
  nobody including the germans expect france to fall so quickly . 
  hitler was german,
