  ukraine needed a massive amount of funds to avoid an economic collapse . 
  apparently the russians brought a folder showing all the economic consequences of ukraine losing favoured trading status in regards to gas , loans and tariffs which would hasten the collapse and then offered a $ 15 billion dollar loan as a carrot . 
  the eu offered nothing on that scale and any assistance was tied to reforms that while necessary were impossible for a president seeking reelection to agree to . 
  a compromise deal was float by ukrainians with the lukewarm support of the russians of ukrainian joining the eurasian union and signing the associate agreement but lithuania , as eu president , apparently gave an ultimatum to choose one or the other . 
  here i thought that the 2010 ukrainian election seen by all international organizations observing the election as fair . 
  thankingfully you must have some other information . 
  and yes he was massively corrupt but so is every ukrainian politician . 
  though they have made some progress now they just put the oligarchs in power directly rather than having them buy politicians . 
  you mean yanukovych the democratically elected president who tried to get the best deal for his country in face of massive eu and russian pressure . 
  what dictatorship ? 
  yeah i remember that statement, 
  no offense but everyone and their mother knew that the crimean intervention was by russian regulars . 
  however , besides during the august offensive however russian military units have not been deployed in combat in donbass and even nato believes it was only 2 to 3 battalions during that period . 
  the refugees are mostly fleeing into russia rather than europe . 
  i stand correct however the statement is still disingenuous . 
  theres enough weapons in russian storage for many more years of war . 
  they do n't even need to buy the fuel to send them across the border . 
  no evidence was provided other then a reference to the un 's ocha report which made no mention of any civilian causalities at all . 
  besides reading their reporting, 
  i do n't think corbyn even knows the words to rule britannia . 
  the revolutionary peasant . 
  did n't this come up here before . 
  i remember a russian poster explaining it was due to most russians owning their apartments without mortgages . 
  lets dispel this fiction that romson did n't what she was doing . 
  she knew exactly what she was doing . 
  for christ sake putin is bad but he 's not a bloody ginger, 
  the article has a point but the maginot line metaphor is a classic example of bad history . 
  the whole point of the maginot line was to force the germans to attack through belgium and it was successful in that . 
  a more accurate parallel would be that the terrorists deciding to attack belgium instead due the defenses in france . 
  turkey literally said there would be consequences for bombing the turkmen rebels a few days before hand and the shoot down ( considering the plane was in turkish airspace for 17secs and was out by the time of the missile strike/possibly launch ) had every sign of being a prepared action as i doubt the turkish government would have time to make that decision if it was a spare of the moment thing . 
  as for it not making sense its erdogan . 
  the guy 's foreign policy is built entirely on pissing off as many people as possible for the stupidest reasons possible . 
  turkey did n't shoot down the plane because it violated its airspace . 
  it shot it down because it was bombing rebels they supported . 
  and russia stepped up the bombing on those rebels massively after the shoot down . 
  also with the deployment of aa and fighters turkey is no longer able to enter syrian airspace preventing them from bombing the kurds or supporting their rebel groups . 
  russia went to town on turkish shipments to the rebels and on oil shipments to turkey after the shootdown . 
  they also started providing weapons and diplomatic recognition to syrian kurds . 
  even without the economic sanctions turkey suffered a lot geopolitically for the shootdown . 
  from that article :  according to the lithuanian ministry of national defence , the choppers were not detected on the radar . 
   the border guard service chief said the information on the incident was submitted to the armed forces , who are now either to confirm or deny the violation of border . 
  an army representative said there might have been no violation , as the helicopters were spotted from a long distance . 
  try telling them that, 
   smolensk incident lol, 
  could poland into space ? 
  he 's a fairly rational actor . 
  he 's a dick but he knows how far he can go and get away with it . 
  you might not like his goals but he does normally accomplishes them fairly well . 
  to be fair russia can only get to kaliningrad by flying near baltic airspace . 
  [ news report on putin 's deathsquads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dbp4bimrfu ), 
  the intervention was actually done fairly cheaply entirely out of the training budget . 
  which makes sense because besides a few modern munitions tests most of the ordnance used was from old soviet stockpiles . 
  just use itunes , 
   vladimir putin , the russian president , has previously also been accused by nato of intentionally fuelling the refugee crisis by bombarding civilian centres in order to `` break '' europe . 
  from the article, 
  always knew merkel was a russian agent . 
  seriously though most of the refugees came through before russia and the saa really started launching successful offensives in december and the rebel areas are far more depopulated than those of the kurds and the regime . 
  if anything russia has reduced the refugee flow from what it would have been if the syrian government collapsed like it was about to in september . 
  they still govern two thirds of the population who live in syria . 
  allied with the current pm as well, 
  metal, 
  as if the quality of the weapons have anything to do with who gets saudi weapons contracts . 
  its all about the quality of the bribes . 
  wars these days are often decided by demographics . 
  the baltics have that defence at least . 
  lol goodnight, 
  well my grandmother is from belarus, 
  well its pretty clear i 'm right so i do n't mind educating, 
  yes everyone who disagrees with you is a shill . 
  yeah ca n't be that it 's bloody 2am and i 'm too tired to just talk to someone who ca n't see beyond their own biases, 
  we 're not talking about the campaign were talking about the specific incidents . 
  and as for the rebellion in the east the kiev government only has itself to blame . 
  if they punished those responsible for the odessa massacre , if they did n't send groups of far-right bandits into donbass ( aidar and azov especially ) , if they did n't support oligarchs who bragged about taking pro-russians out to woods to be shoot extra-judicially and if they shore up their support by sending troops in when the protestors were by large ( beyond a group of radical russian groups who had crossed the border ) no more violent than in maiden then the large majority of donbass residents would n't have felt that supporting the russian supported rebels was in their best interests . 
  they radicalised the protests just as much as assad did in syria . 
  ca n't have people seizing government buildings and * over * throwing lawful governments . 
  too bad they did n't send the army into kiev, 
  yes but do you condemn this incident like the mh17 incident . 
  it like this one was without a clear intent to harm civilians . 
  should we condemn the ukrainian government for the actions of this pilot if we condemn russian government and the rebels for mh17 for the crew of that buk ? 
  what ? 
  i was making the point that bitching about someone trying to shoot down jets is a bit weak when they were bombing not just military targets but civilian areas as well . 
  or are you going to go to the air conditioner excuse ? 
  because maybe air force did this to lugansk should n't bitch when somebody tries to shoot them down https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bwlmw4138u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz4g7r0q5sw ( nsfl ), 
  that 's what the op said and what i responding to . 
  though beyond france and britain the other major eu militaries of germany and italy are far more impressive on paper then in a major conflict . 
  nato forces would require a major build up to drive an entrenched russian force out the baltics . 
  one thing the article missed that is especially bad for turkey is that the syrian kurds have all but joined in a tavt alliance with assad and the russians against the free syrian army and the turks . 
  want to bet to see if its true or not ? 
  reddit gold it turns out they came from a north african country, 
  name a north african country that is n't, 
  by that logic should the eu start sanctioning ukraine as they are n't following the minsk agreement then ? 
  the rebellion was confined to a single city when the intervention happened . 
  it was basically one tribe and a couple jihadist groups rebelling . 
  better chance at an early election if the coalition collapses . 
  the fatherland party has already pulled out of the coalition and another party is considering it . 
  akhmetov pressured his mps . 
  he and yats are allies . 
  they moved more fighters in after the shoot down . 
  su35s and mig29s to back up the su30s that were sent there early . 
  the saa has achieved some significant advances in east aleppo against isis .
