i understand your position fully . 
  i 'm simply trying to provide some perspective from the other side , we 're a small country like yours that was chewed up and spat out after the 2008 crisis . 
  go for it if you feel like you must , but do n't be under any illusion that the eu cares about you . 
  it 's not a humanitarian organisation , at its very core it 's simply a trade bloc with a political apparatus slapped on top to provide a thin veneer of democratic legitimacy . 
  if you think that the benefits of adopting the euro ( currency stability , easier trade etc. ), 
  outweigh the negative aspects ( no control over interest rates , no control over money supply ) then that choice is yours as a nation and i hope that it works out for you . 
  of course , i was n't implying that something as important as joining a fiscal union would be debated , ratified and ushered through the political machinery simply on the back of what 's happening just now in ukraine . 
  i simply meant that a lot of the lithuanian * commenters * in this thread seem to either have no real idea , or a very rose tinted view of what this is all about ; more than a few times i 've read people arguing that they think that it 's a great idea because of the ukrainian conflict and integrating further into the european sphere of influence is a ` good thing ' as it keeps your country out of the russian sphere of influence , which should n't have anything to do with the decision ; why you support it or why you are against it . 
  on the flipside , giving away control over interest rates to the ecb can lead to some interesting problems , like cheap credit which leads to housing bubbles in periphery nations when the germans decide that low interest rates are necessary for * their * economy . 
  the usual response is that these periphery nations need to increase taxation to prevent a housing bubble from occurring - as monetary policy is n't the only tool in the basket for dealing with these issues . 
  honestly though , what government is willingly going to * increase * taxation and make themselves unpopular ? 
  we see this time and time again . 
  call it a problem with democracy if you want , but it ** is ** a problem . 
  a fiscal union without proper redistribution mechanisms ( more akin to the system in the us ) , where states that are doing well pay more taxes and recieve less economic aid than ones that are struggling is a serious flaw of the euro . 
  couple this with a tendency for capital to flow from the periphery states to the more developed member states , and national industries collapsing under competition from , or being acquired by larger firms from central states when barriers to entry are torn down , and it raises some serious issues with the way the eu is run as a whole . 
  even and prosperous economic development of all member states is not a goal of the eu . 
  lithuania needs to be careful about this , and not jump head-first into further european integration based on a russophobic knee-jerk reaction to current events . 
  there needs to be a weighing of the pros and cons , and i do n't see people talking about the latter very much . 
   ireland would be occupied within a matter of days . 
  this is probably the third time i 've had to reiterate my position - i 'm well aware of ireland 's impotency . 
  you seem to be under the illusion that i 'm arguing this point . 
  if nato fell and ireland * was * a part of the coalition , it would be invaded within days anyway . 
  do you not understand that it 's better from a diplomatic point of view to be neutral and impotent , than an impotent belligerent on the losing side of a conflict ? 
  i 'm not putting forward neutrality as some idealistic shield against foreign aggression , and it certainly has nothing to do with morality . 
  you 're flat out strawmanning me now . 
  it 's simply a realistic position that provides us with the most flexibility during , and after a conflict of the magnitude we 're discussing . 
  let me spell it out for you so i do n't have to say it all again : * 1 ) european forces win ; the status quo is maintained . 
  * 2 ) european forces lose ; the status quo shifts and ireland establishes itself within the new framework of international relations . 
  having not been a belligerent in the war , we 're in a better position than other countries . 
  * 3 ) european forces lose to some genocidal fuck like hitler ; we 're fucked if we 're neutral and we 're fucked if we 're not . 
  either way , ireland is n't going to be the decisive factor in any such conflict what is so difficult to grasp about this ? 
  i was joking about expanding on ireland 's role in wwii . 
  the reasons you listed were at the top of my mind when i originally wrote '' ( pseudo ) policy of neutrality '' - that and allowing us planes through shannon over the past ten years or so . 
  yes please, 
   neutrality is viable only if you can enforce it . 
  i disagree completely . 
  you 're right that we ca n't enforce neutrality . 
  my point was never that we should retreat into a shell , throw up the barricades and fend off the world . 
  we have ~ 10,000 in our armed forces . 
  it 's completely unrealistic to think that . 
  to say that neutrality is n't a viable , or a useful position to take though is n't correct . 
  my point was simply that if there * is * a conflict , * and * ireland finds itself in a situation where britain , france , germany and all of the other strong european states fail - it 's better to neutral than a losing , insignificant belligerent in such a war . 
  if it 's a wwii scenario of racial extermination etc. 
  and things end in catastrophe ; well , you 're fucked anyway . 
  if it 's more akin to wwi , inter-imperialist rivalry - then you maintain your infrastructure and can get to work fitting yourself into the new social and economic order without having pissed off the victor . 
  you can argue that it 's not a particularly noble , or high minded view of how nations should conduct themself , but it does n't bother me . 
  as for your analysis of neutral countries in wwii , you 've done a fantastic job - but left out one that 's probably the most pertinent to the discussion . 
  ireland . 
  if you 're referring to the troubles in northern ireland as britain being `` attacked '' in the 1970s , i 'd have to disagree . 
  my immediate thought was the falklands , but that was 1982 . 
  regardless , i do n't think either of them are particularly good instances of poor old britain being attacked - it 's more along the lines of people that have historically been oppressed by the british empire looking to assert themselves to reclaim land that was stolen from them . 
  but , that 's a different matter entirely . 
  in the case of the falklands it 's a bit more complex , as far as i 'm aware they were uninhabited anyway ... 
  does n't stop them feeling like they 're being hard done by though . 
   why would finland want to send troops to help british interest ? 
  or greeks want to help german corporations ? 
  we 're talking about a federal europe and a european army , not a supranational union like we have now . 
  as you said yourself , i think that an army in which the members could vote whether or not to participate in war would defeat the purpose of that army . 
  it 's either all or nothing . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not against the use of armed force at all . 
  i 'm not even against a unified europe or a european army in some absolutist sense . 
  i 'm simply against an extension of power of the existing relations between european states * as they are . 
  * the eu is a largely undemocratic , hostile organisation that centralises economic and political power in the hands of the two ( possibly three ) largest states , to the detriment of almost everybody else . 
  pursuing tighter integration and a unified army under the existing leadership is not my idea of a good future . 
  not to sound like a typical communist , but a european union of socialist republics is something that i could get behind . 
  the existing european union where the weakest countries , countries whose economies were never capable of production on a scale to compete with the more advanced economies are n't given stimulus packages or aid to rectify their path of uneven development after the national industries fail ; but are castigated with ignorant , near racist , tropes about being lazy southern europeans is not something that i think is worth pursuing further . 
  a defensive union , yes . 
  i simply do n't believe that anybody could offer reassurances that a defensive union is possible as long as europe is organised the way it is . 
  as long as that is the case , i 'll always advocate irish neutrality . 
  i disagree that the point of a military is to prevent attacks . 
  it sounds like the noble shite you hear when people try to get you to enlist , but military action is simply an extension of politics , in particular foreign policy . 
  when was the last time that the us , britain , france or any other western powers used their military in a defensive manner ? 
  probably about 1945 . 
  in the meantime , the military forces of these countries have been active protecting the * interests * of their respective nations from vietnam to iraq . 
  if you 're going to tell me that a european army , which serves a european state is going to just be a purely * defensive * force , i 'm not buying it . 
  if you 're asking me if i want to join up to serve the interests of german corporations and french and british finance capital , then i 'll take a big fat pass on that . 
  this is what a european army will be used for , * not * fending off a mass land invasion - particularly in an age where we have nuclear weapons . 
   how did being neutral help denmark/belgium/sweden , etc. ? 
  it worked better for sweden than it did for belgium and denmark . 
  it worked better for switzerland than it did for all of them , and neutrality worked well enough for ireland during wwii . 
  it would have worked better if we were n't so stubborn around trade agreements with the uk . 
  there are many factors to take into account when considering if neutrality is the right policy , and geography is certainly one of them . 
  this is n't about wwii though , and i actually think that ireland * should * have participated with the allies as an independent nation , given that it was a fight against fascism . 
  if we 're discussing a hypothetical scenario more akin to wwi , which is what i envisage any future conflict to be , a war between two imperialist blocs of nations ; i certainly think that ireland should abstain from any such conflict and maintain its neutrality . 
  fascism is a very special case . 
  you 'll have to excuse me if i do n't feel a compelling desire to die for a `` european state '' . 
  particularly if it 's going to be a successor to the eu ; an institution that has shown a sheer disregard for the lives of people in peripheral countries such as ireland and greece . 
  if you want to offer trite , superficial analyses i 'm happy to reciprocate . 
  just look at what neutrality did to switzerland in both world wars . 
  ireland is not a continental european country . 
  nobody needs to pass through it . 
  it 's the most western country in europe and is surrounded by sea . 
  unless we 're being invaded by the states , ireland is of little strategic advantage to anybody - so your attempt to draw a parallel between ireland , belgium and the netherlands is intellectually dishonest . 
  no , it would n't . 
  what on earth does a small country like ireland have to gain by taking sides in international conflicts among powerful states ? 
  neutrality makes sense for us . 
  playing at war with the french and the brits is just ridiculous . 
  putting it bluntly , nobody needs ireland 's 10,000 rifles and we do n't need their help either . 
  ending ireland 's ( pseudo ) policy on neutrality by joining up to some pan-european army would simply burn a lot of bridges and make us a target in any possible future conflicts .
