  further , you ignore everything i say about the rather moderate proposal of the state stepping in to finance industrial development where the private sector has * so abysmally failed * and decide to pretend that having a singular state bank is an undesirable thing - as if the current situation was somehow a more desirable option . 
  you 're probably one of the most intellectually dishonest commenters on / r/europe i 've come across . 
  i wish i had a medal or something for you . 
  they should be angry because the scope of the greek banking crisis was n't limited purely to greece . 
  had greece and other periphery nations allowed their banks to fail , there would have been a german banking crisis too as a result of atrocious german banking regulations . 
  this entire debate is framed as a ` greek problem ' when in reality it was just as much a german problem . 
  the difference is , the germans were much smarter on a political level , ensuring that the greeks socialised the debt at a national level while they shored up their banking system by divesting themselves of bad periphery loans when they got the chance in 2011/2012 - thus passing the burden of securing the european financial system down to the average greek . 
  to address the other part of your question , they 're harmed by bailing out the banks as the so-called ` moral ' principle behind debt is that the creditor takes a risk in loaning money , and as a result is entitled to interest repayments as a result of both the risk and the opportunity cost of lending . 
  when you make a series of bad loans , it 's not up to the taxpayer to reimburse you for your crap decisions by slashing pensions and destroying the national economy with punitive economic policies . 
  in the good times , you make profit and in the bad times - joe soap steps in to bail you out . 
  the banks should have been allowed to fail and the state should have stepped in to perform the function of financial capital where the private sector so abysmally failed . 
   of odious debt is only something that powerful nations at times apply on regimes they overthrow , right ? 
  wrong . 
  see [ this comment with un documentation source . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c4lo3/hello_fellow_europeans_i_am_writing_to_you_as_a/cssfcml ) i use it mainly as a rhetorical device to frame the debt in a different context - so if you want to pendantically argue over it , i 'm not really interested . 
  the point about socialisation of private debt stands . 
   greece could have defaulted , with all the repercussions of it . 
  in a simplistic world , you 're right . 
  in reality , you 've clearly forgotten what happened in 2011 when papandreou tried to call a referendum on a new bailout . 
  being given ultimatums and having an incompetent government forced into making snap-decisions without a requisite period of time for deliberation is n't democracy , and it certainly is n't representing the will of the greek people . 
  the choice was ` accept or go bankrupt ' without an alternate plan for unwinding - that 's not a choice , that 's coercion . 
   private debt was made . 
  the options are defaulting or repaying it . 
  i 'm talking about recapitalisation of the banking-system , not repackaging greek bonds into efsf/ecb/gf loans . 
  you 've missed the entire point of that paragraph . 
   so we would have a bunch of countries in the middle of defaulting while the banking sector is in flames , the economy is falling to pieces and as such loans are more difficult to get for everybody else . 
  and you want to invest money ? 
  pray tell , with what fucking money would you do that ? 
  oh , i do n't know . 
  maybe the $ ~ 260bn that has already been loaned to greece by the troika . 
   also , just how exactly do you want to run these state banks ? 
  like magical candy stores , where everybody gets free cookies and gobstoppers wrapped in $ 50 notes . 
  what part of * state bank * do you find perplexing ? 
  the `` state '' or the `` bank '' part ? 
   only financing things and not actually making a profit does not seem like a viable business model here you disingenuously assume that state banks will only finance projects that are n't financially viable . 
  so , well done to you for conducting this exchange on the basis of bad faith . 
  then you proceed to equate state banks with communism , which tells me that you do n't know a whole lot about the latter but are great at concocting logical fallacies . 
  thanks for missing the point - and assuming that i 'm a ` dude ' . 
  if you took the time to follow the thread , you 'll see a common theme where i become a `` condescending ... huge dick '' only when the person i 'm responding first started being a `` huge dick '' first . 
  introducing odious debt was a rhetorical tactic to highlight the issue of socialising private losses in order to reframe the debt in a different context . 
  in hindsight , it 's not a tactic i 'll be using again - as everybody seems only too delighted to assert that the basis of my argument is hinged directly on this , which clearly it is n't . 
  whether the debt might be constructed as an odious debt or not , the key point is to reframe the debt in the context that i outlined - not in the ignorant but common context of ` profligate , lazy greeks being supported by industrious germans ' . 
   i shoot children , you feel `` insulted '' by a lack of sources . 
  christ . 
  you do n't even understand how metaphors work . 
  no wonder you have trouble distinguishing between matters of personal finance and macroeconomics . 
   you invest a lot in it , since you consider the debt and the buyout illegitimate because of it . 
  without it , they are straightforward , if boring , affairs . 
  the introduction of odious debt was a rhetorical device used to highlight the underlying issue of transferring private debt to the european taxpayer , be they greek , german or british . 
  the core of the argument that this practice is incorrect neither stands nor falls on its merit - although i could certainly argue all night like a pedant that it has some merit . 
  let 's just have a recap of how this discussion has progressed . 
  i 've taken the time to rebut a large number of your ignorant , but common assertions about greece ; you 've decided to spend your time picking holes in on one of my supporting points whilst effectively ignoring everthing else . 
  bravo . 
  give yourself a wee pat on the back . 
  cheers buddy . 
  even one nice , civil comment like this makes it worth the effort !, 
  i admit , the use of odious debt as an example was a rhetorical tactic that * probably * would n't stand up in a court of international law . 
  there 's nothing that [ stipulates that the debt in question must be incurred by a non-democratic regime though ] ( http://unctad.org/en/docs/osgdp20074_en.pdf ) . 
  further , i dispute your claim that bailout programmes were n't signed under threat of economic coercion . 
  the point of introducing the concept as a rhetorical device was n't to present a realistic solution to the problem , but to try to get people to think about the debt in a different context by highlighting the moral illegitimacy of imposing private losses on the european taxpayer . 
  obviously that effort has failed , as certain commenters are now deciding to hone in on that concept whilst completely ignoring the point it was trying to highlight . 
   so your entire argument hinges on odious debt no , it does n't . 
  the argument does n't hinge upon legal technicalities , it hinges upon a series of observations about the composition of greek debt - which seems to completely escape you . 
  you keep returning to the point of ` wah wah , we lent greeks money , wah wah wah ' when you really should be complaining about about the fact that * everybody in europe funded the socialisation of private losses by proxy of their funding of national debt in the periphery . 
  * your sheer inability to understand this point is baffling . 
  regardless of whether or not greek debt might be classed as odious debt - which i elaborate on [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c4lo3/hello_fellow_europeans_i_am_writing_to_you_as_a/cssfcml ) with somebody who is capable of conducting a discussion in good faith - it still remains that greece is in this position in order to protect the interests of the german banking system and the single currency , which is morally tragic . 
  the argument does n't rest and fall on interpretations of odious debt - although i can see how you would want to use the ambiguity in that line of argument to bolster your position and detract from the real issue . 
  yup . 
  just check out my comment history from tonight . 
  downvotes downvotes downvotes . 
  no substantial discussion , just regurgitation of soundbites . 
  times like these make me seriously doubt the value of democracy . 
  i further addressed that point - although you misunderstand the concept of regime . 
  regime in international law is not a term used solely to describe undemocratic forms of government , although the concept of odious debt is most often used in this context . 
  here 's [ a un text ] ( http://unctad.org/en/docs/osgdp20074_en.pdf ) that 's worth reading as an introductory primer to the concept . 
  whilst the definition has n't been explicitly pinned down , and much of it discusses transitions from undemocratic to democratic regimes , it certainly does n't stipulate that it is exclusive to this relationship . 
   ( 1 ) the new government would have to prove and an international tribunal would have to ascertain the following :  a ) that the needs which the former government claimed in order to contract the debt in question , were odious and clearly in contradiction to the interests of the people of the entirety of the former state or a part thereof , and  b ) that the creditors , at the moment of paying out the loan , were aware of its odious purpose . 
   `` ( 2 ) upon establishment of these two points , the creditors must then prove that the funds for this loan were not utilized for odious purposes -- harming the people of the entire state or part of it -- but for general or specific purposes of the state which do not have the character of being odious . '' it might require the formal dissolution of the greek republic and its reformation as a new republic for this legal approach to work , but it 's not an inconceivable task . 
   it 's still their debt . 
  buy-out of creditors does not annul the commitment of the debtor . 
  you 're wrong , i addressed this elsewhere in the thread by discussing odious debt :  [ in international law , odious debt , also known as ** illegitimate debt , is a legal theory that holds that the national debt incurred by a regime for purposes that do not serve the best interests of the nation , should not be enforceable . 
  ** such debts are , thus , considered by this doctrine to be personal debts of the regime that incurred them and not debts of the state . 
  in some respects , the concept is analogous to the invalidity of contracts signed under coercion . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odious_debt ) the greek debt does n't serve the interests of the nation , nor the interests of the european taxpayer . 
  it serves the interests of those whose private losses were socialised . 
   because you should do the things you promised to do , such as paying back the money you owe ? 
  not according to international law . 
  besides , you 're spectacularly missing the point again . 
  germans loan money to greeks to enable them to socialise losses in the greek banking system . 
  both germans and greeks are paying for the socialisation of private debt - yet you choose to get pissy with the greeks and not the eu politicians in both germany and greece who pushed to enable this ? 
  cop yourself on . 
   let 's assume this is true . 
  does n't change anything . 
  do n't be insulting . 
  i made a series of points backed up by easy-to-read sources from academics . 
  you respond by saying ` let 's assume this is true ' and then reiterate a series of muddled , asinine thoughts leading to a logical fallacy without giving any consideration to the points previously made . 
  until you afford me the same courtesy , i 'm going to do the same . 
   they have every right to buy out the debt of their banks . 
  moreover , if , as you claim , a major crisis was looming if they did n't , they had a moral obligation to . 
  they had the money , they did it .
