  if there ever is a serious conflict where european nations have to form an alliance to repel a foreign invasion * and * it crumbles - i certainly know that i 'd rather be at the table with the swiss and the swedes at the end of it all as a neutral country . 
  best case scenario , we do n't get involved and everything is grand . 
  worst case scenario - we were n't involved and can continue diplomatic relations with our new economic masters . 
  either way , ireland is n't going to change the outcome - it does n't make sense for us as a country to go down that path . 
  the implication from your statement is that we already live in a society in which one class * does n't * rule over the others , and violence is n't an implicit outcome of the existing situation of class relations . 
  i 'm a communist , so this discussion probably is n't going to go anywhere good for either of us . 
  the problem with that being ? 
  the situation allows svoboda to co-opt anti-russian sentiment , and provides them with an excellent platform to air their views to a large audience . 
  as / u/vityok mentioned , where you sit on the `` left-right '' spectrum is of little importance . 
  discussions about taxation or the government 's role in the market are n't as powerful at mobilising support as crude appeals to nationalism . 
  it would n't be the first time in history that a party with fascist tendencies has decided to ride a wave of discontent for its own advantage . 
   therefore , if anything , fascism flourishes when you have a strong state no , the only reason fascism had a means of gaining power in germany was because the weimar republic was so crippled . 
  we 're discussing how the fascists get to power , not what they do when they 're in power . 
  in greece just now , the government is n't even capable of policing areas of athens , never mind provide proper education , healthcare and welfare . 
  do you think people would be turning to the fascists if everything was the same as it was in 2004 ? 
  weak states give these fuckers room to manoeuvre and the platform they need to worm their way into the communities most hit by poverty . 
   now , if you start killing fascists left and right , all these people will be alienated by your actions and ** it will be impossible for them to understand why you would do such a thing . 
  ** which of course creates this image of martyrdom and paints you as the bad guy . 
  really ? 
  when did they stop teaching 20th century history in schools ? 
  if there 's a guy out there with a big knife who consistently keeps saying that he 's going to murder somebody or beat up foreigners , we have him arrested . 
  there 's no persecution involved . 
  likewise , if there 's a political minority that keeps saying that it 's going to cleanse the country of foreigners and murder leftists , i genuinely do n't see how it 's persecution to strike first - popularity of it be damned . 
   by employing this same tactic ( violently dispose of all fascists ) , are you sure you 're not further legitimising their ideology ? ), 
  by forcibly taking a kidnapper from his residence and holding him against his will in a cell , are you not legitimising the act of kidnapping ? 
  by punching a man who is beating another man to death , are you not legitimising his act of violence ? 
  of course not . 
  these are absurd things to say , the action in itself is neither good nor bad , the quality of the action is the important factor . 
  that 's what distinguishes arrest from kidnapping , and defence from assault . 
  likewise , killing a fascist does not legitimise fascists killing migrant workers , leftists , jews or lgbt folk . 
  wow so subtle such analyis wow much smart, 
   rouding up people who shares different views and may oppose them we 're not talking about rounding up a group of people who have `` different views '' , as if we ca n't agree on who was the best batman , or if butter is better than margarine . 
  we 're talking about rounding up , and eliminating a group of people with a very specific , self-admitted set of hateful and violent views whose expressed purpose in life is to impose these views on everybody else . 
  aside from that , i 'm not interested in debating the ussr . 
  i understand your view , but i 'm afraid i disagree with it . 
  fascism has only ever grown under specific material circumstances , namely under conditions of poverty and the absence of a strong state . 
  they thrive in this grey area of semi-legality and it provides them with a platform to air their views - let 's not forget that the nazis * eventually * came to power by democratic means . 
  if the death of racist , xenophobic aggressors can be twisted into some message of oppression and martyrdom that appeals to the majority of citizens , then we have a far larger problem on our hands than just the deaths in themselves . 
  i would rather have fascists rounded up and shot , than wait until they gain such levels of support that a civil war might materialise ; the consequences of having fascism appear as a force on the continent does n't bear thinking about , however minute that risk may be . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  where is the line in the sand for killing fascists ? 
  what is the point that it becomes necessary , or even a duty ? 
  do you wait until they hold minority seats in government ? 
  do you wait until they * have * control of the state ? 
  do you wait until they start abusing jews ? 
  foreigners ? 
  communists ? 
  trade-unionists ? 
  do you wait until they posture aggressively towards other countries , or do you try to nip it in the bud by brutally suppressing it before any of these events happen . 
  if violence is the issue , a little violence to stem a larger , systemic one is fine by me . 
  no , do n't be so facile . 
  it 's not death to those who oppose us . 
  it 's death to those who wish to impose their hateful , racist , ignorant , homophobic and violent ideology upon the rest of us by means of force and intimidation . 
  when the state is too weak , unwilling or generally unable to keep fascism at bay , whether it be the weimar republic or the current greek state - i have no problem with isolated , or paramilitary actions taken against fascists . 
  if your comment possessed an ounce of honesty , or even had something useful to contribute , you would n't have to attempt to portray me as somebody who hopes to see innocent children and women gunned down . 
  take your faux moral superiority elsewhere . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day when people started crying over a couple of dead fascists . 
  whether it was the kke , the anarchists or some internal feud , whoever killed these two has done the world a favour . 
  do n't waste your breath . 
  racists do n't care about the difference between causation and correlation . 
   mystruggle88 hahahahahahah . 
  bravo . 
  although on the off-chance that you 're actually being serious , i 'd change it asap . 
  ` my struggle ' translates literally to ` mein kampf ' . 
  if you 're being serious , you 've managed to unwittingly construct a username that * oozes * neonazi symbolism . 
  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 * 8 * a b c d e f g * h * 88 hh hh is an acronym for heil hitler . 
  it 's typical of the ` lol so subversive ' symbolism you 'll see from neonazis who are too cowardly to open proclaim their dumb-shit views in public . 
  just make sure you do n't put a [ black sun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_sun_%28occult_symbol%29 ) up as your avatar picture as well because you think it looks pretty . 
  i fail to see what 's so hard to grasp about the point i made . 
  ukraine 's sovereignty has been infringed through the annexation of crimea , but catalonia is quite simply denied the right to sovereignty . 
  my point has got nothing to do with ` territorial integrity ' . 
  no hassle . 
  i agree that the sheer lack of empathy is disturbing . 
  if people around here believe in the democratic process as much as they * claim * to , there should n't be a problem with holding an independence referendum in catalonia . 
  it should be up to you and your compatriots to decide what is best for your country . 
  right now , you 're being denied that . 
  all the best with the future mate . 
  i do love the double-standards of many here in / r/europe . 
  everybody loses their shit over ukrainian sovereignty , but catalonia * clearly * should n't be given the right to determine its own future because * something something spanish interests are more important than the people 's national right to self determination ... something something stupid regionalism * . 
  catalonia has a population which is ~ 3m more than the republic of ireland , and ~ 6m more than estonia . 
  the argument that independence could n't work because it would be a ` small country ' is utter horseshit . 
  a prime example of the ~ ~ tabloid ~ ~ top-quality journalism that the independent is renowned for . 
  it 's actually pretty distasteful that you 're cynically using the persecution of homosexuals in russia in order to justify shitting on russians ( not the government , a magical homogenous group called * russians * ) - which has got * nothing * to do with the topic at hand . 
  op makes an ignorant blanket statement about an entire nation - referring to them as ` unoriginal ' and ` criminals ' . 
  there 's nothing clever or insightful about that , it 's just `` dae think russians are unoriginal and dumb , lel ? '', 
  cue the upboats from eastern european countries . 
  we get it . 
  lots of you from the old eastern bloc ( and particularly , former soviet republics ) countries enjoy circlejerking about who hates russians most . 
  get over it . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  mary . 
  john . 
  patrick . 
  james . 
  mary . 
  mary . 
  mary . 
  it 's almost like op is just taking a common feature of all countries and using it to bask in the edgy russophobic atmosphere which permeates this thread . 
  but no .
