  i have no clue just guessing, 
  you want to stop illegal immigration and enforce laws ? 
  you 're a fascist !, 
  he ruined the charlie chaplin !, 
  britain seems to have a knack for not appealing politicians, 
  i 'd imagine that 's some sort of weird fetish for nazi 's `` call me a dirty jew ! '', 
  i ca n't tell if that is an insult or a compliment, 
  well he has money so it 's normal !, 
  you have a very odd definition of the term `` nazi '', 
  if trump went against sanders , i 'm fairly certain trump would 've lost, 
  and let 's say that it is true , how do we know trump was n't just asking how it works , considering it is a very big thing, 
  neat how you can kind of see the outline of germany, 
  * it 's a long waayy to go *, 
  why ? 
  welcome to america !, 
  fly your flag !, 
  no law against it !, 
  it 's your country and you have the right to be proud of it !, 
  your facts are getting in the way of the circle jerk, 
  it was a response to muslims invasions into europe . 
  whenever i post something on here , it always gets downvoted immediately . 
  usually after about 12 hours it 's fine . 
  people seem to be butthurt over this one even though it 's satire, 
  it 's satirical, 
  not my personal views , just stereotypes , 
  can we get a new pope already ? 
  when are you going to do the other states ? 
  so because i 'm saying `` if you look at history , the nazi 's came to power because germany was n't doing so good , and people wanted their country back '' your response is `` fuck you '' . 
  if you want to change people opinions * tell * them what 's wrong . 
  do n't just call them a dumb yankee.and tell them to google it, 
  * they 're * risking * their * life when they could just as easily go to a neighboring country, 
   vote for one of two predefined candidates who owe their success to their ability to grab power and money from institutionalized parties except that did n't happen this election . 
  sure every democracy has its flaws , no doubt but i would n't call america undemocratic . 
  and with the entering of trump , whether you like him or not , has shown the dirty dealings going on behind the curtain . 
  i see both positives and negatives to both america 's type of government and france 's . 
  when you only have two parties , it is more efficient to get things done because you do n't need things like coalitions to get things threw ( i 'm not an expert on european government )  think of pretty much any revolution except these kids have nothing to fight for or against . 
  they 're just angry they lost . 
  there 's only immaturity . 
  i 've unfortunately had interactions with them and that 's all they are . 
  they just dream of some socialist utopia that 'll never happen . 
   when the state says you ca n't do something , it 's already physical violence am i interpreting this incorrectly or do you mean that things like laws are wrong ? 
  are you an anarchist ^ ^ ( genuine question ) . 
   when you see how cops tend to use force but again your country is the best example of that this whole `` the police will kill those who disagree '' is bullshit . 
  they only shoot those who are a threat . 
  and many people are ( only liberals really ) saying things like `` if a cop is after you , keep going but get it on camera '' . 
  cops are n't allowed to do their job anymore . 
   i have no idea where you get that from the berkeley protests ? 
  like when they beat that guy in the street to him being unconscious ? 
  or when they pepper-sprayed a woman for wearing what they thought was a maga hat ? 
   you do realize those groups actually exist and very much seek fights with antifas i do n't know about europe , but in america , right-wing violence is basically null . 
  the only time that these `` fascists '' fought with antifa was at the last berkeley protest where they attacked in self defense . 
   when americans threw british tea shipments in the sea they were doing exactly that . 
  they had reason to though . 
  they were being taxed unfairly without representation in british parliament . 
   wo n't help you have any finer analysis than `` they are just children '' well then they should stop acting like children, 
  well too bad because it * is * democratic . 
  they 're fee-fee 's do n't matter . 
  if you have to resort to violence to get a political view across , you 're not worth listening to . 
  and these `` far-right fascists '' is laughable . 
  everyone who disagrees with them is a far right fascist . 
  you do n't like that they randomly beat people up ? 
  fascist !, 
  they are not protesting . 
  they are hurting people and destroying property . 
  i 'd also love some examples of both physical and symbolic `` institutional '' violence . 
  they are just children who are upset they did n't get their way , so they 're going to break all of their toys . 
   these people are more likely to commit violent acts and are not real refugees  but i need something to make me fell better about my white guilt, 
  majority identify as communists , and they randomly beat people up for no reason . 
  they are not freedom fighters . 
  they are not protesters . 
  their methods are actually quite fascist , what with beating up others to silence them politically, 
  antifa, 
  these people are more likely to kill others , rape and most of all , they 're not integrating . 
  and many of them are economic migrants . 
  yah i told bush to do it so nazi 's could rule europe in the future, 
  it 's disappointing that this happened , but not a `` well trump = hitler '' way, 
  influence is one thing . 
  integration is key . 
  try and draw them away from islam . 
  allow people to try and reform it, 
  i 'm not advocating for the nazis . 
  stop further illegal immigration , make muslims integrate , try to neuter islam . 
  italy 's a huge peninsula sticking out in the center of the mediterranean, 
  the only american states that require vaccines with no excuses are california , west virginia and mississippi . 
  you would n't think that west virginia and mississippi would really ever be grouped with california, 
  ireland has just launched a barrage of bantz !, 
  england suffered many losses , not knowing what the weapon was !, 
   i 'm not going to say i know everything about hitler you can correct people without being a cunt, 
  people are seeing attack after attack from muslims in europe . 
  and you can stop the flow . 
  shut down ngo 's and punish those who participate in them . 
  have navies patrolling the mediterranean and do n't let any boats pass . 
  if someone comes without paperwork , do n't let them in . 
  try and send back the ones that you can and if they commit crimes , send them back . 
  i do n't have all the answers but i can see that europe really needs to fix itself if it does n't want more problems, 
  i 'm looking at what will happen if europe wo n't stand up for itself . 
  people are n't going to sit idly by while getting fucked in the ass forever, 
  illegal immigration and communist street gangs ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i 'm not going to say i know everything about hitler , and he was definitely not a good guy , but he did solve things like unemployment and inflation which was germany 's biggest problem .
