  on behalf of the majority , you do n't speak for us anymore, 
  haha yeah fuck you drumpf [ wait shit ] ( https://i.redd.it/aehcc6z461my.jpg ), 
  europeans seem to get more butthurt about stereotypes . 
  i laugh because i would be considered a stereotype of america . 
  obviously ireland is n't just potatoes , beer , being catholic and green, 
  that 's - a spicy potato !, 
  patty - paddy fatty - faddy cutie - cudie kitty - kiddy, 
  you do n't have russians infested in your countries though, 
  europe needs to regain control of jerusalem to fight the rise of fascism, 
  * arabs, 
  mao grants, 
  africa is not europe 's problem, 
  he may pay rent but he 's not * earning * that money . 
  there is no responsibility . 
  it may be good for the economy , but not for the tax payer . 
  because if someone is on welfare when they should n't be , more than likely they are not paying taxes . 
  and yes as that is one of my bigger beefs with immigrants , it 's not the biggest . 
  the biggest is that these people are not assimilating . 
  if europe stopped letting in immigrants now and all the immigrants assimilated , we 'd probably just see a tanner europe which many people would be fine with . 
  but these people are coming in and staying with one another , having way over the normal amount of kids and not using that countries culture . 
  one major step to deter welfare fraud is to stop handing out money because people have many kids . 
  because a generation from now , the problem would be much worse . 
  not just for immigrants but for everyone . 
  millionaires and billionaires are typically more wasteful with money . 
  i know what welfare is . 
  it 's a safety net . 
  i have no problems with that . 
  the problem i have is people who are n't working and are n't even looking for a job that are on welfare . 
  the ones who should be out making and spending money but are n't not because they 're disadvantaged , but because they do n't feel like it . 
  i have no doubt that there are people who started in very shitty positions and gotten to high places . 
  ben carson is one of them . 
  but many people are not looking for work . 
  also millionaires and billionaires quite typically live very extravagant life styles so they are spending a lot of money . 
  i was not talking about only france but okay . 
  but it 's quite interesting what 's going on there . 
  france had been declared in a state of emergency for a while now . 
  paris is consistently in turmoil . 
  why ? 
  the people france has let in are not breton 's , eastern europeans , spaniards , or italian . 
  they are syrian , moroccan , algerian and a whole slew of others . 
  they are completely different people . 
  these are third world people . 
  many are not taking up jobs . 
  what are they doing ? 
  crime . 
  taking over cities , towns and suburbs . 
  because they wo n't assimilate . 
  they refuse . 
  you can not import people from the world world and expect them to just be better . 
  these people are taking over countries and they 're being allowed to . 
  and people wonder why things like brexit , and trump happened . 
  why things like the kkk , the alt-right , white ethno-nationalist groups are rising and becoming more popular . 
  people are tired of having their countries being handed over to third world peoples . 
  `` oh europe has an aging population ? 
  bring in more africans '' and then what 's going to happen is these countries are going to slowly turn into shitholes . 
  and then other first world nations will have to bring these people in . 
  i 'm just sick of it . 
  europe and the rest of the first world would be much better off without these people, 
  i live in baltimore . 
  i know what 's going on . 
  and what 's going on is people are abusing the welfare system and the government is allowing it, 
  they are on welfare . 
  they are not participating . 
  same goes for inner city ghettos in america, 
  these people are not participating though . 
  a vast majority of third world people coming here are economic migrants . 
  africa has the reputation it has for a reason . 
  you can not just import places from complete anarchy and expect them to assimilate and follow the law, 
  if they want to maintain their standard of living , they 'd start kicking third world people out, 
  they 're so xenophobic they let in millions of third world people, 
  very anti democracy . 
  except when it 's in his favor . 
  i do n't know . 
  something something the monarchy should have more power, 
  well our democratic party has turned into a sjw party . 
  what about your 1/128th cherokee ? 
  my dad is majority english and he does things like denounce his french heritage , say the irish are sub-human or that the magna carta should never have been signed . 
  i wish i could make this up . 
  it 's awful, 
  usually stupid people get the spotlight . 
  i am an `` irish-american '' but i 've actually looked at the history of ireland and do n't just do an irish accent in public, 
  can we as a nation stop doing that ? 
  honestly . 
  it 's one of the cringiest things about this country . 
  i love this country with all my heart . 
  if you 're irish and proud , put up a little shamrock in your room italian ? 
  make spaghetti russian ? 
  wear adidas . 
  but for the love of god can we stop this sort of culture theft ? 
  well then it 's fine . 
  it 's all about motive really, 
  well yes i was saying actor as an example . 
  if the `` gay '' seen is natural then do it . 
  but if it 's shoehorned in , then do n't, 
  we are the heart of globalism . 
  y a y, 
  in my opinion ( and i 'm right wing so take this as you may ) under obama the left basically went unchecked ( blm , sjw 's everywhere , corruption ) . 
  now usually a president will give their side a bit more leeway but obama just let the left go wild . 
  so our reaction was trump . 
  it 's a pendulum .
