  i know they do n't deal with chechans well india also has problems with some problems with muslims . 
  soon the ocean is going to come and take that salt, 
  i 'd rather be on good term with russia , a country that has more nukes then any other country on earth . 
  i do n't remember seeing any things like `` trump will get the jew vote '' . 
  i saw a few `` trump will get the gay vote '' which is super unrealistic , and does n't really matter , as they make up only about 1 % of the voting population, 
  neat that the bottom two ( norway and switzerland ) are very mountainous countries , while the top 5 ( or 6 ) are very flat countries, 
  i 'm not saying that you can only find it there . 
  i 'm just saying it based off fact and stereotype, 
  it 's just that [ statistically ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pmm80ds3uc4/uka-wvq9cwi/aaaaaaaaasu/z3w3oamvpeq/s1600/red-hair-map-of-europe.png ) , red hair is very common in ireland , and pale skin is commone in northern europe, 
  well of course they would n't be able to colonize with that attitude !, 
  she have red hair and pale skin . 
  she could be scottish . 
  tons of things she could be . 
  to me , she just looked irish, 
  looks more irish than greek, 
  really just areas under western european rule and russia, 
  it colonized new england, 
  i consider it everything not south of the black sea , the caucuses , and then straight up from azerbaijan along the kazakh border . 
  it 's a genuine question . 
  tunisia is geographically closer , culturally closer , and it 's fairly first world, 
  it 's why people votes for trump and brexit though . 
  even if there problems were going to be handled greatly , people wanted to be heard . 
  even if you do n't like trump , he still pulled the curtain on what is going on behind the scenes in our government . 
  better to shake it up and see where the cards fall then to go with the status quo, 
  why ca n't a country like tunisia deal with them ? 
  closer to them than to us, 
  i do n't spend my entire life in one area . 
  i 've been all across this country , in cities and rural areas , and being disowned if you 're gay , is not a thing . 
  it is not 1960 . 
  if it was a thing , it would be in the news constantly . 
  america is not 10 % gay . 
  people like to say they 're gay because it makes them look cool . 
  i 've met tons of people like that . 
  internet news relies on clicks to make money . 
  so if it 's a slow news day , you can just make up a real looking article . 
  i 'm not saying the news is corrupt everywhere , but here it 's gotten really bad . 
  and because of it , people do n't want to read the news , they want their biases confirmed, 
  `` we need fascism ! '', 
  `` what ? 
  fascism is terrible !, 
  why would you suggest such a thing !? '', 
  `` the trains will run in time ! '', 
  `` well fuck i 'm convinced '', 
  happens a lot over here, 
  america is not 10 % gay . 
  being gay is pretty rare . 
  only about 2 % of the population is gay . 
  and i 'm not buying that people are throwing their kids out of the house . 
  anyone who did that would be ostracized . 
  that is not happening constantly . 
  gay people are not being thrown to the streets for being gay, 
  so if a gay person is poor , that 's a civil rights issue ? 
  gays in america ? 
  they 're fine . 
  there 's more important politics to worry about then if two dudes can fuck each other . 
  also because indentured servants were rare to find . 
  in africa though , africans were selling one another off, 
  but everything changed , * when the german nations attacked *, 
  i think assad is awful , but if we get rid of him , we 're likely just going to have another iraq, 
  odd how there 's a black guy in there . 
  i would think that in 1889 , they would prefer irish over blacks, 
  we copied you for a long time, 
  the allies were going to win , we just sped it up . 
  germany britain and france were tired of war , we just came in and pushed germany over, 
  america had the resources , britain had the empire , russia had the people . 
  without one , the other two could n't have done anything, 
  if we got through the entire cold war without entering war with each other , what makes you think we 're going to fuck it up now ? 
  xenophobia is common in america because so many people came over here . 
  first people were afraid of the germans . 
  then the irish . 
  then the russians . 
  and now arabs . 
  it seems different because they are n't white, 
  we can see that from now , but it also put an end to the meatgrinder that was ww1 . 
  america was the big tree that came and broke it . 
  depends on how much the germans took, 
  napoleon 's main enemy was britain who , while army wise was lacking , navy wise was very ahead . 
  germany was the dominant force on the land . 
  france would n't stand a chance . 
  ( unpredicted rhyming ), 
  do what australia does , if you find any illegals , put them on say , an island off sicily , and deal with them there, 
  i was n't speaking for anyone . 
  i was saying that those nations , europe , japan and south kkrea are first world, 
  japan , canada , germany , norway many others, 
  no , not by `` the rich '' . 
  i 'm talking about the people who are fully capable of working but are n't, 
  you sure got me, 
  you can have california . 
  * you know what you did *, 
  i thought afrikaans was more widespread, 
  i think english is a pretty minority language, 
  glad you liked the mexican food while you were in america . 
  not being rude , it just seems funny, 
  it 's also because things like tax fraud are common here , and welfare is abused, 
  everything here is artificial . 
  corn syrup in everything !, 
  i love my country , i do , but the food is not great . 
  lots of things are imported or originate from another country, 
  infrastructure by me is fine . 
  certain spots i 've been to are bad .
