  if things keep up , i see alt-right people in boats that are armed . 
  call it silly , but i would n't be surprised, 
  yeah that swing to right wing is n't going to stop . 
  it 's going to keep going . 
  unless the situation is dealt with , you will have *** literal *** fascists , white supremacists and nazi 's in governments . 
  that the people voted for . 
  europe was never a super-power , the countries in it * were * superpowers . 
  i get war can be bad and people die , but war is usually the best option if a country is refusing to cooperate . 
  i really doubt that the eu would ever get to american levels of federalization . 
  there 's too many cultures . 
  and even though , europe is a very nice place and tolerant ( little too tolerant if you ask me ) , it simply would n't happen . 
  the most i 'd imagine is like the eastern bloc , but there 's not exactly a master controlling the puppets, 
  it might be the extended timeline mod, 
  it 's from europa universalis 4 it 's fairly accurate, 
  i think they added it, 
  hetalia taught me this funnily enough, 
  since it 's most famous , would n't hitler be included for germany ? 
  they included napoleon . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't think napoleon was a monarch, 
  graphical map improvements, 
  you do n't remember the drugged up afghans invading italy ? 
  do n't be so sure . 
  russia does n't really have the ties it used to have with north korea , and china is getting increasingly annoyed by north korea, 
  no one is 100 % sure what puerto rico would be . 
  while right now , latino 's vote very liberal , many of those are illegals , and the democrats are letting them stay . 
  however legal latinos vote conservative . 
  this is why it was n't put as a state when we got puerto rico . 
  we 've just kept kicking the can down the road, 
  when we first got puerto rico those were the reasons why . 
  america 's always been secular , but christianity has slowly been kicked out of politics for the most part . 
  and while we do n't have a national language , if you want to become an `` american '' you have to speak english, 
  i think how real their nukes are is still somewhat contested though . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  it was never a state because it is majority catholic , and speaks spanish by a large margin, 
  countries like the uk and poland would probably join . 
  also since this was made during the cold war , that seems like a flawed idea . 
  what if north korea randomly attacked the south some time after the korean war ? 
  can americans vote or no ? 
  `` i 'm from new york city !, 
  i can speak italian ! '', 
  i do see a problem , but this problem is not going to go on forever , and it might be better to deal with it now than to just kick the can down the road, 
  i think it 's still somewhat unknown the level of north korea 's nukes . 
  china is getting increasingly pissed with north korea, 
  for the average north korean citizen , the best thing they could hope for is an american invasion . 
  those people are being oppressed , so yes a think a few thousand deaths now is better then the millions that would follow if we leave north korea alone, 
  if china does n't care what we do , i see no problem in attacking north korea, 
  well china seems to be increasingly annoyed with north korea , so i doubt russia would be too upset . 
  north korea would likely attack south korea , which would call america into the war , who could likely call nato, 
  i was referencing [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/map_of_poland_ ( 1945 ) _ corr.png ) which after poland had been split by the soviets and germany , and then the land that was given to poland from germanys corpse , i 'd say about half of poland was german, 
  if a kid is beaten by their parents , likely they 're going to want to go somewhere else, 
  \\* italy slowly backs out of the room *, 
  lots of european subreddits seem to hate america with a passion , but for some reason r/europe is somewhat indifferent to america, 
  i forgot that half of poland used to be germany . 
  poles would * easily * be a minority in their own country, 
  cause it 's a small corridor between luxembourg and switzerland, 
  they can go out to kansas or up to nunavut . 
  no one 's stopping them, 
  to liechtenstein you go !, 
  that 's different from a public school, 
  i think it depends on the state in america, 
  `` you are a smart and respectful kid , but you did n't have magic water put on your forehead as a baby , so we 're going to have to reject you '', 
  i really do n't think there 's any reason to hit your child . 
  if you have to go as far as to hit your child , it 's probably your fault for fucking up so bad as a parent, 
  do you live in a red state ? 
  i do n't think it 's true where i live ( blue state ), 
  yah but if a school turns you down for something you did n't really have any control over , that 's pretty stupid, 
  you 're giving us a bit too much credit, 
  when i hear people talking about how globalization is bad , it 's usually referred to how immigration is being allowed to flow from the third world to the first world , and how cultures are seeming to be watered away, 
  merkel ? 
  anarchist sweden ? 
  anarchist other pro-eu peoples and nations ? 
  anarchist, 
  people from any dark skinned country can come in ? 
  i wonder why nationalism is on the rise, 
  lots of people want a better life . 
  if these people want to be in the first world , come in the way we ask . 
  not pretend you 're being oppressed, 
  i was telling you how right wing violence is non existent here . 
  you had asked where op was from and i wanted to add my two cents, 
  i would say america is just extreme capitalism, 
  i think that 's spain, 
  your government prioritizes its citizens safety over those of migrants ? 
  wrongthink ? 
  to gulag you go, 
  whiter and economically a bit better ? 
  more conservative , more racist , bigger economic inequality , high welfare amongst minorities etc. 
  you would n't become canada !, 
  is n't poland basically the texas of europe ? 
  `` le pen 's numbers went up by 3 % today as one of her buildings was bombed '' those fucking idiots . 
  people did that over here and because of it trump got in, 
  i do n't know about the guy you 're responding to , but in america , right-wing violence is non-existent . 
  meanwhile communists run through the streets smashing people and objects, 
  do we have a right to deus vult ? 
  so you 're upset that people are being polite and not chastising you for being an atheist ? 
  i 'm not upset that a muslim would call me an infidel . 
  but if i was , me being upset that they 're using a pejorative term is not allowing them to be muslims ? 
  and it 's islamophobic for someone to take what a muslim said in offense ? 
  also i 've never heard a christian call a non-christian an infidel, 
  `` this just in , vladimir putin , russian president , is now stepping down after seeing a picture of himself made to look like a gay clown . 
  he has given crimea back to ukraine and ended all hostilities , apologizing greatly . '',
