  `` they just want to rape your wife ! '', 
  compared to other white nations , america is racist . 
  but on the world stage , china and backwards places like islamic countries and africa are the worst, 
  what ? 
   that still does n't make the us vs europe comparable . 
  they 're pretty comparable  trump is objectively an idiot . 
  he 's not though ? 
   observation . 
  personal opinion is n't fact, 
  america has 42 % the population has . 
  germany ( the second most populous nation in europe ) has 24 % the population europe does . 
   just look at what you guys elected into office . 
  very unbiased opinion / s. 
   and americans are , in general , more ignorant . 
  source ? 
   if that 's the case , my comment about americans and ignorance is n't a blanket statement either . 
  if you can provide a fact that every american is ignorant then it 's not a blanket statement  if that 's the case , my comment about americans and ignorance is n't a blanket statement either . 
  no , because america is easily compared to europe as a continent . 
  in both size and population . 
  how is it ignorant ? 
  it is simply the majority . 
  and it 's not a blanket statement . 
  in general , america has more economic freedom than europe, 
  that 's quite a blanket statement . 
  so since i pointed out that america has higher economic freedom than most european nations , you considered that ignorance and decided to be triggered by it ? 
  how insightful . 
  do you just go around targeting people for liking america or do you just hate americans in general ? 
  america is higher than most european countries in economic freedom . 
  i am equating america to the continent of europe . 
  10 yellow 3 orange 7 dark orange 1 red at least 21 worse than america, 
  you guys already had plans to do this did n't you ? 
  we stopped importing slaves in 1807 slavery ended in 1863 they got full civil rights in 1965 . 
  it is 2017 . 
  that does n't matter anymore, 
  with how things are going , you wo n't need to replace them . 
  one of the reasons i 'm so against the `` refugees '' is that we already have mass illegal immigration from latin america and blacks . 
  i 'm tired of the `` oh but look at this [ non-asian minority ] !, 
  he 's so successful ! '', 
  while their crime is way over represented . 
  if the immigration keeps up , you 'll see europe turn into america : more racism , violence , lower iq 's , much more conservative , etc. 
  west spain looks nice !, 
  i 'm talking about the countries of europe . 
  we 're ahead of a majority of european countries , considering the continent is mostly yellow, 
  land of the guns , home of obesity !, 
  * cue flag slowly dropping in the background *, 
  we 'd probably be colonizing the sun by now, 
  yay !, 
  america is ahead of europeans in a statistic not about guns or obesity !, 
  funny that america ; one of the most diverse nations ; is also one of the most racist . 
  just a coincidence, 
  really the deal with most first world nations, 
  if greece takes back constantinople , we wo n't need turkey in nato . 
  ^ / s just sayin ', 
  damn nordics , making everyone else look bad, 
  i believe seth rich was a journalist was he not ? 
  breitbart as well, 
  i can have opinions on things outside my country, 
  ** iz time for anschluss **, 
  i have mixed feelings on the syria/north korean issues . 
  for syria , he did say he would n't intervene , and he very likely could have pissed off russia . 
  however it was n't him confirming it . 
  it was his generals . 
  he trusts them , since he know they know what they 're doing . 
  it also made china and north korea realize we will deal with them . 
  for the north korean issue , i really doubt that kim has nukes , and even if he does , ones that 'll hit the us . 
  yes seoul would be destroyed , but really we 're just kicking the can down the road . 
  i think the biggest reason trump got in though , is that he actually listened to and cares for the people . 
  he does n't have all the answers , but he 's made an effort to try . 
  he 's acknowledged people are upset with the state of the country . 
  the democratic party has shown that it wants establishment only . 
  if bernie went against trump , trump would 've lost no doubt . 
  hillary looked like an evil old witch . 
  looks do matter . 
  also look , it has n't even ben a year yet . 
  the only thing that 's upset me really was how trump put the eu ahead of britain . 
  also since wwii , ( with the exception of carter , reagan , and bush sr. ) every 8 years the presidential party flips, 
  if she got rid of illegals , and ended economic migrants from coming in , she would most likely be loved . 
  people are starting to get desperate . 
  it shows when i party that has solid historical ties with vichy france , is now going into the second round of voting, 
  trump still has eight years ahead of him, 
  germany is too anti-nationalistic to have a large army, 
  i try to use `` the united kingdom '' or `` the uk '' more often but britain just has such a nice ring to it . 
  smart and stressed is the american way ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  this whole graph seems very off, 
  its because le drumpf xddd is orangeee ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  well we 've been fighting in deserts for years , so i 'd imagine we have more tan ones, 
  you joke about the us one , but imagine it 's night time in a russian forest and you ca n't even see this thing, 
  you put a  but then you put a \\ in front of it, 
  had a really dysfunctional empire, 
  i understand why it happens but i wish it could be different . 
  example : in 2015 , nyc had a population of 8.5 million new york state in total has nearly 20 million only 42 % lives in nyc . 
  yet new york city is all the attention is, 
  cities do matter though . 
  at least in the states . 
  if a state has a big city , you only have to talk with the city , not the whole state, 
  i know brazilians are very diverse . 
  i was using a stereotype of brazilians being darker in color . 
  brazilians are much more mixed than americans, 
  well see here 's the problem : they still use the term feminist . 
  while you may be a feminist that cares for all , the term feminist has such negative connotations it ca n't be undone .
