  when i say the west i mean the people, 
  you mean those people who are productive to society and have actually done things in history, 
  love the maps !, 
  for e you 're missing france , germany , slovenia and denmark, 
  britain looks super lonely, 
  majority are still irish in descent, 
  was only doing independent countries . 
  if not this map would be a bit harder, 
  ireland and north ireland are mainly gaelic still, 
  aw shit sorry, 
  they have countries of the same culture outside of europe, 
  honorary latin, 
  mix of both really . 
  primarily language . 
  the democrats went very cult-ish . 
  they did n't like wrong think . 
  if you were n't for open borders , abortion for all or did n't believe in white privilege , you were ostracized . 
  the republicans gained a little ground , but the democrats lost a lot . 
  and , as far i as i 've seen , people do n't just interpret the republican party as the party of ` the old man who does n't get us young cool kids ' to ` the average joe ' . 
  gen z is supposed to be the most right wing generation since wwii , and that 's not including homeschooled kids who are majority conservative . 
  it really is a pendulum . 
  we had gone all the way to the left and now we 're going all the way to the right . 
  most likely , it 's going to start going back to the middle . 
  also if hillary won , i do n't think she would 've lasted 8 years . 
  that woman was not in good health, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it says that the west is tired of dealing with everyones bullshit . 
  the moral card means very little anymore . 
  many people just do n't care . 
  i did this in reference to another post showing if all the slav parts were removed . 
  no prejudices or anything i just like maps , 
  well to the u.k. , `` right-wing '' is much different then here . 
  your right-wing is our center or center left . 
  and yes the democrats likely would 've done much better if they chose bernie ( not that he 's better ) . 
  i also laugh when people say trump will be out in 4 years or less . 
  ever since wwii , with the exception of carter , reagan and bush sr. , it 's 8 years democrat then 8 years republican . 
  i 'm gon na quote a youtube video , which while it is youtube , the quote really is good at showing why trump won `` hillary - more , more , more of the same trump - flip the table and see where the pieces land '' people were tired of the same declining life style , and even if things could change , that was better then the status quo, 
  i 'm going to put it this way . 
  do n't you think it 's odd how countries ( or even the states for that matter ) are more racist when more come into contact ? 
  like how the south is more racist than the north and the south is full of blacks people ? 
  places like new york city or california , are diverse , but the ` diversity ' in those places are richer, 
  playing the moral card is not going to get you everywhere, 
  it 's only been 2 years , and we 've already turning going very right-leaning . 
  when demographics start to shift big time , you 'll see these parties rise even more . 
  when certain parts of the country become majority immigrant , people will change . 
  i think le pen has a better chance of winning than trump did . 
  germany will never turn right wing though . 
  america is probably the worst at it now . 
  i 'm talking about the africans coming over from the refugee crisis . 
  and i 'm talking about the headlines that claimed nationalism was in decline, 
  it 's not europe or america 's or anyone else 's problem besides africa 's . 
  you ca n't keep claiming the moral card . 
  these people need to go to places like tunisia , algeria , egypt . 
  not italy or spain . 
   european saying we have culture legit surprising, 
  it 's pro-eu , but not an echo chamber . 
  i think it 's just the people who use it . 
  more people who are anti-eu are more likely to be in their nations subreddit . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem to be solved because i do n't really think it 's a problem, 
  this . 
  correct on many levels . 
  people ( left-wing especially ) like to think that wilders losing was nationalism going down . 
  he did n't win . 
  but to say he lost is an extremely silly thing to say . 
  his party grew to second , and the party above him , the vvd , shrunk by * a lot * . 
  europe is going to go from hatred of people from another country , to hatred of another race . 
  it 's not going to be the englishman and frenchman squabbling with one another , it 's going to be the english man and frenchman squabbling with an african . 
  `` i watch anime !, 
  i 'm basically japanese ! '', 
  thanks !, 
  since i 'm american , i know western europe better . 
  there was another thread on here about a guy who did that balkans great but fucked up western europe . 
  makes sense, 
  the reason it 's unrealistic is because they just got replaced by robots . 
  both sides are greedy . 
  the owners were greedy for replacing them and the employees were greedy for asking more then what they 're worth, 
  people are n't supposed to stick to minimum wage for 10 years, 
  they can live just fine . 
  and because of them wanting such a high minimum wage , many are unemployed, 
  thanks !, 
  where you gon na land ? 
  switzer-stash !, 
  the $ 15 minimum wage was unrealistic in was not helpful . 
  that 's why republicans were against it . 
  instead of being paid $ 8 an hour , many are now unemployed . 
  and flipping burgers is n't worth $ 15 an hour, 
  nazism : genocide based on race and ethnicity . 
  communism : genocide based on class . 
  both terrible . 
  communism is a cancer, 
  countries without sea access are super hard to draw !, 
  i just knew it has a curved top and a squiggly bottom, 
  since america only has two parties , everything is extreme . 
  if you 're a bit more left than democrats , you 're a commie , but if you 're more right then the republicans , you 're a nazi . 
  [ i thought i could do it , but it kept getting worse ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tftme ), 
   land of the free excuse me ? 
  you 're talking about the wrong union there bub !, 
  so russians use the `` it was the americans '' just as much as we do ? 
  * russian, 
  i get what you 're talking about .
