   sanders was the one honest guy running for the democrats . 
  that 's debatable . 
  would he have beaten trump ? 
  likely . 
  would he have been good ? 
  considering how he let two black teens take over one of his rallies , i 'm going to say no . 
   in all honesty though , your entire two party system is completely fucked up . 
  i much prefer the dutch or heck , portuguese system where there 's proportional representation and all voices are heard . 
  it 's `` fucked '' because it 's one of the longest continually used systems . 
  it was made for a time when horses were the best way to travel . 
  unlike europe , america never had chances to really rebuild or restart . 
  europe had plenty of wars , and coups . 
  america did n't . 
  the point of the electoral college is to give the little guy a voice as well . 
  not for everything to be ruled by four states, 
   so you mean you 'll just shoot the place up ? 
  no , it 's for if the government gets too authoritarian , the people can resist it . 
  and obama was the one that started to go full authoritarian likely not much will really change under trump . 
  people like you who say `` he 'll nuke the world '' `` he 'll ruin america '' `` he 's a fascist '' are just talking out of your ass . 
   when trump gets his ass dragged off to prison where he belongs . 
  doubt it . 
  if i were you , i would n't really trust anything big news corporations say . 
  it 's not about journalism anymore , it 's about the clicks . 
   maybe next time actually vote in someone who 's at least somewhat capable besides bankrupting casinos and being a reality-tv star . 
  well when your choices are tv actor and a person who 's 100 % on the inside , looks like a witch , and has very likely killed people , you 're going to go for the tv actor . 
  if you want to blame someone for a trump presidency , blame the left . 
  they fucked up so bad , plenty of typical democrat voters voted for trump . 
  if the left drops identity politics , then they might have a chance again . 
  you better hope and pray identity politics does n't get bad in europe, 
  i 'm not twisting your words . 
  that 's exactly what you said . 
  you 're saying he 's a neo-nazi , but not enough to qualify as one by actual neo-nazis . 
   i hope trump shits on your country says the person from the country that has exactly zero world power . 
  sorry to break it to you , but no matter what , america would be fine . 
  why ? 
  2nd amendment that 's why . 
  [ my state ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/187897/gdp-of-the-us-federal-state-of-maryland-since-1997/ ) has a higher gdp than all of [ portugal ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/country/portugal ) . 
  i 'm not one of those people , but i think people who wish the world to go to hell are not the same as isis . 
   and i said trump was ** not neo-nazi enough ** for the actual neo-nazis exactly for the stuff you 're pointing out that 's what you said . 
  you said that even though trump was a neo-nazi , he was n't enough of one to be considered one by actual neo-nazis . 
  so what you basically said is trump is n't a neo-nazi . 
  no matter how loud you scream it , he 's not a neo-nazi . 
  no neo-nazi would be on friendly terms with israel, 
  `` trump 's a neo-nazi , just not one that acts like one '' are you serious ? 
  and how did he pander to them ? 
  by saying he 'll reinforce the border aka not letting illegal immigrants in ? 
  or by being very close with netanyahu ? 
   he has a jewish daughter and son in law . 
  he has a slavic wife . 
  i do n't know how to make this easier to comprehend . 
  if he was a neo-nazi , he would n't have let his daughter marry a jew and then convert to judaism , and he would n't have married a woman from slovenia , a slavic country . 
  you 're implying that he 's a neo-nazi/part of the alt-right by sarcastically saying that he 's not enough . 
  he has a jewish daughter and son in law . 
  he has a slavic wife . 
  he 's not an alt-righter/neo-nazi, 
  he has a jewish daughter and son in law, 
  once the left drops identity politics , then you 'll see more people warming up to the idea of `` impeaching trump '', 
  when did northern ireland leave the uk ? 
  it 's just how they do things in syria !, 
  no need to be rayciss !, 
   do n't just blindly trust it you fucking retard , do some goddamned research , jesus fucking christ . 
  how inept are you ? 
  why do n't you give me your argument ? 
  do n't just tell me to `` google it '' . 
  i 'm not going to do your side of the argument for you  no they do n't , dipshit . 
  i am white and male and i 'm telling you right fucking now it 's real . 
  i 'm a white male and it 's completely fucking false . 
  i have never been better off because of my race or gender . 
  ever live in a black neighborhood ? 
  i have and they are the worst places to be white . 
   thus the scare quotes . 
  next to zero european countries are socialist . 
  i do n't know how to make it easier to understand  lmfao , really ? 
  you 're going to blame mexico for the deteriorating quality of life in the us ? 
  considering mexico has a shit ton of illegal immigrants in here , that cause crime , i will as that they 're deteriorating the quality of life . 
   spoiler alert , asshole : they 're better to live in because they enact policy that takes care of their citizens . 
  such as refusing to take back its own citizens and the president saying `` if you build a wall , we 'll build a tunnel ''  and virtually nobody says it is . 
  i dislike socialists/commies/what the fuck ever almost as much as i do people like you . 
  then why do you think communism/socialism is better ? 
   what ? 
  i want republicans out of the country , i do n't want to bring more in . 
  if all republicans left this country , you 'd have a third world shithole also the amount of times you swear and use slurs really shows your maturity, 
  people just want to feel as though they 're heard . 
  if you feel like politicians have been ignoring you , one even acknowledging your problems will be nice, 
  chinese culture is n't necessarily toxic like islam is, 
   the more latinos , the better . 
  not at all . 
  it 's not working for us , why would it work for europe ? 
  i googled white male privilege since you could n't spare the time of day . 
  the first three sites were wikipedia , huffington post , and everydayfeminism . 
  why would i trust two sites that are extremely liberal , and once that can be changed on a whim ? 
  people cite white male privilege as there problem because they ca n't own up to things that they did to themselves . 
  next zero countries in europe are socialist . 
  you know why they 're better to live in ? 
  because none of them share a huge fucking border with a third world country . 
  none of them have millions of illegal third world people . 
  but i guess with how the migrant crisis is going , they will soon enough . 
  did the ussr like fun to live in ? 
  china ? 
  north korea ?
