  obviously countries like germany and belgium are pissed . 
  but countries like poland and russia are happy . 
  britain is very 50/50 on the issue . 
  something that is undeniable though is that he has taken back the curtain of what was really going on in our and many other countries governments . 
  i think that he has n't really been in long enough for me to give a reasonable answer . 
  i am optimistic about things but also reasonable . 
  it 's good when both sides can actually talk to one another . 
  and you ? 
  looks like you forgot to take your meds . 
  tell your mother to come up with some better insults . 
  you 're the one throwing the word retard around . 
  i would n't consider being slapped by the retarded kid an attack . 
  are you asking your mom for help with these insults ? 
  they 're very lackluster ... 
  the european snowflake . 
  quite a common sight . 
  it uses its minute penis to find other snowflakes to circle jerk with, 
  yeah i can use google translate too dumbass, 
  are you even trying anymore ? 
  i feel kind of mocking the retarded, 
  no logic to europeans either . 
  just a big ole circlejerk, 
   not impressive . 
  ok for a retarded retard i guess ca n't keep up with your own logic you fuckin ' mongrel ? 
  did n't know a neanderthal could spit such fire !, 
  if america was full of retards , then we would n't of put a man on the moon, 
  i never met someone with so many chromosomes . 
  * nerdy voice * `` heh i bet if i use this guys name , he 'll be totally scared of me '', 
  pass me that ointment because i have obviously just been thoroughly rekt !!, 
  you fucking troglodyte . 
  grow up . 
  `` hitler was just protecting his country ! '', 
  i needed a good laugh today !, 
  since western countries are the successful ones , they 're the ones who have to share . 
  which is bullshit, 
  yah that country that borders romania, 
  if a government ever went against minorities , everyone would be up in arms, 
  ( i 've never lived in europe ) but i think it 's also because in america you could be fed shit and it 's fine but in europe it 's `` deep fried butter on a stick ? 
  how about no . . '', 
  as far as i can tell , the alt-right is a very america/eastern european thing . 
  may be incorrect but not by much, 
  * vanilla * europeans !, 
   he 's fat now  american hmmmm, 
  what 's wrong with r/pussypass ? 
  of course any country can be rich and any country can be poor . 
  but do n't deny that many countries are influenced by it 's religion . 
  a completely muslim country like somalia , would likely be just as bad as any pure christain country, 
  * because of oil * . 
  any country can be rich because of oil . 
  and since qatar has such a small size in both landmass and population , it 's easy for money to go to everyone . 
  oil is magical like that, 
  yes . 
  because of oil, 
  `` oy vey goyim '' is a joke . 
  it 's called satire, 
  you mean that place that has tons of oil money that can give to it 's population ? 
  you mean the place that imports workers from east asia and commits human rights violations ? 
  that qatar ? 
  maybe because france and the uk ( at least the uk ) do n't feel like they should have to share their country, 
  isle of man , shetlands , north ireland , dover , the city of london , gibraltar ... you still have some colonies right ? 
  it was n't a muslim ban though . 
  it was a ban for certain countries which so happen to be muslim, 
  it was n't a muslim ban, 
  honestly this . 
  if he saw nothing and brussels was fine , he more than likely would change his mind . 
  better to let him prove himself wrong than others to prove him right, 
  wait it owned / influenced north iran as well ? 
  i think this map is messed up, 
  would n't eastern europe be highlighted aswell ? 
  yah i probably messed those two terms up . 
  i was watching a video about language ( the guy specializes in it ) and he said in countries like switzerland , since there are so many different languages , many people just speak english, 
  so kind of like if someone called the eu an empire . 
  i mean it has it 's own flag , an anthem , capital , population , borders , trade agreements , diplomacy , etc. 
  but no one would consider it an empire . 
  russia is still pretty big . 
  so are canada , america , and china . 
  but no one would consider those empires either . 
  i would guess it has to do with the type of government . 
  like only monarchies would be considered empires . 
  but then there 's france . 
  yes but in the modern world , it 's sort of a de facto or de jure language . 
  yah i was really trying to think but honestly britain is a pretty faithful ally . 
  hell , look at wwii !, 
  britain is sitting alone on a continent full of death and misery and their main ally was down . 
  they could 've just said `` well looks like we lost this one '' but nope !, 
  `` haha !, 
  i passed 9th grade history class !, 
  i obviously know everything ! '', 
  stop pointing out the facts !, 
  you 're scaring him !, 
  i agree with that but the slaves brought too america was not just by americans it was also by europeans, 
  why ? 
  are you saying like in the way that the german reich should be classified as well ? 
  probably due to the fact that spain had colonies while china ( or the qing whatever ) were just one landmass . 
  same goes for the british empire and the mongol empire . 
  people get upset but without the empire , we would n't be as advanced as we are today . 
  thanks to the empire , there might also be a universal language ( eventually ), 
  would the russo-japanese war count ? 
  i know britain and japan had a treaty to ally in the threat of russia but i do n't know how much that counts, 
  it 's all about clicks,
