if your country was plunged into anarchy for years , you 'd gladly welcome a dictator, 
  i see no problems with this, 
  i speak new yorker, 
  when trump builds the mexican wall , canada will build the great wall of canada to keep the obesity out, 
  great wall of canada, 
  we 're multicultural too !, 
  we have the mexican border region, 
  it 's a very unrecognizable island . 
  show me a picture of cyprus flipped horizontally , and i 'd know . 
  show me honshu and i 'd be able to tell . 
  for some reason no . 
  probably because they 're just two circles really, 
  vladivostok , russia is the same distance from kaliningrad , russia as it is to vancouver , canada, 
  which is kind of funny because if most america descends from germans , and germans like their space . 
  just look at a light map of europe, 
  ottawa is closer to zagreb , croatia than to victoria, 
  the neighborhood he lives in is super weird . 
  all the houses are different sizes and the roads are crazy . 
  he lives in a huge house , but the house two doors over is a shed . 
  super odd . 
  really nice area though . 
  well of course they are with that attitude !, 
  nederland will conquer all, 
  my uncle lives there !, 
  pawling i think . 
  what 's funny is when we go to visit , my other cousins from ct think they 're in the middle of no where . 
  lower hudson valley ? 
  `` oh there 's land and water on mars ? 
  pssshhhh . 
  i 'll make islands '', 
  when there was no more land to conquer on earth , the dutch created more land to conquer, 
  odd how belgium 's coast is so straight, 
  it 's odd to think about that from an american perspective . 
  i know that america is much larger than any european nation , but it 's just odd to think about how close y' all are to one another . 
  if i drove out 50 miles , i could be in the middle of a forest . 
  and i live on the east coast, 
  thank you , i did n't know . 
  i have n't been really staying up to date on the whole russian-ukrainian thing, 
  germany did n't march into the sudetenland and then say `` i want it '' . 
  russia did n't ask for it or offer to pay for it . 
  and while they are fucking with east ukraine , we 're not sure exactly what they want . 
  they could try to take parts of ukraine , or they could focus on georgia . 
  this is also a bit different from germany , because the russians in ukraine want to leave . 
  i do n't remember there being an event were germans revolted in prague . 
  we already have russia backed into a corner due to sanctions . 
  so i think that if we were able to get ukraine much closer to the west , and settle crimea , things may , * may * settle down a bit, 
  why would i not care about europe ? 
  i know what happened 1936-1941 . 
  i realize that this is like germany taking the sudetenland . 
  but in 1938 germany asked and we gave it too them . 
  russia already took it . 
  we need to take measures to counter act this . 
  do n't get angry at me for giving my 2 cents, 
  the range of red hair probably would be a bit larger , as celtics still held some land and/or influence in mainland europe, 
  never thought of that . 
  that was a thing here too . 
  you have blacks working on a farm , so people would try to get as little sun as possible . 
  i mean preferences are really an opinion . 
  i do n't really have an opinion on either, 
  i 'm trying to be somewhat realistic . 
  here 's what i imagine could work - sevastopol is to be annexed by russia - crimea is to be demilitarized by both russian and ukrainian troops - east ukraine will gain greater autonomy, 
  odd that in europe waving your flag is associated can fascism , but in america it 's kind of the opposite, 
  would n't be surprised if soon we had a law that required every american citizen to dress in only american flags . 
  with soviet flag toilet paper, 
  just saw it . 
  ca n't fucking type today . 
  the city of sevastopol . 
  they were already renting it from ukraine . 
  just let them have it , but have ukraine either in nato , or the relation japan has with nato, 
  saw a video about the impact eu had on fishing , and the guy they interviewed ... not even sure he was speaking english . 
  i would n't want to risk it . 
  it just feels like syria is going to be a new cuban missile crisis, 
   that 's wishful thinking though, 
  stereotypes are usually just facts that have been exaggereated, 
  if we 're friendly with them , we may need to be able to stop them fucking with east ukraine ( or ukraine in general ) . 
  that 's wishful thinking though, 
  no ( or less ) usa-russia tension, 
  what 's reason 43295 ? 
  what were you trying to imply with those winks ? 
  `` what 's your fetish ? 
  you know what , we trust that you 're a good citizen '', 
  of course it 's unrealistic , but if we could be on good terms with russia , i reckon that syria would become a bit less of a shit show, 
  the left acts unified , but it 's actually very split between bernie and hillary, 
  people are acting like this is new . 
  obama just acted like a `` cool '' guy so things went on the down low . 
  but when trump got in , he peeled the curtain back . 
  every country has some times in history where they fucked up a bit, 
  well are you a * gay trans liberal * muslim communist ? 
  the kkk is not even a thing anymore . 
  attacks by things like blm are probably pretty similar to the kkk, 
  how big are those fires if they 're visible from space ? 
  like miles of straight fire ? 
  wow realized what a trainwreck that sentence was . 
  fixed, 
  america is a fairly poor example . 
  we 're known for being racist for a reason . 
  switzerland contains fairly similar people . 
  all european speaking similar ( ish ) languages china actually is very bad at multi-culturalism as well . 
  they actively oppress tibetans and uyghur 's . 
  i 'm not sure about russia .
