  it was swinging really far left and now it 's swinging far to the right . 
  i 'd say trump is where the pendulum is going to start swinging down now . 
  i kind of agree . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm pro gay , but sexuality is already a very sensitive subject today . 
  if someone wants to have a gay person in a film , it depends on the motive . 
  was the person the best actor ? 
  or was he hired because he was gay ? 
  yah for some reason when we got political parties and terms for these parties , we saw europe and wanted to be the * different * kid . 
  like our right-wing is considered extreme in mot european countries, 
  is russia conspiracy ? 
  that 's quite the thought crime you just committed !, 
  in all seriousness though , it 's not at all fair to compare the eu , a collection of self governing independent countries , to america , a collection of self governing states united by a federal government, 
  r/murica also did n't want politics to be a thing on there which was very nice . 
  it 's not hard to see that this subreddit is very left leaning, 
  part of it is age . 
  while countries like france and germany have been around much longer then the u.s. , america 's government has n't changed much since it 's foundation . 
  corruption has been able to get into america 's government . 
  meanwhile france had plenty of revolutions , and germany was disunited for a long time , so government was changing . 
  also america was born out of a rebellion , so laws like the right to bear arms , do make it seem like we are very wary of government, 
  i 'll laugh at a joke at america 's expense , most likely because i live here and they 're usually true . 
  but a decent amount of the time it 's not really a joke , it 's just a hate circle jerk . 
  we 're giving it away for free, 
  that language is going to send you straight to heck !, 
  europe actually * should n't * have any refugees . 
  under international law , refuges are supposed to go to the first safe country they can : turkey , iran , kuwait , saudi arabia , lebanon , israel , and jordan . 
  these are economic migrants , they are n't real refugees, 
  absolutely terrible idea, 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  europe has no obligation to take in these `` refugees '' . 
  the countries that immediately border iraq and syria do, 
  is there any translation of the words online ? 
  do n't change your country !, 
  make sure you preserve it and avoid the shit show going on in western europe, 
  while some of it was conquest , it was really that it spread through out the roman empire and then bam it 's all over europe, 
  kinda goes for both sides really, 
  the media , hollywood , people rioting in the streets , extremely liberal colleges . 
  the whole thing is a pendulum and currently right-wing is counter-culture, 
  mad max 2 : swedish boogaloo, 
  i was going to say denmark but scandinavia in general typically have their shit together, 
  scandinavia , ahead of the game again, 
  most southerners have ancestry that can be traced to the british isles, 
  the english integrated better . 
  some parts of america still speak german actually . 
  the germans were forced to integrate during wwi, 
  some sources i 've heard say it 's actually english , because english just seems to be forgotten about when people report it . 
  it could be german though, 
  maybe it 's the idea of `` if we 're doing so great on our own , we 'd do so much better together ! '', 
  or he was going on the `` drunken irishman '' stereotype since he says  alternatively you could weaponize ` drunk ' and just not care . 
   looks like america 's progressive mental illnesses are leaking into europe . 
  ahh good to see our cancer is spreading, 
  brainwashing, 
  they were slaves . 
  rosa parks was set up though . 
  there was another black woman that did that before her , but she had a child and was single . 
  they are n't being oppressed . 
  your town is older than my country, 
  the gay frogs are going to make the water disappear . 
  why does it matter really ? 
  that 's very true, 
  here 's how bernie can still win, 
  russia really . 
  majority russian , they were already renting sort of sevastopol . 
  within a few decades most of this will likely be forgotten about and the boycotts and what not will be lifted . 
  i saw an englishman once . 
  knew he was a spy . 
  could tell by his accent . 
  later that day i realized he stole my wallet . 
  the bastard had the audacity to put it in my other pocket . 
  they have grown a lot . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  unless moderate politicians fix what the people are complaining about , you will see somewhat radical parties keep growing, 
  wilders party has gone to 2nd place and the biggest party against him shrunk by a decent amount . 
  and fn had somewhat obvious nazi ties , and 1 in 3 french voters still voted for her . 
  america has also [ kept common law ] ( https://www.frenchentree.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/global_law_map.png ) . 
  most german immigrants were forced to anglicize though . 
  i think you should vaccinate your kids , but having children report their parents for it seems wrong, 
  seems a lot like 1984 . 
  kids reporting parents for wrongthink, 
  thankfully people are getting sick of it, 
  most people agree it 's real , but the split comes from how much of an impact it 's making . 
  i think [ vera lynn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf4jhb9p2v8 ) is a very nice singer . 
  did a lot during wwii, 
   they 're getting about 11 % in opinion polls seems like a bad idea to ban it then . 
  irrelevant, 
  the american definition of liberal has changed a lot in the past few years, 
  god forbid i see news and interact with people outside of my country . 
  the fuck is your problem mate ? 
  people who identify as liberals in america say `` more diversity '' a lot . 
  definitions can change based on country, 
  unfortunately , this is n't a strawman, 
   i bet most most conservatives want to suppress minorities except lincoln was conservative  make being gay illegal nope not at all  you can only fail with society that resembles a youtube comment section in a xbox one vs ps4 video . 
  most european nations would be xbox vs playstation vs wiiu then, 
  most of those were conspiracies believed by a handful of people . 
  you know how much people were fine with obama ? 
  republicans never rioted in the streets on either election . 
  besides obongo , what was there ? 
  barack hussein obama ? 
  i think fox is msm . 
  so they 're an exception . 
  cnn , abc , cbs would all be silent .
