  venezuela ? 
  i think america is a bit to capitalistic , but pure socialism is not the way . 
   shut the fuck up , republican scum like you is what 's ruining the country . 
  says the people who will riot and protest in the streets and is inviting more people in to come and ruin this country, 
  white male privilege is fake and childish . 
  if you hate america so much then leave . 
  our country is crumbling because there are idiots out in the street going on about how socialism is good , and how all whites , males , and straight people are horrible . 
  people like you are so divisive . 
  * you 're * what 's ruining this country, 
  says the person who believes in `` white male privilege '' , has their flair say `` dumbfuckistan '' and just repeats insults like a child, 
  oh are you just going to do that childish thing where you take what someone says and then repeat it ? 
  wow , that was uncreative, 
  fuck off you autist, 
  you 're a fucking mongoloid for not seeing the obvious, 
  camera tapes, 
  crime is typically higher in racially diverse countries, 
  if there is absolute evidence that someone say killed another person , than i see no problem with having them killed ( injection is preferable ), 
  your soul goes to jail we would n't expect you europeans to understand, 
  i would n't say that the us system is 100 % better , it 's just that we 're harsher . 
  yes . 
  if racism was still as awful as you say , than we would n't have had a black president, 
  if white male privilege is so prevalent , than why did we have a black president and an almost female president ? 
  people who cite `` white male privilege '' as the reason they failed at something , are just unwilling to own up to their own failures, 
  well google is a liberal source , so of course it 's going to give me a biased result . 
  white male privilege is dead . 
  and most `` hate crimes '' are hoaxes, 
  except it 's not . 
  white and male privilege died a while ago . 
  stop acting like all woman and non-whites are being `` oppressed '', 
  i 'm white and male and it 's definitely fake . 
  i 'm amazed people even believe in such a dated concept, 
   because republicans would rather give tax cuts to the rich than help out the american poor . 
  does n't matter . 
  he was a republican . 
   you 're a fool if you think if pointing out systematic inequality is demonization . 
  oh i guess you 're one of those people who believes in white and male privilege ? 
  you have to blame all your problems on someone else i guess, 
   those republicans would be dems today . 
  the parties switched . 
  they just so happened to switch ? 
  how convenient for you  because republicans would rather give tax cuts to the rich than help out the american poor . 
  and democrats would rather demonize all men and white people, 
   hint : it 's because they think republicans are racist yes republicans are so racist that we ended slavery and fought to keep this country together  there 's a reason the gop loses the minority vote every single election . 
  because democrats keep promising them free shit, 
   those are people the aclu is representing in a lawsuit against wisconsin . 
  yet still no link  anecdotal evidence is trash , try again . 
  you 're the racist one here . 
  you act like they 're too dumb or too stupid to be able to get voter registration . 
  racism of low expectations, 
  first off , you provided no source for these , so you could just be pulling these out of your ass for all we know . 
  also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lldm-44zb8w, 
  no you ca n't . 
  the left has fucked up monumentally this election, 
  americans love european cultures . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting that idea from, 
  that 's pretty racist . 
  so you think all black people are just poor and dumb ? 
  they ca n't even afford a licence ? 
  racism of low expectations, 
  if the left dropped identity politics , and silences their radicals , than yes trump would be gone in 4 years, 
  the white percentage in america is not easily defined . 
  it is around 65 % but you ca n't put an exact number . 
  also that site is a german site and i am not in a position of using a translator . 
  germany is still a large majority white country that has never completely moved on from its past . 
  i 'm not surprised germany has n't been hit by the wave of populism like many other countries have, 
  it is . 
  liberals talk about it all the time . 
  saying things like `` we need less white people '', 
  it actually is a common narrative among the left . 
  white men are the liberals jews . 
  lots of these people `` getting harassed '' are hoaxes by the way, 
  they did n't know it was wrong though . 
  other people did . 
  we know murder , and pedophilia are wrong , but murderers and pedophiles see it as normal . 
  i agree that european culture can be very distinct . 
  but if europeans were so wildly different , things like the eu or america in general never would have succeeded . 
  so it just happens to be that every violent country is diverse , but why it 's violent is n't traced to diversity ? 
  the one thing many of these countries have in common is n't why they 're violent ? 
   or it could be education levels as history and the modern day has shown , certain peoples are smart and others are not . 
  the second amendment . 
  no other first world nation has gun laws like we do what is voter disenfranchisement ? 
  asking to be validated at the ballot ? 
  to liberals hillary was liberal . 
  to nearly everyone she was liberal, 
  i did n't call you liberal as an insult , i called you one because i assumed you are one . 
  i 'm fed up with having antifa fight in our streets , have people saying trump needs to die , and people saying all white people should die . 
  you can call the right snowflakes all you want , but the left is the one that does n't want to interact or listen to the right, 
  be critical of the government , not of the people . 
  and i 'm annoyed by people who attack me not my argument , those who use petty insults like toddler-in-chief , those not seeing both sides , and those who just say you 're racist , sexist etc. 
  just to name a few reasons, 
  no people did n't `` know it was wrong '' it was just how things were . 
  yes i do know that irish and italians got discriminated against . 
  but all white people still shared a common european culture . 
  so it does n't seem odd that countries like america or brazil ( or most african countries for that matter ) which are more diverse countries , are more violent than say germany , the netherlands or finland ? 
  three very homogenous countries ? 
  we are conservative voter fraud is also extremely common amongst the left well of course in comparison to european liberals she was n't really `` liberal '' . 
  i 'm talking about in america, 
  i think it 's pretty fucking obvious what i said . 
  when talking with liberals , they will be very critical of you if you 're one of those three . 
  yah because i 'm the one fucking with europe .
