  europe needs america , not the other way around . 
  we have zero threat from any country in our hemisphere, 
  what are we doing to make countries leave nato ? 
  we 're the reason why countries join nato . 
  there were jews that votes for trump, 
  you basically just made the argument many holocaust deniers use `` well why should we trust what a jew says '', 
  we have guns and free speech at least . 
  it has majority of latin/french words , but i was referring to the letters it uses, 
  i think english is the only latin based languages not to have accents, 
   a country without a language is a country without a soul . 
  harsh ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i do n't think it 's really a place by place thing anymore . 
  it 's bad everywhere really . 
  city people tend to be more racist no matter what skin color they are though, 
  lets spin the wheel on which country is the biggest risk to europe today !, 
  with the way europe is going with immigration , it 'll end up like america . 
  violent , racist , and much more conservative, 
  99 % of conservatives have no problem with immigration , they have a problem with illegal immigration . 
  but when the demographics start to shift , people are going to get upset . 
  i think america is actually a pretty bad example . 
  racial tension is through the roof . 
  people naturally segregate . 
  in places like canada or australia where immigrants are more likely to be in the upper class , it looks fine . 
  but in america where minorities are all over , it 's not good . 
  also i do n't think switzerland really counts because you 're mixing french , german and italian ( mainly ) not german , algerian and iraqi . 
  it seems to depend on country to country . 
  i think r/europe is left leaning but america is also much more conservative in our politics, 
  a decent amount of things have been destroyed though . 
  and on the ring of fire or the hurricane area ( caribbean and east coast america ) mother nature would n't let things last long, 
  well if your two choices are one person who is corrupt beyond all belief , has likely had people killed and looks like a witch , and an orange tv star , you 're going to go with the tv star, 
  no not really . 
  if you want to make a good healthy meal , it can be pretty expensive, 
   americans are the least educated and knowledgeable of foreign affairs , languages , and disparate cultures , societies , and social norms amongst all westernized countries and the least exposed universally . 
  considering america is basically the center of the world , many would n't think to be . 
  also considering the only languages that border us are spanish , french and english , learning a new language is not really a priority . 
   donald trump is running an overt program of racism and bigotry not seen on our planet since hitler committed suicide in utter disgrace . 
  he has a jewish daughter and son in law . 
  i 'd say most liberals are the racist ones . 
  they think that black people are too dumb or poor to obtain a license to vote . 
   anyone who is supporting him must be a racist bigot plain and simple . 
  lots of self hating asians , blacks , latinos , gays and women then . 
   trump is owned by russia and putin . 
  if you want to say that , then at least admit that clinton was owned by most arabian nations . 
   he gleefully advocates the use of torture and war crimes . 
  and then retracted it when mattis said no . 
   he does n't seem to understand civility , progress , equality or american values . 
  he 's the first president to never have said he 's against gay marriage  the us is much more racist and backward than we ever thought . 
  well europe started two world wars, 
   the us has never ever been a civilized democracy and never ever will be . 
  so you 're obviously not mentally sound . 
  the us is one of the oldest continuous democracies . 
  how are the us and uk not democracies ? 
  they fought fascism from 1939-1945 and communism from 1945-1991 . 
  you know who 's not civilized ? 
  europe . 
  they had the atlantic slave trade , colonialism , oppressed the whole world . 
  they started two world wars . 
  last time i checked a big mac was n't healthy for you, 
  likely nothing . 
  europe seems to be taking steps away from america . 
   we 're a sickly and fat country mostly because of sugar . 
  this was mentioned as well . 
  forgot . 
  fast food is pretty bad . 
  and by whole foods , they meant things like steak and not cheetos, 
  told to avoid fast food at all costs . 
  eat more fruits , vegetables , whole foods . 
  keep track of ingredients . 
  eat less than 2000 calories a day . 
  pretty standard . 
  it 's talked about every year in health class, 
  the fat ones were n't able to hop the fence, 
  food can be like a drug . 
  you think it 's not hurting you , but you 're needing bigger clothes , you get out of breath easier and get tired more . 
  plenty of people are obese because they do n't care , but plenty are obese because * they ca n't stop * . 
  telling a fat guy to stop buying food is like telling a smoker to stop buying cigarettes . 
  it simply does n't work, 
  america really . 
  we started fast food and it just kind of spread . 
  bigger is better is what most americans live by, 
  are you older ? 
  because i 'm still in school , and healthy eating is stressed big time . 
  have you ever been to america ? 
  because you 're absolutely right . 
  a big problem is price and time . 
  why spend at least 30 $ making a meal that will take a while , when mcdonalds can you offer you two packs of nuggets , fries and two drinks for a little over 10 $ ? 
  `` i just do n't get why these racist , sexist , xenophobic , bigoted politicians are winning ! '', 
  said the uninformed person, 
   debating irrelevant identity politics , leaving the proper governance to supranational organizations , banks etc. 
  you just described american politics for the past two years, 
  was it france or america ? 
  i do n't remember and i 'm tired but i 'm going to go on a limb here and say it was america . 
  `` who cares if plenty of our own people get killed/raped ? 
  a few of them might be sad ! '', 
  `` why do these populists keep winning ?! '', 
   dumb mick now that 's a slur i have n't heard in a while, 
  i did n't notice it said in the eu . 
  i just wanted to look at who was where, 
  it sounds like muslims are on par with evangelicals, 
  yes but the meaning on the union jack now is for northern ireland,
