  also you did n't have to take any refugees . 
  liberals are the most hypocritical at being `` tolerant '' . 
  you claim to be accepting and what not , but when an american , brit or russian walks through the door you froth at the mouth, 
  you 're just upset you know you 're wrong . 
  you know i 'm not a troll , you just do n't want to face the facts . 
  germany is still something like 95 % german . 
  when it hits 60 % , let me know how good you guys have it, 
  if most did n't interpret the koran that way , than isis would n't exist . 
  most countries that have islam as a majority religion follow the koran very closely, 
  tell me how i 'm wrong, 
  well then they are n't racist since muslims and trannies are n't a race . 
  and i see no problem with being upset at people who follow a religion that dictates that gays be thrown off of roofs , and women have next to no rights . 
  you mean that place that has black people , gays , asians and all other types of people there ? 
  also what i said was n't `` textbook racism '', 
  not really no . 
  for the time that was just how things were . 
  and if you 're country is racist even when it 's not being flooded with third worlders , what makes you think they 'd be racist when they are ? 
  also american diversity has changed . 
  america used to be diversity of europe . 
  now it 's diversity of the world . 
  it 's no longer an irishman living next to a german , it 's a chinese living next to a cuban . 
  and when countries are more diverse , they 're more violent . 
  this country is pretty conservative . 
  half of american voters voted for trump . 
  also compared to the rest of the first world , we 're very conservative . 
  also hillary is not centrist , she was very liberal . 
   blatant voter disenfranchisement how ? 
  by saying that you should have to basically show your license to vote ? 
  also nice generalization there . 
  it 's not really a backwards ideology either . 
  conservatives are stronger physically , and intelligence is not easily defined . 
  most conservatives also are n't `` accept jesus or go to hell '' but `` i like jesus '' . 
  conservatives want things like planned parenthood and contraceptives to not be taxpayer funded . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  sorry to break it to you but we 're still a democracy and we 're not a shithole, 
  what 's your problem ? 
  i ca n't have an opinion ? 
  when many different types of cultures are forced to resonate within one nation , i do n't think it 's going to end well . 
  i like culture , i 'm just saying that forcing multiple different types of people to live in one nation is likely going to end up bad, 
  same . 
  even just a year ago i thought `` well some of them are good people '' but now it 's `` this is getting out of hand . '', 
  it 's a glass half empty/full type of situation, 
  day by day may be a hyperbole , but you can not deny that they are growing, 
  neo-nazis and the alt-right are wildly more popular than 10 years ago . 
  when people feel that they 're being threatened , they 're going to react violently, 
  canada relies on us economically a lot i believe . 
  although we are not as tied to them as say france is to germany, 
  i think it fits . 
  we have very good relations with canada , but we do n't even have open borders with them, 
  i think it fits . 
  we have very good relations with canada , but we do n't even have open borders with them, 
  i think it fits . 
  we have very good relations with canada , but we do n't even have open borders with them, 
  compared to america france is pretty liberal . 
  for just one issue : france has pretty open borders . 
  even with canada we use passports to move across the border, 
  i have a strong gut feeling that the anglophone countries are going to get a big boost in european migration if the current immigration into europe does n't change . 
  britain is very much still salvageable . 
  and things like that video are why the alt-right and neo nazis are gaining power by the day, 
  diverse and cultural does n't equal good, 
  europe was already diverse and cultural prior to the migrant crisis, 
  the more diverse europe gets , the more popular identity politics will become, 
  i think she lost because she took an american conservative stance in a very liberal country . 
  if moderate politicians are not going to do as they say , and be accountable , you will see radical groups get more popular . 
  that 's one of the biggest reasons trump and brexit happened , and why le pen got 1/3 of the vote . 
  people are n't happy with the status quo and are feeling ignored . 
  you keep letting third world people just run into your country like this and you 'll see europe turn into america : racist , violent , `` diverse '' and more conservative, 
  know what better than europeans ? 
  no the problem is moderate politicians are n't being honest and doing their job . 
  so people are going to look towards more `` radical '' groups . 
  even if the `` radical '' groups do n't do as promised , people will still feel better than the status quo, 
  people also want change . 
   and there is a reason the gop is so fond of voter suppression . 
  is it so really so much to ask for license ? 
  that 's all it 's really asking, 
  `` you will not believe what greece just told me ... '', 
  lots of people know the british flag as the union * jack *, 
  it 's not your home though, 
  what is everyone 's problem with america ? 
  y' all love to preach `` tolerance and acceptance '' but when an american steps into the room you turn rabid, 
  it 's just an improved ghost costume, 
   the violence in america has gone down as it has become less white . 
  holy shit are you serious ?!, 
  america has gotten more violent since it 's gotten less white, 
  the migrant crisis may be over , but you still have millions of middle easterners in europe . 
  when demographics start to change wildly and even countrysides are no longer native , you 'll see change . 
  europe is on the road to becoming america if it does n't change, 
  i would n't really think china would speak up about climate change, 
  talking about latinos, 
  not for everyone . 
  america is getting fucked because of illegal immigration, 
  is the german empire flag offensive as well ? 
  the only thing that looks offensive would be the bird and cross , but i do n't know how bad that is in germany, 
  he 's not though . 
  he has said multiple times about his disdain for the alt-right . 
  i 'm not even a huge fan of him either, 
  paul joseph watson is not a `` neo-nazi '', 
  does italy have a migrant problem ? 
  i 've only heard of southern europe is the gateway to north europe, 
  not any american accent i 've heard,
