  i guess everyone in the use would flip their shit , rest of the world would just freak out . 
  well , there are two options . 
  either you talked to some people who have left the country in pursue of work and those ( not all of them , but well , most of them ) are not the sharpest tools in the shed or you have mistaken some crass bantz with no respect for pc whatsoever for real opinion . 
  most of my pals are at least a lil bit right winged and noone gives a fuck really . 
  we might throw around homophobic slurs to each other on a daily basis but once a guy i knew came out of a closet and it became apparent that noone gives a shit . 
  nothing changed . 
  mostly in warsaw . 
  and well , that 's a thing with anecdotal evidence , it aint worth shit . 
  based my opinion on quite a few of the people i know left and experience of my roommate who also worked for a period of time abroad . 
  shift + space for laugh . 
  played a shitton of singed back in the day . 
  idd it is . 
  in every thread there must be at least some comments with a bunch of guys just mirin ' and writing some of the gayest shit in the web . 
  if some of these fighter visited this sub , especially luke rockhold , they would be like wtf , genuinely freaked out . 
  and i switch between loving it and cringing at it , never change r/mma . 
  theoretically it could , it just ca n't be done probably . 
  we talk about exceeding speed of light here , not getting from one place to another faster than light could , i know it sounds the same but rly is n't . 
  the latter could be achieved with warp drives , wormholes and whatnot . 
  yeah , as far as we know time stops once you reach c and then starts going backwards . 
  casuality breaks , paradoxes and so on . 
  check tachyons on wiki . 
  i 'm not a physicist tho so i might be spewing bullshit . 
  they disqualified alan jouban for being a pro though, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 've watched some recent interviews and he seems pretty articulate . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/heisasavage, 
  probably he 's refering his antigay stand . 
  well im with them on that one , sounds reasonable, 
  we are talking about ufc fighters here though , elite and top tier . 
  even more so in case of condit who is one of the best ever . 
  lets take the most random soccer player from one of the best leagues , however im pretty positive not the best paying one , la liga . 
  andreu fontas , defender from celta vigo earns over 1,3 kk euro annualy . 
  that puts things in perspective . 
  still , value and revenue of a single spanish club ( ofc excluding barca and real , i doubt atletico is close ) can in no way be compared to ufc . 
  not saying that for example jotko or timothy johnson should be set for life but someone who was consistently top 5 for years ? 
  care to link ? 
  he really does seem like a great guy . 
  genuine , down to earth and pretty insightful . 
  also did n't expect him to be this articulate using english , if not for the accent he could pass for a native speaker . 
  like him as well . 
  btw thank you very much , appreciated, 
  edit : not almost , just a native, 
  yeah , same here . 
  sense of this matchup is utterly lost on me , lamas is rly , rly legit , probably not that much of a draw and gains little to nothing from winning that fight . 
  on the other if bj wins he will what ? 
  get some fight that will put him in title contention ? 
  doubtful . 
  the second case in hypothetical cuz im pretty sure that lamas will manhandle him , even though i love and respect bj . 
  rly weird one . 
  was oleg fucking taktarov high level back then ? 
  it aint olympics or some niche grappling tournament no more , if you are willing to become a prizefighter then , you know , be ready to fight for prizes . 
  [ all i can think about watching this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d696t3yalay&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=45s ), 
  i might be biased because i had known him as an actor before i learned he was a fighter . 
  huh , thanks . 
  the more you know . 
  too bad he transitioned into walking slugfest . 
  maybe held will force him to showcase some of his hopefully not the late groundgame . 
  yeah , it 's most certainly true . 
  there is this vietnamese restaurant located in something like vietnatown in my city that i visit every now and then for a couple of years now becuase they have the best pho ive ever had in my life . 
  long story short , there 's this 20 something dude sitting behind the counter almost every time i 'm there and still if you had him standing in a row with other guys about his age working and walking around i wouldnt be able to point him out . 
  like the best i could do would be a semieducated guess . 
  honestly it creeps me out and makes me feel dumb af . 
  and they have that nice , oldschool touch . 
  woah , he really mixes things up with his denim . 
  got ta score those sweet style points . 
  really ? 
  thats fucked up , however i think it 'd be taken for racism mostly by those afraid to offend someone and not the ones subject to it , speaking out of my ass though , wouldnt know anything about as i live in of the most homogenous societies out there so thats not an issue . 
  well , i feel like this vietnamese guy would be a good sport about that and just take a piss off me . 
  wo n't check tho . 
  what is he supposed to say ? 
  that there should be some fight between pokrajac and gus because that 's too much of a leap ? 
  that it 's a mismatch and he 's going to get smashed ? 
  he is pretty durable though so i can see it going the distance . 
  as far as jj vs kk is concerned , everyone in poland wants that to take place there . 
  joanna is popular , quite a few people would tune in to watch that which probably would force ufc to make the rest of the card a lil bit better than meh . 
  you could see the soul fleeing , it was hard not to notice . 
  fuck me , it has to happen . 
  true , i doubt i have ever seen someone being taken down at will like that . 
  not to mention constant attempts to recover guard when he posed no threat whatsoever from there . 
  it rly looked like a fight for survival and not the juicy w. 
  he wo n't be given too much opportunites to showcase progress in my opinion . 
  quite a few . 
  and only cub against frankie comes to my mind . 
  only one takedown was stuffed by janek . 
  can imagine he would say that as that 's quite a leap for him . 
  one fight in a division and aiming at a guy who should be awarded titleshot already . 
  that 's a sound advice and ill make sure to do so . 
  even though it might have been a lil bit of an hyperbole , it 's not common for a guy to shoot a singleleg and an opponent laying on his back each and every time not two seconds later . 
  no chain takedowns , almost no work on an angle . 
  just shoot and get it . 
  or rory nate . 
  i remember watching the fight you mentioned live and just asking myself who the fuck is the guy and how i had not heard about him before . 
  actually i boasted quite a bit about recognizing his talent before he was really known however it wasnt an impressive feat in retrospect . 
  tbh i did . 
  thank you very much mate , exactly what i was looking for . 
  know it was a longshot but still worth a try . 
  it 'd be great to see how for example hai managed things . 
  this game is about being aggresive , how is this bronze 5 ? 
  to quote jankos there are no passive or aggresive ways of playing matchups , only right or wrong . 
  just pick olaf and maul him every time he shows up or something , i actually loved to play against nasus when i used to play top as it 's about as straightforward as it gets .
