maybe so , i dont play urgot myself and he 's seen so rarely that it 's hard to assess his late game but in no way he is weak early . 
  innately pretty tanky with monstrous base dmg on abilities . 
  one landed e followed up with 2 q , and there 's no easier combo to land can chunk almost everyone to something like 30-40 % hp . 
  calm your tits man , i 'm a pole myself , but man , do n't believe everything you read in right-wing press . 
  it 's a problem but a monstrously overblown , no educated man in the west believes that shit . 
  and do n't retaliate by attacking other nations . 
  no maldonado against glotex ? 
  it might not sound like one but damn it was hard to watch at one point . 
  not quite sure if you 're serious but that would be just straight up cringe inducing , i like pudzian , he used to be a great at what he did but mma is more of a well paid hobby for him . 
  he lacks technique , cardio and tries to make up for it with sheer strength but that 's not what we should watch in ufc anymore . 
  if they 're eyeing someone polish to fight crocop my guess would be karol bedorf but i rly dont think it 's necessary . 
  jedrzejczyk , maybe mankowski or hallmann and janek is more than enough , i 'd much rather see some decent international matchups than forced forced polish draft . 
  dunno , maybe tarec saffiedine against some1 ? 
  yeah , i didnt care to check if the fight was already scheduled , my bad . 
  april sounded like a sensible time to me tho . 
  well even without aska rest of my points still stands . 
  nope they wo n't , he requires to much for what he can offer . 
  what is more he 's reluctant to leave ksw since he seems to love to be a big fish in a small pond . 
  he might be a top 10 mw but he 's not a needlemover outside poland . 
  i had a 9 matches losing streak couple of weeks ago and i 've sworn then to not play lol ever again . 
  i have n't since . 
  chapeux bas for endurance :d, 
  yeah , siver would maul him prolly though . 
  his win might be quick and flashy but not quite impressive . 
  and trashtalking a guy who doesnt trash talk and gives no reason to do it is just low . 
  except there would n't be one since pettis has legit and proven grappling and should the slightest hint of danger occur he would use it . 
  yeah , then we can . 
  but it 's still an if . 
  yeah , you are right but that does n't make me like it more . 
  exchange between two trashtalkers is enjoyable but man , siver is a farthest guy from a trashtalker there 's even been . 
  not to mention such a leap by all chances would be just too much for him . 
  siver ai n't no andy ogle , he might have looked like an easy fight for conor but i guess there are still guys whose livers hurt from as much as the sound of his name . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  that 's a picture i would like to see . 
  thank you kind sir . 
  well , it 's actually just a translated quote from a polish writer jozef czechowicz . 
  who reads , lives many times , who does n't only once . 
  but in more poetic way ofc . 
  if i was to guess i would say that it has something to do with rockhold being an absolute beast . 
  he really is skilled , huge , explosive and athletic . 
  he is also the more versatile of the two . 
  no , not more but just as . 
  you do n't have to remind me how his fight with vitor ended , i remember that thing of beauty but i do n't see him getting caught like that for the second time . 
  not to mention lyoto is a whole different type of striker . 
  you lost me , are you comparing vitor or luke to lyoto now ? 
  because if the latter then i agree however he makes up for it in other areas , if vitor , well not so much . 
  he might be less efficient and precise but he possesses more one shot power , can force his pace , does n't depend on the opponent committing and sets up what he wants to do pretty nicely . 
  i wo n't be too surprised if that happens , but i still think lyoto either gets tapped out or loses via ud . 
  gegard , disregarding my love for this guy as a fighter , is considerably worse than luke nowadays and he still managed to go the distance with machida . 
  in my opinion rockhold is number 2 in mw currently and he will show it . 
  i know that height does n't equal size , but height - and reachwise rockhold is one of the biggest guys he ever fought . 
  from the top of my head only weidman and jones were bigger . 
  fair enough . 
  does n't get much more classless than that . 
  enemy territory and soad 's steal this album , it was glorious . 
  still two of the best things ever to happen in their respective categories . 
  because what 's the point of owning tuned truck with an engine straight from aircraft carrier if you ca n't storm through the city in it after and during blowing some coke . 
  well , with a warp drive it 's possible . 
  tbh if i ever heard this being said i 'd be wondering what the fuck fairfax has to do with anything, 
  no , as much as i would like that to see that , it will never happen . 
  first of all , mileage , fighting for so many years takes it 's toll even on figher so elusive as gegard . 
  secondly and more importantly , competition . 
  he can either go up and face alexander , cormier and soon jones or monsters in mw . 
  he is a little bit too small for lhw and mw is prolly a div with the most talent in higher spots . 
  he was a champ but no way he 's going to achieve the same in ufc . 
  yeah , you proved that you 're not a prick at all . 
  and selfposting smurfing in silver , stay humble mate , never change . 
  that looks extremely handy , any other pieces of software that every lol player should be familiar with ? 
  they are tearing el for this exact reason , uneven distribution of money . 
  they make so little that it 's actually beneficial for them to do well there while english teams can make much , much more in the bpl and therefore ca n't risk to invest resources into european cups unless it 's cl . 
  swansea , whu , southampton and so forth could put up one hell of a fight against valencia or sevilla but they wo n't because that 's lose / lose situation for them . 
  as la liga fan and atletico supporter , yes , basically that 's what im saying . 
  they ca n't afford to risk an injury which could cripple them for the rest of a season or even an exhaustion . 
  yeah , people enjoying their time there are cringey as fuck . 
  they should just throw `` dank '' memes around around cuz , you know , esports . 
  yeah fair point , it does tho . 
  afaik photons provide the energy making some chemical bonds break and that emits a quantum of energy / difference in potentials , dunno rly , which can be understood by brain . 
  no , never , not by a longshot . 
  he was n't even all that good for his time , he was gifted af but he never lived up to it . 
  it 's ridiculous he is even mentioned in that context . 
  higuain lost the wc final , argentina and messi should have and would have won if not for his utter incapability to put the ball in the net when it matters . 
  is fatal1ty really considered the best quake player ? 
  maybe quake 4 or painkiller player , but those were n't even that developed scenes . 
  actually due to the posts like your `` gold 3 is basically bronze '' it 's still running . 
  yeah , cuz everyone who 's not , let 's say , jose manuel jurado ca n't play soccer , or anyone who 's not michio kaku ca n't count . 
  if you do n't have your wiki page then you ca n't do shit . 
  being in top 15-20 % of playerbase equals being in bottom 20 % . 
  and i 'm under impression that you do n't understand the idea behind a ciclejerk , or the word moralist for that matter . 
  and btw , hurr durr stands for laughter . 
  you are wrong on so many levels mate . 
  and bard flair is the one to say that , you traitor . 
  there 's something about rockhold on which i ca n't really put my finger that makes me root for weidman hard . 
  he is confident , calm cool and collected , great athlete , helluva skilled fighter and seems like all around stand up guy but fuck me somehow feels out of place for me as a champ . 
  but i guess that if he manages to put a beating on the chris once again i 'll get used to it . 
  yeah , reading about someone that there 's only 5-10 lws more deserving of a signing in the context of fighting khabib makes you think that anyone responsible for that matchup should be prosecuted as a fucking accomplice to murder . 
  gun shy might be the most fitting description of the uriah . 
  should he have a little bit more bloodlust in him he would spin the needle like crazy . 
  he may be way more evasive but jones is still slick af in the pocket and can just impose his will on whomever he faces . 
  glover also had his overpowering blow and he just got utterly shutdown . 
  jones style just does n't let people use their tricks to the full extent .
