this is getting way too close for comfort . 
  i know , i hope it does n't come to that . 
  the refugees are not doing themselves a favor by acting this way . 
  you might get you wish . 
  i hope not . 
  i saw a few images a short time ago on the romanian television . 
  some people bleeding and one on the ground waiting for emts . 
  i expect this will be common practice in the near future . 
  `` guys , we found a nazi train full of gold . '', 
  `` guys , we found a nazi train '' , `` guys , we found a train '' , `` guys , we 're at a train station '', 
  [ cleaning it takes away its historic value . 
  i 'll give you tree fiddy for it ] ( http://images2.mtv.com/uri/mgid:file:docroot:mtv.com:/crop-images/2013/08/21/harrison_rick.jpg ) . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  i have a friend who 's nickname is cebula . 
  now i found out it mean onion on portuguese . 
  his gps is not working so he 's sticking to the main roads . 
  me neither , but given the state of our military , the corruption and nepotism that run rampant through it , it 's better then nothing . 
  [ mmmmmm ] ( http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/300-rainbow-puke.jpg ), 
  we welcome that sexy brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt, 
  or putin has been playing too much civ . 
  that train is never late . 
  picture no 9 is literally my worst nightmare right now . 
  cool , new toys for our neighbors to the south . 
  that would be difficult in crimea , where the bulk of the russian forces army . 
  also they are not some random wannabe soldiers , they are russian regulars . 
  not going to lie , made my heart hurt a little . 
  we salute you , latin brothers across the continent . 
  * raises glass *, 
  my money is on messi and meymar . 
  caviar and mail brides ofc . 
  where i 'm from , guests respect the rules of the hosts . 
  the white walkers are coming . 
  hungary is already ready to build the wall . 
  oh you guys have snow , snow , weed , acid , shrooms , the whole deal . 
  there was that fellow with the firecrackers on the 1st of december last year . 
  not sure if it counts . 
  no opinion about romania ? 
  we got one of the biggest outlet of chinese goods in eastern europe , centrul comercial dragonul rosu/the red dragon commercial center . 
  man , the spanish really hate putin and they 're on the opposite side of the continent . 
  crazy or not , the romanian af still uses mig-21 , modernized versions though . 
  bullets do n't win the war in the winter , saunas do . 
  no wonder they kicked soviet ass back in the day . 
  you should absolutely check ammu nation then . 
  get that on a shirt . 
  we 've been trying to integrate their sorry asses for the last 150 year ( ? ), 
  and that got us nowhere . 
  yeah , we do n't get it either . 
  [ you did too . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yefjwcae8j0 ), 
  as a romanian , i guess it 's time to resurrect stephen the great and vlad the impaler . 
  new pm , dacian ciolos . 
  we are preparing the arrival of our superior german overlords . 
  svatovo is in lpr controlled territory ? 
  i ca n't really tell from google maps . 
  i knew it was about laura ck before i even clicked on the link . 
  the latter one . 
  night gathers , and now my watch begins ... 
  us with our dead , they with theirs . 
  both tragic events nonetheless . 
   `` there is a war back home , what choice do we have ? '' said 43-year-old wajd abu sayed , waiting to be bussed to a slovenian refugee centre after crossing croatia by train . 
  a chef who worked for years in venezuela , he only returned to his home outside damascus months before fighting broke out . 
  `` i did want to live in syria , '' he said . 
  i 'm going to get some flack for this and i do feel sorry for them , but europe has had two 6 years long wars in half a century and i do n't think the population of any country moved to the us , for exemple . 
  we endured and solved our problems . 
  it 's all about the mentality i guess . 
  how about no ? 
  i feel sorry for our brothers across the prut , but they made their choice two decades ago . 
  in 1990 , they still had a chance to `` saved '' , today not so much . 
  i do n't want romanian lives to be lost for a ship that has sailed a long time ago . 
  nice highways . 
  send a couple of kilometers to romania . 
  it 's about time . 
  it took only 25 years . 
  i like the german cover better . 
  coming to cinemas near you this fall . 
  operation cwal is a go . 
  i repeat , operation cwal is a go . 
  for a neutral nation , switzerland is packing a lot of hardware . 
  thank you uncle sam ? 
  a all year round warm water port , home of the russian black sea fleet vs `` international backlas '' . 
  i think putin weighed the pros and cons enough before he decided to act . 
  do n't compare putin with ceausescu . 
  ceausescu was a illiterate shoemaker who was in the right place at the right time . 
  putin is a intelligent highly trained ex kgb officer , who leaves nothing to chance . 
  his every move is carefully calculated . 
  i still ca n't believe this was just twenty year ago . 
  i was a kid back then and i did n't understand much but when i look back , i realise we came a long way . 
  as / u/ednorog noted  uk prime minister is expected to trigger the brexit legislation on wednesday , which means the uk is to start leaving the eu officially . 
  home . 
  the bottom of the alps on the italian side is lit af . 
  the recommended videos on the left of this masterpiece are pure gold . 
  what 's the cubic thing on the stick ? 
  let 's make a on , not a en , the next president of france . 
  this should be on the sidebar or some place visible . 
  it 's a gold mine for information about our continent . 
  and this fucker of pm we got is in bruxelles right now lying through his teeth about the recent events . 
  i hope the eu officials do n't fall for his lies because our current government is ready to set romania , figuratively , on fire just to save they own asses from going to jail . 
  quit nitpicking and enjoy the lesson on peaceful protests . 
  back to the drawi ... filling table then . 
  i think that 's a achievement somewhere in crusader kings/europa universalis .
