change those two factors and germany is just another nation . 
  no reason that they would `` desperately '' want in . 
  but me neither . 
  that 's because the nato in general has a rather stained reputation in germany and is seen by many as a mere tool of us interests . 
  when turkey is a member but countries like austria and sweden are n't and unlawful aggressions from members like the iraq war just happen with the alliance standing by it is n't that hard to be sceptical . 
  i am sure if you 'd ask germans if they would defend the eu the results would look different . 
  also , the poll was conducted in early 2014 when many germans , especially on the political left , had a more positive image of russia than today . 
  relevant username . 
  exactly . 
  it would have made her look like celebrating a victory in a football friendly and not like she just regained chancellorship ( on a considerate stateswoman platform ) . 
  symbolism in germany tends to be more careful but can be just as powerful . 
  seriously , i can link you a [ wikipedia article ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandkette ) with 35 references to top national newspapers on a simple necklace in the colors of the german flag merkel was wearing on one tv appearance in 2013 . 
  an even bigger success , though only in german : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnjg22gbo6u his versatility is really impressive . 
  really ? 
  til . 
  i 've been told at at least two or three restaurants they ca n't just change the charged sum and never bothered trying it again elsewhere . 
  was a good while ago , though . 
  you 're completely right for larger shops and supermarkets but i 'd add that in bars , restaurants , smaller shops , taxis etc. 
  it is still very uncommon/often impossible to pay in anything but cash . 
  also , i 've never seen these tipping forms they have in america here . 
  if you pay with credit or ec card you get into the awkward situation of either not tipping at all or looking for some extra cash to hand to the waiter . 
  usually we just round the sum to the next bill when paying in a restaurant ( got ta optimise that workflow while minimizing human interaction ) . 
  not that it necessarily will , it 's just what she says she hopes/wants to encourage . 
  for example in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de6ikihoyo0 ) she is asked what she wants to do to protect german culture from islamisation and answers `` what i dislike is not a muslim confessing to his belief but we should also have the courage to say that we are christians and the courage to enter into a dialogue and we should then also uphold our tradition of attending church service , become better versed in the bible , be able to explain the images in the church . 
  [ ... ] maybe this debate can lead to us giving more attention to our own roots . '', 
  the idea of a clear left-right spectrum is bullshit anyway . 
  merkel is a conservative and has always been . 
  thanks to her party 's dominance i do n't think we 'll see gay marriage anytime soon or not place the country in an artificial coma for every sunday and each christian holiday . 
  hell , dancing on good friday is still punishable by law . 
  in my state , thanks to her party i now have to go to a gas station if i want to buy alcohol past 10 pm . 
  her party is still completely dominating political discourse and the one green politician who snatched a state from her was elected because he 's pretty much just a more likable conservative . 
  i do n't see that big `` shift to the left '' everyone is talking about . 
  immigration is n't everything , i mean , come on , the churches ( that operate a ton of hospitals , kindergartens , schools etc and are a huge power factor here - we do n't have la\u00efcit\u00e9 like france ) are among the biggest supporters of merkel 's policy . 
  and merkel made it pretty clear in every interview that she opposes multiculturalism and hopes immigration of rather conservative muslims and eastern europeans will lead more germans towards upholding christian traditions . 
  from the research report op took his data from : `` of the ten countries which host the most refugees only one country , pakistan , had among the highest levels of terrorism . 
  turkey , lebanon and iran are all impacted by regional conflict and yet had fewer terrorismrelated fatalities than many countries which do not host large numbers of refugees . 
  germany , the country with the second largest refugee intake in europe , has not had a death from terrorism since 2007 . '', 
  from my experience you got ta differentiate : on the one hand i found them to be quite tolerant of different religions/world views , something that usually comes with good economic and social security . 
  discussing religion with them is just so much more pleasant than discussing it with radical christians since arabs usually do n't try to convert you all the time . 
  most emiratis even told me that we all believe in the same god and they would never attack a christian or a jew for his belief . 
  on the other hand , their interpretation of their own religion is still quite radical . 
  i 've had emiratis tell me they would never talk to their sister again if she married a non-muslim ( though a palestinian once told me he would kill his own sister in that case ) and women 's or gays ' rights in general really are n't a thing for them . 
  ironically enough , i 've never seen as many closet gays as in the uae . 
  well , if there is one thing we hate even more than governments spying on us it 's random people/corporations being able to look us up online . 
  with whatsapp , sophisticated hackers aside , i have full control over whom i share pictures and messages with . 
  i 'm always a bit surprised by how happily my international friends seem to share private stuff on facebook and co. 
  i do n't know anyone here who uses twitter , instagram or similar open platforms . 
  dunno if teenagers do , though . 
  the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel , however , takes into account tax revenue ( two thirds ) more than population size ( one third ) , so there are also significantly more refugees per capita in the west than in the east . 
  some large cities here have it , as you can see on the map . 
  the fun thing is : these pictures were taken between 2005 and 2009 . 
  so watching them now is a bit like time travelling . 
  interestingly , most places i checked have significantly improved since then . 
  and then all these old cars ... 
  i wonder if they will still show these pics 10 years from now . 
  we 'll be like a virtual cuba . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i occasionally stop at a mcdonald 's on the swiss autobahn and usually get greeted in an audible saxon accent . 
  economic migrants from the north carrying their ethnic tensions to switzerland . 
  time to fortify lake constance 's shores . 
  or maybe the average joe is actually much smarter and more considerate than what the loud fringes of society tend to suggest . 
  that is simply not true . 
  if we housed our homeless like the refugees ( often 10 + guys in a room ) there would be protests all over the country . 
  i 've volunteered for a homeless shelter before and they have it quite nice there plus you can get your own place if you 're capable of dealing with the bureaucracy . 
  no-one in western europe is homeless for a lack of money . 
  they are pretty much always drug addicts and/or mentally ill . 
  your perfectly reasonable solution no one could possibly disagree with omits one issue : you need a binding agreement that europe in return takes in fixed quotas of refugees and supports the countries bordering war zones financially . 
  such an agreement in the cynical post-cold-war political environment we live in is n't possible . 
  therefore , first greece and italy and then germany did what in game theory we call the burning bridges strategy : limit your own strategic options ( by first letting in a chaotic stream of refugees and migrants ) to bindingly commit to a certain path your domestic and international partners and even opponents have to work with . 
  it first did n't seem to work for greece and italy until the pressure across the borders , especially towards hungary , rose . 
  when the situation became unbearable merkel fatally overestimated her influence in europe and decided to adopt the same burning bridges strategy by letting the refugees move on to germany in a bid to sway europe 's response to the crisis . 
  those already in europe were supposed to be reallocated according to a quota system and the same quota system then applied to a contingent of refugees in a deal with the countries were most un refugee camps are located like turkey and jordan . 
  however , instead it unearthed rising criticism of merkel 's and germany 's ignorant leadership role in europe and lead to the catastrophe we 're in now where all the refugees move to germany unchecked and merkel somehow has to make a 180 degree turn once again without losing face . 
  in the end we will see tons of ugly pictures from greece and turkey and after 16 years of chancellorship merkel will be remembered as the iron chancellor who fucked over first her party , then greece , then the eu , then again greece and then the refugees , all while trying to cement and then to save her political legacy . 
  a true greek tragedy . 
   it 's even easier since they 're top-down organizations and generally only have one or two people who have final say and generally wo n't say no to a lunch chat with power . 
  i think you are underestimating the editors-in-chief of large publications . 
  they usually have huge egos and wo n't change their opinion based on what some politician thinks . 
  the editor-in-chief of bild for example completely wrecked ruling president wulff three years ago after he left an angry message on his cell mailbox . 
  and they are the most opportunist `` newspaper '' there is . 
  if you read the personal columns of the publishers of the large liberal newspapers it becomes perfectly clear that they genuinely believe what they are writing . 
  it 's not something dictated by the government . 
  if merkel would act more anti-immigration she would be crucified by large parts of the media . 
   yet they write whiney articles like this the second you make it clear you do n't believe in their shared myth of valiant journalism as a defender of the common good & educator of the masses and actually think they 're partisan pricks full of more shit than the average politician at election time . 
  you have your opinion and they have theirs , whats the problem ? 
  if you attack an entire profession you 'll always have many speak up against the allegations either because they believe they are better than the rest or that your claims are completely unjustified . 
   ( lest they be painted as the modern day re-emergence of der st\u00fcrmer and have their career options cut short ) there are a bunch of financially successful right wing publications like [ junge freiheit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/junge_freiheit ) ( i actually had a subsciption for a while out of curiosity ) or [ dwn ] ( http://deutsche-wirtschafts-nachrichten.de/ ) . 
  just do n't expect them to be any less biased . 
  you are n't supposed to have faith in media . 
  for traditional media you always have some chief editor at the top who upholds certain principles and publishes according to these principles . 
  if you do n't agree with the principles of a certain publication you 're free to unsubscribe . 
  if you want to systematically manipulate the media of a country you have to convince every one of these versed figures . 
  for that reason it is important to maintain a free press with unique personalities and biased reporting . 
  that 's the only way to avoid groupthink . 
  encourage diversity . 
  do n't weaken the press by demanding all publications to be the same and by getting offended whenever you feel like some article is biased . 
  on social media , on the other hand , any entity powerful enough can pull a few levers and sway published opinion in a heartbeat , as has been shown again and again . 
  if they know someone is going to join isis they arrest him . 
  it 's just difficult to prove beforehand since many of them have turkish roots or otherwise legitimate reasons to travel to turkey or north africa . 
  on the hand hand , i do n't think there are many people with legitimate reasons to cross the turkish-syrian border towards isis territory .
