   according to stephan breitenmoser , an expert on european law at the university of basel , switzerland 's status would hardly be enough for the british . 
  additionally , he says , it is very difficult to make bilateral agreements with the eu . 
  `` the more specific the field , the more complicated it becomes , '' says breitenmoser . 
  the idea that britain would attain switzerland 's status in the span of just two years -- the shortest length of time it would take for brexit to become a reality -- is hard to imagine . 
   that is particularly true since the eu would have little reason to make similar concessions to the brits as they do to the smaller nation of switzerland . 
  an example : switzerland 's agreements with the eu on the freedom of movement of workers are static . 
  prior to july 1 , 1995 , the swiss adopted all eu regulations pertaining to freedom of movement . 
  but the swiss are not required to automatically adopt all eu regulations on freedom of movent that have been passed since . 
  rather , they were able to negotiate with brussels which regulations they would accept . 
  the future of that special status is currently in question because switzerland is seeking to introduce an annual ceiling for the number of immigrants it is willing to accept . 
   `` the static agreements hardly make sense for the eu anymore because of the rapid development of the laws , '' says european legal expert breitenmoser . 
  he believes it is unthinkable that brussels would make such a deal with britain . 
  well , orban certainly has kind of crushed the left in his country but i fail to see how that is so advantageous to the average hungarian . 
  anyway , your username reflects your world view pretty well . 
  and putin propagates the opposite . 
  but what is the president of russia compared to a member of the international jewish conspiracy , right ? 
  yeah , i do n't get why orban fans always bring him up . 
  millions of people oppose orban 's brand of politics but of course , some hungarian-american billionaire has bought them all just to fuel his personal crusade against fidesz . 
   soros ok , you 're one of these . 
  i 'm pretty sure that `` european union establishment '' has a few things more to worry about right now than what street lights are being installed in budapest . 
  i have n't read anything about russia in the article . 
  and why should self-promotion with tax money ( or what you call nationalism ) be alright while critical bloggers immediately want to `` oust '' someone ? 
  yeah , this prime minister of 10 years certainly is a threat to the establishment . 
  finally someone standing up to young hungarian bloggers !, 
  well , the pension system is a mess and completely unsustainable , especially with the recent changes . 
  the `` rentenpaket '' of the grand coalition alone may cost us more than the entire refugee crisis . 
  `` cold progression '' still increases the real income tax rate , especially for the lower middle class , every year . 
  and at the same time we make sure to push service providers that ca n't pay the arbitrary minimum wage out of business so that e.g. 
  a refugee whose productivity lies under 8,50 $ is forced to live off welfare . 
  mind you , we 're still doing pretty good and i 'm basically just listing standard fdp talking points . 
  but a lot of issues if not tackled might bite us in the ass one day , yet we 're afraid of reforms because everyone is telling us the euro basically solved all our problems . 
  that 's highly dangerous . 
  the euro makes it harder to push for reforms both in germany and southern europe but it should n't be a scapegoat since monetary policies ca n't solve problems that fiscal policies ca n't . 
  monetary policy is great for politicians that want to hide unpopular measures behind a cloud of foreign influence and evil bankers . 
  when the rest of europe was enjoying rising wages each year we had wage stagnation and social benefits cuts ( schr\u00f6der 's agenda 2010 ) . 
  when spain and greece were building homes like crazy , highways and airports that no one uses , we continued living in the same grey post-war apartment buildings . 
  a spanish friend told me that the porsche cayenne was the most driven car in his town for a couple of years pre-crisis . 
  it 's not like our economic stability just came our of thin air or because we somehow had that brilliant idea of creating a currency ( that germans never even wanted as much as the french and italians ) that robs southern europe and transfers the money to us . 
  we did our part and we will probably lose part of that prosperity because our current government does n't have the courage to do reforms . 
  but blaming the current imbalances on germans alone is not fair . 
   look at the record savings . 
  that 's because of deficits in the periphery , but they 're not being re-invested back by way of productive assets - are they ? 
  well , money never just lies around . 
  unfortunately to us germans most of the money is reinvested abroad , something especially eastern europe profits from . 
  if southern europe did n't have these ridiculously high wages and taxes compared to their current competitiveness they could again swim in investors ' money like they did pre-crisis ( which none of these euro-critics ever addresses ) . 
  if there is one thing you need to take away from this thread then that this is not about some holy war of ideologies but that capitalism is simply the system our economy operates in and social policies ( nothing to do with socialism ) are used by governments to maintain some sort of equality , common education , common healthcare and all these things the capitalist economy alone ca n't guarantee . 
   they have approximately half the european market share they had prior to the ez . 
  turns out when you sell bmws and fiat 's in euros , the fiat is n't so attractive . 
  not to mention that italy 's gdp has actually shrunk in the ez , it would have been better of never joining . 
  to lower the price of a car you want to sell you need to lower the cost of production . 
  since resource imports become cheaper when you have a strong currency you now simply have to lower wages . 
  if your government does n't have the balls to do so do n't blame it on the currency . 
  because creating inflation as a mean of reducing costs is practically just stealing from the people while hoping they do n't notice . 
  dude , you 're just throwing around wrong definitions of what socialism is based on what american right-wingers spout . 
  what we have in europe is called [ social democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) and it is an ideology that operates `` within the framework of a capitalist economy '' . 
  yes , capitalism , 100 % . 
  socialism is something completely different and the only party advocating socialism in germany never was part of a national government . 
  also got 79 % . 
  apparently german school syllabuses all omit the same information . 
  so if we assume the 1600 are also valid for said house the landlord demands to break even after less than 8 years ? 
  do these houses get destroyed by a tornado every 10 years or what ? 
  for some reason rents in the us seem to be ridiculously high compared to the purchasing prices of homes . 
  but sentiments as horrendously over-simplifying as `` anti immigration '' can never be moderate . 
  you would n't call yourself `` anti taxation '' as a critic of the tax system or `` anti finance '' as someone disliking current financial market regulation either . 
  there will always be migration and taking a sweepingly negative stance towards such a large ( and important ) part of society renders you nothing more than an enemy to social peace . 
  if you 're , for example , against the right to asylum , then spell it out like that . 
  we 'll see how many people would still support such a party . 
  just vaguely riding on diffuse moods ( like the far left did during the financial crisis and the far right is doing now ) is always easy in times of crisis but not a recipe for long term success . 
  that 's interesting . 
  kaufland and lidl are one company but over here kaufland is usually a slightly more upscale hypermarket while lidl is a very basic discount supermarket . 
  that makes it even easier in the beginning . 
  if we can use excess industrial byproduct as the article states it still means the fuel is emission neutral no matter the production method as long as no extra hydrogen has to be produced . 
  that 's about the situation in the us . 
  with the energiewende in germany we have tons of periods where we produce too much electricity from renewable sources ( esp . 
  wind , solar ) so that we 're literally paying factories and neighboring countries to pull electricity from our grid and do whatever with it . 
  since we do n't have much natural potential for hydro storage the production of hydrogen via electrolysis is a great way of flattening the sun & wind peaks and essentially storing energy for later use . 
  look at his flag , he 's from siebenb\u00fcrgen and is obviously talking about the saxon inventor nikolaus tessler . 
  why would fellow europeans serve in a foreign legion , genosse ? 
   the wave of right-wing nationalism and euroscepticism amongst the general population you mean the 9 % of afd voters ? 
  because that 's the only halfway relevant eurosceptic movement in germany . 
  they get far more attention than they deserve , as this thread shows once again . 
  that 's why you have people spending a rainy afternoon on a pro-eu demonstration instead of going for bowling . 
  to produce some headlines that more realistically show the attitude of the part of the population that does n't spend hours each day spamming facebook feeds and newspaper comment sections with their political views . 
  how are they governed ? 
  do they each have an elected mayor with a city council , manage their own finances etc ? 
  that would be a gro\u00dfstadt ( great city ) . 
  a stadt ( town/city ) is any place that owns the right to call itself that and usually has an independent administration while all other places are subordinate to one . 
  in the 20th century many towns were merged to consolidate and make administration more efficient . 
  therefore we 're left with only 2060 towns nowadays , although most of them consist of multiple settlements that might each be called a town in other countries . 
   very few people have the appetite for ode to joe and eu flags when all they see around them is the deterioration of their own societies and culture due to the eu 's disastrous immigration policies and continued inaction . 
  and maybe many people in the country most affected by recent `` mass immigration '' do n't see their societies deteriorating and that 's why they are fed up with the pessimistic and nihilistic narrative a loud minority has been pushing down everyone 's throat these past months . 
  at least that 's what this movement is trying to show . 
   custom of always keeping their hands visible during meals true . 
   one of their arm rest positions is to have the elbows locked against the rim of the table this is considered bad manners pretty much everywhere afaik . 
  regarding your first point : i feel like this is just our way of tipping . 
  in general , non-alcoholic drinks tend to be a lot more expensive in europe than anywhere else in the world . 
  restaurants can easily sell drinks for 10x the cost while for cooked dishes the profit margins are much smaller . 
  ergo : when you like the food and the service in a restaurant you 're encouraged to order more drinks to increase the bill . 
  that being said , you can usually ask for a 1l bottle of water . 
  however , it 's more common to do this when you order wine or something else on top for aforementioned reason .
