  but they do n't tell german authorities they are going to do that . 
  turkish authorities are the only entity that can control that border . 
  btw i 'm not accusing turkey of not controlling that border or something , i 'm just saying you 're comparing apples to oranges in your post . 
   the fact that they want to come to the uk does n't suddenly make it a uk issue , if they get to the uk it is , but right now they are in calais . 
  how neat . 
  we should use that argument ourselves . 
  wait ... 
  you could think that maybe turkey would have a slightly closer look on people crossing its outer nato border with fucking isis than germany on turkey vacationers . 
  that 's why we need the full weight of a strong eu and a critical yet constructive partnership with the us . 
  tax havens only exist because we ( the g8 ) allow them to . 
  but apparently you lads put a higher priority on denying welfare to a bunch of poles over creating a sustainable financial architecture for europe and the world . 
  or maybe you just want to become the biggest of all tax havens yourselves . 
  the brexit advocates explicitely cite common financial regulation as a primary argument for the uk to leave . 
  how do you expect the continentals to go easy on you with such a toxic attitude ? 
  i-is that you , klaus ? 
  it 's not an `` extremely arbitrary condition '' , though . 
  working for a certain company or industry is a deliberate action that qualifies others to their choice of not doing business with you . 
  i would n't enter certain pubs in kreuzberg in a suit , either . 
  the guy in the article just plays his game with the media . 
  then you read strange newspapers . 
  of course there are mistakes and simplifications in quick and dirty newsticker articles but i thought there was quite a consensus that north africans are in most cases not what qualifies as refugees . 
  algeria and morocco were just officially declared safe countries of origin . 
  i do n't see an argument for that whole l\u00fcgenpresse shitshow . 
  and i 'm not gon na answer to the muh dublin all over again . 
  so whenever it fits your agenda every illegal migrant magically turns into a refugee . 
  can we maybe just return to calling illegals illegals and to calling a syrian whose house was bombed to dust a refugee ? 
  you know , the way the moderate western press and pretty much everyone who is n't a passive-aggressive reddit shitposter has been doing it for the past months and years . 
  really hate how we ca n't even go to work anymore without someone blowing shit up on the way . 
  for letting all these terror attacks happen everywhere ( except for germany ) and for illegally rustling reddit 's jimmies . 
  italy , please , please get involved . 
  we would n't have these problems if more countries of the eu actually worked on serious reforms and put their weight behind them . 
  italy should be a major positive power in europe , same goes for france , spain , poland and of course the uk . 
  instead , it increasingly looks like everyone just points fingers at germany and a bunch of bureaucrats in brussels and occasionally you hear top politicians calling the eu a failure or threatening to leave the union altogether . 
  goddammit , it 's your union as well !, 
  britain already gambled away a lot of trust with their constant bitching . 
  italy , on the other hand , has most people 's sympathy . 
  do n't grumble but make yourself and your ideas heard . 
  do n't worry , it 's changing rapidly . 
  until around two years ago german internet was full of putin trolls and legitimate putin fanboys . 
  keep in mind that the political left here has always been very pro-russian and the russian propaganda machine was actively trying to exploit that and present putin and russia as a natural ally of germany at every occasion . 
  now , say what you want about merkel , but she really has taken a strong stance against putin compared to all previous governments and eventually last year the russian propaganda machine turned around and started full-blown attacks on germany . 
  part of the reasoning behind this is the growing criticism of russian politics in germany but another part definitely is the domestic problems russia faces and that create the need for a popular foreign enemy besides increasingly tame america . 
  while the extreme right has found a new mouthpiece in russian media i feel like they have pretty much lost any support and credibility among regular germans . 
  / r/dankemerkel i do n't think you understood the thanks obama meme , though . 
  not at all given the current climate but `` speaking out '' against a large , heterogenous group of predominantly decent people kinda makes you look like a dick . 
  there are ways of dealing with problems that involve neither victim blaming nor cheap scapegoating . 
  portraiting a silly remark of a nervous small-town mayor as the majority view of a society also moves the goalposts pretty far and does n't serve the debate at all . 
  how do you even expect any actual germans to state their views and experiences in a thread loaded like this ? 
  wonder why this is n't on the top of / r/worldnews yet . 
   how are you going to control such a huge multicultural country with different seperatist tendencies when your economy is going down the drain by creating outside enemies and attacking domestic dissidents for lack of patriotism . 
  it 's a pretty straightforward strategy . 
  now that russia is hit by an economic crisis and does n't really stand for anything the narrative has to be the downfall of western europe , that we are doing just as bad as russia if not worse ( who can really care about jobs or economic growth when muslim invaders are raping you twice a day , right ? ) . 
  it 's also a self-fulfilling prophecy : the more they seed discord the less likely it becomes that quick solutions to our issues are found and agreed on . 
  then , in a couple of years , once russia grows again ( which it will , given its current third world economy ) , putin can present himself as the alternative to the shameful western system and everyone will have forgotten that russia was doing even worse than us all these years we focused on our own problems . 
  life really could be so much easier with a centrally controlled media apparatus . 
  it 's ironic how russia is trying to paint just that image of our independent media . 
  we were the most popular country in the world before this all started . 
  i doubt even merkel could be that naive . 
  believe it or not , this was never about foreign politics or international perception and that might be her greatest mistake . 
  she saw herself as invincible in europe after greece and did n't even spend a thought on what other democracies might think of this . 
  hopefully , the world will look back with admiration on the hundreds of thousands of german volunteers and active supporters who made this historic effort possible without crushing our country . 
  all merkel did was doing what she 's best at - waiting for journalists to romanticize changes driven by other people 's convictions and actions as results of her leadership . 
  now she 's an old woman that has realized people will see through her strategy when reviewing her years in power and wants to show to the germans and the world a new-discovered stubbornness and resistance to change as a false symbol of creed . 
  thanks for the figures !, 
  does n't seem too off , though . 
  only bild has a ridiculously high circulation here , no other daily newspaper is larger than your top one according to wikipedia figures . 
  for british newspaper it 's a completely different case , of course , since they can be read all over the world . 
  especially in india they are pretty popular afaik . 
   newspapers are n't read as much as in other countries can you elaborate on that or provide a source ? 
  i 'm curious as to why that would be the case in france of all places . 
  as a liberal , i love nzz . 
  they are n't afraid of talking about sensitive topics or criticising popular politicians but their opinion pieces are always well-grounded , whether i agree with them or not . 
  reading them plus the german left newspaper taz usually presents you with all the relevant arguments of an ongoing hot debate . 
  i wish we had a respectable right-wing newspaper in germany that does n't suck . 
  these camps are n't even that bad , just without anything to do for young people . 
  the problem is the fantastic stories the smugglers come up with . 
  and those already in europe are n't going to text their bros `` fuck mate i made a wrong decision , do n't come here '' , instead they send pictures of porsches and euro bills but not of the cheap booze they spend it on to not die of depression and boredom . 
  and voil\u00e0 . 
  i do n't understand the second part of your post , though . 
  it 's not about moral obligations due to causing a crisis but just natural human tendency to try to help others in need . 
  and objectively the best way of tackling this crisis is giving the well-behaving syrians a chance to learn in europe and elsewhere and then help them rebuild their country . 
  if sweden and germany are the only ones offering help that wo n't work , though . 
  we ca n't properly integrate and educate millions each year . 
  it 's a complex situation . 
  according to the article the gunfight erupted between `` rival banks of smugglers '' . 
  in other words : organized crime , mafia . 
  that also explains from where they got their guns . 
  are the legitimate refugees fleeing from these people ? 
  no , they even need their services to reach europe . 
  does n't change the fact that these people are criminal scum with a complete disregard for human live . 
  however , there seems to be no real alternative to this toxic alliance from the viewpoint of a refugee wanting to apply for asylum in europe . 
  now , who 's at fault for this mess ? 
  the brits accuse the french of not doing enough against organized people smugglers and the general conditions at calais and they are n't wrong . 
  however , it seems to be a common theme in most european countries these days that it 's always someone else 's responsibility . 
  they want to go to britain ? 
  well , not our problem anymore then . 
  the chain , however , stretches back to greece and turkey and noone is willing to do anything substantial about it . 
  end the people smuggling ? 
  but give the legitimate refugees a legal way of applying for asylum in europe ? 
  lol , not my problem .
