   given germany 's attitude towards the entire refugee crisis [ ... ] you have a very skewed view on the public discourse here . 
  german politians ( at least the centrist ones like merkel ) are n't a bunch of weird hippies but are well aware of the problems we face . 
  the claim that every german ` has lost his mind ' , like you read on reddit all the time , is a perfect starting point for extremists , because it allows indiscriminately attacking pretty much our whole society and , coupled with mental issues , violent actions are a very likely result . 
  i hopefully do n't have to remind you that the most successful terrorist group in recent german history was a neonazi cell , not islamists . 
  why are you constantly equating outrage/being angry about what happened with right wing propaganda ? 
  every politician , every newspaper , every citizen is outraged . 
  that 's not at all what the minister addressed . 
  this is a circular argument . 
  so it 's an arab guy 's fault if he gets stabbed or beaten up because someone of his ethnicity commited a crime ? 
  one bad does n't make another bad right and the interior minister is right in his assessment that ` what happens on the right-wing platforms and in chat rooms ' is just as detrimental to social cohesion . 
   internet brigades are usually used to refer to groups who are trying to find and punish perpetrators , by the way . 
  in this case , that is n't happening . 
  it is happening already . 
  yesterday or the day before a guy at the central station was searched and found with a hatchet saying he wants to take care of the situation . 
  hatred will never stay confined to the internet , but here 's where it is very likely to start and erupt nowadays . 
   also , you should perhaps consider the fact that in this case , `` the usual crap '' is n't actually crap at all , it 's something which factually happened i doubt that 's what she meant by ` usual crap ' . 
  what happened is all out in the open , you can listen to multiple girls talk about what happened on camera . 
  that does n't change the validity of garbage interpretations . 
  most of the girls explicitly mentioned they do n't want to be instrumentalized . 
  it 's a case for law enforcement , not ranting internet brigades . 
  pretty normal but there 's a lot of talking . 
  i 'm all d'accord with the outrage but seriously , who is ignoring anything here ? 
  the first 3-4 articles on pretty much every news website is about the incident , there 's live coverage , more than half the twitter trending topics ( among them #einearml\u00e4nge , mocking the mayor 's statement ) are about it . 
  people here in cologne talk about nothing else , i get whatsapp messages from girls i barely know asking me about the situation on the ground . 
  there has n't been a topic as openly and emotionally discussed throughout the country since charlie hebdo . 
  german city centers look like a war zone on nye . 
  as other germans pointed out we are n't really familiar with violence though and i guess most cops shrugged it off initially as some other drunk getting touchy . 
  at around 1 am apparently they realized something was up and moved additional forces to the station but the crowd was just too huge and chaotic to really spot anything . 
  only the next day when all the reports came in the realized what was really going on . 
  and no , we do n't have much cctv out in the open . 
  to clarify , no one claims that joseph and mary came to bethlehem as refugees , but they literally got asylum in egypt after herod decided to kill all newborn boys . 
  they would most likely find themselves on the balkan route if it happened nowadays , since egypt is n't really a safe haven for jewish refugees nor a humanitarian superpower nowadays . 
  what is included in these taxes ? 
  do the 10,000 $ they deduct pay for your retirement , healthcare and other insurances ? 
  if yes , there has to be significant cross funding . 
  just out of curiosity , are we talking about small to medium sized companies or also the large corporations ( sap , bosch , siemens etc ) ? 
  the former are indeed often a bit detached from the international competitive environment . 
  part of the reason is that the german economy is n't very centralized and many ( even it ) companies are in smaller cities and villages with lower cost of living , pushing down the average . 
  many germans are willing to live with a smaller income if it means they do n't have to move to a region where people do n't even understand their dialect . 
  also , though you probably considered that , a significant part of the compensation package at larger companies usually comes in the form of a company car , pension savings , free child care etc to circumvent direct taxation . 
  maybe tone it down a notch ? 
  spending a tiny fraction of your income on the refugees ' ( domestic ! ), 
  consumption , still leaving you with a higher real income than in the previous years , is hardly `` shooting yourself in the foot '' . 
  r/europe truly is a fascinating place . 
  rough translation : `` the pictures that went around the world were n't of me visiting the heidenau refugee camp - there was n't even a photographer present - but of the thousands of citizens of munich and elsewhere that welcomed the refugees the morning after this decision ( to allow them to move on from budapest ) at the train stations and just naturally wanted to help ; and the world said : this is a nice gesture that came from the people 's hearts . 
  and , frankly , if we now have to apologize for showing a friendly face in an emergency situation - then this is not my country . '', 
  it 's basically just her having a strong opinion about the kind of society she wants to live in . 
  little correction : [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoqutp1xyiw ) is the recent one . 
  chancellor merkel : terrible speaker , has a very limited vocabulary when she 's unprepared . 
  her technocratic , unpassionate style often works to her advantage , though . 
  germans do n't like dazzlers and [ the ] ( http://media0.faz.net/ppmedia/aktuell/1856874407/1.3707684/default/angela-merkel-streichelt-fluechtlingskind-reem.jpg ) [ few ] ( http://image.gala.de/v1/cms/af/merkel-jubelt-01_7414707-original-original.jpg?v=9679295 ) [ times ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9bsd7anl6s ) merkel shows genuine emotions it makes waves across the country . 
  president gauck : pretty good speaker , not too witty but nice to listen to on a sunday evening . 
  some people do n't like his pastoral style ; well , he 's a pastor by profession . 
  dutch sounds so damn cute . 
  when i was a child i actually assumed the james bond movies my dad was so obsessed with were about the adventures of a butler , since , as every child knows , a butler is automatically named james and wears a black bow tie . 
  i was not a very bright child ... 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  if a german does n't pass middle school he 's most likely extremely lazy and/or not very intelligent . 
  the refugees are above-average motivated and probably of average intelligence but lack education . 
  even without prior formal education they 'll most likely be a better investment for private companies than having to rely on the `` bottom '' 3-5 % of society that still has n't found a job in our current boom economy . 
  guess who 's supporting erdogan now . 
  does [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-dg81a4bpk ) look like a conflict to you ? 
  every third divison football match is more violent than that . 
  i do n't know , and frankly , i do n't care that much about turkey 's or other countries ' internal conflicts but i am proud that their political opposition and oppressed minorities find refuge here and dare to peacefully raise their voice against despotism . 
  that 's a side effect of too much centralization and being a paradise for foreign billionaires but i do n't see how gentrification is inevitably connected to cultural diversity . 
   they 're examples of homogeneous countries no , they are historic examples . 
  it makes absolutely no fucking sense to compare undeveloped pre-industrial economies quickly catching up on a new technological standard to sustained growth of information based economies . 
   all i see is a lack of social trust , people who literally can not understand each other and the aching feeling that england is disappearing in a sea of grey mud . 
  you should go and get some fresh air . 
  what you 're describing is the lutheran version , though . 
  saint nicholas came with his minion ruprecht and whipped children that were n't well-behaved with a birch . 
  it 's luther gone mad . 
  traditionally , german children received their presents on december 6th from saint nicholas ( they still get sweeties and/or smaller gifts that day at least in the south ) . 
  but for the founding fathers of protestantism idolizing saints like saint nicholas was of evil papism . 
  the story is that when luther 's children were sad when they did n't get their presents on december , 6th luther came up with `` christmas man '' handing out gifts on the evening of december , 24th . 
  i honestly do n't understand why it is different elsewhere . 
  it just seems natural to me that more educated people are less willing to waste their time posting pictures of their meal to instagram or reading what kim kardashian thinks about donald trump in 140 characters . 
  while probably 90 % of my peers ( uni students ) have a ( mostly inactive ) facebook account i literally do n't know one guy irl with a twitter or instagram or whatever american kids use these days . 
  whatsapp is super popular though but i guess that does n't count as social media . 
  edit : i admit that my comment is a bit prejudiced and was written in a hurry . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xrw4n/oecd_report_educated_germans_more_likely_to_avoid/cy7nm2d ) is a more objective explanation . 
  russia is n't the enemy here . 
  putin is . 
  there will be a time after putin and for that we need the russian people and not a new cold war that will take decades to resolve . 
  authoritarian leaders like putin thrive in situations where it 's them against the rest of the world , everyone should have learned this by now . 
  permanent sanctions against the russian people to punish putin do absolutely no good for european interests . 
  the long term stability of ukraine is n't preserved by declaring it the front line in a new cold war and giving it the opportunity of blackmailing the rest of europe with their control of the only gas pipeline ( not saying they have done this so far , but they well could and no one knows how the situation will evolve ) . 
  giving part of the control back to the rest of europe certainly can help in achieving a diplomatic solution to the broader conflict , as it 's now less about resources and more about a permanent peace infrastructure for all of europe . 
   infrastructure that is not crucial for germany like it or not , the energy security of central and western europe over the next decades is more important to german politicians than a piece of land in far eastern europe . 
  how is that still a surprise to anyone ? 
  welcome to realpolitik . 
  now let 's work on a solution to the ukraine conflict instead of still running around like a decapitated chicken and blaming each other for being `` too soft '' on russia . 
  because that 's exactly what putin wants . 
  while i only flew from frankfurt two times i used to live right next to the airport for around a year . 
  i really love how huge and empty it seems compared to all the more crowded airports i 've been to so far . 
  went there for a long night stroll whenever i was fed up with life - always came back full of inspiration and * fernweh * . 
  can you elaborate on what they mean by soros-type society ? 
  i think i 've read that word more than once on this sub related to orban conspiracy theories . 
  you 're missing the part where individual countries still have to comply with a distribution scheme and as you can see this is where solidarity ends for most . 
  if in the end sweden and germany are still the only countries offering help absolutely nothing changes .
