  in the end we have this clusterfuck of organized crime , an unholy network of islamist syrian militiamen , low-level serbian mobsters , french-moroccon crooks etc spanning across a fracturing europe . 
  the number of parties is n't the issue , it 's about polarization . 
  when you have people like donald trump that basically deny the very foundation of our modern society and get admired for telling every group but his own fans to go fuck themselves and then you demand that media portraits them in an unbiased way you inevitably promote social compartmentalization . 
  this might work in the us where californian lgbt activists , die-hard bible belt fanatics and baltimore blm protesters can live with hardly ever meeting each other but in europe this can make a society explode like a powder keg . 
  it sucks but a quasi-religious upholding of free speech does n't work here and many people are afraid of what might come when you move in the direction of increased polarization . 
  of course completely ignoring dissenting groups can be harmful even to your own cause and will fuel a vicious circle of alienation but it 's a social reflex you ca n't just rationalize away . 
  i always hated that carlin quote `` never argue with an idiot . 
  they will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience '' but i feel like that 's exactly what so many here are afraid of . 
  you see that happening in the us right now . 
  the german society , however , is based too much on consensus and respect over pluralism and conflict and it is n't far-fetched to fear serious harm to everything we 've built over the past 70 years if politics is again made by tabloid headlines , anti-intellectual pamphlets and street scuffles . 
  while i 'm actually a big fan of libertarian ideas i do n't see european societies ready to cope with a truly pluralist poltical culture anytime soon . 
  maybe our countries are also just too small to endure fragmented societies . 
  exactly . 
  spd and greens might just have made julia kl\u00f6ckner new pm of rlp and a very likely long-term merkel replacement . 
  there 's still no easy solution , unfortunately . 
  pretty much everyone by now also agrees that the influx has to be reduced . 
  so hiring thousands of case officers that have the training to handle asylum requests is n't really feasible when you have to lay off half of them in 2 or 3 years . 
  well , the demand for pentecostal pastors here is neglectable . 
  besides that , in what areas exactly do workers have worse conditions than in comparible european countries ? 
  i know many immigrants from southern europe and they all say that if you 're looking for work and do n't have limiting family connections moving to central/northern europe is a no-brainer . 
  so what more should our governments do to replace culturally incompatible muslim migrants ( not my words ) with unemployed europeans ? 
  serious question . 
  man , you 're reminding me of all the hateful gazes i got when driving through poland in the early 2000s . 
  it was so nice having poland as a friend these past few years :(, 
  not really , at least not on the basis of skin colour , religion or even a residence status . 
  it 's just one mayor forbidding the guys living for free in * his town 's * asylum shelter to use * his town 's * public swimming pool . 
  it 's not a general ban for asylum seekers . 
  at the same time , according to the article , he , like many other mayors , `` has begun a campaign in local asylum seekers ' shelters to teach the occupants about gender equality and respect for women '' . 
  so it seems to be a temporary , rather educational measure . 
  i 'm strictly against a blanket ban on certain demographics but if there is a problem with one specific shelter or home any host has the choice of forbidding entry to these people . 
  hey , i 'm not disputing the claim that / r/de is pretty left-wing . 
  it 's audacious to connect this kind of leftism with what is described in the article , though , especially since it was monstly radical islamists distributing that fake video . 
  why do n't you have a look at the [ actual thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/40nabr/nach_silvester%c3%bcbergriffen_in_k%c3%b6ln_onlinehetze/ ) on / r/de which is more informative than the nonsense ranting on here instead of making everything about your personal crusade against leftism ? 
  how about you listen to the guy living in prague then ? 
  the czech republic is n't known anywhere for having a particular culture of gun ownership . 
  i 've only ever seen that written on reddit citing their gun * laws * . 
  guns in connection with hunting and shooting clubs are a hobby with a long tradition in europe and that has n't much to do with any of that `` liberal gun laws '' bullshit americans on here keep spouting . 
  you can look up the numbers . 
  france , germany , sweden and many other countries have more guns per capita than the czech republic . 
  even switzerland mainly has a lot of guns because of how their conscription system works and not because they are all a bunch of gun adoring rednecks spending all day on the shooting range . 
  if you really love shooting guns you can do that almost anywhere in europe , you just ca n't buy a bunch of automatic rifles at walmart to stand yah ground . 
  fun fact : [ deutsche welle in arabic ] ( https://twitter.com/dw_arabic ) has almost 10 times as many twitter followers as [ deutsche welle in english ] ( https://twitter.com/dwnews?lang=en ) and around 18 times as many as the [ german version ] ( https://twitter.com/dw_deutsch ) . 
  i hope you are aware that this hashtag refers to the demand to prosecute all crimes , whether done by migrants or natives , equally ( without exception ) and not to all men ( without exception ) being rapists . 
  they wrote an open letter in which they explicitly condemn victim blaming and abuse cover up . 
  the tragic deaths aside , this is going to be a catastrophe for turkey . 
  first the russian tourists staying away , now the largest tourist stream , germans , will decrease significantly . 
  combined with the mess in north africa this might prove to be a real economic stimulus package for greece . 
  [ the full interview in english . 
  ] ( http://www.bild.de/politik/ausland/wladimir-putin/russian-president-vladimir-putin-the-interview-44092656.bild.html ) it 's quite interesting . 
  can only be viewed with disabled ad blocker . 
  indeed . 
  our eurosceptic right wingers afd are in an ep alliance with the tories since ukip already seemed too extreme to them . 
  a party like fn having a say in any western european nation is completely unimaginable . 
  seriously . 
  anyone who has lived through the 80s and 90s in frankfurt knows what living in a crime hot spot is like . 
  drug addicts roaming the streets in broad day light attacking tourists , subway trains being not safe for women to use at night , mafia shootings all around the bahnhofsviertel . 
  it has only been improving since then , maybe with a little bump five years ago when that whole gypsie begging gangs shit started . 
  the media alarmism these days is fascinating . 
  and i say that as someone very critical of the catastrophic handling of the cologne incident . 
  they did n't let some ranting lunatics and violent right wing hooligans join their demonstration . 
  they are the ranting lunatics and violent right wing hooligans . 
  it 's a terrible situation for everyone with some common sense since tonight every sane citizen either stayed at home or joined the anti-pegida protests instead of protesting against what happened on nye . 
  someone firing guns on nye is the absolute worst thing that could possibly happen . 
  the whole city sounds like a civil war zone with all the firecrackers and therefore 1 ) warning shots would n't work and 2 ) actual shots into a crowd could cause a mass panic throughout the whole city . 
  well , as you can see at the end of the article it was written by a large number of authors , so , while it is not one guy 's opinion , it may have a slight bias that only becomes visible once you move outside of the broader consensus 95 % of the people would get behind . 
   interesting to note the police presence maximum is 124 and there were 80 on duty . 
  would 50 % more have been enough ? 
  keep in mind that the initial numbers were increased mainly due to terrorism threats . 
  so most likely many of the 80 officers were n't out in riot gear hunting thugs but tried to keep things safe behind the scenes . 
  50 % more officers in total therefore could have made a big difference even if it would n't have prevented every single incident . 
  hey , you edited my quote !, 
  i explicitely wrote `` seen as '' . 
  the border is blurred , of course . 
  how many people have to believe something before journalists writing the opposite could be called biased ? 
  should journalists writing about climate change begin every sentence with `` as the majority of the scientific community believes ... '' ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  if the bias is that it 's written by germans then yes , it is biased . 
  on the national level it is as neutral as it gets , though . 
  do you want journalists to seriously ponder over reichsb\u00fcrger and transatlantiker conspiracy theories ? 
  they went a bit harsh on the afd ( it really should n't be named in one sentence with pegida and npd ) but to be fair they only ridiculed the fanatic ones that already ridiculed themselves like h\u00f6cke ( who was to be excluded from his own party before the right wing ousted the founder and took over ) . 
  for example , calling donald trump a lunatic is n't seen as biased in any way here . 
  the kind of defense you always read in us media like ` he 's just playing tough guy and will become more moderate once elected ' does n't make sense . 
  someone who says obviously stupid things all day might have to be taken seriously in power games but his non-arguments should never be part of any serious discussion . 
   can we please , please , please then agree that there stay must be temporary , that they can not start families and permanent lives here , and that they will have to go eventually ? 
  that 's the legal situation . 
  however , i think that after all we 've done on a humanitarian level it 's only fair that , after the respective conflicts are over , we allow the most qualified/hard working refugees to stay here if they want to . 
  on the other hand , those that have n't proven themselves must go immediately as soon as their home country is safe . 
   being a refugee should not give you any more access to citizenship that any other person . 
  refugees should have to go through the exact same steps to actual permanent residence as any other aspirants . 
  afaik only sweden has some special rules for refugees . 
  in germany , you have to sustain yourself and your dependants for a certain period of time just like everyone else before you can be considered for naturalization . 
  more like the washington post has got its priorities straight . 
  these are neither new laws nor have the recent improvements in online enforcement anything to do with what happened in cologne . 
  but yeah , why bother when you can bait some of them sweet enraged facebook mom clicks . 
  exactly . 
  personally , i 've never been attracted to paradises like sweden or norway but i 've lived in countries such as china or india . 
  some people are looking for adventures more than for a place to grow old at . 
  that might and most likely will change with age , of course . 
   how do you know that 's what is meant ? 
  because he explicitly talks about right wing platforms ?
