  ca n't find anything like that under that link . 
  if it was in a deutschlandtrend at the height of the crisis at the end of last year it seems plausible . 
  shit was chaotic for a while . 
  but that was n't just merkel 's fault . 
  well yes , she could have left the refugees sitting in hungary but there the situation would have ended up even more chaotic . 
  in the end thanks to many volunteers and police overtime things worked out . 
  obviously it was too much for a while but sometimes you have to react to imminent humanitarian disasters quickly . 
  but the questions are stated . 
  the one you just linked ( `` unhappy with eu 's handling of refugees '' ) can mean anything . 
  the eu did n't do much at all so this is obviously mostly a critique of the eu 's lack of action , be it in closing all borders or in distributing refugees fairly or whatever concrete thing someone disapproves of . 
  * `` der ger\u00e4t now mandatory for all d\u00f6ner restaurants '' *, 
  this is the same poll the second statistic i posted is taken from . 
  so what is your problem ? 
  yes , people think that terror attacks and evidently also sexual harassment are more likely with open borders and third world migration , no shit , but they still think it 's worth it not giving up our values for a slight increase in subjective security . 
  [ literally a dictator . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,19386896_403,00.png ) also , most people still think that [ refugees will overall make our country stronger ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/07/ga_2016.07.11_national_identity-02-07.png ) . 
  most germans are n't that obsessed with crime anecdotes . 
  we 're a country of 80 million people . 
  murders happen . 
  but the spd is mostly marginalized because of merkel . 
  yes , they moved more to the center with agenda 2010 but that is n't necessarily a bad move , it only is , because merkel is stronger at capturing the centrist votes . 
  i do n't see anyone in the cdu either that has merkel 's popularity and influence so the moment she will retire we might see a major reshuffle . 
  someone like olaf scholz or martin schulz could fare very well against ursula von der leyen or peter altmaier or whoever will succeed merkel ( sch\u00e4uble is probably too old for that ) . 
  neither a cdu-fdp ( if the afd continues quarreling and lindner does a strong campaign ) nor a spd-green ( - left ) coalition seems totally unlikely to me . 
  might have missed some things but most of the time it looked rather balanced . 
  reading daily mail often feels like reading breitbart . 
  we are spoilt . 
  yes , compared to papers doing actual good journalism like zeit , s\u00fcddeutsche , spiegel etc bild is utter shit . 
  but most of the world has turned to news as infotainment and in that segment bild is the best . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with your general assessment but comparing them to the sun is just a bit unfair when news orgs like cnn that most people would consider serious do the same style of reporting . 
  people love shitting all over bild but it is n't really comparable to the sun and similar tabloids . 
  they are tabloid style , i.e. 
  they love dramatic stories , celebrities , nudity etc , but they also still have the largest news room of all german newspapers and great connections into politics and institutions . 
  even in the bundestag you see the mps reading bild all the time . 
  sometimes they push certain agendas to demonstrate their power , like when they decided wulff needs to be gone after he left an angry message on the chief editor 's cell phone , but normally they are pretty neutral , especially in recent times . 
  you did n't see them pushing anti-refugee sentiments like most of the big uk tabloids at the height of the crisis or putting foreign politicians in hitler uniforms and similar stuff . 
  they are loud and often obnoxious but they still tend to be the first having access to breaking news . 
  if bild is a lying sack of shit then cnn is as well . 
  i doubt that this has anything at all to do with religion or ethnicity . 
  the majority of those he killed were migrants themselves and mostly teenagers . 
  i guess he just went nuts and wanted to kill kids that remind him of his bullies . 
  in the balcony video he says he grew up in a poor neighborhood so probably many of his classmates were migrants . 
  but he did n't have the balls to do it at his own school where everyone knows him so he chose some popular fast food restaurant . 
  racism might have played a minor role ( hence the connection to breivik ) but i guess it was mostly projection . 
  unfortunately just refers to the validity of frankonia 's post , in no way do i criticize these laws . 
  it 's two different laws . 
  the policeman can always claim self defense like any normal citizen but then he also becomes personally liable like a normal citizen . 
  / u/krautcop wrote an [ amazing post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/4tn58f/der_polizeiliche_schusswaffengebrauch_ein/ ) on that topic in german . 
  frankonia is ~ ~ unfortunately ~ ~ very wrong on that one . 
  basically , the rule of proportionality only applies to cops . 
  in personal self defence you are allowed to use literally anything to prevent an attack on you , even if it means killing the attacker with a head shot . 
  it only has to be the ** most effective ** way of stopping the attack i.e. 
  you may not shoot 20 bullets into someone 's stomach if you could as well smash a rock to his head . 
  rockets are more of a migrant thing anyway . 
  operation kebabclip ready for take-off !, 
  pls re-open balkan route , we might actually get our doctors and rocket scientists now . 
   an activist [ ... ] told sputnik that 's the source the article is referencing . 
  the trade-off is not between coal and nuclear . 
  you need the flexibility of gas and coal plants as long as smart grids are n't advanced enough to cope with 100 % renewables . 
  nuclear plants ca n't react at all to the high volatility of renewables , so not building new nuclear plants ( that take 30 + years to break even ) is a no-brainer . 
  modern coal plants are flexible , cheap ( -  faster break-even ) , autonomous ( coal is abundant in germany ) and the co2 balance with modern ~ ~ filters ~ ~ turbines is not that bad . 
  i just ca n't stop laughing . 
  this is too good . 
  brits are making european politics great again . 
  i 'm not a berliner so i do n't know too much about the current situation besides what i read in the papers . 
  but historically , berlin was sort of mecca for squatters since , while it was a west german enclave in east germany , many companies and middle class people left their homes behind , property prices were very low and many pre-ww2 houses stood empty , also afaik young men in berlin did n't have to serve in the military . 
  after all , this alternative scene is what gave berlin its reputation as this weird young anarchistic hippie paradise . 
  the owners of these squats usually accepted that the buildings were now `` dead capital '' and the inhabitants lived in peaceful coexistence with their neighbors . 
  after reunification and especially now with the rising property prices every now and then an investors bought one of these properties and tried to get a court to sign a forceful eviction order . 
  since the squatting community was pretty sizable , everytime they tried to do this all the squatters came together and basically tried to cause as much property damage as possible by destroying upper class cars , shops etc and keep thousands of officers busy . 
  the idea was that the next time an investors goes to court , the judge would look at the previous cases and conclude that it was in the public interest to not enforce an eviction since the expected costs were way higher than what the property is actually worth . 
  apparently in this specific case the investor offered the city to turn the building into a refugee home and now the authorities kinda had to act . 
  the outcome is overall pretty shit pr for the squatters . 
  however , one more thing to keep in mind : over the past years many squatters have grown very hostile towards the ongoing gentrification of their formerly rather run-down districts and started lighting up expensive cars etc just to make a point . 
  the authorities of course now have one more reason to no longer tolerate these groups . 
  that is a pretty clickbaity headline . 
  further down in the article :  only one of the police officers required treatment at a hospital . 
  that is very true . 
  i almost had a nervous breakdown when i had to wait in line for a taxi at dubai airport . 
  send me to a warzone or whatever but i 'm not gon na revisit a country that is that barbaric . 
  there 's , however , a bit of a difference between simulating a swift naval invasion with 36,000 troops from all over europe and across the atlantic and pulling together a chunk of your own soldiers on your own border and letting them shoot at trees for a few hours . 
  it 's probably just an excerpt from n24 's live coverage and , since they belong to the same media company , die welt includes a lot of their videos even if they add absolutely nothing to the article like in this case . 
  the youtube video of the incident is also linked , though . 
  well , if you look at the recent [ pew survey ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/13/europeans-see-isis-climate-change-as-most-serious-threats/epw-all-major-threats-web-version/ ) you could assume poland was the main destination of refugees in europe ( 73 % view refugees as a major threat to * their * country compared to 31 % and 24 % in germany and sweden , respectively ) . 
  i guess that if we had a paradox game simulating modern politics , playing poland would be the super easy mode , at least domestically . 
  they criticized our then-fdp ( a rather right-wing liberal party ) foreign minister for not supporting the no-fly zone and further military action in the un security council . 
  it 's a bit more difficult now in syria but i 'm just saying that the greens are n't as pacifist anymore as they used to . 
  well , he [ tried . 
  yeah , sa is the only country where religion  money  human lives . 
  in the gcc countries at least it 's highly frowned upon to go there as a local , from my experience i 'd say it 's around 60 % european expats and 40 % asians , among them quite some prostitutes . 
  you might occasionally spot a local hooking up with a girl but they keep a low profile . 
  well , qatar should n't be your first idea if you 're looking for a cheap vacation . 
  anyway , these hotel bars/clubs are usually more affordable than you might think since that 's where all the expats have to go to party . 
  just stick to the international hotel chains , they usually comprise a nightclub and can serve all the alcohol they want . 
  it 's the same in all muslim countries . 
  nobody is going to close down the hilton for un-islamic behavior . 
  [ post-withdrawal britain : why the swiss model would n't work for the uk ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/brexit-britain-and-the-switzerland-and-norway-models-a-1096952.html )  but when they invoke norway , brexit campaigners decline to mention the price oslo must pay to access the single market : eea members are required to pay into the european cohesion fund , which offsets social disparities within the eu . 
  norway also takes part in a range of other eu programs and pays the same amounts for those as member states do . 
   all told , this adds up to over $ 850 million per year . 
  if one takes into account how much money the uk currently receives from the eu , norway pays almost the same amount per capita as the united kingdom .
