  it 's always pretty big in [ berlin ] ( https://cdn.yukepo.com/content-images/listicle-images/2016/11/21/16360.jpg ) . 
  london economically dwarfs berlin , of course . 
  so do frankfurt and munich yet no one calls them startup hubs . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  i 've always warned that the big issue of brexit is not corporations , especially banks , moving aways . 
  they 'll strike a comfortable deal with the british government turning the country into a tax haven in the process and they 'll be alright . 
  our future , however , is increasingly built by young cosmopolitan entrepreneurs from all over the world that decide to move to a certain place based on other factors than corporate tax rate or whether you need a day or a week to register a company . 
  talk to any german and they 'll tell you berlin is a failed shithole . 
  yet that is exactly what attracts people from all over europe and beyond . 
  when a young spaniard considers places for renting a garage to build that one great app he always dreamed of do you think he looks up the number of billionaires and the tax rate he 'll have to pay once he earns his first million ( most startups never reach that stage ) ? 
  no , he 'll go to a place that best fits his lifestyle and where young people can actually live without earning the salary of an investment banker . 
  positive identification helps , too . 
  post-brexit britain is a placer fewer and fewer young europeans can identify with . 
  when you walk into a cafe in kreuzberg more people in the room can call themselves founder of a company than being fluent in german . 
  yes , most of these early stage startups are crap , yet this is where true creativity flourishes . 
  berlin certainly has it 's problems when it comes to startups , early stage funding being the biggest one . 
  but invalidating its claim as europe 's entrepreneurial hotspot based on simplistic economic dick measuring is wrong . 
  especially when many of the factors you listed lead to high rents and costs of living that work opposed to the livelihood of young entrepreneurs . 
  i had a trial subscription a while back . 
  as far as i remember the print version was overall much better than the online version . 
  nonetheless , the quality of their writing is at the level of a regional newspaper at best , however , they sometimes have interesting guest authors . 
  it 's definitely an echo chamber outlet if you do n't read other newspapers but i respect that they try to position themselves as a `` debate '' magazine and not as a preacher of absolute truth like many far-right media . 
  the articles are overall coherent and help you understand many right-wing talking points without throwing absolute verbal garbage at you like breitbart , pi-news etc. 
  because all evidence of their `` policing '' amounts to pictures on the internet of a bunch of edgelords posing with reflective vests they ordered from the uk . 
  they did n't force anything on anyone . 
  witnesses even said they thought it was a stag party . 
  true , but these committees are still staffed proportionally by members of all the parliamentary factions . 
  while i agree with the sentiment you also have to keep in mind that germany is a very consensus based society were political strongmanship is looked down upon . 
  the chancellor is n't really expected to show too much initiative and merkel pushed this even more towards fulfilling a purely moderating role . 
  programmatic politics is to be done on party conventions , in parliament debates and eventually during cabinet meetings and the chancellor , out of these controversial proposals from all sides , picks those that somehow fit his/her world view and make political sense and then drafts a government guideline for the term that in detail is implemented by the ministers ( which is why the distribution of ministries among the governing parties tends to play a rather big role in germany ) . 
  merkel is just the idealized stereotype of this unambitious technocrat that lives for the job . 
  she does n't have children and her husband is a chemistry professor who does n't give a crap about politics so no one expects her to abuse this position . 
  in public perception she 's not really a politician with a program but simply the highest administrator who , depending on what the polls say , steers the country in one direction or the other . 
  maybe schr\u00f6der 's wife wants to run and i 'm sure we could find some eccentric real estate heir who wants to be chancellor ... but i 'm rather glad people here still care about political expertise , even if that means merkel has everyone beaten hands down . 
  but why do you want to get rid of merkel so badly ? 
  we do n't have a presidential system , she does n't hold any power the parliament ca n't veto . 
  she 's just the person a whole lot of elected members of parliament agree is the best to represent the country on the world stage and to implement the largest common denominator of the governing parties ' ideas into a coherent plan of action . 
  do you really think that with a cdu-only government we would have seen things like a national minimum wage ? 
  some even argue that under merkel more genuinely social democratic ideas were implemented than under schr\u00f6der . 
  voting for a different party might not change the person that may call herself chancellor but it will certainly have an impact on the politics that shape our country . 
  that 's the beautiful thing about proportional representation . 
  nah , it 's still going strong . 
  even got a [ new generation of trains ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wsw_gtw_generation_15 ) this year . 
  this being germany and all there 's also a [ simulator game ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/81kjk1indbl._aa1500_.jpg ) where you can ride the schwebebahn . 
  they hide on the deportation date to win a few weeks/months until the procedure starts anew , not to permanently live undercover . 
  that 's not possible in germany . 
  afaik that whole calais situation exists mostly because the uk is the only western european country were you can pull off living as an illegal . 
  you want to shut down the government district of berlin for months ? 
  that 's how you shut down a government district for months . 
  we have too many retired people with too much time and a rather idealistic world view to act like the peace movement never happened . 
  for the non-germans : this is huge . 
  die wahre religion ( dwr ) was by far the biggest and most prolific salafist organisation in germany . 
  in the past few years you could spot them in every major city distributing free koran translations ( funded by saudi money ) and talking to people . 
  so far they successfully hid behind freedom of religion , maintained a relatively friendly public face and avoided being directly connected to jihadism . 
  outright banning them one day to the next and making sure to smash their entire organisation (  200 locations were raided simultaneously ) is probably the biggest action against islamism our government ever took . 
  yep , i do n't get why people always have to make up new categories for the cdu . 
  one day they are left wing extremists because they uphold the rights our constitution gives to refugees , the next day they are reactionaries because they want to keep marriage laws as they are . 
  you might not like them , but they are classic conservatives , something that seems to have become a bit out of fashion these days . 
   the fact that the us government , and the state governments , and the civil plaintiffs ' lawyers , come down like a stack of bricks is why us companies are very very careful to comply with the law . 
  i 'm not even disagreeing here . 
  it 's just two different systems altogether . 
  we see the same differences in other areas like the criminal code . 
  it 's what remains of the wild west mentality - a homo homini lupus assumption with draconic punishment as deterrent . 
  be it companies or people . 
  what you should take from this exchange , however , instead of feeling offended : this conception is not universal . 
  european societies , and certainly the german state , are rather built on cooperation and rehabilitation . 
  to a german it simply appears excessive and spiteful to almost destroy a company because it fucks up one time . 
  and we 're not talking about something that requires a huge deal of criminal energy - if you fail to discover such a simple cheat device for years you might need to check your test centers ' effectiveness ; the same applies to germany , where politicians are now focused on improving these processes in the future instead of seeking revenge at all cost . 
  the same goes for people - we do n't sentence someone to death or 34x life without parole . 
  we just do n't . 
  and it 's not like we 've sunk into a swamp of corruption or have more criminals than the u.s. because of it . 
  so again - the german government 's reaction is no surprise . 
  and , all cultural notions aside : they have reason to be pissed . 
  after all , they ca n't charge vw an even remotely comparable sum , even if they wanted , now that the u.s. courts have milked every last penny they could get . 
  christ , seems like i really struck a nerve there . 
  is the idea that politically appointed civil servants in the u.s. of a. might have motivations besides upholding the law that alien to you ? 
  the problem was explicitly not just the epa slamming a fee on vw , taking all arguments into consideration , but the excesses in lawsuits that followed on the lower levels . 
  that 's why i wrote in my first comment here : it 's not some top-down conspiracy but natural behavior of politically appointed career attorneys . 
  and again , district attorneys are elected by the state legislatures . 
  here 's one such class action example for you , given you seem to avoid fact checking yourself : http://www.pressherald.com/2017/03/30/volkswagen-to-pay-maine-5-million-in-settlement-of-emissions-cheating-suit/ anyway , i 'm off the screen for tonight . 
  looking forward to more unrelated insults in my inbox tomorrow . 
  the district attorneys behind the cases against vw are not appointed for life but have to fight for reelection every 4 years . 
  and guess who elects them - someone who really would n't like them to go after major u.s. employers . 
  also , i 'm not saying volkswagen is innocent by any means . 
  but the penalties announced thus far are absolutely ridiculous . 
  it took vw a simple software update to make the cars compliant with u.s. regulations . 
  instead of punishing vw in relation to the actual damage ( namely the reduction in performance as a result of the update plus a fee for the caused emissions ) vw had to buy back their entire u.s. fleet and pay billions on top . 
  u.s. regulators went for the highest punishment that was possible without destroying vw completely . 
  do you really think the fuckup of some engineers that might have made vw a tad more competitive on their third largest market ( for perspective : vw sells ~ 3x as many cars in china than in the us ) should destroy a otherwise highly respected company with 600,000 employees ? 
  and then people complain that germany is too lenient on vw . 
  well , if we imposed even half the u.s. ' punishment per car on vw it would be bankrupt . 
  or , as a major newspaper here put it : essentially , the german tax payer is now subsidising some u.s. 
  attorneys ' reelection campaign with billions . 
  there 's no need to assume some sort of elaborate conspiracy here . 
  you have to keep in mind that judicial offices in the u.s. are highly political ( afaik many states actually have elections for judges ) and aspiring prosecutors desperately long for high profile cases . 
  since prosecuting a domestic company like ford would n't quite score them any sympathy points a case against a foreign multinational like vw to them is like hitting the jackpot . 
  together with the rather `` special '' environmental regulations in the u.s. and the , from a european viewpoint , excessive jail sentences that can be handed out by judges if they happen to have a bad day or simply want to be in the international spotlight , it is no surprise that the german government rather risks looking like the bad guy than to further legitimize that show . 
  i used to kind of sympathize with the sentiment behind it , namely that we 're providing our road infrastructure through the center of europe for free while other countries like austria charge tolls . 
  so the german taxpayer ( who pays for the roads ) essentially subsidizes the dutch 's vacation trips to croatia . 
  however , the extra amount collected with the currently proposed toll is pretty much negligible and almost entirely eaten up by the new bureaucracy and infrastructure needed to enforce such a system .
