  the pull factor would be the same ( 100 % chance you end up in a wealthy country if you get asylum ) and the masses which are n't included in the quotas would still try to reach these countries by land . 
  as i see it the only viable solution will be to reinstitute law enforcement in the outer schengen countries and properly register every single asylum applicant as soon as he enters the eu . 
  he then has the choice to either apply for asylum or leave . 
  we would still adhere to our high human standards and give a fair asylum procedure to everyone who demands it , however , you will first be held in border countries with a relatively low standard of living which gives us much better leverage in convincing them to settle more evenly across europe , eventually also reducing the pull factor of the eu as a whole . 
  i 'm pretty far from being an obama fan but these speeches might be the most human moments of his presidency . 
  i genuinely feel bad for him watching these , it seems like he really wants to do something but has his hands tied . 
  turns out it 's a lot easier to unite your country for black rights or gay marriage than it is to unite it against fear and hatred . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i do n't think there 's a better title for his `` profession '' , though . 
   i have to say , only a german could care about facebook comments ... we 've always been a consensus based society . 
  the aggressive , dialectic , often times anonymous style of discussion on the internet alienates many people here . 
  a few days ago jakob augstein ( owner of der spiegel and arguably most influential leftist ) asked his followers on facebook why the discussion tone on twitter is so dumb and brutal . 
  you can only imagine what the average german intellectual would think of this community here . 
  they operate in germany and as such have always been subject to german laws . 
  however , in the past the execution of delete requests has n't worked at all , most likely because they did n't have a substantial team of german-speaking analysts . 
  surprise - governments do n't like companies ignoring their laws and considering what google went through once the public opinion turned against them ( e.g. 
  streetview was shut down and afaik nowhere in the western world the market share of chrome is smaller ) the other `` internet giants ' decided to comply this time . 
  it is cheap compared to new york , san francisco , zurich , london , paris , hong kong , shanghai , singapore , toronto , sydney , and most other cities with a similar density of multinational companies . 
  true at least for rents and groceries . 
  what were your other criteria ? 
  these things are n't really comparable . 
  why would these companies not invest in serbia given the cultural proximity , open economy , low wages and another hundred factors ? 
  do you think merkel called the head of deutsche telekom and said something like `` hey , you might lose money over the next 20 years but we 'd really like to control the serbian telecommunications infrastructure '' ? 
  no , they went there because they got their money 's worth . 
  what china is doing in africa or in many other markets is different . 
  they set up funds with hundreds of billions of dollars just to buy up key industries like currently the global semiconductor market or get a foothold in countries that are at present completely unprofitable and will get on a growth trajectory decades from now . 
  it makes sense because you have a country ( china ) dealing with individuals ( german company owners ) . 
  why would they not sell off to the chinese if they pay more than what other investors ( i.e. 
  the market ) would ever pay ? 
  the german government ca n't just say `` sorry , we do n't allow you to buy that company because we 'd like to keep it in german hands just to be safe '' without risking sanctions from the chinese . 
  and as we 're usually not the only country in possession of certain technologies china seeks to acquire but we sell a ton of high value added stuff to china a trade war would hurt us more than them . 
  exactly . 
  the problem with china is that they know exactly how to leverage their size . 
  they just build their own internet free of foreign competition ( aka the lands behind the great firewall ) , expose their software to a population larger than that of na and europe combined and through economies of scale and network effects comfortably out-compete everyone else . 
  in the west , we tend to overvalue ideas . 
  you do n't need to be the first with some great idea , you need to be the one being able to bring it to a mass market . 
  i have no idea how we will tackle that issue . 
  it 's kind of a prisoner 's dilemma . 
  individually , most countries , especially germany , are better off looking for a good relationship with china . 
  if we do n't sell them our technology , the americans or the french will , right ? 
  and for now they are buying all our cars . 
  but the world would definitely be better off speaking with one voice here . 
  not even the eu is really large enough for that , though . 
  that 's why i 'm personally a bit concerned about reddit 's ( and many people 's ) hate-boner against ttip , for example . 
  but that 's a different topic . 
  i 'm a bit too young to know what it was like when japan and korea were the big deal but it 's interesting to see that they did n't act that differently . 
  except that the scale is of course very different and in china 's case quite frightening . 
  anyway , you seem like a great source of expertise . 
  hope you stick around . 
  that 's the big difference in dealing with a planned economy like china vs. dealing with regular investment from market economies . 
  when americans or europeans invest in a country they do so because of the low wages and other tangible benefits to the investing company . 
  it is per se egoistic but eventually benefits both sides . 
  when the chinese invest they often do n't do it for the lower wages or other geographic advantages but to expand their power in the long run by e.g. 
  opening up new markets or taking over a strategic industry . 
  they do n't have to care about short-term profits . 
  i 'd dare you to drive around kenya , for example , and show me one major infrastructure project where the chinese workers do n't outnumber the african ones . 
  i mean , come on , this is a sub-saharan third world country with wages that are pretty much non-existent and yet they prefer flying in low-tech staff from china ? 
  that ai n't good for anyone except the empire-builders in the cpc . 
  do you have any evidence to back that up ? 
  in germany the identity of suspects and victims is always kept secret except for when there 's a manhunt or otherwise justified public interest . 
  would be very weird if privacy codes in sweden differentiated by ethnicity . 
  it 's including utilities and you also get to share a large living room , kitchen and bathroom with one other guy . 
  the pictures look pretty comfy and it 's in a nice area . 
  in munich that would be considered a steal . 
  according to ~ ~ yet unconfirmed ~ ~ [ spiegel reports ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/a-1115861.html ) the suspect asked an other syrian for a place to sleep who then informed the police . 
  when they arrived with a helicopter and bomb defusal squads they found the suspect already handcuffed . 
  edit : police confirmed that the terrorist 's compatriot who invited him into his flat overwhelmed him together with other syrians and then handed the handcuffed man over to the police . 
  i 'm talking from the perspective of an individual . 
  if we had  50 % youth unemployment and a fraction of the wages of other countries i can legally work in i 'd sure as hell emigrate rather today than tomorrow . 
  you see this happening in most single markets . 
  china 's growth for example is mostly fueled by poor people moving to the developed areas at the coast and not by industry moving westwards . 
  yet in europe everyone expects that the periphery will just naturally catch up to the more developed regions while the unemployed sit at home waiting for the jobs to come . 
  that 's not how it works anywhere . 
  anyway , my point was that wages and benefits are obviously not as much of a driving factor in europe as they could be and that czechia increasing its wages by 10 or 20 % will do close to nothing when even germany with 3x higher salaries ca n't solve its demographic problems through inner-eu migration . 
  you 're referring to skilled expats but that 's not the bulk of the migration potential . 
  we have tons of companies in south germany that ca n't find enough apprentices while at the same time half the greeks between 20 and 30 sit in their parent 's basement all day doing nothing . 
  greece losing 2 % of their population in a decade or whatever numbers are thrown around here is literally nothing given what is going on in these countries . 
  that works in china or ( to a lesser degree ) the us but not in europe . 
  if people were rational young spaniards and greeks should be piling up here . 
  that 's why i listed those two cases in addition to , not among right wing terrorists . 
  the motive does n't matter here . 
  it is pretty obvious that the foreign victims were n't just unlucky . 
  and while it is true that the afghan guy probably did n't have the plan to attack chinese people when he left his house i also do n't think that he picked the one obviously foreign family in a train full of bavarians out of chance . 
  he picked the victims he deemed to be the lowest in his fucked up value chain - even to him these were other foreigners , not germans . 
  for average germans the danger of being the victim of terrorism is absolutely neglectible , true . 
  but now have a look at the recently successful attacks . 
  the munich shooter targeted foreigners . 
  the w\u00fcrzburg axe attacker targeted a foreign family . 
  right wing terrorists target foreigners . 
  we had a group of serial killers hunting turks for a decade . 
  and now look at the small percentage of the population that is visibly foreign . 
  as a southern looking guy i probably would be pretty afraid . 
  i have n't been to liberland myself but i met vit jedli\u010dka and some of the other activists on a conference last year and had many interesting discussions . 
  vit stroke me as an impressively charismatic guy , although he seemed rather unorganized and most of the heavy lifting in croatia & serbia was done by independent third parties . 
  these activists withdrew at the end of last summer after a chain of arrests and i thought the project had died down . 
  if vit still wants to achieve anything of substance he needs way more activists than he had even at the peak of last summer 's settlement efforts . 
  but i feel like he 's mostly trying to turn this into his personal life story to live off the media attention and the curiosity of libertarian groups around the world . 
  the overwhelmingly hostile reaction of reddit and other more mainstream communities to the media reports last year have shown that it is extremely hard to actually mobilize for a settlement . 
  personally , i do n't expect anything for the future of ll . 
  the d\u00f6ner is better than in ankara tho .
