should the they leave the customs union cargo from the uk to mainland europe will need extra checks , rotterdam is already congested so maybe that 's the brexit connection ? 
  nissan is half owned by renault . 
  renault is 20 % owned by the french state . 
  maybe the commission could ask the french govt what 's in the deal . 
  damit i thought threatening to block a50 was a corbyn cunning plan to peel away the mps who were remain prior to the ref then became ` got ta respect the result ' cowards after . 
  that is a commons debate on a50 then becomes a choice between brexit at any cost regardless , loss of single market membership , sacrifice of every first bon uk child or whatev without knowing how bad a deal there 'll be . 
  against an argument that says : well yeh we respect the referendum result and we will ... eventually ... leave but we wo n't begin the a50 process unless and until we can first secure a minimum set of conditions e.g. 
  single market membership and in that way once the trigger is pulled and there 's no going back we 'll at least know what the worst deal is that we 'll come out with . 
  seems reasonable though may not be possible and probably is n't e.g. 
  tusk : no brexit or hard brexit , that 's your choice . 
  no negotiation before notification . 
  only a narrow range of issues pertaining to disentanglement from existing arrangements and nothing to do with the nature of uk 's future trade relations with eu ( such as continued sm membership or not ) will be discussed during a50 . 
  but that 's not the point , the point is to lure away the remain mps who would otherwise not block a50 with a plausible looking excuse . 
  the a50 bill is then defeated in the commons and so a ge ensues . 
  stage 1 of the corby game plan complete and stage 2 begins . 
  the same divide and conquer tactics are then be applied to the voting public in the ge . 
  peel away the soft leave voters who may not want brexit at any cost and would at least like to see an attempt made to secure a base line deal , the least they can get secured before the article 50 point of no return is passed . 
  as the soft leave vote is stripped away the govt . 
  side starts looking less attractive relying more on the swivel eyed ideologue loons and the frothing at the mouth ultra-nationalists threatening civil war . 
  labour then wins and stage 3 of the plan begins . 
  this result drops a choice at the feet of the eu and it 's this : we either give them what they want or they do n't trigger a50 and we 're stuck with them . 
  i do n't want them anymore does anyone else ? 
  especially after all this referendum shit kicking off . 
  for the past 4 decades they 've been utter pricks attempting to block anything that leads to further integration or social progress so maybe in the long run at least it 's better they 're out of the way . 
  and the eu might not need to concede much , corbyn is being vague to keep his and the eu 's options open e.g. 
  he just uses the word ` access ' and never used the word ` membership ' . 
  anyone who sells in to the single market has access , maybe even north korea has that level of ` access ' . 
  he wants to steal brexit from the tories and then be seen to succeed where they failed and be seen to have achieved it on his terms . 
  both the outer left and outer right of uk politics want the freedom of brexit to be able to fashion the uk in to a shape of their own choosing . 
  the right so as to make it a tax haven and money laundering sink for themselves and their buddies . 
  and free of annoyances like eu regs on employee rights and conditions uk workers will then compete with those in the 3rd world but producing for a market of 500 million of the richest consumers on their doorstep as opposed half way round the globe . 
  the left , unfettered by competition rules and such are free to subsidise and nationalise what they want and that might be where corbyn is tending towards , not a united kingdom but a union of socialist republics . 
  maybe i 'm reading too much in to this . 
  maybe not and they were just testing the waters by hinting that they may block a50 . 
  perhaps the uk needs softening up a little more first by stewing in their own brexit juice just a little longer . 
  corby took the lid off the pan and took a sip from the ladle . 
  hmm ... maybe not yet . 
  then puts the lid back on . 
  fish fingers are going up 10 % ... 
  there is an upside to that ancient chinese curse ; at least things ai n't boring . 
  another interesting plot twist !, 
  i 'm on the edge of my seat !, 
  not necessarily . 
  the person stabbed may crawl along the floor for a short distance while still holding the bag of skittles which could spill thereby leaving a trail . 
  of skittles . 
  i know i know i know , article 50 is a one way ticket , i just forgot when i wrote the above . 
  please kill me now , thank you . 
  sheesh you make post after post and they 're all ignored then you make one mistake ... one mistake and the entire world is on your back . 
  there 's article 7 but i think they 'd have to commit genocide for that to apply and then they would n't be kicked out , just not allowed to vote , so they 'd have to sit on their hands . 
  but are you sure staying could n't be used as a threat ? 
  maybe we should just keep quiet on this and pretend we want them to stay because otherwise they might well ... stay . 
  sorry no you 're right i just forgot a50 is a one way ticket . 
  i deserve to be down voted to hell . 
  you 're right and i actually already know this ... i just forgot about it when i wrote what i wrote . 
  i deserve to be down voted . 
  however ... ( and i do n't know why i 'm trying to help them but they probably wo n't take any notice of me anyway ) however ... what if they threaten to stay unless they 're given the option to change their mind post a50 triggering ? 
  would that work ? 
  i certainly do n't want them , does anyone ? 
  they were a big enough pain in the butt before the referendum so they 'll be even a bigger pain if we 're stuck with them because they feel they 've no better choice . 
  the brits have one card up their sleeve . 
  it 's one they wo n't want to play because it 's not one most brexit voters will like . 
  they wo n't like it because most of them ca n't think more than one step ahead . 
  but it 's a card the eu will least expect them to play ... 
  so negotiations begin . 
  the two year article 50 countdown clock has started ticking . 
  both sides take their places at the table . 
  tick tick . 
  poker faces . 
  tick tick . 
  eye to eye . 
  tick tick . 
  stoney silence apart from the tick tick of the clock and then ... `` give us what we want or we 're staying '', 
  oh i do so hope this means maple syrup will become cheaper . 
  wow !, 
  those are some hot potatoes !, 
  does the conversation have to have a destination ? 
  can you not just enjoy the ride for its own sake ? 
  well never mind then , we have hit a fork in the road . 
  you go your way and i 'll go mine . 
  that 's not question though . 
  i 'm not asking you to generalise people i 'm asking you what general types of acts would a person have to perform so as to qualify in your opinion as an idiot . 
  if generalising in this case is difficult for you then perhaps list a few examples of idiotic acts and we can work from there by perhaps determining what they have in common . 
  so what generally in you opinion would a person need to do so as qualify for idiocy ? 
  if someone enjoys idiotic things and finds them profound do you at least think they are idiots ? 
  true , they have been a retardant when it comes to social progress and integration so long term it is better for the rest of us in the eu . 
  why is it difficult to understand that it 's possible for large numbers of people to be idiots !, 
  have not heard popular music on the radio or seen what tv shows are most watched !, 
  there are published opinion polls where people have given their reasons . 
  and if they imagined their country would somehow prosper as a result of this collective act of idiocy then their reasons are currently in the process of being proven wrong . 
  and solidly wrong ones too unless their intention was to deliberately trash their own economy . 
   when your product name is equivalent to the product itself in peoples minds , you 've won . 
  not quite for example hoover is now synonymous with vacuum cleaner to hoover 's detriment , everyone has forgotten hoover is actually a brand of vacuum cleaner !, 
  climate change, 
  punching yourself in the face is idiotic and there are plenty of other idiotic things we can do to ourselves individually or collectively , in short idiotic acts exist . 
  that an idiocy is voted for does n't make it any less idiotic or anyone who voted for it any less an idiot . 
  same poison but in different concentrations, 
  the government will put all that cash in to a sack , put the sack in a wheelbarrow and wheel it over to the nearest apple shop . 
  sorry no . 
  13 billion divided by the population of ireland is exactly the price of one macbook pro . 
  although if there are enough deaths between now next tuesday there may be some change for an ipod shuffle .
