  the fact the result legitimised this behaviour in the eyes of some in addition to the nature of the leave campaign counts as evidence supporting the claim that sentiments ranging from xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism to outright racism were a significant motivator for people to vote leave . 
  certainly significant enough for me not to want to see this way of thinking encouraged or rewarded in any way by offering concessions to the uk on free movement so as to keep them in the single market ( as per the linked article in the original post ) . 
   you can claim it , yet it does n't mean this was the case with brexit voters . 
  i can also refuse to give your opinion much weight since you ca n't back it up with hard data . 
  it would be a case of `` agree do disagree '' . 
  i 've given some of the reasons why i thought xenophobia chauvinism and racism were significant motivators for voting leave . 
  presumably ( because you 've not addressed them ) this does n't count as hard data . 
  so what would count as ` hard data ' in this case ? 
  < just cutting out the bits we agree on   yet on this point i 'd argue that white on non-white crime and on muslims is given a heavier penalty in the uk than the other way around . 
   see for example the reaction to two guys who throw bacon at a mosque , described as an `` attack on england '' , yet the uk authorities and social workers ignored the reports of paquistani muslims running rape gangs in rotherham and other uk cities for years . 
  and they targeted exclusively white girls . 
  this is racism through and through . 
   can you see the double standard here ? 
  can you concede that this type of thing is also a motivating factor for `` brexiters '' ? 
  why should this kind of thing be a motivator for brexitors ? 
  so some local authorities may be more reluctant to pursue certain cases for fear of appearing racist , how then does being out of the eu change this ? 
  this would be a problem caused by local authorities , social services and police in rotherham . 
   if the word `` significant '' carries such little weight in your dictionary then you should accept the opposite claim as equally valid : racism and xenophobia were insignificant in motivating the brexit vote . 
  ooh interesting logical point . 
  however in doing so i 'd have to deny the evidence presented to my own eyes . 
  as i previously stated `` i saw a campaign from the ukip and tory leave politicians and the right wing press based on xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism occasionally crossing over to outright racism where irrational fears about immigration were stoked for example ukip 's `` breaking point '' poster . 
  then post referendum i see people who had previously managed to hide their opinions feel legitimised and able to express their true feelings by kicking the shit out of anyone appearing to them to be foreign '' and those are the things which lead me to state that xenophobia chauvinism and racism played a significant role in motivating people to vote leave . 
   again , the original `` question '' you posed to / u/captain _ blackadder implied that it is established that xenophobia and racism motivated the vote and you 're inviting him to disprove your opinion . 
  he made the claim . 
  he simply said that my comment was so wrong that it was laughable . 
  he did n't justify his claim . 
  i have justified mine ( see above ) . 
   `` any role '' and `` significant role '' do n't mean the same thing in my dictionary , but then again maybe us southern europeans are just too dumb to understand her majesty 's language . 
  then i 'll rephrase : does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played a significant role in any election campaign ever ? 
   why would it be a `` question problem '' ? 
  you stated : `` for all i know you may be the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong coloured skin as merely a joke . '', 
   there was no question , you 're hypothesizing that i may be a person that would find an assault funny . 
  so i 'll ask you again , what did i say in my previous comments that lead you to paint this image of me in your mind ? 
  there is nothing you said that would lead me to believe this and nor did i say that 's what i believed . 
  it might help you understand what i meant by refreshing your memory of the context ( if i can remember it correctly myself ) . 
  i was discussing the possibility that what constitutes racism may be subjective and that you may for all i know have a much higher threshold for judging something to be racist than i would . 
  if for example you were the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong skin colour as being just a joke and not a racist act then very definitely yes , your threshold would be much higher than mine . 
  i said that regardless of the color of their skins the crime should be handled for what it is : assault . 
  then i misinterpreted you . 
  when you wrote that skin colour has nothing to do with it i thought you meant that it was n't an act of racism . 
  would it be though ? 
   or would you have the racist hanged for this crime instead , because his skin color does n't match that of his victim ? 
  racially motivated crimes should incur a greater punishment yes . 
  hanging though would be going too far . 
  not sneaky just slow . 
  i thought of something else to add and thought i 'd be able to get it in before you read my comment . 
  you were too quick for me . 
  however when i saw you 'd replied after i edited i put what i 'd added to that comment in my following response . 
  perhaps the thing to do my be to pre-pend the additional text with ` edit ( and another thing ) : ' or something like . 
  also you probably got 10 million billion trillion notifications about my response to another of your comments because i was trying to quote your text using the chevron but reddit was just ignoring it and jumbling our texts together so i kept deleting my reply to try again . 
  i do n't use this site often . 
  arrrgggh why do i not see your text quoted when i use the chevron symbol and reddit instead just jumbles up mine and your text !, 
  i will a double quote instead . 
  `` thanks for having the backbone to admit this '' . 
  no backbone required . 
  i do n't need to back it up because it was n't what i claimed . 
  `` you absolutely did , go back and read your own comments . 
  you said that xenophobia and racism were significant in motivating the leave vote . 
  by saying this you imply that a significant number of votes were cast thanks to xenophobia and racism '' . 
  `` if this is n't what you wanted to transmit to other readers then you chose your words poorly '' . 
  then this argument hinges on how the word ` significant ' should be interpreted . 
  you seem to be saying that to claim a thing as such is to also claim it is measurable and has been measured . 
  if perhaps i had said ` statistically significant ' then you would have had a point . 
  you most definitely had caught me out !, 
  but as it is well , maybe we just have different dictionaries . 
  `` you can make all the claims you want , but unless you have some post-election polling done by a neutral entity that provides some hard data , your claims are quite hollow '' . 
  again you are replying to one of my questions as if it was a claim !, 
  perhaps two question marks will help on the second attempt . 
  here goes : and does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played any role in any election campaign ever ? 
  `` i 'd consider that as assault and the perpetrators should be arrested . 
  the color of the perpetrator 's and victim 's skins has nothing to do with it . 
  tell me , why would you assume this ? 
  has anything i 've said here given you reason to think i 'd find this a joke ? '' no assumption was made . 
  where in what i wrote did i make this assumption ? 
  maybe this is another question mark problem . 
  however in the scenario i gave it specifically said `` for having the wrong coloured skin '' but in your response you leapt to the defence of my hypothetical racist claiming that the victim 's skin colour had nothing to do with it . 
  i find this significant . 
   you 're making a claim and disguising it as a question also it will do you well to reply to what i wrote not what you imagine i meant, 
  my judgment that xenophobia chauvinistic nationalism and at times outright racism played a significant role in the leave vote is based on what i saw . 
  as i previously stated `` i saw a campaign from the ukip and tory leave politicians and the right wing press based on xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism occasionally crossing over to outright racism where irrational fears about immigration were stoked for example ukip 's `` breaking point '' poster . 
  then post referendum i see people who had previously managed to hide their opinions feel legitimised and able to express their true feelings by kicking the shit out of anyone appearing to them to be foreign '' now is there a precise measure of the racist or xenophobic or chauvinistic sentiment among a general population ? 
  as far as i know no . 
  so why are you asking me for one as if i ever claimed such a thing exists ? 
  and does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played any role in any election campaign ever ? 
  obviously not or do i have to provide an extreme example ? 
  maybe these things are subjective and maybe you and i have different judgement levels on what say constitutes racism . 
  for all i know you may be the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong coloured skin as merely a joke . 
  there is no claim in what you 're quoting . 
  it 's a question . 
  hence the presence of a question mark . 
  are you trying to tell me that it can not be claimed that xenophobia , nationalistic chauvinism and racism have played a significant part in any election campaign ever because such things can not be measured ? 
  [ looks like the uk 's ruling tory party might find this a hard sell to its supporters and some of its mps . 
  and more importantly it does n't look as though the murdoch empire is painting a rosy picture of this deal to their readers ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/24/tory-mps-react-with-fury-as-eu-leaders-consider-uk-emergency-bra/ ), 
  did i make any specific claims about percentages ? 
  i saw a campaign from the ukip and tory leave politicians and the right wing press based on xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism occasionally crossing over to outright racism where irrational fears about immigration were stoked for example ukip 's `` breaking point '' poster . 
  then post referendum i see people who had previously managed to hide their opinions feel legitimised and able to express their true feelings by kicking the shit out of anyone appearing to them to be foreign . 
  how does this support your point ? 
  it does the opposite !, 
  people tend to fear change and the unknown so xenophobia will be more marked in places where a change in the cultural mix has been recent and/or abrupt . 
  to me that is what the economist 's findings show .
