  we 're all going to get a macbook pro each, 
   a country with no past ca n't have any future . 
  every country at some point had no past . 
  but would n't it be pointless for any non-eu country to negotiate with the uk until the terms of the new uk eu arrangement is known as this will impact what the uk is able to offer in negotiations with non-eu countries ? 
  does eastern europe have a shortage of chairs ? 
  my vague ( mis ) understanding is , and please if anyone can see anything that needs correcting or fleshing out a little then do but ca n't because : 1 . while in the eu it 's not legally possible ( so any such deal would n't be legally binding ) for the uk by itself to negotiate a trade deal with another country as this is one of the things the eu does on behalf of all its members . 
  we ca n't have some member country cutting a sneaky deal with the chinese so they can then use that country as a gate to dump stuff cheap on the whole eu . 
  and it 's for this reason the uk has few international trade deal negotiators ; they ai n't needed any this past four decades . 
  it 's the ` customs union ' part of the eu . 
  deals negotiated for a population of more than half a billion are going to bring better terms than those for a population of around a tenth that such as the uk . 
  2 . ca n't until the third party knows what kind of trade relationship the uk will have with the eu which might not be sorted till years after the two year article 50 process when the uk actually leaves . 
  not sure if it 's possible for the uk and eu to negotiate this future relationship in parallel with the article 50 talks which may concern just matters re severing the existing relationship : funding of schemes which straddle the leave date , pensions of uk eu personnel , eu offices and headquarters of various branches in the uk , rights of eu citizens in the uk and ukers in the eu . 
  so a new trade relationship with the eu may not be fully negotiated until years after the two year a50 period ( an ` interim ' agreement has been mooted ) . 
  but the eu is the uk 's biggest trading partner so the uk will want to sort that first and any third party country will wan na know how that turns out first coz it has a bearing on what the uk can and ca n't offer non-eu countries in any talks with them . 
  the uk may opt stay within the customs union and drop everything else eu ( as per turkey ) in which case they wo n't even be able to negotiate with others . 
  or they may go the norway way and join efta in which case they will have to accept a lot of eu rules on products and service such as free movement of peeps so their hands will be a little tied when it comes to negotiating these things with other countries . 
  negotiating new arrangements on tariffs and quotas with the wto post eu membership will also be a more immediate priority than negotiations with the us china brazil new zealand papua new guinea etc. 
  3 . ca n't until they 've got the negotiators and administrative infrastructure set up to negotiate with the eu and re-negotiate alone other deals the eu had done for them as part of a bloc of ten times the number of consumers they are alone . 
  like i said the uk has n't needed to do any of this for almost half a century . 
  currently i think they 're meeting in starbucks for lack of office space . 
  on the other side of the table 300 or so very experienced eu trade negotiators are waiting for the uk to sort themselves out . 
  that i think is the gist . 
  [ recorded in estonia 1980 . 
  and quite lovely it is too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feb68l-3uwy ) keep singing eesti, 
  aliens, 
  they are hand wavers . 
  just like many of my bosses over the decades i 've worked as a programmer . 
  `` do not bother me with the detail . 
  the detail is your job . 
  just make it happen '' . 
  so they try to brush away the problems with a hand waving gesture because they see the bigger picture , because they are the ideologues or the economists or the business analysts etc. 
  `` just do a search and replace everywhere in the code for eu with uk for heaven 's sake !, 
  job done ! '', 
  brexit may grind to a halt because the myriad problems across all of the detail but if does n't and it happens then so will britain . 
  the country will grind to a halt , the uk will blue screen , turning it on and off again wo n't help , the country will simply cease functioning . 
  [ meanwhile in the department for brexit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkorp55aqvg ), 
  i have a feeling you would not count the labour and human rights laws instituted through eu directives and regulations as being social progress . 
  but no matter , we will be fine in our protectionist bubble of 700 million people while you in the uk can enjoy a race to the bottom competing with chinese factory workers . 
  yes although a great deal of progress has been made there are still many things that need to change here . 
  but this is not relevant to my point . 
  it does not make what i said any less true ; that the uk has been an obstacle when it comes to progress on integration and social issues within the eu . 
  from a low base yes . 
  ireland is a completely different country to what it was in the 80s though there is still a lot of catching up to do with the rest of the eu . 
  what 's your point anyway or at least how is your post relevant in anyway to the one you are replying to ? 
  are you for example trying to say ireland would have made more progress in this regard outside of the eu than in ? 
  the brexiteers want independence from reality, 
  my general feeling too . 
  in the long run we are better off without them . 
  the uk has always been a retardant when it comes to integration and social progress within the eu . 
  also it will strengthen the union once it becomes obvious to most in the remaining 27 what a disaster leaving the eu can be . 
  sometimes you have to prune to grow . 
  existence is the best joke of all, 
   the majority of people just want to put the past behind us and get in with our lives but then brexit happened maybe this is why the walls are coming down ; to be rolled up and carried off to the northern ireland border so as to form an anti-eu defence shield blocking the swarms of immigrants that might otherwise slip through that back door once the channel tunnel has been bricked up . 
  the majority of people wearing my shoes have voted for independence , in fact the vote was unanimous . 
  i am now my own country . 
  maybe we should expect more such ` rain bombs ' ; a warmer atmosphere holds more moisture . 
  woah !, 
  i completely missed this !, 
  and it 's been open since 2009 !, 
  so the trend of rail closures has begun its revere and eventually the network will be back to where it was in 1920 !, 
  also must use this train to visit the jameson 's plant by changing at glounthaune . 
  it will be safer than cycling back like i did last time after one too many samples . 
  the ` now ' map is missing the line between cork and cobh . 
  i know it 's there because from my window i can see that on the other side of the river there are trains still running along it , back and forth every half hour or so . 
  there used to be a line on my side of the river too . 
  it closed in 1932 and is now a cycle path which i use to get to and from work . 
  the 1920 map has made me interested in discovering what other previous rail lines are now cycle paths . 
   in the eyes of `` some '' . 
  agreed . 
   what i do n't agree with is that it was a significant number . 
  i never said a significant number of people believed the result justified racist attacks . 
   like i said previously , hard data would be a poll conducted by a neutral/respected party . 
  if this ever happens , let me know and i 'll revise my own views , but until then i do n't think your opinion holds much weight . 
  it 's possible we are reading the same words but with different understandings of what they mean . 
  i keep saying that `` sentiments ranging from xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism to outright racism were a significant motivator for people to vote leave '' . 
  now it 's likely that what i call ` petty nationalistic chauvinism ' you would describe as maybe plain nationalism or patriotism or being proud of one 's country and that these are laudable things . 
  you ca n't deny there was a populist nationalistic element to the leave campaign surely ? 
  the racist attacks to my mind are just a more extreme manifestation of those same general sentiments . 
  the eu and its predecessor organisations have helped keep peace in europe for 70 years by integrating the trading environment . 
  right from the beginning with the coal and steel community : country a ca n't go to war against country b because it ca n't make bombs and tanks without the steel that b makes and b ca n't make bombs and tanks because it ca n't smelt the steel to make them without the coal supplied by a. 
  the driver for this integration has been business not the will to make peace but the will to make money !, 
  however the more integrated this shared trading environment becomes the harder it is for the countries within to war with each other , like punching yourself in the face . 
  so peace has been a beneficial side effect of economic integration but the driver of it is business . 
  a larger market is a good thing for business obviously and one single market shared by many countries with a shared set of rules and standards with no tariffs or quotas between them is good for business yes ? 
  but rules and standards do n't grow out of the ground by themselves , politicians must propose or at least approve them . 
  so countries ca n't pool their economies without pooling their sovereignty . 
  and nationalists do n't like this . 
  so i see wars and atrocities in the first half of the last century spurred on by nationalistic populism . 
  and now obviously to a much less potent degree ( trying to skirt around godwin 's law ) i see the same kind of nationalistic sentiments tearing one country from the union that has held europe together in peace and increasing prosperity over the postwar period . 
  this nationalism needs nipping in the bud to prevent a slide to the pre-war situation . 
  so the eu should make this the hardest brexit possible as a lesson to other potential wreckers so as to protect itself . 
  not because it is a protection racket but to protect its achievements : continued peace and increasing prosperity . 
   what does this have to do with the eu ? 
  stronger controls over borders and the ability to reject asylum seeker quotas the eu is trying to push . 
  the uk within the eu already has stronger controls over immigration not being in the schengen area . 
  maybe they want stronger controls and do n't want all those poles , without them their country will fall apart , without east europeans pulling vegetables out of the ground ( and this is n't the only brexit related food security risk ) the uk will starve . 
  so let them . 
  they can eat their flags . 
   was this a large number of people , relative to the number of leave voters ? 
  would you consider this number significant ?
