  bosnians usually have a croatian passport so you 're technically not even guests , 
  are from the north or the south ? 
  ( by that i mean : do you speak kajkavian or \u0161tokavian / \u010dakavian ? ), 
  why ? 
  i 'm sure he can to a certain level , but he definitely can not speak it , like it is the case with these 4 i mentioned earlier . 
  serbia and montenegro are closer to macedonia so possibly they understand macedonian much better . 
  just like the croats understand slovenian better than the serbs thanks to the unofficial dialects in croatia that are similar to slovenian . 
  no , no , no . 
  it 's austria , they speak austrian . 
  we can communicate with bulgaria ? 
  i did n't even know that . 
  since croatian , bosnian , serbian and montenegrin are officially considered different languages , why not put 4 extra languages in your resume , 
  how many, 
   what should a foreign know before the start , if they want to learn your language ? 
  that there are so many more useful languages, 
  it was probably because of the accent and ` fla\u0161a ' was just a trigger . 
  i did n't even know fla\u0161a was serbian , i use it 50 % of the times . 
  where did your friend go ? 
  i can definitely see this happen in southern dalmatia and slavonia , but absolutely not in istria , kvarner or zagreb . 
  i ca n't read and write cyrillic and i 'm not saying it 's not logical , too . 
  but , since we read like we write and write like we read , letters nj , lj and d\u017e are very logical , since they are pronounced exactly like they 're written . 
  you have to admire the beautiful , melodic slavic languages, 
  this more applies to the zg plates in split than it does to the st plates in zagreb ... 
  most croats are welcoming to serbs the same way they are to other tourists , maybe even more welcoming since we speak the same language and we just understand each other 's thinking . 
  it has been more than two decades since the war ended , after all . 
  but there are fools anywhere and there have been incidents involving the tires of cars with serbian registration plates . 
  wow , that darcy really has a low tolerance for 5 liters of vodka, 
  have you ever heard of sarcasm ? 
  it 's not my fault that ` you ' is the same in singular and plural . 
  i was referring to the plural . 
  and , yeah , it was a joke . 
  i do n't think you ( americans ) should be yelled at , calm down . 
  brits arrive drunk . 
  but that 's even better because they spend more and are by far the biggest spenders of all the tourists , according to our tourist board . 
  of course < 3, 
  we do n't have soft \u0161 . 
  maybe cyrillic would be easier for polish . 
  i 'm not fighting it , but latin alphabet is very logical . 
  rule number 1 of a country that lives off of tourism : we love all of our tourists . 
  even if we do n't . 
  apparently [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xil2qjd.jpg ) is \u0161i\u0161mi\u0161 in cyrillic . 
  not so perfect ... 
  or [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/d9fbxb4g4gi?t=62 ), 
  looks fabulous, 
  well we had something horrible before we realized czechs are awesome and copied their version . 
  this was only in the 19th century . 
  the support for marriage equality has rapidly grown , despite the referendum . 
  it is still a goverment 's mistake that they did n't legalize same-sex marriage before the referendum . 
  i guess croats do the opposite and use \u0107 when there is \u010d . 
  i kinda like the beginning . 
  yes , more important than brexit :p, 
  in croatian r becomes a vowel in situations like this . 
  yes, 
  is this basically a sound of chocking on food ? 
  it looks dutch . 
  well i always wondered why we have soft versions of d\u017e and \u010d , but not for \u0161 and \u017e . 
  the missing link has been found now . 
  they are almost the same and a lot of croats never completely learn to use them correctly . 
  we only have : \u0110 , \u0160 , \u010c , \u0106 , \u017d d\u017d , nj and lj . 
  \u017d is the same as rz . 
  we have \u0107 , too . 
  it 's a softer version of \u010d . 
  which is softer in polish , cz or \u0107 ? 
  and something about bull tearing them apart is all i understood . 
  polish actually makes sense , it just has too much letters so it looks complicated . 
  for example , for cz and sz we use \u010d and \u0161 . 
  abnormal is very offensive in croatian , when used to describe a person . 
  we also have a ` non-normal ' ( nenormalno ) and it 's equally negative . 
  yes , but the word ` abnormal ' has a negative connotation and should not be used when describing homosexual people as uncommon . 
  similarly , you would n't say to the person with green eyes that their eyes are abnormal because they would most likely feel offended . 
  possibly , yes . 
  because another eurobarometer poll from the same year says that 37 % are in favour of same-sex marriage and 9 % are neutral . 
  37 % is still a huge improvement from the 17 % a few years ago , though . 
  according to eurobarometar 2015 , 47 % of people in croatia think that homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals . 
  but only mathematically . 
  lol you should try driving in italy , they drive in both lanes at the same time . 
  by that i mean in the middle of the line . 
  i think you are trying to say that gender is only physical . 
  it 's not . 
  gender is also psychological . 
  that 's why hermaphrodites are not both male and female , they are what they feel they are . 
  those are absolutely not synonyms . 
  would that mean that only common is normal ? 
  so if i have green eyes , which are uncommon comparing to brown and blue eyes , am i then abnormal ? 
  only a small minority of people likes math . 
  you are abnormal . 
  it 's the most important fact here because if anus was n't so vulnerable for diseases , promiscuity and fewer partners would n't matter . 
  the risk is the same as for the heterosexuals who engage in anal sex . 
  well , then you should renew your biology knowledge . 
  that 's not true . 
  transferring hiv through lesbian sex is almost impossible . 
   from a biologic point of view what you are saying makes zero sense , so i 've concluded it 's catholic biology you 're talking about . 
  the fact that it 's a minority does not make it an abnormality/disorder . 
  being left handed makes you a minority , but it 's not abnormal to have you nerve fibers cross on the right side of the brain instead of left . 
  they did , but fortunately there has been much improvement in the last 4 years thanks to a left wing government . 
  i would guess it 's a croatian delicacy, 
  we gave burek the right to choose its identity . 
  now it can be variety of things ; meat , cheese , spinach , ... 
  not yet capable of making the same burek as in sarajevo , though . 
  od mesa :p,
