  you , too , if you have any questions , you can ask me . 
  i am from zagreb . 
  i remember this from 9gag, 
  because every country takes care of their interests the best they can , and croatia does n't want slovenia to have access to the international waters . 
  they are to fight montenegrin navy . 
  we know all your fish by names , we would never kill them !, 
  you have lots more on the adriatic seabed, 
  tax avoidance did not reflect badly on the party , they are people without shame . 
  their voters will still vote for them because they are usually those who suffered during communism and are afraid that sdp is still communist ( even though the league of communists split into sdp and hdz ) . 
  no , he is not 21 years old but they have been friends for 21 years . 
  the same is in croatia , rural areas vote right , while urban vote left . 
  also , more developed regions ( north , istria , zagreb , rijeka ) vote left sometimes over 70 % . 
  enjoy your holiday , istria is similar to tuscany . 
  do n't miss the brijuni islands ( this was a summer residence of josip broz tito , lol ) . 
  well the party h\u010csp contains ` clean ' in it 's name , but it 's impossible to prove what it refers to . 
  though , it 's a far,far,far-right party of nazis . 
  they do n't even hide it . 
  i respect them more than certain hdz members who pretend they are not nazis . 
  they at least have the courage to say who they are . 
  i do n't know anymore how long sanaders sentence is , he was almost released last year , actually . 
  thankfully , his bail was rejected . 
  current hdz is lead by t. karamarko , the most hated politician according to all polls , yet his party gets 29 % . 
  he does n't speak a single foreign language and is n't the brightest . 
  during the campaign he was asked to name 5 main reforms but could n't remember them all . 
  the people he is surrounded with are former high-positioned party members , who go from one leader to another . 
  t.karamarko was [ handed ] ( http://www.zadarskilist.hr/media/base/karamarko_v0001.jpg ) the hdz membership card by former pm and hdz president jadranka kosor . 
  later he beat her in election and kicked her out of the party because ` she spoke against the party and caused it harm ' . 
  i think that tells a lot about his personality . 
  as for the corruption , he said few weeks ago that moral is a relative term . 
  the minister of veterans , for example , had to resign after only a week in office , after it was discovered that he is registered to live in a wooden hut in a rural area , while living in a different place so he would n't have to pay the tax . 
  karamarko still sees nothing wrong about it and says that the minister left because of the pressure of the media . 
  this is when he said that moral is relative . 
  this caused an outrage among citizens . 
  he is now planning to appoint his friend of 21 years , milijan brki\u0107 , as the minister , who copied 70 % of his diploma and was originally planned to become the minister , but was veto-ed by most . 
  i voted for a green party orah ( sustainable development of croatia ) as an alternative to sdp , but it failed to win any seats . 
  the party was de facto only one with a real program and it was advocating the danish model of regionalisation ( we have 21 regions and it 's extremely expensive ) . 
  sdp and hdz were , of course , against it since they have ` clients ' in regions , their people employed in public service who support/vote for them in elections . 
  is danish model of regions good or bad , in your opinion and general opinion of the danes ? 
  do n't worry , i 'm used to germans . 
  a lot of them come here , too . 
  my eyes are even used to seeing nudist germans . 
  thanks for the tips about arhus and copenhagen . 
  i 've heard a lot about copenhagen , not so much about arhus except university , tbh . 
  i will look it up . 
  how did you travel to croatia ? 
  because i rarely see any danish cars , while i see a ton swedes and dutch , so i suppose you mostly come by plane . 
  we also have reds and blues . 
  our president even changed the carpet in her residence from red to blue when she took office . 
  - . - i really do n't realize what a ridiculous country i live in until i sum it all up in one text , on one place . 
  lep pozdrav sosed . 
  well , i expect it to be somewhere close to slovenia , probably something less . 
  it was at 49 % in 2006. , but no research has been made since then . 
  it is widespread in touristy coastal areas and areas around zagreb , but it probably gets worse towards the east . 
  sdp under z.milanovi\u0107 also lost the eu parliament election twice ( croatia had them 2 years in a row because we joined in 2013 and the next ones were in 2014 ) , local/regional elections and presidential election . 
  he surrounded himself with the incompetent ministers because they were good servants to him . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't have anything against centre-right parties , but hdz is the party of a former pm ivo sanader , who is currently serving 10 years in prison for corruption and national betrayal . 
  a lot of his former ` servants ' are now serving the new boss of hdz acting like they never knew sanader that well . 
  no , hdz is not most to the right , at least they say so , even though they do n't act like it . 
  they call themselves right-centre . 
  however , they gathered a pre-election coalition around them , called ` patriotic coalition ' , which contained many far-right parties like hsp , h\u010csp ( croatian clean right 's party-clean referring to ethnically clean ) and hrast ( very homophobic and religious , their president says he has never masturbated in his life ) . 
  it is necessary to get rid of milanovi\u0107 because sdp under him is not a modern social-democratic party . 
  it is embarrassing for a s&d party to have less than 40 % of women on lists for the election , even though it 's against the law ( which their government introduced , but they rather chose to pay the fine instead of having 40 % of women , which lead to protests and losing a huge number of votes ) . 
  people are tired of arrogant milanovi\u0107 and if he wins for the president of sdp , sdp will crumble apart . 
  i 'm glad you liked croatia and sailing is the best way to explore it since there are so many hidden , reserved spots to relax at . 
  if you have n't already been , i suggest you to visit paklinski otoci near hvar and the blue cave . 
  it is not inappropriate to talk about politics in cro , but most of the people will just say that all politicians are the same and wo n't show much interest in further discussion . 
  unfortunately , i have n't yet been to denmark , but will most certainly one day visit legoland . 
  how is your ` new ' goverment , better or worse than thorning-schmidt ? 
  i ca n't hide that i 'm not very happy with her as a s&d losing office . 
  are pre-election coalitions allowed in denmark ? 
  to me , there is not too many differences between hdz and most . 
  most of the most members are coming from even righter backgrounds , some even from failed far-right parties that were fighting against lgbt rights . 
  they are opportunists so they joined most and put a mask on ( like hdz has been doing for two decades ) and avoided any social questions , stating that they do n't want to divide the society on ` unimportant issues ' . 
  they jumped in polls in less than 2 months after constant propaganda in the media . 
  the best party to govern croatia is sdp if they finally get rid of its current president , zoran milanovic ( ex-pm ) . 
  yes , unlike helle thorning-schmidt , he did not resign even after losing the election , he instead decided to run again for the president of sdp . 
  social-democrats received the most votes , but neither did they or right-wing hdz have enough seats for the government . 
  most , third largest party , which collected votes ( left and right ) on populism and no one knew where they stand , decided to align with right-wingers . 
  well , french , italian and romansh are official languages in switzerland , yet most of the swiss citizens do n't speak them . 
  hey !, 
  we were not even involved in the research since it 's obvious that we 're all fluent speakers . 
  slovenia is quite impressive , too . 
  i wonder where we stand but i guess we do n't exist . 
  instead of using the rise of negative image of the us in europe , you dig yourself deeper everyday , russia . 
  what did you do to zeus to anger him so much ? 
  the fall of putin, 
  he was appointed as a result of a compromise because no party had enough seats in the parliament to form the government . 
  he was not a member of any party so he does not really have much influence on the parties that appointed him , so he can only obey the first deputy prime minister , tomislav karamarko , who is already talking about decisions of the government before consulting with pm . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/what-were-the-ustasa-for-minister-hasanbegovic--02-12-2016 & nbsp ; http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/croatian-government-burdened-by-culture-minister-hasanbegovic-02-24-2016 & nbsp ; http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/croatian-parliament-endorses-again-ww2-bleiburg-commemoration-02-05-2016, 
  the subject is to list three crisis in your opinion . 
  this is my opinion and numbers do not represent importance . 
  you would agree that external debt is strongly connected to lousy economy . 
  1 . almost openly fascist government , 2 . population decline , 3 . external debt ( almost 90 % of gdp ), 
  as i can read , the contract is part of your constitution . 
  that does not make it any better , but croatia signed the contracts with vatican which are completely against the croatian constitution . 
  also no tax on anything whatsoever , whereas ordinary mortals have to pay 25 %, 
  religion classes were just an example . 
  what about so much property in exclusive areas that the church owns , many of them stolen from jews and never returned . 
  for the worth of all that property you could feed half of the african continent . 
  the problem is they 've spread outside their territory .
