  extremely cheesy, 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://en.as.com/en/2016/03/15/football/1458053087_660971.html ), 
  attack on a hospital is a war crime, 
  no , they were not hostages . 
  the hospital was bombed . 
  yeah , hrvoje would be more like a stereotypical name , rather than the most common one . 
  like janez for slovenia or mujo for bosnia . 
  i was n't talking about litral translation , but when you name an average british man it 's john smith . 
  when you name an average croat it 's ivan horvat . 
   pretty sure the roma could get help to get out of their clans if they wanted to . 
  if you were an uneducated and backward roma person , and the majority of them is , there is a big chance that you would do nothing else than obey the person who is blackmailing you . 
  what about those ` doctors without borders ' who were killed in syria by us bombing ? 
  i wonder what would happen if some other non-us ally did something like that ... 
  maybe they 're not starving . 
  maybe they are begging so they do n't get beaten up later because they did n't bring enough money to the boss/owner . 
  i do n't know , but they certainly need that money , desperately . 
  yes . 
  ivan horvat is croatian for john smith . 
  true , it 's very often organized among roma beggars . 
  i do n't know what happens to those who do n't collect enough money , but they are probably so persistent for a reason , maybe even a worse one than starving . 
  greece is ` new europe ' ? 
  no , i 'm saying they do n't have time to think about humiliation . 
  they have other things on their minds , like feeding their children , so they do n't have a choice other than taking the money . 
  their problems are bigger than the problem of being humiliated , that 's why they became beggars in the first place . 
  i know , i did n't literally mean that they are croats , but i always thought horvat was exclusively croatian surname . 
  beggars do n't have time to think about humiliation . 
  if they do n't take the money they will starve , which is not a choice . 
  they do n't have a choice . 
  bless you, 
  ` dobar tek ' in croatian . 
  i know that in bosnia and serbia they say ` prijatno ' , which means ` pleasantly ' in literal translation . 
  [ bon appetit !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umjjjzmoxzq ), 
  that makes sense . 
  we also have surnames like \u010ceh ( czech ) , ma\u0111ar / ma\u0111arac ( hungarian ) , bo\u0161njak ( bosniak ) , hercegovac ( hercegovian ) and rus ( russian ) but they are not the most common ones . 
  yes , that 's where we came from , apparently ... 
  are there that many croats in slovakia ? 
  yes , yes . 
  in croatia we buy 10 extra tvs just in case . 
  every time when i was at my grandma 's during a storm we had to turn off the tv in the middle of something interesting and unplug every single plug , roll down the blinds on the windows and be sure to wear slippers . 
  also , you had to hide from the plugs because we believed they would absorb the lightning and shoot the electricity at us . 
  if you do n't change your swimsuit after exiting the sea/pool you will get bladder infection which will lead to infertility . 
  that 's german, 
  she also lived in medvedgrad castle near zagreb and left a big influence in northern croatia . 
  well it 's not really a romantic legend . 
  i mean , i do n't know if it counts as a tragic love story , but she was apparently known for murdering her lovers in gruesome ways . 
  she got the adjective ` black ' because she was always wearing black and doing black magic , and the fact that she was very cruel . 
  the legend also says she sold her soul to the devil so that he would save us from the turks . 
  after her death she became a snake which is now looking after its gold hidden in the zagreb 's underground tunnels . 
  hayir , i already watched it all . 
  turkish soaps air in prime time so it 's not my fault !, 
  what about hurrem and suleyman ? 
  am i watching too many soap operas ? 
  i 'll try to learn russian and see what happens . 
  there is no f ****** way i 'm learning chinese . 
  we also have a legend about fridrik and veronika . 
  more popular tragic love story is the one told in zlatarovo zlato ( goldsmith 's gold ) . 
  it 's about the forbidden love between dora krupi\u0107eva and pavao gregorijanec . 
  more popular legend related to fridrik and veronika is about fridrik 's sister , barbara celjska , better known as crna kraljica ( black queen ) . 
  do you have legends about her ? 
  well that escalated quickly !, 
  well , you do n't have to win every year , sweden . 
  everyone is serbian . 
  it has been historically and scientifically proven that even tyrannosaurus rex himself was identifying as a serb . 
  sweden : volvo , ikea , simple uk : classy --  drunk transformers hungary : megszents\u00e9gtelen\u00edthetetlens\u00e9gesked\u00e9seitek\u00e9rt finland : white walkers , minimalist designers denmark : lego , quiet and reserved netherlands : windmills , tulips and weed , progressive belgium : allahu akbar ireland : cheerful , friendly , pale , ginger , freckles spain : loud , football , bulls portugal : brazil , c.ronaldo italy : crazy driving , loud , short , ferrari slovenia : vignette czech r. and slovakia : adventurous ( croatian mountain rescue service confirms ) , atheistic germany : strict and efficient , darth vader austria : athletic , musical , germans with souls greece : rich history , bankrupt , philosophy poland : catholic , conservative , bad in handball france : complaining , stylish, 
  have you seen videos of him 20 years ago ? 
  yeah , he was crazy way before . 
  there is a party called \u017divi zid ( human blockade ) in croatia and they always compare themselves to m5s . 
  they are populist af . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  amazon , ebay and fashion sites . 
  it 's kinda annoying that they usually do n't ship large items outside of the country where they 're located . 
  whereas in [ croatia ] ( http://www.index.hr/black/clanak/kurva-pivo-i-zabranjena-biljka-ovaj-rijecki-semafor-je-totalni-hit/877833.aspx ) ... 
  1169 , according to wikipedia . 
  it also says it has 100.000 m \u00b2 of floor area . 
  that 's what a church is supposed to look like , not like a spaceship . 
  you forgot the queen of socialism , [ mamutica ] ( http://zkahlina.ca/cro/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/mamutica01.jpg ), 
  we hate everyone . 
  we are a mix of different people groups , that 's the scientific consensus . 
  there is n't a historian consensus . 
  our language definitely did not come from iran , it came from slavs . 
  there are different theories of croatian descent , some even suggest that we 're goths , but dna does n't lie , according to which we are mostly slavic . 
  that 's a lie . 
  the attack happened during winter months , when montenegrins are in the deep state of hibernation . 
  they are building a fence on slovakian and mexican border . 
  you were wrong, 
  thank god there are no unesco world heritage sites around , otherwise they would go full bomb-mode . 
  * cough * dubrovnik * cough *, 
  in today 's croatian it is usually linked to word ' \u0161iba ' , which means ` rod ' or ` stick ' . 
  so \u0160ibenik means ` surrounded by sticks ' . 
  since croats came from places around carpathian mountains , they used a word similar to ' \u0161ibenik ' to describe a place where people were executed . 
  today a word like that is not used , but it is still in use in other slavic languages . 
  so it 's likely that the city was named after a hill , which is today above it , where gallows were . 
   prettiest coast in adriatic sea bitch , you did not, 
   russian state pollster wciom reports i am suprised it 's not 98 %, 
  yes, 
  because australia would then use slovenian ports instead of croatian . 
  it 's more similar to novi sad than belgrade , in my opinion . 
  yeah , not the best idea to go on that game since dinamo and hajduk are big rivals and fights are not rare between torcida and bbb . 
  do n't go on a game if you go to zagreb because the stadium is embarrassing .
