  no , it 's [ candy ] ( http://cliparts.co/cliparts/ki8/nkg/ki8nkgebt.png ) candy . 
  since you know all the brands , do you by any chance know what are those hard black portuguese candy called . 
  they come in a white package and they have soft filling inside . 
  to me it does n't matter who owns it currently . 
  that will always change . 
  similar to mini , it 's owned by germans but it 's simply not a german car . 
  seat , porto wine , dacia, 
  czech republic - \u0160koda romania - dacia slovenia - cockta croatia - vegeta serbia - zastava/yugo, 
  i just found his comment hilarious , i 'm not being unfriendly . 
  i wish albanians acted like this in croatia ... 
  the most important reason was a recession that yugoslavia was in after tito 's death . 
  nothing was perfect anymore and everyone blamed each other for it . 
  slovenia and croatia were wealthier than the rest of yugoslavia so they wanted to leave . 
  this is when the nationalism kicks in . 
  that can be told for most of the countries, 
  sometimes a comment is sarcastic even if it does n't have ' / s ' at the end, 
  are ukrainians surprised that he is involved in this ? 
  because he always looked very corrupt to me , idk why . 
  not that i know anything about him , i was judging him by his physical appearance . 
  i 'm proud of how enviromentally conscious we are , considering most of our factories are either closed or in the process of closure, 
  then denmark is not in europe , either . 
  if the main argument is where the biggest territory of the country is , denmark is in north america ... 
  okay i edited the post , i was thinking of sfr yugoslavia, 
  well idk how people see her walking style, 
  more like a hippopotamus, 
  it 's actually crossing the border . . 
  just realistic, 
  ` again ' , as if it was ever great, 
  it is in eu 's interest to create more markets where it can place it 's products . 
  you ca n't sell products in countries where no one has money to buy them . 
  also , eu lends money to undeveloped countries so in order to get that money back , with huge interest rates , the economies which borrowed the money have to grow . 
  told you ... 
  his name is [ m\u00e5ns ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lsnfhlbae5e/vnzeyx6hbgi/aaaaaaaarby/mk2ee4adywq/s1600/m%25c3%25a5ns%2bzelmerl%25c3%25b6w%2beurovision-naked.jpg ), 
  okay , you do n't like him . 
  but did you forget who the host is ? 
  yes !, 
  i thought this eurovision was going to be boring !, 
  so what are you saying , that estonians are well educated on sexuality but they just do n't like using condoms ? 
  sexual education *, 
  why not ? 
  if people can believe in supernatural holy creatures , why ca n't i believe in harry potter ? 
  the number is similar to croatia and slovenia , if you take into consideration that serbia 's population is more than slovenia 's and croatia 's combined . 
  it 's possible that more people are getting tested . 
  the same reason is for bosnia , montenegro and macedonia , people probably do n't get tested as often there so they do n't even know they are hiv positive . 
  did you know that hiv infection rates in russia and ukraine are the highest in europe ? 
  it 's about education , and denying that gay people exist is not education . 
  but you ca n't really compare european countries with the middle east , in saudi arabia women are n't even allowed to drive . 
  in many countries they are separated from men by law/social norm . 
  in europe that 's not the case , anywhere . 
  compare the literacy rate and level of education among women in europe and there . 
  in europe , women now make the majority of university students in most of the countries . 
   did they do large national campagins no , but lgbt community is now much better represented in the media . 
  movies and tv series with gay characters were not very often on tv before 2011 . 
  stories about lgbt people became much more often , especially about trans people . 
  it 's mostly about croats becoming more mature , they realize that the west is more and more accepting towards lgbt community and they do n't want to be associated with other balkan countries . 
   she wasnt allowed to eat when he eats , she only was allowed to leave the appartment to shop groceries ( she had to present him the bill afterwards so he can check the time ) , he treathend her to kill her when she leaves him no , that 's not what couples live like . 
  that 's characteristic for abusers anywhere in the world and they usually end up in prison or killing their gf/wife and then themselves . 
  she was the conservative candidate . 
  in the polls she was behind the progressive candidate . 
  the government was social-democrat , and yes , their lousy economy results did help her win the election . 
  2011 was the year when the conservatives were still in power , the government was conservative and the mayor of split was a conservative clown , he was [ even on reddit ] ( http://arhiva.alo.rs/resources/img/20-05-2013/intext_big/500733-35.jpg ) a few days ago . 
  in 2011 sdp took power and they ruled until a few months ago , a huge progress was made concerning lgbt rights . 
  the support for same-sex marriage rose from 17 % to 37 % in 4 years . 
  if they won the second term , i believe the support would rise over 50 % . 
  unfortunately , their poor economic results made a lot of citizens to vote for the 3rd option . 
  now we are in the hands of catholic church again . 
  there is a respectable number of muslims in eastern europe , 1,5 percent in my country . 
  the difference is that they are very well integrated , they live in the same neighbourhoods as others , not in ghettos like in western europe . 
  some of the most popular local celebrities are muslim . 
  but they are from bosnia , not from the middle east . 
  it does n't matter that the immigrants are muslim , their values are not the same . 
  i experienced this while i was volunteering in a refugee camp in croatia when a young man called me a ` blonde whore ' and a group of 10-15 men started laughing . 
  they did n't understand there is anything wrong with calling a woman something like that , because that 's normal where they come from . 
  you ca n't deny that there has n't been a rise in rape since the refugee crisis , why are germans introducing gender separation on public transport ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.izbori.hr/106pre/rezult/2/rezultati.html ) are the results of the presidential election . 
  i do n't know if she won any of the 4 major cities , maybe osijek . 
  but she won in all the poorest , most backward counties . 
  you can see on the interactive map , when you click on the counties , that she lost in the north and west , in istria she won only 20 % . 
  those counties are known to be predominantly urban . 
  however , in lika , one of the most backward counties , she won almost 70 % of the vote . 
  meet [ josipa rimac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josipa_rimac ) , the former mayor of the biggest shit-hole in croatia , known to attract the most primitive people from all over croatia when there is a celebration of independence . 
  she was 25 when first elected . 
  she gave up her position to become a mp , hoping to get into government . 
  are you serious ? 
  rural population basically elected the president of croatia , who happens to be a female with a family . 
  polish prime minister is also a woman . 
  not that many women as leaders in western europe , though . 
   it 's indeed clear that you 're eastern european and live in a bubble where everyone who 's different is scary that 's exactly what you said, 
   probably because he is jewish wow ... so progressive, 
  you are calling the entire eastern europe a bubble of xenophobes . 
  that 's very xenophobic of you . 
  how do you explain the rise of violence and crime ? 
  i think i know the answer , but i would like to hear your opinion . 
  if scandis have shelters that are half as good as their prisons , i think it 's not that bad to be homeless , either . 
  in croatia 99 % of the muslims are bosniaks who are culturally similar to any other europeans and they are very often married to a croatian spouse . 
  yes , i was born in zagreb . 
  you do n't have to worry about nightlife , it might not be nearly as crazy as in belgrade , but there are plenty of places to go out . 
  the public transport is well connected and trams are the main transportation mean , but the obvious downside is that there is no metro . 
  on the plus side , housing is quite affordable , even in the city center , from where everything you need is reachable on foot . 
  the medical school is located in a nice upper-class neighborhood , but you have to walk up [ these ] ( http://www.trcanje.hr/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/10-schlosserove-stube.jpg ) everyday to get there .
