  maybe somewhere in the pacific, 
  poor austria , still nothing for them, 
  dubrovnik county \u2260 dubrovnik, 
  how is dubrovnik county green , but not istria , rijeka ? 
  montenegro was occupied ? 
  habsburg empire-ottoman empire border . 
  they just take over the entire thread and it 's the exact same thing over and over , usually it 's users whose sole purpose of existence on reddit is to circlejerk about the 1990s war . 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.total-croatia-news.com/item/12744-coca-cola-designs-a-special-bottle-dedicated-to-dubrovnik ) nope , they just have those for fun . 
  she has a photo of hillary and herself in her office ... 
  could we potentially also get some money from germany and italy ? 
  you should also be ashamed of your terrible bigotry , which , as it is evident , you are n't ashamed to express . 
  and how exactly do you think you are different than them with this comment ? 
  okay , i can agree with that , even though i still would n't call it a parliament , but a government . 
  however , the delegates of the nc still ignored the decision of the central committee about the unification requirements during the negotiations with the kingdom of serbia . 
  so even if we do look at the nc as our legal parliament , the decision on unification requirements made by its delegates was different from the positions they were obliged to represent . 
  the national council was n't a parliament , it was referred to as the government of shs . 
  the sabor was n't abolished once the nc was formed , next time you could just fully read what you linked before you post it . 
  national council is not a parliament . 
  our parliament is called sabor . 
  does n't change its illegality status . 
   reading all of the declarations from zagreb and split in 1918 about the unification of south slavs into one state ( not serbia ! , but a mutual kingdom ) makes me think otherwise . 
  the declaration which was never approved by the croatian parliament ... 
  not necessarily , if there will be more food for the great whites , they will come , too . 
  now they are very rare , but they do exist ( last attack was in 2008 ) . 
  like sharks , for example ... 
  it has to be something as stupid as `` aryan race '' and something that the germans would get , but once i have skills in video editing , maybe i think of something . 
  this is about a fictional race , i 'm white and blond and i do n't identify with the ones they 're making fun of . 
  i wonder if anyone thought of putting some protection or something in '' vulnerable '' doors of the atolls , so the people can carelessly swim inside without the fear of sharks :d, 
  but belongs to a european country ? 
  i thought it was ours, 
  because karl marx was german, 
  you can always escape it and visit the beautiful coast of sr croatia . 
  like i mentioned when this was posted on / r/mapporn , ivica todori\u0107 is probably no longer anywhere close to being the richest croat , since his business collapsed earlier this year . 
  and even if it did n't , slavica ecclestone would still be much richer than him , but i guess it 's not convenient to list her because of how she acquired her wealth ( divorce ) . 
   being a former republic of yugoslavia in the balkans , it was often frowned upon for being the most developed part of the country , contrary to the other parts , like the czech republic . 
  it took me way too long . . 
   it 's pretty much socially acceptable to have a few beers in town center , then drive back home . 
  no , it 's one beer , not a few beers . 
  after that it 's '' i ca n't , i 'm driving . '', 
   western europe in green yay, 
  it 's not odd , red represents stricter laws almost always . 
  you do n't say ? 
  goddamn you cersei, 
  wtf, 
  there is a live feed on / r/croatia https://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/6nuk32/live_po%c5%beari_%c5%beivodretva/, 
  i did ' t know that . 
  i thought of that roses festival they have . 
  i do n't get you two xd, 
  they love roses, 
  oh , god . 
  i hope this all ends well . 
  what scares me the most is that he is from my country and i 'm not sure if he has the required supervision and medicine . 
  it 's the same person as / u/trogz1 , / u/doveelg and many more , these are the only two i remember . 
  he keeps getting banned but tirelessly makes new accounts . 
  oh god . 
  and i thought this thread was a circlejerk about his high-pitched voice which sounds like dialing . 
  yes , but it lasts very shortly , a couple of hours every summer . 
  though there are summer storms which can get biblical . 
  there is n't a croatian either , we are either both multilingual or we know how to vacation without dying . 
  well you do n't need business class for such a short trip . 
  or a connecting flight with a stop in ... canada ? 
  czech and slovak were definitely put before german and italian on purpose, 
  you must be such a nice person to hang out with . . zagreb schnitzel is a part of our national cuisine , it does n't matter where it originated from . 
  and no one is claiming it originates from here ( non-jokingly ) , even if you visit the croatian sites about it , they say it 's a variation of wiener schnitzel . 
  same for sarma in croatia , sarmale in romania ... 
  and we use quite a lot of diminutives compared to serbs and bosnians ... 
  i guess still not enough to impress the poles . 
  well agram is still the same geographical location as zagreb :p, 
  i meant the time would be halved . 
  yeah , 9 $ is still affordable . 
  to me it 's a bit surprising that it 's more popular than rovinj and zadar . 
   the budapest-zagreb tran also takes ~ 6 hours and costs 6 $ . 
  that 's impressive if true . 
  still , i wish we had modern railways , then it would be at least half of that . 
  zagreb had 1.097.413 arrivals in 2016 , it 's not really insignificant . 
  [ the benelux is quite a tight union compared to the i3 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rvzmmt-auoo?t=4714 ) she has said before that it 's even not meant as a replacement for the v4 . 
   it even has comments and likes/dislikes features deactivated , so i guess it was n't received well . 
  all of the president 's videos have disabled likes/dislikes and comments . 
   is this supposed to be a new entity inside the eu ? 
  the photo you put for sibenik is also zara . 
  edit : [ this was included for \u0160ibenik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._nicholas_fortress ), 
  yay more unesco sites !, 
  not really , they are n't official regions , after all . 
  it will change the distribution of eu funds , as it will show a more specific picture of the development level . 
  now we have the most developed and the least developed regions all lumped together . 
  we do n't know yet ( it was announced in may ) , it was only mentioned that zagreb and slavonia would be separate statistical regions , contrary to what they are currently . 
  i 'm guessing the others would be istria + rijeka , dalmatia and the third one would be what is left , probably central croatia . 
  we have something just as horrible [ from the island of krk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_as8hfb1ak ), 
  soon we should have 5 statistical regions instead of 2 , so there should also be more colours . 
  is it an identity thing in croatia , though ? 
  i have never heard of anyone identifying with the 1500s and hating turks because of that . 
  i would even say that the attitude towards turkey was quite positive a few years back , before all this recent shit , but of course there is always a stigma towards any country where islam is the dominant religion . 
  source ? 
  but thanks anyway . 
  linden blossom is in june , therefore it 's lipanj . 
  please correct you climate !, 
  it 's so annoying when they do n't provide info for non-eu members . 
  ( okay , except switzerland and norway ),
