  there is a mutual dislike between our two nations because of the border disputes , but it 's in healthy doses . 
  no , but eu citizens should perhaps be able to obtain citizenship in shorter time than citizens from other countries . 
  so it 's vatican, 
  the kingdom of enclava, 
  are you wondering because those bloody priests are not giving you peace with their house blessings ? 
  some people believe they will get a cold from being on a draft , it does n't matter if it 's the middle of summer . 
  i guess it 's a cultural thing , there are also some other similar things like this . 
  for example , if you go outside on the wind with your hair wet , you will get meningitis . 
  if you walk barefoot , you 'll get pneumonia . 
  if you sit on the cold floor , you will get a bladder infection ... 
  religion is not really a part of my life , but i do hope that we do n't really die after death ... 
  i am a christened roman catholic , but i do n't exactly feel much connection to that religion as it 's far too restrictive for my understandings of what god could be , if it actually exists . 
  so let 's say i 'm agnostic . 
  do n't open windows . 
  in other words , draft is not acceptable . 
  people are extremely sensitive about that , especially the elderly in public transportation . 
   autonomy as in they would get their own parliaments and stuff ? 
  no , they would have one main administrative center per region which would plan the development and manage the distribution of resources across the region . 
   ( also , why are those areas named so weird ? 
  they should be just called dalmatia , slavonia & baranja , istria & rijeka , croatia proper and northern ) they would probably be called like that , this is just a concept . 
   rearranging those boundaries would just mean that it would be gerrymandered to shit and that the zupans would get even more money each . 
  if the regionalization is done proberly , they would n't . 
  [ this ] ( http://kckzz.hr/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/20130927-vl-podjela-5-regija-ilustracija.png ) is the most common proposal of the regionalization + zagreb for itself . 
  larger regions would have more autonomy and they would be more effective in withdrawing as much money as possible from the eu funds . 
   larger municipalities means that youd need to spend more per municipality great , better that than spending money on political clientelism . 
  it is absurd that we have the same number of administrative regions as france and 30 more municipalities than the netherlands . 
  every administrative region has their own '' \u017eupan '' , deputy '' \u017eupan '' , secretary ... and , of course , it 's not appropriate if '' \u017eupan '' drives anything worse than an audi a6 . 
  yeah , except there is a weird definition of town in croatia so that any shithole can have a status of town . 
  no , it would n't cause an anarchy . 
  we have 428 municipalities , while denmark , for example , has 98 . 
   life is beautiful my favourite movie of all time, 
  we have 21 regions , when we only need 5 . 
  and who knows how many municipalities . 
  that 's ineffective and expensive . 
  and it 's not going to change unless those two parties disappear because their clients ( voters ) are employed in the public sector . 
  there are countless examples like this , we also do n't have vignette yet most likely due to the fact that '' party clients '' are employed in the tollbooths ... 
  can we be autocratic ? 
  i would ban the two biggest political parties and their members from being in politics or public service . 
   not all religions are created equal . 
  christianity is the foundation of western ethical systems and political philosophy christianity is a religion based on the bible , cmiiw, 
  * if , however , the charge is true and no proof of the young woman 's virginity can be found , she shall be brought to the door of her father 's house and there the men of her town shall stone her to death . 
  she has done an outrageous thing in israel by being promiscuous while still in her father 's house . 
  you must purge the evil from among you . 
  * - deuteronomy 22:20 -21, 
  different every year . 
  this year it was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4gqor6k46c ), 
  pipa means faucet in croatian lol . 
  not to far off , though . 
  i know about that statue , they think it 's completely normal lol . 
  the opening was attended by the president of serbia and by the president of the serbs in bosnia . 
  they even had a little [ dress-up party ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cbosg3f.jpg ) . 
  i think they 're called paraguayan peaches here, 
   which did not happen - that proposition included that croatian and slovak counties could still use latin for as long as they wanted to . 
  according to the article i already linked you once ( page 10-11 ) that 's not all that was in that proposition and it was not formulated like that , was it ? 
  the * regnum regno non praescribit leges * was indeed the answer of our ban to the hungarian side of the parliament who tried to implement their laws in croatia . 
  the magyarization was real , it started slowly in 1790 and reached its peak in 1840s , but you seem to be denying it . 
   to what was it the reply then ? 
  to the hungarian request in the parliament in po\u017eun / bratislava in 1790 that hungarian should be the official language in croatia  but then after 1848 the efforts stopped again of course it stopped because the hungarian side lost  even after the treason from jelacic hungary gave the croats some leeway from magyarization the '' treason '' from jela\u010di\u0107 was a treason to magyarization . 
  so he is a traitor to those who supported the ideas of magyarization . 
   and hungary even recognized dalmatia as part of croatia so generous ... 
   because croatia helped them in the war ? 
  why would anyone believe that austria would be merciful when it gained power back ? 
  croatia wanted to get rid of the hungarians , because hungary oppressed its autonomy . 
  that 's it . 
  i guess they could n't have known if austria would be merciful or not . 
   that is something you claim without any sources , and i never heard this in hungary either . 
  people usually romanticized the idea of a hungary enclosed by the carpathians , surrounded on all sides by huge mountains . 
  nobody cared about croatia in the early 1840s lajos kossuth pleaded in the newspaper pesti hirlap for rapid magyarization : `` let us hurry , let us hurry to magyarize the croats , the romanians , and the saxons , for otherwise we shall perish '' . in 1842 he argued that hungarian had to be the exclusive language in public life . 
  he also stated that in one country it is impossible to speak in a hundred different languages . 
  there must be one language and in hungary this must be hungarian . 
  zsigmond kem\u00e9ny supported a multinational state led by magyars , but he disapproved kossuth 's assimilatory ambitions . 
  istv\u00e1n sz\u00e9chenyi , who was more conciliatory toward other ethnic groups , criticized kossuth for `` pitting one nationality against another '' . 
  he promoted the magyarization of non-hungarians on the basis of the alleged `` moral and intellectual supremacy '' of the hungarian population . 
  but he felt that first hungary itself must be made worthy of emulation if magyarization was to succeed . 
  ** however the radical view on magyarization of kossuth gained more popular support than the moderate one of sz\u00e9chenyi . 
  the slogan of the magyarization campaign was one country -- one language -- one nation . 
  ** ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magyarization )  that could n't possibly have been the reply , because as i said , there was no such law . 
  according to the same article i already linked you , there was a proposition to make it a mandatory language ( to learn as second language , which is a thing in every country even today btw ) , but the habsburgs said no to that as well . 
  i mean for fucks sake , in hungary , hungarian only became state language in 1844 , how could they possibly have mandatory hungarian when it was n't even the state language ? 
  but it was the reply . 
  the kingdom of croatia did not exist in reality under hungary , it was disunited , it existed only on paper . 
  why would anyone believe that hungary would be more '' merciful '' when it gains even more power ? 
  hungarians openly supported the idea of sole hungary from carpathians to the adriatic , i never said that it did span to the adriatic . 
  they did want to make hungarian an official language in croatia and introduce the hungarian legislation . 
  they did n't want croatian autonomy because they were justifiably afraid of panslavism . 
  croats , on the other hand , supported the federalization . 
  anyway , hungarians could have gotten in power before 1848. , because charles iii did n't have a male heir apparent and only men could inherit the throne . 
  hungarians then used the right to choose a king , but disputed the right of croatia to give their opinion . 
  so croatia decided to support the female habsburg claimant after charles iii is dead . 
   according to this new policy , in universities they use latin . 
  in the first three classes of middle schools ( in grammatics classes ) instead of german they must use the native language of the students . 
  where most of the students speak hungarian , they should use hungarian , which we wish to spread to the whole country . 
  in so-called normal schools we do n't want to neglect the teaching of any language ; we only wish that hungarian , as the proper language of this country , is given special attention . 
  to which the croatian side replied with : regnum regno non praescribit leges !, 
  ( one kingdom can not prescribe laws to another kingdom ), 
  croatian lands were disunited and hungarian language was forced upon in schools in 1790. , in order to '' hungarianize '' croatia and create a hungary from carpathians to the adriatic . 
  the croats , on the other hand , perceived themselves as equal to hungary , not a part of hungary . 
  i mean , it 's debatable if jela\u010di\u0107 would have gotten the same from the hungarians as he did from the habsburgs , but it certainly did n't look like that . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3d/trijalisti%c4%8dki_prijedlog_prema_nzb_1910.png/800px-trijalisti%c4%8dki_prijedlog_prema_nzb_1910.png ) was the croatian goal from the day we lost our independence , and we achieved it in 1918 , too bad that austria-hungary fell apart 7 days later lol, 
  croats were oppressed by hungary even before , so it was nothing new .
