seriously , how hard is it to get that right ? 
  alas , i guess one needs to check their sources before one proceeds to publication . 
  and that is something that fox news does not seem to excel at !, 
  you should include already existing high-speed rail connections . 
  there is one between london and bruxelles , via lille . 
  no detour via paris is needed . 
  this is a parody of an existing video , which shows the exact opposite . 
  softly spoken words in various languages , while the german words were pronounced very hard . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  the states at the external border of the schengen area are required by law to do exactly what hungary does : secure the external border . 
  it is a shame that the costs that arise from this duty are not paid by the union . 
  please yes , but keep it part of the existing institutions . 
  like a subset of meps , i.e. , those meps from the respective participating countries ? 
  edit : typo . 
  weird . 
  i would rather give the answer to a pupil 's question and subtract some points for it , than leave them in the dark and not being able to answer at all . 
  ca n't they ask the teacher to explain the meaning ? 
  to put this in perspective : that 's 1/16 of the greek sovereign debt . 
  that would be excellent . 
  any increase of greek revenue is a good thing . 
  it will be difficult from a foreign policy pov , though . 
  but that should take a backseat to getting greece out of debt !, 
  i think the german reunification might have been an influence . 
  thanks !, 
  i had not remembered the second part !, 
  does n't that clause say : no state can be held _ liable _ for another state 's debt ? 
  it does n't say : a state ca n't volontarily pay another state 's debt . 
  thanks !, 
  is that variation of 2.37 points year on year ? 
  or quarter on quarter ? 
  sz reports at least one fatality . 
  police confirms . 
  because it is the law of the land . 
  the eu member states are all sovereign , and their heads of state can meet with whomever they want . 
  nobody can prohibit them from doing this . 
  however , this is very likely not a session of the eu council , i.e. , they can not make any decisions for the whole of the eu without the uk ' prime minister . 
  it depends . 
  infrastructure and border control : no . 
  education : yea . 
  subsidiarity is a good thing in my opinion , and a foundation of how the eu works . 
  and a question to you : your central government makes the decision to cripple your region/community . 
  would you like it ? 
  i would n't like it . 
  the choice would then be : acceptance or exit of eu . 
  that is the essence of democracy . 
  the majority decides !, 
  i asked for an example . 
  one was given in the other answer to my question , which might interest you . 
  with respect to your other comment : i consider the handling of the sovereign-debt crisis as very democratic . 
  all eu nations voted on how to handle it , and the majority vote carried . 
  this is unfortunate for dissenters , but not undemocratic , in my opinion . 
  thanks . 
  i shall read that with interest !, 
  can you give an example of this happening ? 
  not unilaterally . 
  the uk agreed to it . 
  it comes with such things as single market access . 
  if you do n't like it , then leave . 
  do n't say it was imposed upon you . 
  that 's just not true . 
  i 'm quite aware what sparkassen are . 
  the link you provided talks about landesbanken , though . 
  i agree , those are a mess . 
  but i do n't think their collapse is imminent or harmful . 
  what about sparkassen ? 
  i 've never said that german economy should become weaker !, 
  the others european economies should catch up . 
  poland is doing an excellent job , for example . 
  just had hoped that france would n't drop the ball as much as they did : - /, 
  because it means a ) that the economies started to diverge again , and b ) that accusations of german political dominance will become rampant again . 
  both things that i 'm not comfortable with . 
  could we please not be that ? 
  because everybody makes mistakes , including police , procecutors , judges and juries . 
  and many people can be convinced , or can convince themselve , to admit to crimes they have not committed . 
  yes , this is a small number , but it is not zero . 
  i for one welcome not killing a small number of innocent people than killing a small number of criminals . 
  you simply can not resurrect an erroneously executed person !, 
  16 +1 + x personalities ? 
  not without a referendum !, 
  romania already * is * a member of the eu . 
  inform yourself !, 
  have been incoming for a long time . 
  nothing regarding freedom of movement of romanians changed recently . 
  stay on topic please . 
  that is not an office or bureau . 
  that is the elected parliament of the federal republic of germany . 
  what bureau ? 
  very much so . 
  the question here is : is it morally acceptable to withhold a pharmaceutical product from a severely ill person . 
  the german federal diet has answered in the negative . 
  these kind of posts make me really happy !, 
  in 2015 2598 students applied to study medicine . 
  of those 10 from lichtenstein and 45 from abroad . 
  i never said poland or its people are undeserving of reparations . 
  do n't put any words into my mouth !, 
  quite a loaded question . 
  no , i had not . 
  but i think you might have been indoctrinated to think that . 
  or you 're just trolling . 
  i 'm not sure as to which is worse .
