  i wrote : for the us , `` war has been a distant business for the last 150 years . '', 
  distant business means they were involved in those wars , but it never reached us soil . 
   the unification of all romanian speaking provinces into `` greater romania '' let 's just pretend [ the hungarians , the germans , the jews , the ukrainians , the bulgarians , the gypsies , the turks , etc. 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/romania_1930_ethnic_map_en.png ) did n't exist . 
  let 's just pretend that the biggest city in the world with a jewish majority in 1910 , cern\u0103u\u0163i or czernowitz or \u0427\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0456\u0432\u0446\u0456 , as it is called today , was a romanian city , and not a multi-cultural hotbed , probably the most important city in eastern europe when it comes to cultural achievements . 
   i 'd actually say that the eastern european countries fighting in the war were not wrong and it was not useless the warsyou are speaking about is not world war i. 
  it is the russian civil war . 
  for the russians it was a disaster which brought death in the long term . 
  for the baltic and polish people it was a redemption . 
  you do realize that the borders of poland were drawn in versailles , not by polish nationalists ? 
  exception was the eastern border where pilsudski incorporated territory which was not polish dominated but multi-national . 
  in that territority the pilsudski government basically did the same things as the prussians and the russians did to the polish people before 1918 . 
  the only war worth fighting is the war you want to volunteer in . 
  would you have volunteered in world war i on either side . 
  i would not ( given my hindsight judgment ) . 
  there was no good side or bad side . 
  it was an unneccessary bloodshed . 
  the german author bert brecht once said : just imagine , there is a war and nobody enlists . 
  we have to give them credit , though , that in their memory war was about a few heroic battles , campaigns in distant countries combined with a lot of diplomacy . 
  the wars of the 19th century in europe were n't exactly bloody and did n't put a toll on the population like the first world war did . 
  bismarck and wilhelm i were heroes because of their wars . 
  when the guarantuees were made and declarations of war were made no politician imagined what bloodbath was to come about . 
  on a related note , i think that is the reason why the us is still so eager to engage in wars . 
  for them , war has been a distant business for the last 150 years . 
  in 1914 it was the other way around . 
  the us still had living memory of the civil war which was far more bloody than any war fought in central europe . 
   the uk seems to have taken the first stance government regularly choose those stances that work out in their favour . 
  instances where government gave up on territories because the population wanted it are quite rare . 
  can we get independence from the german government ? 
  they are not the best representatives of our interests in europe . 
  you are an idiot . 
  as a well-educated german citizen i know that eastern european media channels are corrupted and not trust-worthy . 
  that 's what our media channels keep broadcasting . 
  our channels on the other hand , are not biased . 
  those who claim otherwise are biased . 
  france is pretty much obliged to help the saharan countries since they supported the fundamentalist militias fighting gaddafi . 
  the same militias are now bringing the fight to other countries in the region . 
   46 % - a german good to know . 
  i guess i have to get a second romanian girlfriend , just to be on the safe side . 
    two thirds of the muslims in western europe say that religious rules are more important to them than the laws of the country  that 's interesting because this pew research [ 1 ] from april this year shows that only 12 % of turkish muslims ( living in turkey ) want sharia as the official law of the country . 
  if you ask different questions , you get different answers . 
  whenever i see an ad for a product doing this , the company 's name gets taken down on the list of boycotted companies . 
  and half of them are russians . 
  those are the console gaming master race . 
  and i 'm not willing to give permission to the time magazine to post updates to my twitter account . 
  wtf ? 
   christmas is a pagan tradition if you want to know . 
  nope . 
  while some cultures incorporated pagan traditions into the christian feast , the feast itself is christian . 
  a form of government which is ruled by `` better '' people is yet to be found . 
  it is certainly not the case with democracy that the `` better '' people will govern . 
  that 's another example of youthful optimism . 
  long live the polish queen . 
  ooops , i forgot she is already immortal . 
  political riots in germany usually do n't include looting . 
  the question clearly speaks of `` protests '' , not of looters ( as in people trying to steal stuff ) . 
   looting and pillaging in the streets ? 
  that was not the scenario :  protesters have attacked public buildings . 
  a government who needs to kill its sovereign in order to stay in power has lost its justification . 
  if such things happen , the best course of action would be to tell everyone in government to stay at home , negotiate in person or step down . 
  government violence as an answer to protests will only nurture further violence . 
   deploy the army and stop the violence at the cost of some dead , or let the situation continue , hope it dies out on its own and count the resulting dead at the end ? 
  ... said every dictator ever ... 
  i do n't think the context was necessary . 
  the context is making the whole thing worse actually . 
  the author is correct to claim that eton students are trained to think that way . 
  look at the order of the questions : first , they have to describe the argument that a ruler has to rule by fear if necessary . 
  in ( b ) they have to describe their feeling about it . 
  ( `` unappealing '' ) in ( c ) , they have to argue why these feelings do n't matter and rule by fear is the way to go anyway . 
  the author is right . 
  this question is not designed to see both sides of the coin , but instead it aims the students to argue against their feelings or - to apply a philosophical term - their conscience . 
   ks % 202011 % 20general % 20paper % 201 . pdf [ 1 ] to bad they pulled that paper . 
  edit : i found the question here . 
  full text :  read the following passage [ from machiavelli 's prince ] and answer the questions below :  `` every prince ought to desire to be considered clement and not cruel ...  ... but fear preserves you by a dread of punishment which never fails ...  a prince must endeavour only to avoid hatred . '', 
   ( a ) in a maximum of 50 words , summarise the argument in the passage . 
   ( b ) explain , in your own words , to what extent you find the author 's arguments unappealing . 
   ( c ) the year is 2040 . 
  there have been riots in the streets of london after britain has run out of petrol because of an oil crisis in the middle east . 
  protesters have attacked public buildings . 
  several policemen have died . 
  consequently , the government has deployed the army to curb the protests . 
  after two days the protests have been stopped but twenty - five protesters have been killed by the army . 
  you are the prime minister . 
  write the script for a speech to be broadcast to the nation in which you explain why employing the army against violent protesters was the only option available to you and one which was both necessary and moral . 
  as it stands , the author of the newstateman article is on the right spot there . 
  only those who are investigated are corrupt . 
  the others are fine , seriously . 
  tell them you were a jw a few years ago . 
  they will avoid you . 
  michael moore told me that people in the us answer the doorbell with gun shots . 
  as a tax payer i 'm not fond of the idea subsidizing employers by allowing them to pay their employees low wages which then need to be subsidized by taxes . 
   taxes are already so , so high in germany not really , cf. 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_tax_in_european_countries the higher burden does n't come from the taxes , but from the social insurance fees which amount up to around 32 % of your income , no matter what how high the income is . 
  that means that low income wages pay a ridiculous percentage to the government compared to other countries . 
  i do n't know . 
   even on a state level this would end up in an endless debate . 
  the [ most popular ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/216493/umfrage/die-meistverkauften-biermarken-in-deutschland/ ) ( as in highest consumption ) beer is clearly , oettinger , followed by krombacher . 
   a democracy with no limits on what extremes it accepts to be voted in is at serious risk of not being a democracy for very long . 
  a democracy which puts up such limits is in even greater risk . 
  look , polan mad .
