  kohl basically overruled the concerns in his own party , alienating many members and voters . 
  inside his party , he acted like a dictator . 
  in a way , this led to the merkel-cdu , we have today , which is seen not as a conservative party any more , but as a party of opportunism . 
  the german ~ ~ constitution ~ ~ basic law ( grundgesetz ) does n't provide clauses for a referendum , so they would have needed to change the basic law before holding a referendum . 
  you son of a priest . 
  it was a sovereign city state until 1871 . 
  so it has quite the tradition being a micro-nation . 
  it 's noticeable . 
   do you see bavaria having diplomatic relationships with the vatican ? 
  yes . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bayerisches_konkordat_ ( 1924 ) - still valid . 
  it 's not only about monitoring . 
  quote :  `` parliament 's institutional communicators must have the ability to monitor public conversation and sentiment on the ground and in real time , to understand ` trending topics ' and ** have the capacity to react quickly , in a targeted and relevant manner , to join in and influence the conversation , for example ** , by providing facts and figures to deconstructing myths . '', 
  basically , the eu parliament is funding an astroturfing campaign . 
  granted , it is something companies do as well , but it is highly questionable . 
  not to forget dropbox . 
   romanian prosecutors need parliament 's approval to launch a criminal probe against mps . 
  so this was the supposed pro-corruption law . 
  let 's see the french constitution :  no member of parliament shall be arrested for a serious crime or other major offence , nor shall he be subjected to any other custodial or semi-custodial measure , without the authorization of the bureau of the house of which he is a member . 
  such authorization shall not be required in the case of a serious crime or other major offence committed flagrante delicto or when a conviction has become final . 
  german basic law :  ( 2 ) a member may not be called to account or arrested for a punishable offence without permission of the bundestag , unless he is apprehended while committing the offence or in the course of the following day . 
   ( 3 ) the permission of the bundestag shall also be required for any other restriction of a member 's freedom of the person or for the initiation of proceedings against a member under article 18 . 
   ( 4 ) any criminal proceedings or any proceedings under article 18 against a member and any detention or other restriction of the freedom of his person shall be suspended at the demand of the bundestag . 
  it sounds like romania was only adapting their law to european standards . 
  it can mean active killing by `` death pills '' , denial of medical treatment , denial of ( artificial ) nutrition , denial of life-extending machines , etc. 
  many different issues whose ethical dimensions can be answered differently . 
   medical assistance in accelerating the death what is that supposed to mean ? 
  surveys are worthless if they ask such vague questions . 
  back in the day , it was n't called abuse . 
  it was called sexual liberation . 
  daniel cohn-bendit did it as well . 
  the public funding for these foundations needs to be scrapped completely . 
   while the party i support ( piratenpartei ) does n't have one ( yet ) , afaik , i doubt that it 's a priority for them to change anything major about that . 
  that 's because the upper ranks of the german pirate party are already full of people who do n't give a shit about the pirate principle and only care about their personal enrichment . 
  exactly . 
  the policies these parties support have nothing to do with a ** free ** market , but everything with mafia-like structures . 
  realistically , even eupen-malmedy would ask to join germany only when belgium falls apart and flanders does n't want them . 
  it 's not powerplay . 
  it 's election time . 
  croatian revanchism running wild again ... 
  it 's about time to declare your independence , alsace , eupen-malmedy and silesia . 
   the one which is cheapest for the coverage i want . 
  you ? 
  the one which does n't mess with me . 
  the one which is still around in 30 years when i need their service ( pension , life insurance , health ) . 
  even if it may be cheap , a stock corporation is a bad choice when it comes to long-term insurances . 
  they should seize the dividends of the past four years . 
  the owners of the company should pay for this , not the workers or the customers . 
  you are choosing an insurance : which one do you choose : the one which will give dividends to shareholders or the one which return profits to the customers ? 
  in europe , there are many insurers set up as organisations owned by the members . 
  these are in a clear advantage now , because their profits flow back into the pockets of the members . 
  men will have to pay more for retirement insurance , but less for life insurance . 
  vice versa for women . 
  thus , it makes more sense for men to join life insurances whereas it makes more sense for women to join retirement insurances . 
   that 's a welfare state . 
  insurance is about offsetting risk . 
  it depends on the legal form of the insurance . 
  [ mutual insurance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutual_insurance ) orgs are more about the communal pool and less about the offsetting risks . 
  i just read your posts in this thread . 
  i 've rarely encountered such a high word-to-bullshit ratio . 
  his ass ? 
  it 's based on outdated literature from the 19th century . 
  the article on perchta is heavily outdated . 
  why not both ? 
   this mentality makes it really easy to blame european faults on the us . 
  most definitely not . 
  but that 's why we are hoping for president trump . 
  it will cause our politicians to use their own brains again . 
  ninja edit : hopefully . 
  classical case of whataboutism . 
  judging from history , people like you should be locked up as well . 
  i guess everyone should be locked up . 
  see you in jail . 
  you are not wrong . 
   contemptus mundi contemptus mundi as you describe is by no means a catholic doctrine . 
  it was mentioned by some church doctors but not in a doctrinal way but as a sentiment . 
  on the contrary , catholic doctrine is based on the concept that all that is is good . 
  christianity is not centered around a book ( although some protestants believe it is ) . 
  the bible is only one source of doctrine among others such as tradition and reason . 
  islam on the other hand mostly rejects the concept of tradition and reason is seen as almost antireligious by most branches . 
  actually , islam is just a christian anti-trinitarian sect . 
   it 's no less of a melting pot than us , the only difference being that people came to us while russia came to people . 
  tell that to the first nations aka indians . 
  the vatican city has no observer status at the un . 
  the holy see has , and it has the same status as the red cross . 
  tomorrow , it is supposed to snow . 
  yeah . 
  it 's unclear who discovered the island . 
  it 's unclear whether patagonians or dutch or spaniards or englishmen first set foot on the island . 
  the first settlement was french , then came the british , then the spanish bought the french settlement . 
   an englishman first stepped foot on the islands in 1690 . 
  save us from your biased propaganda . 
  read the [ whole story ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands#history ) on wikipedia . 
  maybe there is correlation between both things . 
   most of europe seems pretty united on foreign policy are you trying to be funny ? 
  un is for countries . 
  the eu is not a country but a supranational organization . 
  2013 , they will listen to their subject 's petitions . 
  in 2014 they wo n't do it anymore . 
  it 's our only chance !,
