  this is clear if you read the osce vienna document which is linked in my comment . 
  this document deals with the conditions of military missions of osce member states . 
  and that 's what the osce representative said as well ( in the video i linked below ) . 
  point is , they are not the osce observers . 
  the observers are still doing their jobs . 
  the media did false reports on the kidnapped military personal who have nothing to do with the osce mission . 
  the osce is in fact a bit pissed about this military mission , cf. 
  http://tvthek.orf.at/program/zib-24/1225/zib-24/7837001/gespraech-mit-claus-neukirch-von-der-osze/7837005 ( german video ) . 
  the difference is pretty obvious : the osce starts a mission to investigate the events in eastern ukraine . 
  at the same time , ukraine invites a military expedition from western countries which runs into separatists . 
  in turn , this expedition is portrayed as the real osce mission . 
  i 'm in no position to say this was carelessness of the media or on purpose , but it is a difference that matters . 
  the osce says otherwise . 
  just a reminder that this is not the actual osce mission , but a military mission of osce member states . 
  the special monitoring mission of the osce is still making their [ daily reports ] ( http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/daily-updates ) which are quite interesting to read , by the way . 
  the osce describes the military mission in the [ report from april 25th ] ( http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/118044 ) as follows :  the special monitoring mission got confirmation that the military observers carrying out an inspection under the [ osce vienna document ] ( http://www.osce.org/fsc/86597?download=true ) had been taken captive by forces of the self-proclaimed mayor of sloviansk . 
   the wars taking place today are minor by comparison , and the word has never been a safer or less violent place than today . 
  no , the world is not a safer place . 
  the empire and its citizens enjoy greater safety . 
  big difference . 
  i think the chinese will disagree with you on that statement . 
  sure , we do n't have wars nowadays , only peacekeeping missions . 
  in human history , there was no hegemonial power until 1815 and from 1918 to 1989 . 
  yes . 
  same is true for the current state in the ukraine whose government wants to force every russian and every [ rusyn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rusyns ) to be ukrainian and diminish the rights of other ethnicities such as tartars , romanians , hungarians or poles in the country . 
   most developed countries have much more strict rules . 
  that 's total rubbish . 
  just rules would imply that no one is forced to learn a specific majority language if they lived on the country 's soil all their lives . 
  in germany we have tiny sorbic and danish minorities and they are not forced to learn german , on the contrary we give them every opportunity to preserve their culture . 
  a developed country should n't force its own inhabitants ( non-migrants ) to change their lives . 
  in some parts of latvia , russian is the local language . 
  yet some nationalist parties like vl-tb/lnnk prevent to recognize it as an official language . 
  what about no hegemony ? 
  i still would rather hide in a hole than fight in a pointless war . 
  when it comes to war , it will matter if i wo n't fight . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the overwhelming majority in western europe wo n't side with their nation when it comes to war outside their own borders . 
  at least not when they have to risk their own lives . 
  wow , i wonder if you are real . 
  so far , you are the only `` jingo '' german , i 've ever met , even on the internet . 
  i usually do n't side with nations . 
  and they go from beautiful to cthulu at around 35 . 
  you can have our `` boys '' . 
  we have plenty to spare . 
  i know . 
  you mean ottawa . 
  no , that would be canberra . 
  it 's ottawa . 
   edit : i mean the percentage of europeans who ca n't locate their own country . 
  that 's a pretty meaningless figure . 
  if you look at the table , you will see that europeans know better than us american where cuba or even canada is located . 
  source ? 
  us intervention would n't be a solution ... 
  over 50 permanent bases might not be an annexation but that is just semantics . 
  ultimately , the incorporation of crimea into russia was about military bases as well . 
  the wars of the nato or of the `` coalition of the willing '' , as the bush administration called it , were n't full-scale wars . 
  these wars were won by technical superiority , which would be impossible against russia ( at least as long as russia holds their sea ports . 
  this is also not / r/stupiduspropaganda . 
  so leave now , please . 
   ad hominem a nation is not a human being . 
  if i criticize a nation 's current policy , i do n't argue ad hominem . 
  1933 , not 1939 . 
  do you actually believe the bullshit you sprout ? 
  i did n't know so much ignorance was possible . 
  this kind of attitude is the reason why nato would never dare to wage a full-scaled war against russia . 
  europeans would just desert and not fight for us arrogance and hegemony . 
   the us does not steal land like russia . 
  haha . 
  if you are not concerned about the peace and welfaring of europeans which you are clearly not leave this subreddit . 
  that are some big words coming from the words of an us american , a country which installs dictators all over the world just to promote their dubious policies and which puts even the governments of their closest allies under surveillance . 
  i 'm not really concerned by russians joining russia . 
  the law disagrees with you : according to the bgb a person is a being who is capable of concluding legal agreements . 
  of course it is , it is an essential category in civil law : cf. 
  in constitutional and criminal law not so much . 
  i do n't know about other nations , but in german law , the term `` natural person '' is used for people , and `` legal person '' ( juristische person ) for corporations . 
  hey baby , what do you think about a joint venture . 
  you would n't want a hostile takeover , would you ? 
  this whole thing is very phishy indeed . 
  it seems to be a populist maneuver of these parties to get votes , not a serious effort to change things for the better . 
  no , it does n't seem right . 
  what 's hindering us getting our mobile contract in austria where you can get 9gb high speed internet for 9 $ , as opposed to germany where you get a meagre 0.1 to 0.5 gb for the same price . 
  if you do that you can even choose the network operator . 
  i think this law has some problematic implications for the carriers which will be difficult to solve . 
  not sure if serious . 
  corporations can be people in the sense of some legislational aspects . 
  philosophically and for most laws , corporations are n't people . 
  or have you ever heard of two corporations getting married ? 
  polish are unable to tell nazi jokes anyway . 
  as long as they do n't stop potato import from latvia . 
  yeah . 
  in addition , there are some smaller german sites which comply to gema rules , but these are - to my knowledge - without exception intertwined with the national entertainment industry . 
  they are pretty shitty , too . 
  youtube is n't okay with the situation . 
  but gema demanded them to pay a hefty sum per view which youtube did n't want to afford . 
  thus , they block everything that could be owned by the gema . 
   uk is fastest growing economy in europe [ no ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00115 ) . 
  the amount of violence in ukraine these days already surpasses the amount the violence during 1989/1990 which was a peaceful revolution . 
  i read gunnar gunnarsson 's book on him and he portrays him as a national hero , installing the first printing press for icelandic and kicking out the danish . 
  germans gon na german . 
  if we want to break law , at least let 's make a rule out of it . 
  please read what i wrote .
