  many already made such kind of profit by buying bonds at a very low price and selling it after a bailout . 
  but our german banks and investors who bought greek bonds last year expect a decent return of investment . 
  just curious : what did you pick at the age of consent question ? 
  why not ? 
  evading some taxes , grabbing a few cheap islands and villas . 
  make sense ( not for me , but for some rich assholes ), 
  yeah haider was pretty funny , i must admit . 
  too unfortunate that he had this crash which ended his life ... 
  liberal can mean everything . 
  well , they had the chance to fix the legislative process . 
  but they did n't . 
  instead they created even more bureaucracy . 
  the thing is : bureaucracy never abolishes itself . 
  as long as the bureaucrats are doing these treaties , it wo n't get any better . 
  my father told me that in ww2 you did n't need meat stamps for warm korv because they contain so little meat . 
  do n't know if its another myth . 
  nvidia quadro has the same gpus as the geforce brand . 
  they just have different drivers ( edit : and firmware ) . 
  but it 's the eu 's fault . 
  the commission does n't publish their legislative texts when they are drafted . 
  and anyway the legislative process in the eu is a mess . 
  well , we did [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scrappage_program#germany ) . 
  they should also lift trade restrictions surrounding food . 
   the article does imply that greenlandic culture has been ruined . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  if people decide by themselves that they do n't want to live in iglus anymore ? 
  the things you describe would be bad , of course . 
  but they were n't mentioned in the article . 
  but as an afro-american you 're good . 
   innocent i do n't see any guilt involved here . 
  cultures change all the time . 
  why should it be bad what happened in greenland ? 
  well , he is mainly responsible for the `` treaty establishing a constitution for europe '' , so he gets more credit for this title . 
  helmut schmidt the architect of the eu ? 
  not really . 
   every bank account is covered by various depositor insurance schemes as a precondition of the bank being allowed to operate throughout europe . 
  the landsbankinn had such an insurance scheme . 
  but it could n't cover the losses . 
  i do n't see how the citizens of a country should pay for foreigners if a bank fails . 
  when someone invests money in a private cooperation how can they expect the citizens where this cooperation has its seat in to pay them if the cooperation goes bankrupt . 
  if you invest money on a bank account with a foreign bank which has no subsidaries in your country , it 's your own choice and responsibility . 
  the status of palestinians living in the west bank or gaza strip is problematic indeed . 
  without a citizenship there is not much you can in nowadays world . 
  but that refugees living in jordan or lebanon do n't have the country 's citizenship is outrageous . 
  their families live there for more than 50 years . 
  no , germany is not a permanent member . 
  but germany is in a way the bridge between the western block and russia ( as could be seen in the libya conflict where germany sided with russia ) so german 's opinion is usually regarded as important . 
  care to share your opinion about the population department of the un , the unfpa ? 
   personally , i feel history will condemn the inaction that has allowed the gross mistreatment of the palestinian people to continue . 
  whose inaction ? 
  in the near and middle east madness abounds . 
  the arab league takes the stance that it does n't want to protect its own population because this would make the conflict with israel easier . 
  i filled out the form based on the program of our main right-wing party , the cdu . 
  economic left/right : -2.62 social libertarian/authoritarian : -1.13 lower-left . 
  i doubt , they filled out the forms themselves . 
  at least the rhetorics of almost every european party would put them in the lower-left corner * as well ( their policies are different from their rhetorics , though ) . 
  edit : quadrant , to be more precise . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  the statement are phrased in such a away that you most likely end up in the lower left corner . 
  look at that statement , f.ex . 
   i 'd always support my country , whether it was right or wrong . 
  only a moron would agree here . 
  if they 'd asked `` i 'd support my country , even in hard times '' people would respond differently . 
  this goes for many of the statements . 
  that compass is nonsense . 
  misread . 
  anyway , there are no fees for computers . 
  but you have to pay the radio fee if you have a computer with an internet connection ( because you can receive public radio via internet ) . 
   germany by now has more un-proportional than proportional taxes . 
  sad , but true . 
  with the recent reforms , the gez becomes a capitation tax . 
  i agree to your proposal , but they should reduce the number of stations drastically , as well . 
  at the moment , we have 30 or more tv stations and at least 40 radio stations , financed by the gez . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  they are not . 
  radio is 5,76 eur , tv is 17,98 eur . 
  only the [ protestants ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_t3lg6p_atmc/rqy4lvuk2ti/aaaaaaaabum/ybyo4dyhbfs/s1600/map1.jpg ) . 
  so i guess , you can have lippe and northern hesse as well . 
  only radio . 
  these states are not prussian at all . 
  prussians did occupy them . 
   think at least two more tv channels and ten newspapers , all reflecting with all local channels and papers . 
  media by the grace of government ? 
  no thanks . 
  we have such tv stations in germany already . 
  i will have to pay fees coming next year without even having a television set . 
  what about kicking brandenburg , berlin and sachsen-anhalt out of the german federation ? 
  then they can have their own country with `` prussian austerity '' . 
  too bad . 
  i love that all austrians speak bavarian . 
  so you 're the product and the customer at the same time ? 
   people who are left of center have started to call spiegel `` the former news magazine '' 10 or 15 years ago . 
  it is changing , though . 
  arabia is heavily investing in bosnia , reconstructing mosques and paying imans to preach their version of islam . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.speroforum.com/a/fptsizmbwq47/67064-growing-islamic-fundamentalism-in-bosniaherzegovina ) ), 
  tarrifs \u2260 consumer choice, 
   define ` your own ' . 
  your town ? 
  your state ? 
  your country ?
