  we are saving europe !, 
  old, 
   belgium has more than one socialist party . 
  i know . 
  you have loads of socialist parties . 
  and who defines this `` european approach '' ? 
  who defines progress ? 
  the socialist party of belgium alone ? 
  why are you not against greek 's membership in the eu then ? 
  their constitution starts with : `` in the name of the holy and consubstantial and indivisible trinity '' or germany : `` conscious of their responsibility before god and man , '' ( our grundgesetz does n't mention the holocaust either and we would have a much bigger reason to mention the reason ) polish constitution : `` we , the polish nation - all citizens of the republic , both those who believe in god as the source of truth , justice , good and beauty , as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources , '' ( given the polish population this is quite soft , actually , and it was john paul ii who suggested such a wording ) you definitely gon na like the constitution of malta : `` 2 . 
  ( 1 ) the religion of malta is the roman catholic apostolic religion . 
  ( 2 ) the authorities of the roman catholic apostolic church have the duty and the right to teach which principles are right and which are wrong . 
  ( 3 ) religious teaching of the roman catholic apostolic faith shall be provided in all state schools as part of compulsory education . '', 
  constitution of slovakia `` mindful of the spiritual bequest of cyril and methodius ( * ) , and the historical legacy of great moravia , '' ( * ) two christian saints . 
  not all countries in the eu follow the concept of the la\u00efcit\u00e9 . 
  ah , we 're quite ok with the situation . 
  we are giving free loans to greece , our banks get the interests , we sell products and services to greece , fueling our economy . 
  it 's a win-win ( for us ) . 
  the old constitution was from 1949 , it was modeled after the stalinist constitution and changed only slightly after the fall of communism . 
  hungary never had a democratic constitution before , the 2011 constitution is the first constitution voted on by elected representatives . 
   it 's not just that . 
  the hungarian state can intervene with the monetary policies . 
  this is impossible in the ecb . 
  the ecb makes its decisions based on studies and models , not based on the needs of a politician . 
  the ecb really is independent . 
  the head of the ecb is a neutral person , or it does n't matter what his ideological background is . 
  the hungarian head of the cb will have to be member of fidesz . 
  source for that , esp . 
  the last claim ? 
   the way the current government is changing the constitution is frightening . 
  a lot of conservative rules who tackle freedom are enshrined in the new constitution ( like pro-life and anti-gay laws ) . 
  a democratically elected party makes laws based on their majority and this is frightening ? 
  you do n't seem to like democracy . 
  so the hungarian head of state appoints the director of the hungarian central bank . 
  who appoints the director of the ecb ? 
  the heads of state of the european union member states . 
  who appoints the president of the deutsche bundesbank ? 
  the president of germany . 
  no difference ... 
  this anti-hungary campaign is just a mixture of hypocrisy and ideological warfare . 
   a total of 25 cabinet ministers , one president and one chancellor of the federal republic of germany -- as postwar germany is officially known -- had been members of nazi organizations . 
  that alone says nothing . 
  we also should n't forget that our first chancellor was imprisoned during the nazi dictatorship . 
  please elaborate ... 
  the eu is really ridiculous . 
  after they practically destroyed the independence of the european central bank they threaten hungary for supposedly doing the same . 
  i was referring to the brand `` thor steinar '' . 
  as a business they rely on having people speaking about them . 
  ignoring makes much more sense . 
  they want the attention . 
  i wo n't give it . 
  this proves that all americans are full of stereotypes . 
   it 's a nightmare !, 
  i do n't even understand why tourists come here at summer !, 
  could you give my girlfriend a call and tell her this , please ? 
  maybe you are an american , then . 
  just call a typical bavarian innkeeper that you are sebastian frankenberger ( the man who initiated the referendum which prohibits smoking in pubs ) and want to book a table . 
  if he is in a good mood , he will only drop the receiver . 
  do n't start to insult me , 
  in germany the vietnamese are controlling the tobacco smuggling business . 
  that makes them the most `` criminal '' group of foreigners , although they rank pretty low on real crimes . 
  of course many germans travel to poland and buy cigarettes there ( on the street markets ) . 
  i do n't mind smuggling at all . 
  i think that poland is so well off atm because they do n't give so much shit about taxes and instead work for their own good . 
  the country is thriving because of that . 
  therefore we need also extra taxes on fatty food , fast food , alcohol , cholesterol , sugar , sweets , lemonade , etc. . . / sarcasm, 
  even in croatia a restaurant is not a public place . 
  but the government wants to regulate private places . 
  in germany it is the same . 
  one of the best examples of a patronizing governments , regulating issues which they should not regulate , interfering in people 's private places . 
  a restaurant is not a public place . 
  it is privately owned . 
  a public place would be a townhall , a municipal park , a museum , etc. 
  the owner of the restaurant shoud have the right to decide whether smoking is allowed in his place . 
  it is his place , after all . 
  what is a public restaurant ? 
  if i open up a restaurant does it mean i hand it over to the public ? 
  why not simply put `` serbo-croatian '' ? 
  they called themselves republicans because they opposed the king . 
  i read most of your constitution today and i agree . 
  i do n't see any problems with this constitution . 
  relevant : [ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-lyucv80d8] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-lyucv80d8 ), 
  if you ask me ( a german and not a greek ) , we should kick greece out of the euro zone and end all stability measures . 
  wo n't happen though . 
  the euro and the eu is a too nice plaything for unelected politicians and bureaucrats to give it up . 
  rather incite hatred in all europe than to give up power . 
   reykjav\u00edk is the only city in iceland and its capital city . 
  its name means bay of smokes . 
  other centers of population are small-sized villages . 
  [ akureyri ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akureyri ) is not exactly a small-sized village . 
  otherwise it 's interesting . 
  nope . 
  he worked in a hospital for two years . 
  this is more work than anyone else in his party . 
  how would a brit phrase that ? 
  eu legislation is mostly soft legislation which means it has to be put into national law by national parlaments . 
  the saying is : eu law is made by a spaniard , ignored by an italian , followed by a german , raises blood pressure of an englishman . 
  just go to a city market behind the german-polish border ( or even better : go to ukraine ) and buy trousers made in the same chinese or bangladesh factory for 3-5 $ . 
  you can have it all and get our taxes and social security fees at the same time . 
  `` cheap '' .
