so what you are saying is that if there is 1 religious person out of a society of 100 , its a religious society ? 
  the religion of the one will influence society , yes . 
  obviously , just marginally . 
   but religion should definitely not influence how a society functions or the people that live within it . 
  a value system of members of a society will always influence the society . 
  whether the value system is based on a religion , on tradition or something else does n't matter . 
  a society is nothing without its members . 
  no , nowadays it is just a phrase , similar to `` bohemian villages '' ( meaning things one does not understand ) , or `` living like god in france '' ( having everything you need for a luxurious life ) . 
  and these phrases are not really used anymore , mostly by older people . 
  if the people are religious , the society is religious . 
  the society is not just a blob existing on its own , it is made up of its people . 
  that claim is interesting , so i 'm going to check it out . 
  yes , you are right . 
  both stereotypes are rooted in the failure of the polish state in the 18th century . 
  the elective system and the power plays of european royal houses led to a decline of the efficiency of the polish governmental and bureaucratic system . 
  at the end of the 18th century poland-lithuania was basically a failed state . 
  the german phrase `` polnische wirtschaft '' was coined by german-speaking silesians and prussians as a derogatory term for the perceived inefficiency and backwardness of the polish noble elites . 
  it was used by the emergent german bourgeois who valued everything the `` polnische wirtschaft '' supposedly stood against : ordnung ( order ) , flei\u00df ( industriousness ) , sauberkeit ( tidiness ) , anstand ( decency ) , i.e. 
  the sekund\u00e4rtugenden ( secondary virtues ) . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.kulturforum.info/kontext/controllers/document.php/11.6/6/7f4d38.pdf ) ), 
  in german , `` polish economy '' is a synonym for disorder and corruption . 
   its not a moral opinion . 
  it was because of religious reasons . 
  does n't compute . 
   a fetus is not really person yet is it ? 
  legally , this depends on your country . 
  in germany , a fetus is a person with right to life by the nidation . 
  abortion is still illegal generally , but not punished after a consultation procedure . 
   because it 's the life of the patient at stake here , what makes you say that ? 
  just because the baby is deformed does n't mean the mother 's life is at risk . 
  the article suggests none of this . 
  they have better booze , so ... 
  oh , yes please . 
  in austria , there is actually a police unit , called einsatzkommando : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eko_cobra, 
   there 's five users here i have already tagged for their bullshit . 
  wow , you must have a boring job . 
  so you would close down our schools in winter ? 
   unless we kinda misunderstood each other ? 
  not really , i knew perfectly what you meant . 
  but the whole issue has different angles . 
   popping out kids just so they 'd take care of you at the old age seems kinda . . selfish ? 
  relying on other people 's kids so they take care of you is even more selfish . 
   with `` benefits '' i meant the money that government gives to mothers - maybe it 's not the right term for it then ? 
  no , benefit is right term . 
  i just used it a bit broader . 
  i daresay , most young people who choose not to have kids do n't do it because they have n't enough money . 
  they rather more money . 
  it 's our current monetary and social welfare system which gives one the impression that everything is taken care of . 
  but when there are less and less people able and willing to take care of the elderly , the money old people have wo n't help them . 
  i do n't expect to be taken care of as well as our current old generation is . 
  even for primary schools ? 
  cooling down a building by 20 degrees consumes less energy than heating a building by 20 degrees . 
  by that argument , we would have to close down our schools in winter . 
   childcare is expensive , childcare benefits are low the main benefit of raising children is not being alone when getting older . 
  primary school in germany is over at 1300 . 
  double income families need daycare anyway . 
  but rises again , harder and stronger . 
  family party joined ecr as well . 
  interesting . 
  other countries finance their social security , pensions and health care via tax . 
  if you want to compare tax rates , you need to compare these numbers as well . 
  surely . 
  sozialversicherungsbeitr\u00e4ge are a tax , effectively . 
   [ mandatory ] insurance and social security not included . 
  why not ? 
  shut up or feel free to leave this europe subreddit . 
  1,20 $ for 0.5 l ? 
  here it is usually 1 $ for 1l or 1.5 l. 
  but then , coke is really unpopular for most demographics . 
  neither 1 or 2 will happen , since the trade treaty is not a membership . 
  trade treaty means that free trade will be easier . 
  also ukraine has to change a lot of laws to conform with the treaty . 
  well , [ the party members wanted to align themselves with the ukip , but not lucke ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2014-01/afd-briten-ukip-kooperation ) . 
  i do n't know of any statement from either the party or its head towards the scandinavian eu-sceptics . 
  yeah , i was just underlining your point . 
  from what i heard the \u00d6dp ( 1 seat germany ) wants to join the efa party , meaning they will be joing the greens faction as will . 
  the familienpartei also might join a faction but it will be interesting who they will join , as they are not tied to a specific political ideology . 
  afd 's leader lucke already made clear that he does n't want to cooperate with the ukip . 
  although they are pretty similar . 
   not great for their fishermen in the short term , but good for long term sustainability i do n't think icelanders need the eu to understand what sustainability is . 
  apparently , the christian democrats lost heavily in this election . 
  it 's most likely the same for russia . 
  check your numbers , please : http://www.profil.at/articles/0939/560/251983/abtreibungsland-oesterreich-wie-politik-kirche-praevention the article cites estimations which are around 15 times higher than your number . 
  savings accounts ? 
  one might argue that the [ organization of ukrainian nationalists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organization_of_ukrainian_nationalists ) was a fascist organisation . 
   benelovent dictatorship that 's not a form of government . 
  `` benevolent '' is a character trait , not a property of an institution . 
   you are no better than an holocaust denier . 
  by actively denying the crimes of communism and the inherit evil of it , you are no better than the mass murderers of history and their cohorts . 
  he has n't denied a thing . 
  germany just have restructured their army from a cold war-scenario to a intervention scenario . 
  too bad the situation just changed . 
  no , it was no osce mission . 
  it was a mission per rules of an osce treaty , conducted by a german military agency , invited by the ukrainian government . 
  the officers were accompanied by ukrainian military personnel . 
  every human behaviour is a moral issue . 
  therefore , this whole survey is pointless . 
  that 's him . 
  never make definite statement . 
  always leave some room to withdraw to later .
