  your continent ? 
  your planet ? 
  what ever !, 
  i would say `` myself '' or `` my family '' . 
  but even then , it makes perfect sense to buy local , regional food . 
  if my neighbour makes good business , he will probably buy from my business . 
  i do n't need to support him by charity means . 
   unrational decisions why would `` support your own '' be unrational ? 
  does rational really equal cheapest ? 
   is this protectionism ? 
  it 's consumer choice . 
  protectionism are things like ( the already existing ) tolls , migration restrictions , etc. 
  did n't they get rid of the voting system anyway ? 
  i believe now the decision about the song is made by `` jurors '' . 
   `` under italian law , the bishop , given that he holds no public office nor is he a public servant , is not obliged to report illicit facts of the type covered by this document to the relevant state judicial authorities . '' i just read the relevant paragraphs in the guidelines . 
  it is clearly stated that the bishop must cooperate with the authorities . 
  much ado about nothing . 
  are you from azerbaijan ? 
  yes . 
  students from the oberstufe can sometimes vote ( you make the final exam when being 18 or 19 ) . 
  aside , the censoring happened due to an automated program . 
  austerity measures should be intertwined with a public debt hair cut . 
  otherwise banks and rich people will get even richer and the poorer population will get even poorer . 
  i was judging based on the article , alone . 
  if it is true what milanovic says there needs to be a due process against this party . 
  but i 'm suspicious of government agencies taking action against non-government parties . 
  i guess i do n't need to tell you what happened with npd-verbotsverfahren in our country because of exactly this ... 
  how can a party even work when their gatherings are banned ? 
  how can they defend themselves if they are accused . 
  the only reason to ban such gatherings would be a security concern . 
  the article does n't indicate that . 
  i was not writing about the weimar republic at all . 
  i was writing about the current political situation . 
  if you ask for sources : what information do you question ? 
  then croatia should ban the party through the constitutional court ( or however it is in your system ) . 
  it 's ridiculous that they ban a gathering of a party which is registered . 
  i was aware of that . 
  nevertheless , i saw the opportunity to rant away . 
  let me speak for germany only : normally the presiding committee of a party announces a candidate . 
  at a later stage there is a party convention . 
  where the candidate is confirmed . 
  80 % means a bad confirmation , 90 % a good , 99 % is spectacular . 
  there are rarely candidates running against the `` blessed '' one . 
  the same procedure works not only for the chancellor and state premiers . 
  this is also true for the candidacy of mps ( mdb ) although there is a higher chance of contested elections . 
  i agree . 
  marriage should n't be a political issue . 
  as a catholic i 'm against gay marriage but the political problems only arise when marriage is politically sanctioned . 
  but then all tax deductions for marriages need to go as well and the government will have to start taxing households/undefined groups of people . 
  i do n't think the bipartisan system is too bad . 
  your parties are n't as organized and controlled as the european parties . 
  you have actual pre-election campaigns for candidates . 
  this does n't happen in most of the european countries where candidates are usually decided on by party heads . 
  that 's the propaganda that the cdu , spd and fdp invented to hold to their power . 
  they used it against the green , the wasg , the republikaner and then against the pirate party . 
  ( basically against any party not them ) . 
  the 5 % hurdle did n't stop the npd to become a volkspartei in some parts of eastern germany . 
  it did n't stop the dvu from entering several parliaments and getting kicked out the next term . 
  when the 5 % - hurdle was abolished in local elections it had mainly a good impact on the local politics . 
  many encrusted structures dissolved , many corrupted networks got kicked out ( this was also because of the possibility to vote for specific candidates and not only for a party , a thing which still needs to be implemented in every state ) . 
  sure you have the occasional fringeheads now , the occasional neonazi . 
  but they 'll ridicule themselves . 
  i think the 5 % - hurdle has been destabilizing our democracy . 
  it contributed a lot to our current `` politikverdrossenheit '' ( people being annoyed or indifferent about politics ) . 
  with the pirate party this will hopefully change . 
  i do n't support everything they want but i support the dynamics they are creating . 
  we need to watch this closely . 
  when a company tries this , we have to put them into deep sh % t. 
  this is the most stupid law ever . 
  an initiative has to collect at least 1 million signatures . 
  and what do they get ? 
  a public hearing . 
  the commision and parliament will graciously hear your ideas and then decide on it from their deep wisdom . 
  it 's a procedure fitting a dictatorship ... 
   that said , without meaning to invoke godwin , referenda were one of the favourite ways of the nazi party and hitler operating nope . 
  in the weimar republic there were two referenda . 
  one was initiated by the left , the other by the right . 
  both did n't get enough yes-votes . 
  hitler and his party were elected because the population deemed them as `` qualified professionals '' . 
   you do n't need permission from the youth office to get yourself checked up . 
  just do it . 
  it 's free . 
  there 's universial healthcare . 
  we are speaking of germany here . 
  the social service system ( read youth office ) is providing the health care . 
  according to the law , they are responsible for the people 's health . 
  so they decide what is appropriate . 
  and beside that ? 
  what else was in the proposed law ? 
  4th biggest party . 
  remarkable . 
  ok , i guess the new law was rejected , but could anyone of you locals put in what it was about beside the adoption thing ? 
  slovenia does n't have gay marriage btw . 
  they have civil unions for same-sex couples . 
  spend . 
  all . 
  the money . 
  so when climate is delayed what happens ? 
  do we have no climate or will the old climate stay in place ? 
  but we are germany !! 1 !,
