  except for ireland , you have no neighbours . 
  yes . 
  although poland really needs to return lithuanian clay to lithuania . 
  what exactly does this map display ? 
  air pollution is pretty generic . 
  nope . 
  while there are or were jewish ethnicities , esp . 
  in eastern europe , judaism as a whole is not a `` unified '' ethnicity in the same sense as gypsies are . 
  although it is not as simple as that , as there are in fact many ethnicities grouped together as gypsies and social sciences are much more differentiated when it comes to these peoples . 
  gypsie is not a race , though , it 's an ethnicity - a constructed social unit . 
  with that statement , you just made empirical sociology impossible . 
  given the conflicts in your country , they are not to blame . 
  it 's the same when jews were renouncing their religion in the 19th century to be more accepted in society . 
  indeed . 
  it always gives me a good laugh when i read yet another article about a leftist politician who sends their kids to a private school where there none of the troublesome immigrants while at the same time asking for tolerance in the political sphere . 
  their hypocrisy is just ridiculous . 
  are the houses in the last one holiday homes ? 
  of course . 
  epp stands for bureaucracy . 
  s&d stands for bureaucracy . 
  alde stands for bureaucracy . 
  green stands for bureaucracy . 
  gue stands for bureaucracy . 
  make your choice . 
  saying things should never be a crime . 
  edit : i wrote a 3 . not a 1 . 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  so , livonian was a common language like latvian or estonian a few hundred years ago . 
  but what language is used by the descendants of the livonians ? 
  do they speak a baltic language ? 
  or russian ? 
  why do we have a latvia and estonia today , but not a livonia ? 
  in germany , informal corruption is rampant . 
  if you have good connections to politicians , you will gain economic advantages . 
  outright bribery is rare , though . 
  yes . 
   that makes them deserve such a treatment ? 
  it 's not the owners who are treated but the house itself . 
  in my moral system , property comes with responsibility . 
  if you own a 1000 square meter villa in a country where families are kicked out of their one-room flats and you do n't use the villa for 11 months the year , the right of those people to take shelter supersedes your rights to own the villa exclusively . 
   seems like a case of the bigger guys picking on the little ones . 
  the more you centralize , the worse it gets . 
  i know that this opinion is unpopular but i have no problem with squatters taking over holiday homes . 
  while we are at it : could we please remove / u/davidreiss666 from the moderator list . 
  that guy is not active here and his moderation activity on other subreddits is highly questionable . 
  ( can provide links if needed ), 
   it seems that it is already required at the national level the problem is that the eu is introducing legislation that requires costly testing for seeds . 
  only the big players can afford that . 
  the big players have no incentive to register seeds which are sustainable . 
  thus , the sustainable seeds disappear ( they already did over the past decades , but the proposed regulation will intensify the problems ) . 
  hobby gardeners and small companies ca n't afford the registration . 
  apparently , borg introduced some niche clauses which makes things better . 
  but the commission only did this because of the campaign from gardener groups . 
  whether these clauses are enough , remains to be seen . 
  at the moment , there is the commission who claims that nothing will change and everything will get better , but that 's just propaganda . 
  the ngos claim the opposite . 
   i see nothing to be worried about . 
  i see much to be worried about after reading various news articles about it . 
  bureaucratic rules always favor big business over small suppliers . 
  if a registration of a seed sort is needed before you can sell it , it will destroy variety in the long run . 
  the spin of the commission that it is easier if you only have to register in brussels is ridiculous , given the current state of bureaucratic overkill in the eu institutions . 
  the main problem with these rules is that the big producer change ( d ) the seeds over time , that you ca n't produce your own seeds from then . 
  that 's why hobby gardeners are starting to avoid the commercial seeds . 
  they want to be able to regrow the plants on their own . 
  such legislation is indeed a tool of the big producers to further dominate the seed market . 
  you are not a legitimate news source observer . 
  what are the yellow dots in southern germany and switzerland ? 
  if the people want it ? 
  apparently they do . 
  most monarchies in europe could have been abolished by the people a long time ago . 
  they never did . 
  cost ca n't be a factor . 
  in germany , we now have 4 former presidents still alive plus the acting one . 
  the acting president has a domicil , the former presidents get pensions , also staff . 
  afaik monarchies are cheaper than presidential systems . 
   sure it can be adapted to be less offensive in pluralistic society but a hereditary monarchy is always going to be against liberal and republican principles . 
  ftfy . 
  it 's not about being solidaric , but about being democratic . 
   berlin is cheap not anymore . 
  rent has gone up in the last few years quite a bit . 
  i did n't see that . 
  can you give us an update from local media ? 
  what 's the status now ? 
  i do n't know too much about the huffpost , you 're right about the focus . 
  yeah , i just realized that tomorrow focus is focus , the magazine ... welll . 
  what can i say ? 
  even if i 'm sceptical about their success , i 'm glad that they are doing it . 
  our online news is dominated by the same boring stuff . 
  online journalism is mostly copy-pasting from the agencies or plagiarizing the few original stories of a few select publications . 
  limited liability is the problem , as usual . 
  feed your employees with promises , move the money out , give them nothing as `` there is no money left '' , get away with it . 
  it might not be the case here , but most often it is . 
  it 's not an overreaction , mao . 
   many articles said we , the greeks , are lazy people and thats the reason of repression , but the same happened in other countries , too ( pigs ) they are lazy , too . 
  in fact , everyone except germany is lazy . 
  what would a dynasty be ? 
  it 's not that he had a big family whose members he could have put into position . 
  sure , he groomed sch\u00e4uble , but he also groomed merkel who dethroned kohl and pushed sch\u00e4uble to the side . 
  the deal was that back then esp . 
  kohl 's party and their voting base was generally against the euro .
