  there is nothing greece can do to stop them from coming here . 
  on the contrary , greece has to get them here safely to shore , meaning a greek island . 
  they only way to stop that is in turkey , before a boat begins the journey . 
  we have a shitty government and a shittier state . 
  europe should have taken that into account for everyone 's sake . 
  does an irresponsible cabinet and a minority of eurosceptics justify letting all the other greeks suffer such a hit ? 
  i am a greek , i was born and i 've lived all my life in athens . 
  i always try to see things as objectively as possible and never lean towards the greek side because it is my home country ( actually i am generally opposed to what we have to say because we are mostly the ones to blame ) . 
  this thing saddens me more than anything that has happened in the past few years in my country . 
  i know we generally do n't want to make the necessary changes in the way our state is organised . 
  it is true that something that should be a matter of 2-3 years has been ongoing for the 6th year now because of our unwillingness to really implement some long needed reforms . 
  i also know that many greeks ( even the current pm alexis tsipras , during his time in opposition ) have expressed hostile/negative views against our european partners . 
  and lastly , i understand the negative impact on the matter of the migrant crisis by my country 's policies . 
  but i also feel that europe should have taken this matter into serious consideration at least 8 months ago , before summer . 
  you ca n't really control sea borders . 
  the only way to stop people coming by sea is either drowning them or letting them drown . 
  however , a deal with turkey could be a viable choice a long time ago . 
  have the hot-spots on turkish soil , identify and register all asylum-applicants and transport them safely across . 
  all happening in complete knowledge and under the organisation of the eu authorities . 
  what has happened instead , is letting a failed state , the problematic child handle with no planning , with no strategy , with no means and no vision whatsoever one of the greatest problems we have faced as a union . 
  the result of this strategy ? 
  europe gets flooded with refugees and immigrants we know nothing about and the problematic child who has n't managed this whole mess properly gets kicked out . 
  ( hell , even eu countries have sent help to fyrom/macedonia to close their borders . ), 
  what happens after that ? 
  the damage already done is n't fixed and you fuck over many , many greeks who are not to blame . 
  people who feel as much european as they feel greek . 
  people that dream to see their country getting in the same boat as everyone else . 
  people that do n't hate the germans ( the peoples and country most targeted by some groups and media ) but admire their achievements . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's really sad . 
  i 've acknowledged the help and solidarity of europeans in our financial crisis . 
  however , this time we 've been left completely alone and that hit me hard as a european . 
  i hope things turn out differently and we 'll keep being a part of the schengen-zone , of the union , of the eurozone and so on and so forth . 
  if things turn out how they seem though , please welcome and support the few thousand well-educated greeks that will come to your countries to keep being a part of europe, 
  yeah , what 's the deal with that ? 
  the way i see it they should follow these people at every move . 
  it 's one thing trying to find the one or two among the thousands that may want to wreck havoc . 
  that 's the hard part . 
  but here we have a case where we know someone wanted that and he is just moving freely in europe . 
  what 's the deal with that ? 
  are they that incompetent , or have they not yet realised what 's in stake here ? 
  well , i am dreaming of a different europe but that 's plain childish, 
  exactly . 
  when in rome do as the romans do . 
  if however some people do n't want to respect what the germans ( for example ) do , we should be able to enforce it . 
  no more pc agenda just for the sake of sounding nice . 
  i would take it one step further and start seriously cutting ties with some isis-like arab countries , but that 's just utopian, 
  well , i despise their ways so ... you can call us even, 
  did n't know about that . 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  i can partially agree with that title/conclusion . 
  meaning that if i remember correctly these people have been living in germany for quite some time . 
  the sex attacks have a direct link to our pc agenda , imo . 
  the people that attacked these women do n't want to us to have fun , to drink alcohol . 
  do n't want women to walk free and dress however they like . 
  the despise our way of life . 
  which is totally fine , they can do whatever they want with their lives . 
  but we need to make it perfectly clear for them that these are our rules here , this is how society works in europe . 
  a woman in germany/france/belgium / wherever has every right to do whatever she likes ( well , in the whole world they should have every right , but here we take it one step further and actually protect these rights ) . 
  and that goes for many other things these people do n't practise in their lives . 
  i say enough with the `` political correctness '' like , `` we are all the same '' etc etc. 
  no we are not . 
  we have long standing values here in europe which are being threatened right now by just a bunch of people straight from the middle ages . 
  we should protect these values and we should not waver one bit . 
  i just got this image in my head and i kek 'd . 
  the british pm going in a eu summit room , sitting down , anxiously looking at his/her watch for a good 20 minutes , only to get later informed that everyone has left the union and then picking up his things and awkwardly smiling in front of the cameras as he/she 's leaving the building, 
  some info : this is today 's photo , as pm tsipras visited beijing . 
  behind him is mr. kotzias , the minister for foreign affairs and behind him mr. stathakis , minister of economy , infrastructure , shipping and tourism . 
  the appearance of the three is a hot topic in greece because many people feel that their informal attire is disrespectful to their hosts and that it does n't represent the greek people on a highest level the way it should, 
  still here . 
  but i have the intention for moving in the following couple of years, 
  the whole refugee crisis is a very hot topic in my country . 
  today , while conversing with a few peers someone expressed the view that the people coming to greece are not refugees but immigrants . 
  on the basis that a refugee is someone who either because of war , or because of famine , or even because of a political prosecution , wants ( and has ) to flee his country and seek asylum at a safe place , these people are refugees when they enter turkey . 
  turkey is not at war , these people are not hunted there due to political , racial or religious reasons and they can seek asylum there . 
  their choice of coming to greece is not driven by the situation back home , but by the better financial prospects provided in europe . 
  not only that , but these people do not want to stay in greece ( even when they are offered shelter and food ) but demand to be let to travel to germany ( mainly ) . 
  i had n't thought of that view and it really got me thinking . 
  so how does one qualify for the refugee `` status '' ? 
  the past couple of days there has been great discussion but it mostly revolves around what went wrong on social level or in our international policy or whatever . 
  but if we are to accept that we 'll be living with terrorism for the time being , is there practically anything we can do to stop these suicide bombers ? 
  if you implement security checks upon entering an airport for example , you 'll create a large queue wetting to be checked . 
  a terrorist can strike there too . 
  i fear that the only solution is to change our lifestyle and stop feeding these scum with opportunities of crowded places . 
  but is that it ? 
  how do we protect ourselves in the end ? 
  [ removed ], 
  in greece they are common almost every summer , with some serious damage over the last 10 years . 
  the sun and the heat is one thing , the fact that many greeks are irresponsible and they 'll throw out a cigarette butt , or leave their garbage everywhere is another thing . 
  pyromaniacs are also a problem . 
  however the special thing about greece is the following . 
  the greek government does n't really know the specific limits of its area ownership . 
  also , there is a thing called ( i hope i 'm translating properly ) `` forest administration '' which among other things is responsible to declare if a piece of land is regarded as forest land or not . 
  if it is , then you ca n't build anything there and must remain at that state . 
  if you ca n't build on a piece of land , no bank will give you a loan with the said piece of land as mortgage . 
  and then came a solution which really abused every incapability of the greek state the previous years : you burn an area , you also go to court with some fake witnesses and claim that piece of land was yours or your grandfather 's or whatever ( remember !, 
  the government does n't really know the limits of its ownership ) and when the court gives its verdict you end up with a piece of land that was n't yours and also is n't a forest anymore . 
  so you can build there, 
  i 've sadly read quite a few posts urging you to drop athens from your list . 
  if you see things purely from a financial standpoint they may be right because you really need to travel by plane to come here .
