i will be waiting for a similar declaration regarding greece in the foreseeable future , 
  fine with me . 
  we call you like that already . 
  with the intonation on the `` i '', 
  thanks for posting these \u03c0\u03b1\u03c4\u03c1\u03b9\u03ce\u03c4\u03b7 !, 
  patching some of the holes could be helpful as well, 
  yeah , that was the thing that struck me the most as well . 
  dude ... too soon, 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  so what do we do ? 
  we go full 1984 ? 
  we stop socializing ? 
  what are our choices ( regardless of how bad they are ) ? 
  so basically pray for dear life . 
  because we 've seen how much that last part has worked, 
  it is tempting , right ? 
  i meant more of a `` indoors '' solution . 
  things that people or authorities can do everyday . 
  i feel that at some point , enough is enough . 
  first the charlie hebdo , then the november attacks , almost an attack in german soil , now this ( not to mention the previous attacks in london , madrid ) . 
  obviously , we are n't doing everything we can, 
  he was in belgium for 4 months after the paris attacks . 
  he was number 1 on the wanted list . 
  unless he run an `` osama bin-laden-like '' operation , there is no way that noone saw him or knew who he was . 
  it saddens me , but you 're probably right . 
  what have we gotten ourselves into ... 
  i ca n't really disagree with what you 're saying . 
  however , i find it a bit of a stretch . 
  there are muslims that live and work in harmony with everyone else . 
  i believe these people should be in some way `` empowered '' because they are the only ones capable of helping in the problem we have `` indoors '' . 
  it is true on the other hand that the only fanatics capable of such crimes are muslims . 
  a `` radical '' christian will go and riot against gay marriage . 
  but a radical muslim , will blow himself up and take hundreds of innocent lives with him, 
  would you like to elaborate ? 
  he did n't suggest that we nuke the middle east . 
  he suggested that we used solar and nuclear power , so as to stop using gas and thus ending our dealings with the middle east, 
  clearly , many people have a problem with our standard , but instead of going back home they stay here and some even go as far as to plan these attacks . 
  so i think we should care, 
  from [ another post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bh9ci/jihadi_threat_in_europe_now_beyond_control_of/ ) , which was removed : i 've said it many times and i 'll say it again . 
  the only way to stop this threat , is with the help of the muslim communities . 
  they 've had a historical opportunity after the november attacks in paris to step forward and help identify radicals living all around europe , however they 've fallen short . 
  europe has built many `` molenbeeks '' . 
  because of the small wages , noone really cared up until now who these people are and how they feel about our laws , our ways and our values . 
  we always thought that radical islam was a problem that only the americans would have to face . 
  i just read an article which basically stated that two politicians of the islam party who were elected in the municipal elections in brussels , suggested imposing sharia law and gradually turning belgium into an islamic state . 
  we all probably saw the videos of the belgian police raid the other day , when they captured abdelslam , in which many muslim residents of the area were hostile against the police , obstructing their work and throwing stuff at them . 
  imo it is fairly obvious that terrorism is n't out there and wo n't come from outside , it 's here . 
  inside the suburbs we 've left alone for so long . 
  unless all the mentally-healthy muslim individuals , living and working in europe , side with us against that common threat , they 'll take the fall for the radicals as well . 
  europe is bound to change, 
  i 've said it many times and i 'll say it again . 
  the only way to stop this threat , is with the help of the muslim communities . 
  they 've had a historical opportunity after the november attacks in paris to step forward and help identify radicals living all around europe , however they 've fallen short . 
  europe has built many `` molenbeeks '' . 
  because of the small wages , noone really cared up until now who these people are and how they feel about our laws , our ways and our values . 
  we always thought that radical islam was a problem that only the americans would have to face . 
  i just read an article which basically stated that two politicians of the islam party who were elected in the municipal elections in brussels , suggested imposing sharia law and gradually turning belgium into an islamic state . 
  we all probably saw the videos of the belgian police raid the other day , when they captured abdelslam , in which many muslim residents of the area were hostile against the police , obstructing their work and throwing stuff at them . 
  imo it is fairly obvious that terrorism is n't out there and wo n't come from outside , it 's here . 
  inside the suburbs we 've left alone for so long . 
  unless all the mentally-healthy muslim individuals , living and working in europe , side with us against that common threat , they 'll take the fall for the radicals as well . 
  europe is bound to change, 
  my pleasure . 
  even though we identify ourselves as europeans and we have the eu , the truth is that we all come from different cultural backgrounds and it is important to help other people understand our ways . 
  the ottoman `` occupation '' was crucial for greek history because it posed many cultural challenges . 
  the fact that the greek language survived that time , shaped in many ways the profile of the modern greek, 
  i can only speak about greece and you are correct in a way . 
  people in greece put a lot of meaning into flags , names , symbols , history . 
  the main reason is that greeks identify themselves as the descendants of the people that lived here 3000 years ago . 
  that is based mostly on the greek language and partly on religion . 
  if a modern ( fairly educated ) greek grabs a text from 400 b.c. 
  he/she can not fully comprehend but he will understand many of the words and meanings of that text . 
  he/she will find the roots of the words used today , in that text . 
  that continued through the byzantine times , but religion was also added to the mix . 
  the greatest ordeal that the `` greek orthodox '' identity had to go through was the ottoman times . 
  and still , the language and the religion survived . 
  one of the biggest challenges for educated people of that time , who helped pave the road for the greek revolution of 1821 , was to keep the greek language alive . 
  in many cases that success is attributed to the orthodox church and the religious books , written in greek . 
  so yes , names and history play a big part for greeks . 
  is that a sign of not having anything to show for right now ? 
  maybe . 
  but someone has to take into consideration that continuity through the years and how hard people tried to preserve it . 
  if you add in that the fact that greece is n't a very multicultural society , you can see why people still cling on the past and try to identify themselves like that, 
  the funny thing is that greece has been doing almost the same thing with albania for quite some time . 
  there is a region/province in greece called epirus . 
  it 's in the borders with albania . 
  people in greece , refer to southern albania ( i do n't know if that province has a specific name ) as `` northern epirus '' . 
  the fact that there are some people there who are christian orthodox , probably of greek descent and may be speaking the greek language just actuates that . 
  although not many people here go as far as having any expansionist views for that area , it still sets the tone . 
  so yeah , the thing that greece accuses fyrom/macedonia of doing , is more or less the same thing that greece does with albania, 
  i am really glad it can help . 
  there may be some inaccuracies to what i 've just posted and i 'm open to any correction . 
  in any case , i really like it that more and more people seem to be interested in that and i hope i can help clear things up . 
  giannis mouzalas has a long history of volunteering in places were people are in need of help . 
  his services would be better utilized if the greek government said `` look , we have an issue on our hands , let 's have someone advise as on the asylum facilities . 
  someone who understands these people , their customs and their needs '' . 
  if that was the case , there is no person better than giannis mouzalas . 
  but in terms of influx control and foreign policy , you do need someone with a diplomatic background . 
  that would be the ideal situation , which as always , is far from the reality in greece, 
  it 's really helpful that you brought up italy because i wanted to post an example which i originally forgot .
