  this referendum never had any legitimacy to begin with . 
  it was never anything but an empty farce pushed along by a tory-dominated remain camp and a tory-dominated leave camp as part of a petty internal party struggle . 
  why should any non-tory do other than treat this mess with justifiable contempt and continue to hold the tories to account for the mess they 're making of the british economy and society ? 
  why should we treat anything the tories do as legitimate ? 
  sure they have all the executive and legislative power at the moment but they 're still just a useless repugnant gang of odious cunts lashed to the ship 's wheel . 
  how about no . 
  we 're not a tinpot little populist-state . 
  if people want their voices heard they can vote in a general election like usual . 
  otherwise the gov is free to act how it it sees fit . 
  that 's what parliamentary sovereignty is . 
  remainers do n't hate the working class . 
  they hate paul dacre , boris johnson , rupert murdoch and nigel farage . 
  none of whom can remotely be described as ` working class ' . 
  but i suppose it 's kind of terrifying to think that 16 million ordinary people hate your guts . 
  so no wonder they 're trying to divert attention onto other targets . 
  only half of that city is technically in europe though . 
  just feel lucky we 're not trying to make you pay for it . 
  because assad is a dreadful cunt but at least the syrians did n't overwhelmingly vote for him in free and fair elections . 
  they 're blameless on that account . 
  ca n't say the same for the turks and erdogan . 
  whatever . 
  the point is there wo n't be millions . 
  most of them are already in germany . 
  it 's too late . 
  and anyway once you set this up the refugee intake will drop to zero anyway . 
  migrants are n't particularly keen on living in a joyless sterile refugee camp while waiting for their asylum claim to be processed . 
  they 'll stop coming . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/telegraph/multimedia/archive/01366/royal-navy-taurus-_1366125i.jpg ), 
  [ yep , basically just this . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why does n't the eu just build a big wall and tell turkey to fuck off . 
  it would only have to be , what , 1/20th the length of trump 's wall ? 
  too bad finland did n't have the guts not to ally with the nazis . 
  turkey and russia . 
  those two great leaders of the free world . 
  such great influencers of western public opinion . 
  how fast do you think rivers change ? 
  think about it this way , which country would be more easily able to administrate those areas ? 
  the only solution i can see to this problem would be for armenia to eventually join nato . 
   the border dispute will surely have to be resolved should be easy , considering croatia is clearly in the wrong here . 
  no you ca n't draw the border based on where the river * used * to be . 
  that 's absurd . 
  imo the only sensible policy the uk gov should have about the south china sea is no opinion at all . 
  you do n't pick a fight with china over its own backyard swimming pool . 
  not for a bunch of uninhabited rocks and coral reefs . 
  there is absolutely no reason to have a dog in that fight . 
  just jump straight in at the deep end . 
  how can i refute any point you make when you do n't make any point at all ? 
  the conservatives have never gone to war ? 
  that 's wrong . 
  the conservatives wo n't try intervening in the middle east again ? 
  that 's wrong too . 
  the conservatives have been anything but a militaristic and hawkish voice in british parliament ? 
  that 's deeply wrong . 
  whatever point you 're trying to grope towards will be wrong and , yeah , naive . 
  nothing but partisan circlejerking . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  of course it has n't happened yet . 
  that 's the point . 
  i was n't complaining about tories anyhow . 
  they 're just the ones who are going to be in government for the near future . 
  sorry you 're so butthurt but you clearly ca n't read and none of your arguments make any sense . 
  my original comment was about anticipation of future military interventions . 
  you 'd likewise have to be deeply ignorant to think the libyan or syrian crises have in any sense of the word ` ended ' . 
  but you did n't bother to critically think about any of that , you just immediately tried to derail everything into whining about an almost decade-old conflict in the most cloyingly obnoxious peace of whataboutism i 've seen . 
  actually no i was n't talking about iraq . 
  if anything i was thinking of libya and syria , both interventions firmly supported by the tory party . 
  you 'd have to be a deeply ignorant person to think britain 's military history in the middle east only began in '03 and ended in late '07, 
  i know you 're trying you 're hardest to be snarky but the truth is the post-ww2 military history of great britain has been an almost unbroken stretch of colonial misadventures and imperial decline . 
  sad how easily some people seem to forget . 
  because what you said was breathtakingly naive and i was curious why you said it . 
  how old are you ? 
  what good is the poor bloody infantry going to do these days anyhow ? 
  a large army would do nothing but empower the tories to send them off to die in some distant desert shitthole . 
  meanwhile in an actual honest to-god defensive war , boots on the ground would accomplish nothing but act as targets for russian bombers and drones . 
  where 's the upside ? 
  you 're not an island . 
  you 're part of an island . 
   after the brexit yeahhh , it 's still not happened yet . 
   also how do you even get elected with such a name ? 
  you tweet it . 
  sounds very french to me . 
  `` you know , i think this new century 's gon na be absolutely great for germany . '', 
  if you 're wearing a bridal veil anywhere outside your own wedding then you 're either miss havisham or a creepy face-eating ghost . 
  well , he did n't break the rules . 
  that 's not true . 
  so i 'm pretty curious why you 're pushing that narrative . 
  sour grapes . 
  you 're right . 
  instead you should go swimming with a concrete overcoat . 
  yes the future health of the nation * is * more important than bowing to mindless selfish populism . 
  oh boo-boo capitalism is terrible is n't it ? 
  let 's all cry into starbucks lattes and tweet about it on our iphone 6 's . 
  hell , build some plants and factories there too and undercut chinese wages . 
  germany has a general election next year does n't it ? 
  that 'll be the true acid test of the acceptability of merkel 's policies amongst the german electorate . 
  should have been a friendship bracelet . 
  london 's evil mini-me, 
  the problem is that you can not vote against the eu without also implicitly voting in favour of something else .
