  the centre just gained 4 seats on the last election . 
  only if you take dup with you . 
  * for ` tis the sport to have the engineer * * hoist with her own petard ; and it shall go hard * * but i will delve one yard below her mines * * and blow her at the moon : o , ` tis most sweet , * * when in one line two crafts directly meet . 
  democracy is a cruel bitch . 
  but i love her so much . 
  they officially backed leave though . 
  i remember being shocked when i read the editorial . 
  one detects the heavy-hand of murdoch . 
   the `` trump bump '' has so far proved surprisingly feeble what a surprise . 
  i like the idea of nationalism just being another kind of ` safe space ' . 
  that chimes with my experiences with right wingers . 
  well it 's simply not going to happen . 
  eu countries are not us states . 
  they will not ever give up their right to choose how many foreigners come into their country . 
  the eu will never cooperate on supranational level when it comes to immigration . 
  i mean , would you even want it to to ? 
  it 's likely that whatever rules came into place would be markedly less liberal than the netherlands 's or norway 's homegrown rules . 
  if you want to work in norway you do have to learn norwegian . 
  sorry but that just seems fair mate . 
  i 'll beleives it when i sees it . 
  you ca n't whine nato is threatening you while stockpiling nuclear weapons in kaliningrad . 
  it does seem to sum up russia though , being a big fat bully while simultaneously also a whiny little bitch . 
  a corrupt violent gangster state shaking down its neighbours for protection money . 
  [ the map does n't lie . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/ei49icis770z.jpg ), 
  america bombs jihadis and baathist despots . 
  russia meanwhile shells ukrainian civilians , shoots down dutch airliners and points nukes at paris , london and new york . 
  fuck those cunts . 
  maybe they should . 
  who is the west attacking ? 
  well he 's destabilising ukraine for one . 
  thanks for the / s , i would n't have got that otherwise . 
  have a nice night . 
  this was n't a debate . 
  i was just trying to waste your time . 
  better than trash ? 
  as well-referenced as trash ? 
  your sources are trash . 
  i do n't need to find a source just to point out that yours are n't worth much . 
  anyway there 's no evidence to suggest if we started defending our borders for once then it would solve the current migrant crisis because no one has ever tried it before . 
  at least not in living memory . 
  i doubt imperial germany , kingdom of italy , or austria-hungary for example would have tolerated muslim migrants swarming out of the ottoman empire into their lands en-masse but we do n't know that because no one was ever stupid enough to try it . 
  i do n't believe that source . 
  it does n't provide any estimates of the number of people who supposedly ` drowned ' at that time not what they mean exactly by `` full-scale '' rescue operations . 
  also as a news source the guardian is as reliable as breitbart . 
  i do n't think so . 
  coast guard began rescuing people immediately . 
  that 's what turned the human trafficking into a viable business . 
  when ? 
  if the ngos wo n't save them then they wo n't go . 
  except the ngos have n't stepped up , they 've just exacerbated the problem by making the borders even more insecure . 
  more people will die because of what they 're doing . 
  europe should obviously pay for its own security . 
  europe 's border forces . 
  shut down the far right boats and shut down the far left taxi services . 
  it 's the only fair way . 
  no they should have exercised their brain cells for two minutes before signing on to this half-baked unwieldy monetary system in the first place . 
  i did it . 
  not apparently when it comes to softwood lumber . 
  it 's an imperfect solution because regulatory creep will naturally create more and more non-tariff barriers as time goes on . 
  non-tariff barriers can also act as a way to enact protectionist legislation by the backdoor . 
  too much of these barriers will eventually lead to mutual recrimination and distrust between trading partners and potentially lead to a trade war . 
  for a contemporary example of how this can all go disastrously wrong take the example of usa and china , or the usa and germany , or the usa and mexico or the usa and canada . 
  no you did n't . 
  mutual recognition would put raw milk into australian supermarkets . 
  something australian politicians and by extension the australian electorate have rejected outright . 
  you can step on the rights of the raw milk exporters/consumers or you can step on the rights of the australian electorate who do n't want it in in their country . 
  but you ca n't step on neither . 
  it 's not hypothetical . 
  i 'm outlining a non-tariff barrier that exists in the real world . 
  if you 're a raw milk dairy farmer you can sell your produce in france , england or germany but not australia , scotland or scandinavia . 
  well australia has n't done that because they have n't accepted all of the eu 's food standards . 
  including for example raw milk . 
  are you going to force australians to accept raw milk just because the europeans find it acceptable ? 
  that would involve the side with the stronger standards lowering those standards to accept that produce . 
  do n't forget your pop music and blue jeans . 
  harmonisation * is * needed to remove non-tariff barriers . 
  you can go without one or you can go without the other . 
  you ca n't just have neither . 
  australia protects their food standards by limiting imports that do n't meet those standards . 
  that qualifies as a non-tariff barrier . 
  but do n't you accept that without harmonisation what 'll happen then would be a race to the bottom over food standards and safety ? 
  internal barriers is an ambiguous term . 
  it does n't just mean tariffs it can mean something as banal as a law banning chlorinated chicken . 
  poland too . 
  actually in this specific thread we were conjecturing if the nordic states could have a separate visa policy towards norway compared to the rest of the schengen area . 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  the principle of the eu is sound : create an area which minimises internal market barriers at all costs , and then diplomatically expand that area as much as possible . 
  it 's a bottom-up approach to free trade instead of the top-down approach as practised by the wto . 
  if i had my way we 'd expand the eu to every compatible democratic , liberal and westernised nation from the us and canada to argentina , japan and israel . 
  it 's not about the eu . 
  it 's about the schengen zone which mandates a common visa policy . 
  those rights would have to renegotiated . 
  noway may have left schengen but finland , sweden , denmark and iceland would still be members and have to abide by its rules . 
   provided that it is committed to it . 
  well it 's not . 
  can you really be a beacon of free market global trade when one of your constituent nations is france ? 
  it gets by prioritising the needs of its member countries over the needs of third party nations , as norway , in this hypothetical would be . 
  you know as well as i do that the eu considers the four freedoms to be sacred and indivisible .
