  it will give montenegro first-mover advantage though . 
  are ukrainians prepared to go as far as to formally renounce donbass and crimea if it comes to it though ? 
  if you consider a smartphone a ` necessity ' then you do n't deserve to live in a stateless society . 
  it made hamburg look like a failed state . 
  if i was merkel i would be mortified . 
  that 's because they do n't get any funds back . 
  norway , switzerland and iceland pay the membership fees and they did n't get ceta . 
  if this is really supposed to be a qualitatively superior trade deal than the type we could have negotiated in the eu it 'll have to go a lot further than that . 
  we did n't have to pay for ceta . 
  unless you mean the costs it took to negotiate it . 
  in which we 'll have paid twice over for the same deal . 
  wait , hold on . 
  if this canada deal is just going to be a rehash of the the ceta deal , then why was it worth it to leave the eu in the first place ? 
  i thought we were supposed to be getting better trade deals . 
  but it 's such a fucking great story though . 
  does n't change the fact that without globalisation singapore would be basically be another brunei or laos . 
  singapore has no natural resources to speak of , no great industrial base , not even any land so it ca n't even feed itself , all it has is the trade it gets from being on the strait of malacca . 
  * global * trade . 
  because of * globalisation . 
  clearly i was n't talking about defence , climate change or lobbying . 
  but what the fuck justification is there for passing federal laws on who gets to go to the bathroom , or what your healthplan should be ? 
  where would singapore be without globalisation . 
  some kind of swamp-hamlet ? 
  all the federal government needs to be is a big dumb instrument to redistribute a portion of tax revenue from high growth states to low growth states . 
  almost everything else can be done at a state level . 
  abortion rights , gun rights , almost every kind of social law or public spending . 
  why does congress need to rule on any of it ? 
  there are severe structural flaws with the us constitution imo . 
  it does n't do enough to prevent an excessively powerful and centralised executive and legislature . 
  as a result , democrats and republicans have no choice but to endlessly wrench at the steering wheel . 
  mississippi republicans or california democrats simply ca n't afford to allow the other to get hold of the levers of government . 
  there 's too much at stake . 
  the principles of jeffersonian democracy have been utterly forgotten . 
  of course , europe does n't have the mix right either . 
  washington dc should n't have unlimited power , but wallonia should n't have an unlimited veto either . 
  you need a big umbrella government to protect against climate change , security threats or corporate wrongdoing . 
  but underneath that the government should be a skeleton crew with all significant decisions made at the national level . 
  even if all they do is kill terrorists * in * saudi arabia with their secret police , that 's enough . 
  the country occupies a geopolitically indispensable region . 
  the west simply ca n't afford to let it be taken over by hostile elements . 
  if leftists detest communism then they should n't associate with people who burn cars , vandalise buildings and attack police in the name of communism . 
  they 're sharia-loving islamist dicks , but they kill terrorists . 
  probably checking on their smartphones . 
  i can see the confidence and supply deal evolving into formal coalition . 
  the tories have been drifting to the right socially speaking while the 1.5 billion bung will keep the dup happy for quite a while . 
  if g20 was exclusively the 20 largest economies in the world the following countries would be out : * argentina * south africa * saudi arabia and the following would be in : * switzerland * netherlands * spain devil 's advocate though : the top three contribute far more to global security than the bottom three . 
  indeed , ` dictatorship of the proletariat ' . 
  it 's marxist orthodoxy . 
  of course , who will lead the proletariat ? 
  why the wise , educated vanguard party of course . 
  a party in turn that embraces ` democratic centralism ' where decisions are made by a steering committee and handed down by the executive . 
  all of which entails the creation of a de-facto authoritarian one-party-state . 
  it 's never been this bad before . 
  the antifa has gone feral and germany right now is like their personal citadel . 
  next meeting will be hosted in some secure isolated location i guarantee it . 
  every country except the ones that accept high levels of inward migration . 
  yes but a shrinking working-age population is a pan-european problem . 
  even eastern europe 's population is rapidly ageing let alone germany 's . 
  violence : the cause of and solution to , all of life 's problems . 
  as the working-age population shrinks , the cost of labour will precipitously rise . 
  inflation will go up , and it will be people with savings and fixed incomes that suffer the most , ie : old people . 
  * fog over channel * * continent cut off *, 
  it 's the older generation that decided not to have kids , and its the older generation who will ultimately suffer for it . 
  harsh but true . 
  which law supersedes king charles ' ii 's law ? 
  all i 've heard about the uk doing is withdrawing from the eu and then the fisheries convention . 
  withdrawing from a treaty is not the same as revoking a law . 
  turkey is such a yandere . 
  does n't seem to deter anyone though . 
  funny how these ` horror stories ' go straight into west 's media centres but never seem to filter down into the prospective migrant populations in the third world . 
  * turn round * drop trousers * bend over thanks amnesty . 
  do n't bother , it 's not funny . 
  maybe greece could defend its own borders then it would n't have this problem . 
  democracy is good . 
  but qualified majority voting is stupid . 
  it 's two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have to dinner . 
  maybe the west will regain their sanity at some point , but until then qmv needs to be suspended . 
  can you taste all the delicious progress yet ? 
  ` rules ' apparently mean eating up whatever half-baked self-destructive policy the swedes and germans vomit up . 
  not just eastern europe . 
  this is hugely brexit-related . 
  during the referendum brexiters went absolutely mental over how apparently slow and sclerotic the eu was over trade deals . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlq3gbiopc4 ), 
  it fit a pattern stretching back to the last two referendums . 
  whichever side the tories were on , no to av and better together respectively , they fought low and dirty and won by the skin of their teeth . 
  until finally you had a referendum in which both sides were run by tories . 
  it was inevitable the whole thing would end up like a dog-fight in a sewer . 
  self-determination is a double-edged sword . 
  what if barcelona then votes to be independent of catalonia ? 
  should they be allowed ? 
  the rule should be yes must constitute 50 % +1 of the entire electorate , not just turnout . 
  whose running this referendum , david cameron ? 
  i think the political class just think 's it 's cheaper to let them in and pay for their benefits than pay for all the policing , deportation and border protection it would take to keep them out . 
  it 's horribly shortsighted . 
  they just do n't factor in that making life cushy for immigrants just exacerbates all the pull factors and increases the flow . 
  so it 's turkey we have to blame for the kardashians ? 
  you bastards . 
  bulgarians too i guess . 
  that 's stupid and childish .
