  it 's just a name . 
   mujahideen that just means soldier for islam . 
  it 's not the name for a discrete organisation . 
  this anti-russia/pro-russia dichotomy always strikes me as a deliberate attempt to distort the narrative . 
  you can be pro-some parts of russia and anti-other parts . 
  it 's a big country with a long history . 
  your opinion can exist outside the `` neocon cold warrior '' / `` russian stooge '' spectrum . 
  the problem with orban is n't that he 's pro-russian . 
  the problem is that he 's as crooked as a dog 's hind leg . 
  they just want their handouts . 
  le pen may be a racist but she 's promised to not be stingy with welfare payments . 
  i just do n't respect your argument enough to argue against it . 
  they 're not though . 
  should have gone for bohemia . 
  it has that retro indie feel . 
  nato is n't imperialist tho . 
   i doubt nato should get credit for the danes not being attacked . 
  i do . 
  the ussr was a violent , imperialist autocracy . 
  they would have taken over all of western europe if they thought they could have gotten away with it . 
  that tends to happen when you join a defensive alliance . 
  people stop attacking you . 
  his whole career is based on accurate prediction . 
  weather forecasts get things wrong all the time . 
  does that mean we have to shut down the entire science of meteorology ? 
  rather shallow analysis i found . 
  [ did n't bring up the impact of foreign investment in london real estate for example . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/40a42390-c857-11e6-9043-7e34c07b46ef ), 
  well technically no , neither of those things pay for socialist policies . 
  taxes pay for it . 
  taxes paid by companies and people all too willing to up sticks if they 're feeling exploited . 
   gdp growth is not a goal inherently worth pursuing . 
  try paying for your socialist policies without it . 
  unfortunately you do n't really have the option of creating a protectionist `` worker 's paradise '' while you 're in the eu . 
  companies will just relocate elsewhere in the single market to escape the french government and export their goods and services back to an increasingly moribund domestic market . 
  uncompetitiveness simply is n't an option . 
  there 's no disputing the fact that [ france 's economic growth has lagged behind its western european peers . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3a%2f%2fcom.ft.imagepublish.prod.s3.amazonaws.com%2f714a90ba-fea8-11e6-96f8-3700c5664d30?source=next&amp;fit=scale-down&amp;width=600 ) a product of hollande 's inability to reduce the tax burden . 
  in this day and age being pro-market is being anti-establishment . 
  looking at some one the right and the left , actually helping the economy grow seems to be turning into a dirty word . 
  macron 's success has everything to do with the abject failure of the old left to actually fix people 's problems or even understand what those problems are . 
  it 's in nato because it 's a tough regional land power with a strong historical dislike of communism . 
  those things have n't changed . 
  the point of nato is to bring about peace and stability . 
  i do n't see how throwing a strop and kicking out turkey would do that . 
  you guys are giving me so many flashbacks right now . 
  i 'm sure they contribute lots to the dutch economy . 
  after all , that 's the most important thing right ? 
  ... right ? 
  good thing eu and nato exists then . 
  probably for the best . 
  after all , sometimes mainland brits forget even northern ireland exists and that 's just the next island over . 
  they would probably have no strong feelings one way or the other . 
   although they can not reach the uk at the moment , it would still be pretty stupid to gamble the lives of so many people just not be called a coward . 
  operative words there being : `` at the moment . '', 
  in fact , when you frame it like that it would be an extremely savvy move to neutralise north korea now sooner than later . 
  great , you just turned russia into a superpower . 
  i 'd rather be nuked . 
  well they have a word for that : swiss . 
  that would n't be wisdom , that would be cowardice . 
  if it could save lives then i hope we would . 
  anyone else think the eye of terror looks more like an infected anus ? 
  they should call it the crack of terror at the very least . 
  politics aside , / r/bordergore, 
  i 'm not sure about the rules here . 
  i assumed it would be a permanent sea . 
  like the topography would change as well . 
  that 's some supervillain level shit . 
  it would be an extremely messy divorce that 's true . 
  but for it to turn into a war someone would have to fire the first shot . 
  in which case that side would face all the opprobrium for triggering a new balkan war . 
  if republika srpska wanted to be independent it would have to make absolutely sure that it would n't be anyone on their side that fired that first shot . 
  that would destroy their legitimacy . 
  to be honest i do n't think right now it could possibly make that guarantee . 
  if it carried the process out legally , peacefully and democratically then no country would have an excuse to enact sanctions or threaten war . 
  republika srpska 's constitution is a legally binding document . 
  in it , it explicitly recognises itself as part of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  presumably if it became independent one of its first acts would to amend its constitution to declare itself a sovereign country . 
  where 's the confusion ? 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  according to its own constitution republika srpska is not independent . 
  kosovo is . 
  republika srpska is a autonomous entity of bosnia and herzegovina , not a separate country . 
   why cant republika srpska krajina leave croatia , or republika srpska leave bosnia ? 
  because they can . 
  call a referendum . 
  vote for independence . 
  declare independence . 
  country that should be made into a sea is chad . 
  not for any nefarious reasons just because it would bring water to the sahara . 
  no , the data does n't show that . 
  the data shows british people hate immigration and other than that their feelings of the eu are decided by how much their fuzzy understanding of the situation can draw a direct line between eu membership and the country 's net migration rate . 
  please , most brits probably could n't even spell maastricht . 
  all this so-called `` rage '' is fake plastic anger cooked up in fleet street offices , smoky backrooms and tate tearooms . 
  the eu should n't be interfering in countries ' domestic politics though . 
  sort of like the premier league but across the entire eu , with teams like bayern munich and real madrid playing each other every week . 
  would it encourage the erasure of borders and greater european unity , or needlessly stamp out football at a national level and ruin club football ? 
  [ article link here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/competitions/champions-league/10741352/bayern-munichs-dominance-in-germany-means-now-is-the-time-for-a-european-superleague.html ), 
  after football which sport do you think is the most popular ? 
  my money 's on it being either basketball or tennis .
