  literally hothousing the debate . 
  even geographically it 's on the right . 
  hey they never made a movie about indiana jones fighting environmentalists for a reason you know . 
  no one wants to see that . 
  maybe if ` no ' wins , juncker and the rest of the arrogant and complacent european establishment will finally at least get their heads out their arses and try to fix europe 's glaring problems . 
  america yes !, 
  exactly . 
  abdul artan , the somali refugee killed in columbus , ohio in the midst of conducting a terrorist attack , is believed to have lied about his age to receive benefits , including free college tuition and fast-tracked entry into the country . 
  very sensible . 
  an individual whose claim for asylum has been rejected is basically an illegal immigrant at that point . 
  that does not seem remotely the basis for stable government . 
  yeah it would make the flag look like a potato . 
  wow , i 've never seen a company kick the shit out of its bottom-line so bad . 
  all power to them but this is business suicide . 
   if you wo n't even accept albania or bosnia we should n't accept them anyway , they 're dirt poor and raddled with crime and corruption . 
  honestly i do n't believe any majority muslim country should be in the eu . 
  without a common culture keeping it glued together the eu * will * disintegrate . 
  the hillary clinton approach . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  where is it ? 
  it 's in the fucking white house . 
  if not in the oval office and least in the vice president 's office and in the white house chief of staff 's office . 
  not to mention in congress and the vast majority of state legislatures . 
  christ , what a stupid article . 
  t. germany . 
   ca n't we just say that the euro will get better some day only if all eurozone members consent to full fiscal union with each other . 
  i do n't think they 're going to be willing to do that , do you ? 
  if they do n't though they 're going to be murdering the euro , and so by extension their own economies . 
  out of spite . 
  the cia finally got to him did they ? 
  lmao, 
  canadians are fucking weird . 
  enjoy living next to trump . 
  you deserve each other . 
  lol `` gain control '' . 
  mama merkel opens the floodgates to one million migrants and then starts bitching and whining because the v4 do n't follow her retarded example . 
  sorry but no one 's interested in having any of that ` ficki ficki ' thank you very much . 
  everyone saw what happened in nice , paris and cologne . 
  are you for real ? 
  legend, 
  maybe if w.europe actually grew some balls this time around . 
  the aegean is a sea . 
  that 's already enough of a barrier . 
  all you need is a halfway decent coastguard to intercept the boats . 
  why was this not option 1 already ? 
  but this decision was n't made by elected politicians , it was made by donald tusk and other eu officials . 
  the point is that these kinds of policies are precisely what 's going to propel the populist right to power in the first place . 
  selfish but perceptive . 
  you have to give them that . 
  uhhh maybe in the current circumstances , with the rise of a populist right wing backlash against immigration , we should maybe hold off on this kind of thing , maybe ? 
  problem is that if you stop looking outwards you start to look inwards instead . 
  uk is looking inwards right now , so is america . 
  so expect things to start to shift if something is n't done to stop it . 
  16,141,241 to be exact . 
  this will only end when the politicians finally crank open the pandora 's box completely open and let the monster of fascism all the way out . 
  fools . 
  well he need n't be so rude about it . 
  maybe something like : `` turkey , we like you as a friend . 
  but we 're not looking for a relationship right now . 
  it 's not you , it 's us . '', 
  there so many black marks against it : a muslim nation of 70 million with a weak economy and a poor human rights record literally bordering isis territory . 
  like the eye of jupiter . 
  well personally , i prefer my non-racist hard right to your racist far right . 
  i 'm not defending ukip 's policies . 
  i 'm just saying why they 're not racist * per se * . 
  they 're a civic nationalist party , not an ethnic nationalist one like * front national * or * golden dawn *, 
  i disagree , in tribute to farage we 've created a vast shitstorm all in his honour . 
   other europeans . 
  well exactly . 
  farage demands that all immigrants be treated the same no matter what country of origin . 
  it would be a colour-blind border policy . 
  legal action will presumably be taken . 
  that 's not one of their policies . 
  they may have been taught basic maths but i doubt they were taught about confirmation bias . 
  i imagine charlie brooker is getting increasingly sick of being right all the time . 
  starting ? 
  boris never grew up . 
  he 's a classic candidate for arrested development disorder . 
  * it begins *, 
  without a common refugee policy , without a common defence policy , without political reform . 
  then the eu will simply cease to exist . 
  that 'll be inevitable . 
  and the effect of that will make the euro crisis , the credit crunch , brexit and all these things look like a children 's tea party . 
  it 'll be a solid decade of instability , both economic and probably political as well . 
   the internal market that 's what he 's stating : schengen , euro , the cap rebate those are all features intended to ` smooth ' out the remaining barriers in the single market . 
  no one , i repeat , no one has suggested a comprehensive european policy on education or gun control , or gay rights , euthanasia , healthcare or a pan-european welfare safety-net . 
  any decision which * can * be made at a national level * must * be made at a national level . 
  and no one is seriously suggesting otherwise . 
  apart from in the case of completing the single market , policing , immigration , refugee policy , border control and military defence as described in the above videos . 
  you utterly ignored his point on subsidiarity . 
  the solution has been obvious for decades now . 
  check out guy verhofstadt 's plans for a new europe : 1 . 
  [ elected president ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiv7wrbrjbo ) 2 . 
  [ a stronger union , at home . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz4gr-0molc ) 3 . 
  [ a stronger union , abroad . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swrl05scdlq ) 4 . 
  [ a government for the euro . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mlxr3bn7mq ) 5 . 
  [ completing the single market .
