  well they sure as hell were n't planning on attacking an eid festival . 
  all the seas i listed are sub-regions of the same ocean . 
  so technically that list could have just read : north atlantic . 
  really ? 
  because according to my notes europe is surrounded , going counter-clockwise , by the north sea , the channel , the north atlantic , the straits of gibraltar , the entire mediterranean , the aegean , the marmara sea , the black sea , the caspian , the white sea and the entire arctic ocean . 
  and quotas too . 
  it 's pretty goddam hypocritical of them to have a go at close-minded xenophobic isolationist brexiters ... and then to immediately scaremonger and bullshit over a fairly routine free trade deal . 
  the judiciary are n't the ones that voted this law through parliament . 
   the irony is that these people probably have next to no contact with the immigrants they despise so much . 
  aaron banks is a multi-millionaire so i 'm sure he has a lot of contact with ~ ~ immigrants . ~ ~ oops sorry i meant tax-exiles . 
  the hungarians will conquer it only to hand it over to their rightful masters . 
  rotherham happened over six years ago , not last fucking week . 
  meanwhile the uk immigration policy is to stop them at calais rather than let them prowl our streets and swimming pools . 
   he managed to be released making use of favorable provisions of the paraskevopoulos law for the decongestion of prisons this kills the schengen . 
  the british justice system is designed keep the scum the fuck away from our kids . 
  it does a so-so job at that . 
  well it worked though did n't it ? 
  he 's getting a disgustingly-light sentence . 
  no , it was the belgians . 
  they launched a surprise attack and the helpless german reich had no choice but to defend themselves . 
  pretty much . 
  everyone else just wanted to get past it . 
  the germans meanwhile had a massive victim complex over the whole thing . 
  germans were the kings of ww1 revisionism though . 
  a fiscal union is a political union . 
  fiscal policy is governmental policy . 
  oh fuck did you see that , a giant stalin just knocked over the eiffel tower and is coming ur way . 
  i do n't know , i think it 's [ quite fetching . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/26/common_face_of_one_euro_coin.jpg ), 
  exactly so why would they lift a finger to help kosovo ? 
  that 's pretty tortured logic . 
  that 's not an issue because serbia already recognizes the kosovan government . 
  including implicitly the international borders . 
  that 's a different question from sovereignty . 
  it does n't have a border dispute . 
  everyone is perfectly aware where the boundary between kosovo and serbia lies . 
  it has a * sovereignty * dispute and a non-violent one at that . 
  which is n't covered . 
  it would be deeply hypocritical if they did try to block serbia accession on those grounds . 
  5 eu states do n't recognise kosovo either . 
  1453 surely . 
  that bear 's not as friendly as [ the last one . 
  gulenists ? 
  is that really likely ? 
   al-qaeda came to be as a jihadi organization fighting against soviet invasion of afghanistan . 
  well , congrats . 
  they won . 
  can they go home already ? 
  well , good luck with that . 
  for 500 years europe has fought to resist ottoman invasion of mainland europe . 
  but now we 're just going to let them roll right in . 
  aka : taking advantage of other people 's stupidity . 
  uh yeah , pretty much . 
  well she 'll be running against fillon , so who knows how much of her civic nationalist base he 'll be able to leech away . 
   we can not let it fester uncontrolled apparently we can and will . 
  oh christ , what a shit argument . 
  i ca n't imagine what sort of holocaust you think must be going on in tunisia to justify such an asinine opinion . 
  20 years later under le pen there wo n't be any more foreigners . 
  my only question about isis anymore is will it last long enough for trump to be able to take credit for its collapse ? 
  the ` hand of peace ' . 
  \\  be american \\  get shot, 
  there 's a string . 
  it 's a little safety string . 
  they can still be accountants and managers . 
  but at they at least need to be halfway competent . 
  emphasis on the word * career * . 
  she squeezed her influence for every penny she could . 
  within the law of course , but still . 
  poseidon 's war on the russians is going well it seems . 
  the same charge can be levelled at baby boomers . 
  well it 's interesting . 
  you call le pen ` right ' but in my books the left-right spectrum is all about the level of state intervention in the economy . 
  taxation vs spending . 
  i 'd characterise le pen as a racist/xenophobic left winger . 
  in which case her young supporters follow the general global trend for being more interested in leftist policies than the general population . 
  as to why french young people are n't as keen on their social liberalism anymore , well , i think we 're all aware of the reason for that . 
  so they 're right . 
  the problem with third way was n't the policies , the ideology is still philosophical indisputable . 
  it 's been the woeful crop of politicians who have been committed to carrying it out . 
  the current political establishment has been composed of some truly worthless individuals . 
  i ca n't speak over the efficacy of renzi but blair and cameron for instance have been utter disasters . 
  hillary clinton , for instance , * jesus christ * , hillary fucking rodham clinton . 
  oh i can answer this . 
  because the argument for brexit is so effing weak . 
  if you went into the referendum campaign with an open mind then you would be far more likely to vote for remain than leave . 
  it was an economic argument with a feet of clay . 
  old people were n't convinced because they already had decided they were against the european union years or decades before the campaign . 
  by the time the referendum came along they did n't trust the economic information that was coming from the imf , the treasury and goldman sachs . 
  so they defaulted to their gut decision . 
   i am still hopeful we can have the same outcome as last time . 
  you want the vote to be cancelled again ? 
  are you mad ? 
  if hofer wins then you can thank europe 's weak and pathetic response to the migrant crisis . 
  if you let down your people of course they 'll find someone else rule them . 
  it 's ridiculous but it 's also their prerogative . 
  to be fair , greece is utterly in the right . 
  ancient macedonia was unquestionably a greek state , at a time when the slavs had n't even settled in the area . 
  that said , it 's a bit of a overreaction to block accession , it hurts greece too . 
  great keep dissolving borders . 
  that 'll solve the migrant crisis .
