  if lebanon is a black sheep what does that make israel ? 
  that 's not a state that 's a reverse donbass . 
   bosnia & herzegovina , openly calling it a failed state if half your country is accusing the other half of being a ` failed state ' then by definition it sorta is . 
  indeed we just learned lebanon is about to hold its first gay pride parade . 
  [ they call it `` salami tactics . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y-yyawcgiq ), 
   scouting group there it is . 
  you seem to have got your image of 16-year-olds from old reruns of `` leave it to beaver . '', 
  ideology has nothing to do with it , it 's bribing eldsters for their votes . 
  that 's what you get for being the demographic with far and away the highest turnout . 
  exactly we could waive odious debt and scrap the cap for starters . 
  * yet *, 
  why transport a full sized body when you can just surgically remove the brain and spinal cord and transport them in vacuum-sealed bags ? 
  3d print a replica body at the destination and bobs your uncle . 
  ha , i did n't notice that . 
  that 's cute . 
  the legislative branch is in charge of funding the federal budget . 
  if the legislative branch fails to do that , causing a crisis , then that is a failure of that branch . 
  the fact that they deliberately failed instead of out of incompetence is neither here nor there . 
  the effect is the same , caused by the same flaw , the weakness of that branch . 
  i said local interests are represented , i did n't say * everyone 's * interests are represented . 
  obviously that would be impractical . 
  count according to whom ? 
  what criteria are you using ? 
  a plurality of voter 's interests are represented . 
  that 's enough . 
  yep . 
  candidate with the largest vote share wins the seat . 
  it 's not designed to do that though . 
  it 's designed to give representation to local interests , not fringe political movements . 
  for a broken system it seems to have worked perfectly in this instance . 
  thankfully he 's also terrible at being terrible . 
  7 elections and by-elections and he never won a seat in the commons . 
  sure , except for all the shooting , frontier wars and genocide . 
  i would n't say a powerful executive is the problem , more the weak legislature . 
  i do n't know how any civilised country could tolerate government shutdowns for example . 
  that seems particularly egregious . 
  exactly . 
  schengen does n't work if one member state decides to unilaterally throw open its borders to the outside world . 
  imagine the crisis that would occur in the usa if every state had absolute control over their immigration policy for example . 
  california would probably evict ice and grant citizenship to every mexican crossing the border . 
  democracy . 
  democracy . 
  democracy . 
  scrap the european commission . 
  all power should instead be in the hands of the european parliament . 
  or maybe europe can actually start enforcing its borders for once . 
  your perception of british culture is lowest common denominator trash . 
  we drone strike a few hundred extremists at best . 
  meanwhile the muslim world has one of the highest fertility rates in the world . 
  the beacons are lit !, 
  cyprus calls for aid !, 
  policies ? 
  it 's a travel alert , not a bloody military blockade . 
  they have the power because they were given to it by the treaty of lisbon . 
  they have a democratic mandate to do it . 
  well the eu disagrees and they 're the ones with legislative control . 
   no gun violence problem here . 
  well there was that french cop shot a few weeks ago on the champs elysees to start with . 
  you appreciate there 's a trade-off to be made here though , yes ? 
  surely the czech republic ca n't think it can have open borders with the rest of the eu and unregulated gun laws at the same time ? 
  i 'd agree with everything you said , except the part about the eu being unable to fix its flaws . 
  that 's precisely the same faux-pessimism peddled by brexiteers during the eu referendum campaign . 
  i say ` faux ' because of course they would be delighted if the eu fell apart . 
  at the end of the day , peddling ideas like that , which i simply do n't believe , do nothing but empower the forces of chaos , disunity and atomisation in my mind . 
  you need a grandparent who was irish . 
  you 'd think an ambassador would know that . 
  why do we even have passports ? 
  any traitor who abandons their glorious motherland to travel to foreign shores should be immediately be put to death or otherwise exiled . 
  it 's all they deserve . 
  `` hey , i can cut back on sharia anytime i want ! '', 
  ca n't blame them . 
  since charlie hebdo it feels like there 's been a relentless march of terror incidents in europe . 
  it 's not something i am used to and quite frankly i 'm not prepared to get used to it either . 
  presumably she heard brownshirts were marching in the town centre and got the wrong end of the stick . 
  pretty much . 
  federalism is the only way to take the wind out of the snp 's sails . 
  otherwise they 're guaranteed to ride this current tide of petty nationalist resentments straight outta the union . 
  i 'd like to know the sampling and precise wording of that poll . 
  i ca n't believe there 's any country in the world that has a majority that supports open borders . 
  my theory is more prosaic . 
  proportional representation and coalition government insulate ruling parties from surprise swings that can easily throw them out of office . 
  that gives politicians like merkel more freedom to ignore public opinion and instead follow their own desires and inclinations . 
  in merkel 's case her moral compass and her experiences of life in the gdr drove her to do the ` humanitarian ' thing and open her country 's borders and refugee centres to all and sundry . 
  with predictable results . 
  a british pm would be guaranteed to lose the next general election after that . 
  but merkel knows whatever fall in the polls she experiences as a result of her actions she can make up for in post-election backroom dealing . 
  in the meantime her conscience stays clear . 
  there 's something about far right parties . 
  they 're always so nasty and inept . 
  i suppose it 's a self-selecting demographic . 
  is that it then ? 
  is montenegro now a full nato member ? 
  no , best thing is for britain to take into custodianship to replace an independent scotland . 
  to seal the deal we can even return the elgin marbles back to their rightful owners at the skobje city museum . 
  so they 're culturally appropriating you ? 
  how sad . 
  so is disney 's hercules . 
  get over it . 
  both these countries need to grow the fuck up .
