  argument . 
  you repeat yourself . 
  why is this surprising ? 
  cameron is weak and spineless . 
  erdogan probably sent him a matching set of tableware once so cameron rolled over and pledged his eternal loyalty . 
  america has already done it . 
  ffs get your act together cameron , you spineless human goiter . 
  thanks, 
  the thing about the north london set is you can pick and choose exactly who 'll be in your friendship group . 
  usually they 'll be far more racially homogenous than the actual area 's demographics would suggest . 
  i have the physical magazine open in front of me and i just posted the link to the digital version . 
  if someone else could do it that would be brilliant . 
  oh , identity does n't mean anything , did n't you know ? 
  what a sorry muddle of a comment reply . 
  austrians are catholic . 
  they 're super-catholic , it literally defined their nationhood . 
  when they lost the austro-prussian war they faced being absorbed into the first german reich . 
  they were saved from that because bismark did n't want to include more catholics into the empire and take power away from the protestant prussians . 
  you ca n't pretend religion does n't matter or never factored into the austrian identity . 
  that would be mad . 
  it 's a sort of erasure what you 're doing . 
  people throughtout histroy have fought and bled and died for an idea of nationhood and self-determination which the current generation seem utterly blas\u00e9 in belittling or outright ignoring . 
  under current policies , liberals would be happy in creating alien enclaves , so-called parallel societies of immigrants with no sense of greater loyalty of civic duty , instead they would undermine what they saw as a strange and threatening external-culture and seek any way to seek to undermine it . 
  i ca n't think of an idea more dangerous and incendiary to the social fabric or the future welfare of the country as a whole . 
  i think it was after world war 2 when millions of europeans were forcibly expelled from their homes to carve out rigid ethnocentric nation-states from the old empires . 
  a harsh move but population transfers and ethnic nationalism put to bed centuries of ethnic tensions , bloodshed and feuds that had directly dragged europe into apocalyptic war after apocalyptic war . 
  also we ca n't forget the last time austrian national identity was critically undermined , the austrians reacted by agreeing to germany 's anschluss . 
  basically abandoning their history and national identity for a reductionist language-based idea of nationhood . 
  so you 're saying ethnic austrians have no right to the land of austria ? 
  that any attempt to define an identity for austrians outside of ` the patch of land everyone happens to live on ' is inherently wrong ? 
  because turkey being in the eu is self-evidently such a terrible idea . 
  it 's a growing problem that people saw coming from a long time ago . 
  unfortunately encouraging mass immigration is a policy that businesses have always adored so the conservatives have never been particularly concerned about checking . 
  and labour would never object because second and third generation immigrants are such consistent labour voters . 
  rules are also that all countries need to be included in negotiating new eu trade deals . 
  reciprocity . 
  so what 's the best case outcome out of all this ? 
  those ships were obsolescent anyway . 
  just man with skeleton crews and zerg rush the ottoman 's artillery . 
  well , that was decent of him . 
  guilty . 
  is it racist to go full deus vult ? 
  because then i do n't want to be right . 
  de gaulle was definitely a massive insufferable prat . 
  i agree , this blatantly violates the law of [ subsidiarity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiarity ) . 
  this , in a nutshell , has been the conservative approach to the eu since maastricht . 
  it 's why we 're leaving now . 
   may obtained evidence that temporarily blocking the referendum would not be unpopular among swing voters or unionists . 
  is this true ? 
  i 'd have thought it would be more likely to paint her as the bad guy . 
  `` no , these goalposts are n't * here * they 're actually over there ! '', 
  what normalises the far right is labelling normal rational concerns as far right hate speech . 
  good , do everyone a favour and stay out of politics . 
  it 's a simplistic answer to a simplistic question . 
  what 's the correct response when a country takes an unnecessary and self-damaging act for purely political reasons ? 
  do you a : enable them to keep doing what they 're doing by helping to pay for it . 
  or b : wash your hands of the whole affair . 
  ( hint : it 's b ), 
  if you 're hiking and you fill your rucksack with rocks the solution is n't to share out those rocks so everyone ends up equally weighed down . 
  in this world you pay for your own mistakes . 
   that says more about how homogonous ee is then anything else . 
  maybe they want it that way . 
  austria apparently . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lf1mx-dcek8 ), 
  true but then , can you really think of a way this can be implemented without marginalising those on the 2nd tier ? 
  [ think of the new anthem though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj9ruzimczq ), 
  about to join nato . 
  from an outside perspective , sweden seems like a fruit loops crazy country . 
  they seem obsessed with this image of themselves as this humanitarian superpower and are prepared to put their own citizens on the firing line to achieve it . 
  i mean if they want to do that then all power to them , it 's their nation . 
  i 'm just saying it 's amusing is all . 
  sure , that 's why farage is prime minister right now . 
  but there 's a sea in the way ... 
  [ sweden_irl ] ( http://www.flubu.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/different-i-want-things-to-be-different-oh-no-webcomicna-6288801.png ), 
  oh geez the overwhelming smugness of this comment . 
  yeah but you can make a bloody effort at least . 
  you ca n't . 
  all news is biased , by definition . 
  the best you can do is seek a multitude of sources , test them for authenticity and engage your critical thinking skills . 
  ... or just go on reddit and check each article 's comment thread . 
  he 's gon na make turkey great again . 
  switzerland , norway and iceland can all independently negotiate trade deals even though they are all in the schengen area . 
  here 's a better idea : australia should join asean, 
  even norway , iceland and switzerland are n't in the eu , let alone an island-nation on the other side of the planet . 
  that 's easy , slovenia is a small slavic-speaking eastern european country that gained independence from its larger constituent country when it shook off the yoke of communism before finally joining the eu in 2004 ... while slovakia is a fictional country you just made up . 
  in reality it would be an economic disaster for japan . 
  they 'd have to scrap all their current ftas and disrupt trade with all their major economic partners including : china , usa , asean , india . 
  the gravity model of trade , the same principle that makes brexit such a bad idea also means japanentry would be an even bigger one . 
  exactly , they 're singing it as part of man 's collective cultural heritage , not because they have some random worship for a continent half a world away . 
  it 's called having an open air bathroom you philistine . 
  probably for the best . 
  our governance tends to be crap . 
  the system works perfectly well under the parameters it was designed under i.e. 
  prioritising the human rights of the migrant over every other consideration . 
  it 's a historical truism : tough times make strong people . 
  strong people make good times . 
  good times make weak people . 
  weak people make tough times .
