  azerbaijan is a very shit asian country . 
  if we have to have an asian country let 's invite kurdistan . 
  those guys have pluck . 
  not unless the airline pilots fuck up . 
  maybe if you did n't live on an island . 
  active radar would n't work if they 're trying to be sneaky . 
  well that 's an infuriating read . 
  what happened to the west 's romantic byronic image of greece ? 
  it 's really more accurate to say * opposition to * islam created europe . 
  i do n't agree with the article but i find it fascinating that the author seems to be calling for his civilisation 's own self-nullification . 
  with absolutely no cognitive-dissonance . 
  well that 's overly broad . 
  that 's what every law does . 
  is n't what you 're doing right now moralising ? 
  says the country who stole their name from a kind of melted animal fat . 
  new hong kong . 
  stylishly made but very disingenuous . 
  that 's good , so the eu parliament is fine then . 
  thanks for linking , that 's an interesting read . 
  what about pr ? 
  does that have the same problem ? 
  you 're going to have to justify that viewpoint because i 've never heard that argument before . 
  could you please just educate yourself on the issue ? 
  there is absolutely no comparison between the current trade barriers between the uk and north america and the trade barriers between the uk and the reu . 
  anyone who claims so is simply insufficiently educated on the issue . 
  and if the uk ever gave a shit about greece we would have lifted a single fucking finger to help them when the eu begged us to . 
  well that 's the brexiters ' argument seeing as we 'll no longer have participation in the european parliament even as we 'll still be be beholden to the vast majority of their directives and legislation . 
  the norwegians call it `` fax democracy '' . 
  if the british public really gave that much of a shit about democratic participation they would n't have shot down av in flames . 
  the uk parliamentary system when it comes to democracy is absolute wank . 
  we do n't have any facts because we do n't have any examples of other countries leaving the eu because it 's self-evidently such a stupid idea . 
  we could defund schools . 
  a generation of stupid kids is still preferable from having your head sawn off by isis . 
  it 's exactly 5/6 more realistic than world peace actually . 
  that was before we were facing the prospect of brexit . 
  i too am boycotting rolexes , luxury alpine skiing trips and elite financial services . 
  [ that 's disgusting !, 
  but where , where in the city centre exactly ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ef6kb9q4vg ), 
  if you guys are so neutral then who did you all support in the 2014 world cup final ? 
  that 's an absurdly shallow analysis . 
  scotland is a nation not a hard-nosed capitalist enterprise . 
  what an idyllic model for britain to emulate . 
  in the future there will be no trade wars . 
  there will only be rollerball . 
  and the swiss are still having lots of problems implementing the results of that `` anti mass immigration '' referendum are n't they ? 
   if there is one thing you can trust the conservative party to do , it 's protect the city of london exactly why cameron and osborne are so desperate to stay in the eu in the first place . 
  still technically accurate : you can theoretically cope if you lose one of your limbs . 
  you 're forgetting the benefits of stabbing yourself : ambulance ride , instant weight loss , free morphine , time off work . 
  do n't pretend you know what 'll happen in the future . 
  for all we know stabbing yourself is the only way to prevent a catastrophe in the future like accidentally falling off a bridge later that day , or contracting hiv from a future sexual partner or surprise wolf attack . 
  all things that could have happened to you if you were n't safetly recuperating in a hospital . 
  and let 's not forget all the famous people who have been stabbed only to go on to great things : sean bean , steve buscemi or stuntman jeff chase . 
  people have lived great lives after being stabbed . 
  so stop scaremongering the issue . 
  what good is the term `` great power '' except for use as bragging rights ? 
  i doubt it 's something the average voter is concerned about . 
  because the financial industry has n't brutally fucked us in the past . 
   force our own moral views on something nah , fuck that . 
  incest is toxic and unhealthy and psychologically destructive and should not be tolerated in a functional society . 
  i 'm not going to let people draw a false moral equivalency between harmless stuff like interracial marriage and gay rights , and dangerous stuff like this . 
  that 's a bogus argument . 
  building a wall across the channel tunnel would be remarkably cost-effective actually . 
  great , you two can meet on a ship in the middle of the atlantic and switch passports . 
  not so unionist then . 
  how dare a government act in its peoples ' best interests !, 
  that 's not the european way !, 
  usually they like to beat us at our favorite sports and then rub it in our faces about their higher standard of living . 
  good thing saudi arabia , qatar , kuwait , oman , uae , iran and bahrain have all that oil money then . 
  ireland ? 
  do n't you mean east boston ? 
  are n't queens and brooklyn on that same island ? 
  both ireland and cyprus see eu as a vital counterweight against the regional hegemons . 
  less of an island mentality when it comes to foreign policy and more of a siege mentality . 
  same outlook as japan , cuba , australia or taiwan . 
  maybe not iceland but they have the same population as a medium-sized city . 
  of course they would n't think like that . 
  let 's keep this legal distinction clear . 
  how much is that in bhutanese ngultrum ? 
  it 's not conscripts vs volunteers that are the problem . 
  it 's people vs hardware . 
   peace keeping operations you 're suggesting finnish conscripts were deployed overseas ? 
  the russian army is a humongous , expensive throwback to the cold war . 
  not a modern military . 
  and anyway it relies on its air force , its nukes and its spetsnaz . 
  that 's impossible to comment on seeing as the modern finnish army has never been tested in battle . 
  how do we know a bunch of finnish conscripts would be good for anything but presenting a target-rich environment for russian drone pilots ? 
  it 's kind of a dated concept nowadays anyway . 
  what good would a few million barely-trained conscripts do in a modern high-tech battlefield anyway ? 
  they 'd just gross everything up with their blood and organs and such . 
  looks like you 're giving the czech republic the ` ole reach-around . 
   but obviously , the us does n't need troops in europe to protect europe . 
  this fact is stupidly-obvious . 
  given enough time , germany alone could probably rearm and beat russia . 
  include the rest of the eu and it 's all complete overkill . 
  the us is protecting europe from a paper tiger . 
  i mean , it would n't be a problem if so much of the rest of the world was n't so unstable . 
  but as it is , it 's kind of a waste . 
  if cameron gets kidnapped by the russians it will be minutes before they 're [ begging to give him back . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/hqvbosesjno?t=1m13s ),
