  thanks to the mandate given to them by these so-called `` true leftists '' : david davis , liam fox and boris johnson are busy crafting their vision for an independent uk that could stand for a century or more . 
  a hard right neoliberal offshore tax haven , a singapore of the west , accommodating the demands of russian oligarchs , saudi oil sheikhs and north korean businessmen over the needs of its own people . 
  it 's horseshoe theory made manifest . 
   did n't want to offense our german friends . 
  this concept is unknown to me . 
  do you feel in control ? 
  i feel very much in control . 
  there wo n't be any negotiations . 
  he 'd be the kind of guy who suggests russia should join nato because russia has a big military and putin looks like he 's the sort of chap that has his head screwed on right . 
  actually geopolitics is entirely like the playground . 
  the exact same psychology writ large . 
  but who can say , i did n't make that many friends then anyway . 
  too isolationist . 
  i never understood the euro . 
  you want to foster european unity ? 
  great . 
  why do n't you all create a pan-european football team or something . 
  but currency is * important . 
  * it means something . 
  you ca n't just muck around with it to make an ideological point . 
  monetary union without fiscal union never made any bloody sense at all . 
  it was always a recipe for economic suicide . 
  you know you could always give them all to us . 
  i do n't know why greece wants them so bad . 
  right now they 're in the british museum , on display for free for anyone who wants to visit , seen by millions upon millions of tourists from around the world every year . 
  all going away with positive impressions of greece . 
  it 's great pr . 
  tell that to the peaceful monks of lindisfarne , you bastards . 
   would you rather he did a boris and wholeheartedly fought for a cause he did n't truly believe in ~ ~ purely for political gain ~ ~ to save the country from utter economic and political disaster ? 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
  basic logic . 
  common sense . 
  rudimentary understanding of macroeconomics . 
  call it what you will . 
  no tax policy on earth can work if no effort is actually made to counteract tax avoidance schemes . 
  do you not understand how redistributive fiscal policy works ? 
  ur a big economy, 
  yes , but did n't george bernard shaw also say : `` i could probably kick the shit out of some ancient old geezer if he tried to start something '', 
  i 'm sure they will take to their zimmer frames and mobility scooters by the hundreds . 
  anyone who has ever read anything daniel hannan has ever wrote will recognise his anti-eu vision is predicated on an extreme internationalist neoliberal vision of the u.k. basically he envisages us as a `` singapore of the west '' going forward . 
  so soz there all you sunderland ex-welders . 
  oh no , i 'm british . 
  we 're always this racist . 
  this is the default level of racism for me . 
  of course , that 's what nafta is as well as hundreds of other free trade agreements around the world . 
  maybe it would work for switzerland . 
  but selfishly i think it would set a bad precedent for the rest of europe as well as the uk going forward . 
  i do n't want to see a weakened eu in a europe once again riven with impermeable borders . 
  switzerland is different i concede because i have no interest in living in such a boring semi-state of money-focused parochial mountain germans . 
   i 'm not sure how much polish citizens would appreciate marriage equality being imposed on them , or reasonable access to abortions in ireland those are just social matters though . 
  it 's like in the us where discussions like this take place at the state level while broad-ranging financial , regulatory or foreign policy decisions are made at the larger federal level . 
  pitchforks down lads, 
   destroy carthage we all know who you mean by carthage . 
  reeee . 
  nigel was right all along !! 1 !!! 1 !, 
  where would it go though ? 
  it 's so small and it 's not even in the eu . 
  sounds like they should rename it the great friday agreement . 
  i feel sorry for myself , but there 's no doubt as a nation we deserve a massive kick up the puckered arsehole . 
  we can adopt the euro if you want but it will probably mean our old people suicide-bombing the ecb on their mobility scooters in protest . 
  eea is simulatenously the lesser of two evils and the worst of all worlds . 
  everyone will hate it , even if it 's the only conceivable light at the end of the tunnel . 
  relevant username, 
  good , because i 'm already sickened so i could use the company . 
  if people act like retards , they should be expected to be treated like retards . 
  i was heavily involved in the campaign , leafleting on the streets , speaking to members of the public and canvassing people in their houses . 
  and every outspoken brexiteer i encountered had some pretty shocking views to share on immigration and race . 
  no , they are racist . 
  i talked to them and heard some pretty awful fucking stuff . 
  or we could just acknowledge that people are awful and direct democracy is for the birds . 
   what do these people have against the polish ? 
  they 're not fat , angry , skint english chavs . 
  which makes them the enemy . 
  they dine on bolton meat, 
  the problem is that corbyn 's core support comes from grassroots labour activists who are utterly out of touch with the average labour voter . 
  seriously there are 388,407 labour party members while there are 9,347,304 people who voted for labour in the last election . 
  if corbyn and his cronies ca n't win back those voters then labour will be utterly ** destroyed ** in the next election . 
  which is why the parliamentary labour party hates his guts . 
  their jobs are actually on the line here . 
  go cheese heads !, 
  u trying somfing m8 ? 
  it got rained off . 
  or waving your hands in front of your sister 's face on long car journeys while chanting : `` i 'm not touching youu , i 'm not touching yooouuuu !, 
  in case you 're wondering that opt-out is spelled : t.r.i.d.e.n.t. 
   the euro would be fantastic for the uk nope , nuh-uh , no way jose . 
  britain lives or dies by its financial markets . 
  giving up control of monetary policy would not only be needlessly economically risky , it would also be a kind of treason . 
  so no chance of a `` swexit '' from the common market then ? 
  it 's not supposed to make sense . 
  i 'm not the one making this argument . 
  the very premise is illogical . 
  nope , greece has been economically ruined because they do n't pay their taxes . 
  i do n't think so . 
  brexiteers try to portray smaller poorer countries like greece , hungary , slovakia , finland as being victimised by the big rich countries germany , france , italy , poland and sweden . 
  this could damage that narrative . 
  you would not believe the proud ignorance being expressed in the streets of britain today . 
  it 's wilful stupidity on a par with climate change denialism . 
  if it forces putin out any earlier then it may well be . 
  his policies are sub-par .
