  no way to break the cycle it seems , tough times are on their way . 
  that would leave absolutely no time to clean up serbian corruption . 
  actually they just want you dead . 
  undoubtedly . 
  merkel 's open-border response to the migrant crisis unnerved many moderate brits . 
  leave campaigners made a lot of [ political capital ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/1016800/stream_img.jpg ) out of it . 
  the impression it gave in the uk was that the european union had completely lost control of the situation . 
  on a lesser note , merkel 's brutal programme of austerity for greece hideously undermined the left-wing case for remain . 
  in short she has a reputation as being a cold-hearted thug towards the impoverished greeks while being a complete useless pushover to islamist asylum-seekers . 
  what can i say . 
  it 's a big unfriendly world out there for sovereign nations . 
  better stay at home , with us , scotland . 
  on the bright side this is clear evidence that turkey is fully engaged with isis on the ground . 
  for example i very much doubt we 're going to be hearing much about isis routing russian forces . 
  it 's quite tragic really , during the 20th century the christian population of the middle east was around 20 % , now it 's 5 % and plummeting . 
  one of the worst ethnic cleansings in history . 
  i honestly think germany is bipolar . 
  it 's either fascist deathtrap or a socialist mess . 
  nothing inbetween . 
  [ well , muslim immigration has already irreversibly fucked lebanon . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abybt0-_nya ) case study right there . 
  sounds like a good way to hand the presidency over to marine le pen in 2022 on a silver platter . 
  oh good lord no , the last thing europe needs right now is more fucking leftists and their shitty backward policies . 
  the migrant flow needs to be stopped . 
  failed refugees need to be deported . 
  the people need to be protected from the terrorists . 
  enough appeasement . 
  what germany really needs is an authoritarian rightist along the lines of francois fillon to help give a political enema to the populist forces threatening to otherwise tear europe apart . 
  religious fanaticism has essentially been the natural state of mankind for thousands of years . 
  it 's been a great success strategy . 
  i was going to put `` fair share '' in scare quotes but i 'm kinda over doing that . 
  it should be easily understandable in context . 
  yes but those are the people i 'm precisely criticising . 
  of course tunisia is safe . 
  do n't take the piss . 
  it would help if germany would stop bullying other countries to take in their fair share of refugees . 
  no one 's interested in following germany 's lead on this . 
  nationalism has always been popular . 
  it 's just only lately that most of the population has realised that the majority of the political elite have nothing but contempt for the nation state . 
  the far right is only filling this space now because most parties have abruptly vacated it . 
  also they have pushed the overton window on immigration way too far to the left . 
  man here , do n't give a shit . 
  then we sanction them until they agree to accept their nationals . 
  if it happened this one time it 's no doubt happened loads of times . 
  from a country of 5 % muslims , i say stay strong poles . 
  do n't let the multicultural brigrade brainwash your elites as they did here . 
  why was n't he deported ? 
  you sound brainwashed, 
  did they want a fourth reich ? 
  because that 's how you get a fourth reich . 
  you could just lease some land from tunisia . 
  several hundred acres of barren desert . 
  turn it into a model refugee camp and use it to detain migrants . 
  it 's not about the numbers it 's about the percentage . 
  [ also check the graph . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution#/media/file:boatarrivals.gif ), 
  we have multiple . 
  it still has n't worked . 
  two words : [ pacific solution . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ), 
  so basically all your ideas revolve around bribing constituents with taxpayers money . 
  how about we fix the eu 's glaring democratic deficit , we fix the uncontrolled mass immigration of welfare dependants and extremists from the third world , we end the tide of regulations and useless redtape , we plug the eurozone 's gaping financial wounds , we end our pathetic dependence on america 's benevolence and russia 's equanimity and we end the eu 's endless nagging interference in its constituent nations ' domestic affairs . 
  the counter-signal memes are getting a lot of work today . 
  that 's not true . 
  he applied for asylum in germany in 2015 . 
  it was rejected but it was the decision of the german authorities not to deport him . 
  hey it saves having to clean the gore out of truck tire treads . 
  turkey is n't a european country . 
  beats doing nothing . 
  we 're bending over for these migrants and they 're still killing us . 
  the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  the far-right ca n't bring peace , but they 're the only people with a sustainable migrant policy . 
  so we should n't do anything because if we did anything that might provoke muslims to act even worse . 
  that 's the logic of a battered wife . 
  you 're right . 
  saying : `` if we deport muslim migrants there will be less muslim terrorism '' is indeed completely illogical . 
  are n't you so clever and smart and moral . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  ignore any cognitive dissonance . 
  stuff like this just convinces me further that people like you care more about their leftist political correct ideology than people 's lives . 
  be honest , you 'd be deflated if we deported these people and then everything was suddenly fine . 
  you need for there to be no solution because that gives you the excuse to keep shouting down anyone who actually wants to do something about this . 
  they should go home . 
  hey , i 'll have you know the vast majority of victims of prison rape are prisoners . 
  so clearly then we should let these prisoners teach kindergarten . 
  `` fake news '' is too innocent a term , it implies they 're just trying to ply clickbait articles . 
  what the guardian is doing , is making deliberate cynical propaganda . 
  what i absolutely hate is when they pathetically shrug their shoulders and say `` there 's no way to stop it , i 'm afraid . '', 
  no , there 's no way * you * can stop it . 
  god forbid a politician can clean up the mess they themselves created . 
   i 'm all for schengen i 'm not . 
  it seems like insanity to me . 
  totally free of terrorist attacks though . 
  `` continue posting sympathetic facebook messages . 
  everything is fine . 
  this should feel normal to you '', 
  why is it only called post-factual when the right does it ? 
  to my perspective you 're the postfactual one because you 're trying to deny the reality . 
  christmas is a christian festival . 
  i 'm sorry if this triggers you .
