  well , thanks to the eu , you could probably move back to gdansk if you wanted . 
  not so sure about kaliningrad . 
  and what about germany ? 
  are n't you guys resentful at having one of your greatest cities permanently stripped away from you ? 
  is there a movement in germany to reunify with former-konigsberg ? 
   which you ca n't understand google translate says otherwise . 
  it just goes to show the flaws in that idealist notion of right of self-determination . 
  the people of kaliningrad are just a bunch of recent russian transplants who kicked out all the prussians . 
  who 's to say they really deserve to live there at all really ? 
  if a bunch of brits after the war just showed up in iceland and evicted all the icelanders , would they then have the right to keep iceland british in perpetuity ? 
  i do n't think you can be sure of that . 
  exclaves tend to be * more * loyal to the homeland , not less . 
  gibraltar and the falklands . 
  kaliningrad will only stop being russian when russia dumps them and that wo n't happen for a long time . 
  poland , germany , russia and lithuania should play each other for it . 
  winner takes all . 
  i suggest either handball or american gladiator . 
  [ lithuania vs russia pictured . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/pbtebgtmxdi ), 
  i 've just been looking up kaliningrad and it is * so * weird . 
  just this strange chunk of russia in the middle of europe . 
  i mean that 's if azerbaijan is really european at all ... 
  they 're america 's nukes anyway . 
  i think they 'd object . 
  anyway , so you 're suggesting just passively letting the bosnian genocide take place ? 
  because that did n't go well for you last time the dutch tried that . 
  this is bullshit - you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1sjt6n/if_you_could_only_post_the_same_one_sentence_to/ ), 
  well , that 's a relief . 
  sounds like this is more germany 's problem then . 
  yeah , total whoosh on my part . 
  oh shit really ? 
  uk 's good though right ? 
  tough talk from a country that did shit all about syria . 
  i think the future prosperity of the ukrainian people has a lot more to do with themselves than any interference by an outside power . 
  edit : really , so long as it does n't end up like greece ... 
  ukraine is already a buffer state . 
  if it joined eu it would be a border state . 
  if you want it to stay a buffer state you would need ukraine to be neutral to both parties . 
  which at the moment it sort of is . 
  i do n't agree that this is a moral issue , i do n't think russia is some * big bad guy * and to be honest i think the eu should concentrate on having an amicable relationship with russia . 
  the cold war is over you know ... 
  that 's all true if you envision an expeditionary force . 
  we 're talking about a war with russia , which would involve a lot less internal dissent but a lot more nukes . 
  the idea of using ` hard power ' and ` russia ' in the same sentence , is pretty absurd anyway . 
  even the us 's ` hard power ' is a lame duck in the face of nuclear armageddon . 
  the fact is there is no alternative to soft power . 
  that 's just because the stakes are a lot higher for russia . 
  it 's significant that if ukraine joined the eu , the borders of the eu would virtually line up with the furthest extent of the third reich in world war 2 . 
  logic dictates that you do n't corner a dangerous animal . 
  the european union meanwhile would simply absorb another cash-strapped , financially dependent nation at the cost of further antagonizing an already belligerent neighbour . 
  do n't forget that the eu does an awful lot of trade with russia , a lot of it * through * ukraine . 
  gas pipelines . 
  has it occurred to you that maybe its not ukraine that the eu is trying to use its soft power on ? 
   they ca n't . 
  and they wo n't . 
  europeans have nothing to hide when it comes to power . 
  that is , they have nothing , and they must hide it . 
  so . . they do have something to hide when it comes to power then ? 
  regardless , europe does possess an untapped potential for militarization . 
  the eu 's gdp after all is $ 12.894 trillion ( us$ 16.566 trillion ) . 
  if europe really wanted to , they could have a * lot * of hard power . 
  ` alright ? ', 
  is n't a question . 
  i do n't know enough about finns to say if they would accept ` someone else ' coming in and calling themselves finnish , i hope so . 
  but if you came to britain , eventually gained citizenship and learned `` our ways '' , then we 'd be happy to call you british . 
  i mean the accent may get you the odd raised eyebrows but what are you gon na do ? 
  i think people are taking exception to your blog because you 're coming off as very ethnocentric . 
  people in europe are trying to detach themselves from the old idea of ethnic-nationalism which is now seen as regressive and problematic . 
  the idea now is more about about nationality as a shared series of cultural values , a shared physical space and a shared collective destiny . 
  is that a euphemism for anti-freeze ? 
  probably a good call . 
  i ca n't imagine moldovan goods and services would fair well in the eu 's free market . 
  i do n't care what they say about you guys . 
  you ** are ** awesome . 
  well , if normal wikipedia is too complicated : http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania#origin, 
  i 'm glad to hear it was written by a brit . 
  otherwise i would think norwegians took themselves far too seriously . 
  unpaid , sexist , ageist and compulsory . 
  yup , that describes my school pe lessons alright . 
  it was only slave-labour if those countries ' armies actually did anything . 
  otherwise it was really only one overly-extended pe lesson . 
  i say that if we do n't beat them in the next ashes , we nuke them and say china did it . 
  how 'd you like them ashes ? 
  we must go deeper . 
  for you guys , yeah . 
  they did n't want to be a part of your empire . 
  and they were scraps because they were territories carelessly cut out of continental africa with little respect for ethnolinguistic or geographical boundaries , leading to bloodshed long after you left . 
  precisely because they chose to involve themselves in a [ load of bloody , pointless wars over useless scraps of land in the third world . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_colonial_war ) the portugese had the chance to hand goa over peacefully , instead they pigheadedly chose to get into a fight over it and so people died . 
  they may not have been on the wrong side of history but they were inevitably on the losing side and they should have recognised that . 
  considering the toxic history of colonization , it was no wonder they garnered little international sympathy . 
  i was being facetious . 
  the point is , there was no chance in hell of portugal ever maintaining control of goa . 
  the only reason britain held hong kong for so long was because the chinese decided to wait for the lease to expire . 
  otherwise the same thing would have happened . 
  so ... they 're * not * doing a good job ? 
  are n't they part of china now ? 
  [ for goodness sake , just look at it on a map !, 
  ] ( http://www.goa-holidays-advisor.com/images/goa-india-map-view.gif ) how many other ways could things have turned out ?
