  what are they going to do , ram these boats ? 
  they 'd be better of just writing to their representatives/meps . 
  and it 's the libyans . 
   he does n't have a simplistic narrative about the pure people against the corrupt elites that 's like , en marche 's whole thing , man . 
  the kind of argument that exists in the real world where accidents and incidents of negligent misuse happen all the time . 
  not the airy-fairy libertarian fantasyworld where a shovel is apparently as lethal as a firearm . 
  if you accidentally drop a shovel there 's no danger of it going off and blowing someone 's brains out . 
  fear of guns is n't irrational by definition . 
  even fear of spiders is only irrational when dealing with a spider that ca n't kill you . 
  there 's no such thing as a gun that ca n't kill you . 
  fundamentally nation-states are sovereign entities , federal-states are n't . 
  `` stop giving me money ! '', 
  that 's a sincere response so i 'll try to give a good reply : truth is , there 's a fundamental question at work here , is it morally permissible to change a nation 's demographic and cultural makeup against its will via the forcible importation of foreign peoples ? 
  and i do n't think it is . 
  i think it 's a moral wrong which should be fought , legally or even through extra-legal means as orban is currently doing . 
  we need to allow the hungarians to decide for themselves who they should let be hungarian . 
  and if the eu disagrees and tries to force hungary to change into something it does n't want to be , then maybe it 's time it went the same way as the ussr . 
  because that 's deeply fundamentally illiberal . 
  that 's a bizarre response . 
  not czechia , slovakia , romania or hungary though . 
  why should they be forced to take in destitute , possibly criminal , foreigners against the will of their governments or their people ? 
  it should have been a unanimous vote . 
   you 're not addressing the fact that the richer eu would pay for stronger controls . 
  meaning , v4 proposals would mean that v4 in the end passes the `` hot potato '' to somebody else . 
  british here . 
  we 're all happy to pay our fair share . 
  may would undoubtedly be happy to slip this into the negotiation framework . 
  anything to stop more deaths in calais . 
  [ this is partly why we left in the first place after all . 
  ] ( http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/5845ce68120000dd00eed9dc.jpeg )  you 're not addressing the fact that it 's the member states that seem reluctant to let `` the eu '' control the borders . 
  or let the eu control anything much , in fact . 
  oh , and i seem to recall that v4 in particular is among the first to complain about `` the eu '' taking away `` sovereignty '' . 
  nobody 's against frontex actually doing its job for once . 
  no more taxi services please . 
   you 're not addressing the fact that these people are already here . 
  going on and on about border control , when they 're already past the border . 
  send . 
  them . 
  back . 
  on the other hand there 's zero advantage to an unstable currency . 
  it 's turned half the country into perturbed prosecco-swilling continentals and other half into swivel-eyed republican party members . 
  englishness meanwhile seems to have evaporated into thin air . 
  you 're right migration controls are impossible . 
  people just go anywhere they feel like and nothing can stop them . 
  border controls do n't exist . 
  passports are dream . 
  deportation is a myth . 
  immigration enforcement is a fairy tail . 
  could you stop with the woo-woo ? 
  by whom ? 
  european values historically speaking have involved mercilessly persecuting and slaughtering every non-christian peoples daring to stray into their homelands . 
  maybe we should stop talking about european values . 
  norway will never leave . 
  they do n't have the courage . 
  norway can make a new deal any time it wants . 
  of course it wo n't , because eea membership has let it grow fat and soppy and rich . 
  so the norwegians despise the deal they agreed with the eu and they blame the eu for that ? 
  what do the norwegians want then , free handjobs and chocolates to go with their single market membership ? 
  i 'm sure he got a ` gold star ' for effort . 
  i sort of get david davis . 
  here 's a man twice hobbled by a low birth and a glacially slow mind . 
  a man who 's spent his career on the outside of top flight politics enviously looking on as lean and hungry mps like david cameron and george osborne left him like dust in their wake . 
  now he 's finally in the first 11 of the tory party for the first time ... ... and it turns out all along he 's just been the patsy expected to take the fall when it all finally goes tits up despite all that he keeps an optimistic smile on his face . 
  like a cherubic down syndrome child abandoned in a motorway lay-by just enjoying the sun on his face . 
  it 's enough to make you weep . 
  [ because it 's the tory party . 
  the fundamental problem here is russia . 
  it seems determined to portray itself as an implacable enemy of the west . 
  the klingons to the usa/nato/eu 's united federation of planets . 
  it honestly just needs to chill . 
  like japan or china or brazil . 
  just relax and be just another member of the international community . 
  but then i guess serbia would no longer be able to play both sides . 
  plied cum-roo, 
  i love plaid cyrmu . 
  they 're so adorable . 
  least we have foodbanks . 
  not according to gdp , defence spending , membership of the un security council or hdi relative to our population . 
  or maybe you 're just talking about wales . 
  in which case , yes , small and inconsequential . 
  i mean , we do n't believe you . 
  but it does n't make us angry . 
  i can relate . 
  she leads the most regicidal party in europe . 
  when the party wants her gone , she 'll be gone . 
  they 're called watermelons . 
  green on the outside , red on the inside . 
  the party that just lost their parliamentary majority with a leader who is an openly-acknowledged as a lame duck . 
  she may as well as start goosestepping now , her career is dead either way . 
  when thinking about this brexit mess i call back to that famous john stuart mill quote : `` i did not mean that conservatives are generally stupid ; i meant , that stupid persons are generally conservative . 
  i believe that to be so obvious and undeniable a fact that i hardly think any hon. 
  gentleman will question it . '', 
  not all brexiteers are stupid but most stupid people are brexiteers . 
  and furthermore most of those are already in the department for brexit . 
  why bully tunisia , turkey and libya to stop sending migrants when you can just bully poland , czechia and hungary to take in your excess ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_-kobibg0 ), 
   pan-european populist nationalism so ... roman empire 2.0 ? 
  dibs on ` dalmatia ' . 
  it 'll be a nation of spotty dogs . 
  i second this lol,
