i wish we saw news like this way more often here in europe . 
  seeing every german car manufacturer opening , or expanding their plants in us past 5 years or airbus opening assembly line in us . 
  while boeing does n't have one in europe . 
  of course this is peanuts compared to any of the above , but still nice . 
  it depends how you look at it . 
  i mean what 's happening in greece now is exactly what internal devaluation is about . 
  all this is no surprise to anybody who has been deciding about these issues . 
  you can call it `` austerity '' , but internal devaluation is about lowering labor costs to floating market levels , with initial shock likely and certainly the case in greece kind of situation . 
  how effective , and how fast the country can start building new foundation depends on how much behind the country is in competitiveness as it is and what the country is doing to improve that in private and public sector . 
  external devaluation is not possible in eu state and it can have its own problems in the long run . 
  also euro shows one of its many problems that internal devaluation is not always truly forced on you , but rather centrally driven to you in the end . 
  looking back , it 's now easy to say greece like problems would rise up at some point . 
  but that 's exactly what internal devaluation ( or austerity as the buzzword goes ) is no matter how politics sugar coat it . 
  keynesian way out , external devaluation not being possibility inside emu state as you leave monetary policy to ecb . 
  internal devaluation is the long painful way out that forces the balance by wages , public spending and how painful it is depends on how much behind in competitiveness one is , how much there 's debt and what kind of actions you take as you go to abyss . 
  actually euro has been pretty much exactly the same variation on the past 15 years compared to pound when comparing to dollar . 
  euro was very high around 2006 , but pound was hit harder by the 2008 crisis . 
  euro is also helped by being 85 % of global foreign exchange reserves with dollar ( by far the biggest share ) as a reserve currency . 
  though you are absolutely right that uk will likely see stronger growth for the next couple of years to germany and france . 
  germany was pulling strong growth numbers in the middle of european downturn and has been on slower growth since last year . 
  euro wont start climbing again before ecb 's quantitative easing stops and interests rates start to climb up . 
  that certainly wont happen this year , especially now with global economy slowing down . 
  i 've been on a one in tammisaari area and it is pretty relaxing and somewhat absurd to do island hopping under the midnight sun in one of those things . 
  there are also bigger , fancier ones doing rounds in helsinki , eira area . 
  mainly companies , large bachelor parties and such renting them . 
  never actually seen one being used on a lake , but that 's probably more to do with me living in helsinki and my family or friends summer cottages being next to sea , rather than lake . 
  i do n't think you will find many who would argue against you , though i feel some people are overestimating how fast that change is coming and in what scale . 
  people have been saying similar things with every paradigm changes in labor force since the industrial age . 
  example 60 % of jobs in us today did n't exists in the 30s . 
  much of the manufacturing is already out of western europe . 
  one of the theories is that automation might once again localize manufacturing , that would bring more work back into west . 
  as it is west has been moving towards services for decades now with eu-28 gdp being 73 % services . 
  i do agree that the nature of workforce is changing and the brute force old timey , shipping boatloads of cheap workforce usa used to do is nearing to its end . 
  that said i personally think we will still do one round of it even on the industrial side with the larger scale industrialization of vietnam and india as next `` factories of the world '' . 
  while china is moving away from cheap labor as we speak . 
  concerning services there are things like eldercare or nursing , where there is huge demand and it will only increase in the coming years . 
  get same minded people to join . 
  seeing these kinds of things is n't something you saw years ago and it alone has its effect . 
  same as with the isis posters above . 
  lets not kid our self with there not being extremist reactionary movement happening in finland this year . 
  i 'm against current eu immigration policies , but there are plenty of idiots that are now encouraged to show their extreme political views from the other side as well . 
  you do n't need to be a rocket scientist to understand what happened to this sub as far as timing goes . 
  there are of course plenty of people whose opinion were changed this summer , that is understandable . 
  though also plenty of people who do n't bother to visit this sub reddit any more . 
  they will just get downvoted to oblivion . 
  there 's also weird amount of straight out racist american redditors popping up here past months . 
   if wages in a certain low skilled occupation can not compete , then you can  either ( 1 ) increase wages , ( 2 ) realize that your businessmodel is  not  competitive , or ( 3 ) if the occupation is necessary for society to  function ( like  health personnel ) - and there are budget reasons that  hinder wage increases -  recruit for that in other countries . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  i 'm talking about competition inside labor market . 
  competition ! = higher wages . 
  you can get a crash course on the basics from the link below if you want . 
  unfortunately it 's explained by a bit douchey feeling guy . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqc2yabyi-k  what equation ? 
  you seem to be promoting increase in wage  inequality  and  increase in low wage work for no apparent reason . 
  i 'm not inherently promoting it personally , but make no mistake . 
  that 's exactly why germany is so pro immigration after its hartz reforms that brought mini-jobs concept to germany . 
  that reform and mini-jobs are the single most important engine for germany 's rise in the noughties and low unemployment rate . 
  its job market will benefit from immigration more than any other western european country . 
  it 's similar reforms sweden did 7 years ago and reforms that are at the moment being driven in finland by all right wing government . 
  eu itself is moving towards more free labor market with less benefits on the bottom end . 
  i think the difference on what we are talking here is that i 'm trying to explain why the european economic institutions and eu decision makers have been so pro immigration . 
  theory of flexible labor , combined with increasing supply in competitive labor market and wide benefits interference on supply and demand on labor market are your age old basic economic theories that everything on macroeconomic is built on . 
   you must be referring to low birth rates . 
  i agree that we either need  immigration or need to have more babies if we are to have a stable  population . 
   but that has nothing to do with needing low skilled  immigrants . 
  we would still  ( economically ) prefer to have high skilled  immigrants because we live in high  skilled economies that require  a. . . high labor participation rate ... of course eu states would want to attract skilled labor and that 's what we have been trying to do for decades [ with little success ] ( http://globalgovernanceprogramme.eui.eu/migration-and-innovation-why-is-europe-failing-to-attract-the-best-and-brightest/ ) . 
  you btw really expect there to be 60s type of baby boomer generation at this time and age to level the the dependency ratio ? 
  that dependency ratio is/was already critical in finland and germany as it is . 
  high labor participation rate , even with lower tier labor is linked to all these basics i 've talked above . 
  again i 'm not really even sure were to start if you do n't understand the very basics of how labor market even works . 
  as for automation . 
  it 's nice and all , but the answer ca n't be that we just need to wait to see what happens . 
  while certainly one option . 
  unfortunately it 's also one thing eu states are once again behind the closest competition when it comes to adoption rates of robots , automation in industry setting and having eu companies competing in that space . 
  the very market alongside japan that needs it most . 
  though i do know there 's danish firm making some pretty impressive , very intuitively programmable assembly robotics starting from 5000 euros ( ! ) . 
  name of the company is just escaping me . 
  point of immigration is n't always to get skilled workers , but especially in case like this to increase supply of labor and lower wages in the lowest wage bracket by the way of increasing labor competition . 
  something us has been doing for ages . 
  of course no politician can say that aloud , that you 're here to do the shitty jobs that locals wont do , or push down lowest bracket wages for work that was n't viable with the current market wages . 
  problems do rise in western europe or especially nordics were competition in labor force is extremely regulated . 
  strong distribution of income from rich to poor though is the biggest mechanism creating that artificial hike on the lowest wage bracket in nordics , or western europe as a whole compared to us . 
  something needs to flex for the equation to work . 
  germany , nordics , italy etc. 
  do need immigrants more than previously if they wan na survive . 
  that said it you do have to wonder will it work with the current influx of people coming at once and with the eu style of income distribution . 
  i guess we will see . 
  it also has to be said that groups like first generation somalis do seem to be extremely hard to get high participation rates in the labor force on the first generation . 
  something that nobody seems to want to say aloud on the media . 
  what is n't shown on the pic is almost 50 submarines they have . 
  i think our views on the advancement and the horizon openers like what the information age or industrial age introduced are indeed quite different . 
  i mostly agree with your last two paragraphs . 
  why i even did n't want to go into these issues . 
  unfortunately i just ca n't see how else total output could be increased without us going into this direction . 
  i 'm up for my morning gym . 
  hope you have a great day !, 
  sorry , did n't notice your post earlier !, 
  human consumption being infinite and its battle with scarcity is the most basic economic principal alongside demand and supply . 
  it 's not a comment on scarcity . 
  rather it 's the most stripped down , simplified framework for theory building .
