  minimum wage is the embodiment of a none flexible item . 
  wages as it is are rigid - why it is easier to fire people than change wages when you are looking at a wider market shock . 
  like the 2008 meltdown . 
  minimum wages ca n't and should not work as any kind of driver for a economy . 
  aggressively set minimum wages , set to drive the economy can be a total catastrophe in a recession . 
  that demand you are also talking about only includes internal market . 
  not taking into account outside investment and outside workforce doing the work . 
  minimum salary wont go into waste in a place like germany , as it does n't go in a place like usa . 
  demand is a big concept when we are talking about a whole country and includes a lot of people that are not part of that high demand . 
  minimum wage does have its problems as well , as it effects multitudes of things concerning social benefits , employers and prices . 
  in the end it 's still there to protect people in the lower end of the job market and in that case it does n't matter is the country switzerland or ukraine . 
  minimum wage is the embodiment of a none flexible item . 
  wages as it is are rigid - why it is easier to fire people than change wages when you are looking at a wider market shock . 
  like the 2008 meltdown . 
  minimum wages ca n't and should not work as any kind of driver for a economy . 
  that essentially means you are aggressively increasing minimum wage and that can be a total catastrophe in a recession . 
  that demand you are also talking about only includes internal market . 
  not taking into account outside investment and outside workforce doing the work . 
  minimum salary wont go into waste in a place like germany , as it does n't go in a place like usa . 
  demand is a big concept when we are talking about a whole country and includes a lot of people that are not part of that demand . 
  minimum wage does have its problems as well , as it effects multitudes of things concerning social benefits , employers and prices . 
  in the end it 's still there to protect people in the lower end of the job market and in that case it does n't matter is the country switzerland or ukraine . 
  you must know the importance of that sentence quoted ? 
  it really is a universal truth when it comes to eu . 
  it 's literally part of the 4 pillars of european single market . 
  4 pillars that are free movement of goods , capital , services , and labour . 
  you need to have all of them to have one . 
  that 's the whole point of the european single market . 
  sure you can stretch everything to fit , but example [ old helsinki city library ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4118/4934940751_9db95ab9b9_b.jpg ) will certainly have harder time to accommodate than [ large open spaces ] ( http://www.ramboll.fi/~/media/images/rfi/albums/buildings/helsingin-keskustakirjasto/c-ala-architects-helsinki-central-library-childrens-library-1280x.png ) including a lot of modular spaces . 
  similar to many renovated and new libraries - libraries are becoming more like community spaces with 3d printer , creative , silent spaces and all that . 
  this new central library example tries to deliver that the best way possible and imo that 's a good thing . 
  it 's a essentially one giant noncommercial building that has everything from music studios , saunas , theaters and of course a floor for traditional library . 
  looks are naturally always subjective , but how should a library look like ? 
  does example the under construction [ new main helsinki library ] ( http://www.ramboll.fi/~/media/images/rfi/albums/buildings/helsingin-keskustakirjasto/c-ala-architecs-helsinki-central-library-aukio-1280x.png ) look like a library ? 
  it can certainly offer way more varied services than the old libraries in helsinki . 
  you are touching on market efficiency that i was talking below . 
  information available for all is the cornerstone of an efficient market , and job market is a market as any other . 
  because the market is more efficient does n't mean salaries wont have big differences for talent . 
  just as price formation of goods in consumer market or stock in stock market comes from the balance of supply and demand . 
  well educated , talented people can also freely see the market and demand for higher wages . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  more information is always better for the market and needed for efficient market . 
  there are imo other debatable question about salaries being public , but for the job market it 's absolutely good thing . 
  if anything it 's actually very much more capitalist , open free market than keeping wages disclosed from the public . 
  there are naturally both sides . 
  here in finland it is viewed in general as a good thing , but most seem indifferent . 
  i 've never in my life used it to see my colleagues salary . 
  there are good reasons concerning market efficiency to have salaries transparent . 
  labor market is a market as any other market . 
  wide availability of information that is available to all is a vital for a working and efficient market . 
  it is debatable how much it does get used around here though . 
  do try to visit st. peter 's basilica as well . 
  i do n't know how long the queues are these days in august with the influx of asian tourists , but the insides of the building really did leave a lasting memory . 
  i feel like people did n't actually read the article . 
   president macron wants to get the overall french budget deficit below a european union cap of 3 % of national income for 2017 . 
   as part of that effort , the government has earmarked $ 850m in savings in military spending for the year . 
  new equipment orders will be delayed or cancelled and the defence ministry is also being asked to take on the $ 1.3 bn cost of foreign operations . 
   however , mr macron has also said he wants to raise defence spending in 2018 by $ 1.5 bn to $ 34.2 bn . 
   furthermore , he has pledged to lift the defence budget from 1.77 % of gdp to nato 's target of 2 % by 2025 . 
  that would mean a sum of $ 50bn - at least a further $ 2bn each year , unprecedented in france . 
  not totally sure still who i 'm talking to , but that 's the beauty of the internet . 
  just wan na say do n't take my comment too harshly . 
  i do also appreciate people like you on the topics revolving around economics here as they tend to be very circle-jerky and often not even based in high school level knowledge of older classical theoretical open market mechanisms and how they interlink . 
  i personally just do n't get the mentality of people like you . 
  fine if you are some eastern european kid writing this . 
  you got me . 
  judging by your posts it 's certainly hard to take you as a adult . 
  it 's 3am in singapore in either case . 
  i do n't even disagree with many of your views . 
  your feverish hate towards eu ( nothing wrong with that ) and directly to some random german people on the internet and actively spending your days writing that stuff just seems so out there for somebody you claim to be . 
  i just ca n't muster where the energy comes for an outsider . 
  i mean i can muster to be active in politics concerning finland and slightly towards eu , but what do i care about japan or china to exclusively post daily to some local insignificant forum in grander scheme of things ? 
  let me guess ? 
  expat originally from eastern european that is for some reason or another extremely bitter about german 's ? 
  guy needs to be properly bitter and have extra time to post this much shit around here on a subject that supposedly does n't relate to himself . 
  what does that have to do with what he was saying ? 
  uk/london is the second hotspot for ai after us . 
  but so what ? 
  the main talent and capital resides in us for tech . 
  ai lab in paris is facebook 's and google 's deepmind resides in london . 
  we can all point out exceptions , but that does n't change anything . 
  snow banks built by volunteers in coordination with wwf and finnish government have been essential past years for ringed seals . 
  around 70-240 snow banks have been built for ringer seals every year since 2013 . 
  around half of the [ cubs ] ( https://wwf.fi/mediabank/5940_flex.image ) born in those years have been in these human built snow banks . 
  russia is certainly one of them . 
  st. petersburg has been dropping their wastewater to the baltic sea rather carelessly and only just couple of years ago started dissipating phosphorus in any of their wastewater treatment plants . 
  adding this function to one of these larger plants removed as much of phosphorus from baltic sea as whole finland drops to baltic sea . 
  and finland is by no means blameless either because of our agriculture waste water up here in the north . 
  though , they have also done plenty of needed changes . 
  sweden did much of this in the early noughties and we are coming long way behind . 
  some of the changes were also done just before the crash and we have been hurting badly because of them . 
  example ceiling per square being cut from housing support and the 600 million that has been added to housing support after the fact . 
  according to vatt 2016 calculations housing support is adding 12 % to studio house prices in finland , 15-20 % in helsinki . 
  i think all agree that the labor union system is antiqued here . 
  there are plenty of leeway in how the changes are implemented , but i do n't example see social democrats changing anything , ever , in that department . 
  his post history is pretty amazing indeed . 
  what an karma machine . 
  consumer side is a total clown fiesta indeed . 
  there are b2b success stories , like mobile networks and many wireless techs and patents are in european hands . 
  when there are success stories in semiconductor side like nxp semiconductors the likes of intel snatches them .
