  similar to free market . 
  i was trying to keep it as simple as possible . 
  the main point was that in the long term nothing says we need factory work outside of history . 
  increasing output is what needs to keep happening and like you rightly pointed out , [ technology ] ( http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/technology.html ) that is infinite , while inputs are not is the absolute key to it all . 
  your first and third points are indeed the ones i 'm also very much unsure . 
  nobody has the answer yet . 
  to keep it short for me it comes down to still believing humans can take the leap from the information age that is seeing its last stage swindling down ( from early stages , being used in corp level to commodity ) . 
  it could be that we are example with big data and machine learning experiencing the first ramp up to the age of singularity ? 
  with singularity itself naturally being still far away . 
  me being the intolerably positive guy i believe we will see that next step in my lifetime , whatever it is . 
   with the above i 'm already taking it by granted that there will be less people working . 
  possible social issues from how the increased total output would be handled is a whole total other issue on top of all this . 
  it 's already clear that it will be not just close , but extremely close . 
  trump 's defeat wont be devastating certainly . 
  that itself is significant . 
  no reason to go for insults . 
  according to abc of economics humans consumption needs are endless and so the amount of work can never end . 
  what automation and ai are doing is n't anything else than increasing output . 
  these exact same fears were given in the late 1800s and early 1900s when assembly lines and first automation in industry wide scale started popping up . 
  here in finland that did n't result into job losses , rather our labor productivity has grown 15 times over in 100 years . 
  70 % of the jobs today did not exists in 1920 . 
  i 'm not saying further automation and ai is n't a issue plenty of proper economics and academics are n't looking into . 
  people just should n't be too hang up on what jobs are disappearing . 
  100 years ago people could have never imagined most of the job titles people have these days . 
  this is a bit late , but it has changed hugely in helsinki especially in that time frame . 
  1990-1993 was the time of deep recession in finland before the sharp economic growth that started in 1995 , paired with the dramatically increased immigration compared to past years . 
  did n't make a great climate for `` outsiders '' . 
  in 1990 population with a foreign background was 9000 and is now 78000 in helsinki . 
  foreign-language population is at around 164 000 in greater helsinki ( helsinki , espoo and vantaa ) . 
  small parts left of the old city are nice . 
  the unfortunate part is that there is a reason why the destruction of the old buildings in the 60 's is called turku 's disease ( turun tauti ) in finland . 
  turku as the old capital of finland was pretty much mutilated in the 60 's and 70 's . 
  big difference there , like mentioned above , is that it would create daily commuting route between these 80km apart capitals . 
  this is already almost the case with the 6,2 million passenger that travel by ships every year between the two countries . 
  estonian 's working in construction and such in finland as well as some finnish companies moving some of their operations to estonia , plus tourists of course . 
  ground this tunnel will borrow into should also be easier and cheaper as it is mostly granite . 
  why the capital area of finland is [ full of underground ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxnyeiw28d0 ) open tunnels and spaces . 
  this is still long way out there and preminaliry studies started just last year . 
  some of these reports here in reddit just make it appear like the construction will start at any time . 
  no , rather big majority of finns do want to stay in eu . 
  most recent gallup show 45 % support and 35 % against . 
  granted , there is rather large undecided section . 
  it 's not being changed as of now . 
  it has simply been suggested , though by the national coalition , that does make it a bit more serious . 
  there is long standing history and rivalry between the two songs . 
  there is n't actually official national anthem written in any laws and both maame and finlandia have been proposed over the years . 
  maame just naturally became the national anthem when it solidified its position in ww2 , when it was often played . 
  i personally think finlandia is a magnitudes more [ beautiful ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qosat6u4e-8&amp;t=5m30s ) song than maamme , but at the same time not exactly the easiest song to sign in a sporting event . 
  jolla is already pretty much dead . 
  they did secure funding till the end of this year , but that 's about it . 
  withings is still relatively small step into consumer products , compared to the b2b side and nokia buying alcatel-lucent . 
  for nokia to license the brand and patents to this company is risk free to them . 
  something i think is clever , because nokia has made it quite clear they have no interest in joining the smartphone race them-self . 
  angry birds is probably the most known game brand from here , though supercell as far as profits go are couple of levels above . 
  made 700 million euros with 70 employees last year and with clash royale i would not be surprised if they make 1 billion in profit this year . 
  that did n't last long here in helsinki . 
  wakes up for work and there 's snow even on the roads , cloudy and misty . 
  8 hours later all snow is gone and the sky is blue . 
  there at the moment multiple +100 m projects in helsinki . 
  8 towers being build in kalasatama with 2 on construction at the moment ( 132m and 115m ) . 
  10 towers for pasila are approved and the new pasila centre ( tripla ) that will be surrounded by the towers is under construction . 
  there are also multiple +100 m towers approved in espoo , tapiola area . 
  tampere has its plans for high rises on top of the new deck alongside the new arena . 
  vw group thought might just be the only car conglomerate that has made the huge amount brands work . 
  gm tried and failed decades ago . 
  winterkorn spearheaded phaeton , veyron and started the aggressive attack to make audi truly compete with bmw and mercedes in mid 2000 . 
  phaeton might have not sold hugely , but they got what they wanted . 
  you have seat and skoda in the mid tier , vw in ever so slightly over those and audi above vw . 
  plus of course vw groups luxury and supercar brands over all them . 
  it 's amazing that especially the skoda , vw and audi trio is working so well . 
  please , do at least read what the actual subject is . 
  we are talking about mandatory conscription and all young men losing half a year to a year in military or civil service . 
  women can just as well do civil service . 
  i 'm not sure if you are trolling or do n't actually know what an finlandssvensk is ? 
  finlandssvensk being finnish or swedish is not even a subject i 've ever heard before this . 
  like calling the many language minorities in switzerland to be nationality of said language . 
  it seems like you have a problem with her being finnish and selecting finland as her home country . 
  honestly , why should you care ? 
  reddit is a eco chamber . 
  what some people in this pro european sub think on what should be done to uk matters absolutely zero in the soon 450 million populous union . 
  your reasoning of picking side comes quite childish and simplistic as do the hard line pro and anti uk , eu , whatever . 
  in the real world , outside of this sub it comes down to european economic area that has major , tangible and immediate economic benefits . 
  so brits want to obliviously maintain as much of it as possible , while naturally eu ca n't just simply give full access when you sign off from funding that system and not taking the directives that make the single market possible . 
  i do n't think how much you actually know of eu and about its predecessors going back to 50 's , but eu will always be there in some form . 
  in this global world it 's not a question will there be free movement of services , capital and goods in this very fractured map of western countries . 
  it 's a must . 
  all this will need some kind of body that harmonizes the legislation so this is all possible between all these different nations . 
  european union is a huge success story and has done absolute wonders by breaking national monopolies ( especially on energy sector from 1990 to 2009 . 
  italy and uk work as a prime example there ) and creating eu intra market and all the organisations that make it happen . 
  i can give you small example of this . 
  who is pushing for serialisation on pharmaceutical products . 
  in a very simplistic terms this means adding unique code to each consumable packaging that is traceable . 
  this unique identifier follow the same packaging from manufacturer to consumer , with checking of the unique identifier in different parts of the logistics chain . 
  countries like france and germany in eu already had old legislation on this . 
  now usa/fda is pushing for dscsa that will be enforced from 2018-2021 and eu is pushing for falsified medicines directive that is enforced from 2019 onwards . 
  these both methods are different on some aspects , but they achieve the same goal . 
  these both methods will also become the global standards . 
  this is just one of the many decisions that let the european companies and people have a say on global standards . 
  rather than germany , italy , sweden etc. 
  making their own standards and in the end needing to implement outside standard on the global logistics network and needing to deal with many standards across europe .
