  here you have an strong body that will create the single standard and harmonize the legislation across all countries and also help local eu companies by creating global standard they are familiar with . 
  that is not to say eu should just keep growing . 
  i 'm in the camp that eu should retract in parts . 
  at the same time body similar to european union will always be needed in europe . 
  it should be said that the memorandum of understanding for the deal was done already in 2014 . 
  before sipil\u00e4 became pm . 
  sipil\u00e4 has been naive no doubt , but i do feel there is a bit of a hunt going on for his head on certain parts of the media . 
  and it is up to jurisdiction to punish him if they can show his involvement . 
  he has done an amazing job for the company and is getting paid according to his contract . 
  he has been on a helm of a success story after success story in vw group from chairman of audi and then ceo of vw group from 2007 . 
  his legacy was to leave vw group as the largest car manufacturer in the world last year . 
  i understand what you are saying , but what he is getting paid from vw group imo is n't relevant . 
  i had imagined from the stories that he shoved him to the pavement and there was a bit more of unluck involved on why he ended up dying . 
  that is way more violent than i thought . 
  imo the whole thing about his investments last week was bottom of the barrel stuff from the press . 
  press that clearly had never taken even the most basic of a economics class . 
  he is a millionaire that came into politics outside . 
  was hunted for not disclosing what his investment basket included after he said he could n't remember all of it . 
  all while this basket is a basic product from nordea and [ totally public ] ( http://www.arvopaperi.fi/kaikki_uutiset/huh-huh-katso-raju-paljastuskuva-juha-sipilan-miljoonista-6606568 ) for all to see and on top of it extremely boring . 
  shares on one company are so small that it does n't matter and sipil\u00e4 ca n't decide what is inside the basket . 
  that is up to nordea . 
  as far as what i understood from diving into graphene academic papers years ago that the dream was to construct the band gap , property that is not inherent to graphene . 
  again , not my field so what i 'm getting from you is that is was essentially a headline grabber for something that might be possibly far away . 
  i wonder is your assessment of `` results noa '' any different than it has been past 50 years ? 
  though , it does feel like us influence and cash flow on hard science is lower than it was decades ago . 
  i think we might be talking about the same thing ? 
  i 'm not pessimistic about graphene long term but like you said , some of these simply get stuck into development hell . 
  it will need a nudge from outside or single inside breakthrough to get the ball going on and just throwing money at the research might not always be the most efficient answer . 
  deep learning is a great example of this . 
  off the shelf gpus and the explosion of available data held by multiple bodies has suddenly opened deep learning into way wider audience and not just academic world like it was mainly +5 years ago . 
  no amount of money thrown into research 15 years ago would have changed much concerning deep learning today . 
  it was the outside world that organically made deep learning research explode 5 years ago . 
  not a physicist , but what i have understood that the waters on the field are so murky that many communities seem to waiting at iter to finally show what happens when we take this to really big scale . 
  the $ 20 billion iter completion has been delayed countless of times , that has probably also had its affect . 
  just throwing money at a problem is n't always the answer either . 
  graphene was a buzz word some years ago and received a lot of funding with the promise of it being pretty much answer to all of our problems . 
  including funding from eu 's graphene flagship $ 1 billion fund . 
  now it seems like graphene wont be the moore 's law savior in the next 10 years like some people hoped and the real funding in that field has moved to materials like germanium and other iii-v materials . 
  yes ... or simply did n't know . 
  the pic is n't actually from the airport . 
  it 's for europe 's largest startup event held in helsinki . 
  the above picture is taken from exhibition and convention center in helsinki . 
  i was there . 
  as much as they have with bilbao . 
  guggenheim is a wealthy american family and now mostly known for their foundation . 
  i 'm sure you have seen [ new york 's guggenheim museum ] ( https://i1.wp.com/www.guggenheim.org/wp-content/uploads/2007/12/gen-press-guggenheim-foundation-image-3.jpg?fit=1077%2c717&amp;ssl=1 ) built in the 50 's . 
  they approached helsinki to build a museum here and helsinki rejected it . 
  tokyo , rio de janeiro , salzburg , hong kong have gone down with rejecting the projects as well . 
  bilbao was absolutely successful as is the original 50 's new york museum , but the one in germany closed after 10 years , las vegas in 7 years and second new york museum was closed as well . 
  rio de janeiro , salzburg , guadalajara , vilna , hong kong , tokio were approached by guggenheim foundation but rejected . 
  their abu dhabi project has been in every sense a total catastrophe with double the budget , slave labor and going so bad that in the middle of building it there were questions if the project should be cancelled . 
  time will tell if/when it gets build will the guggenheim name draw people in . 
  again , bilbao was put into map by guggenheim and that was lightning in the bottle for them . 
  though , it is hugely debatable should anybody actually pay for their collection and the feeds they ask . 
  if guggenheim trusted these museums as a business they would be part of the risk in some way . 
  people love the building in bilbao , but the guggenheim 's own collection itself has n't received thanks . 
  so why pay for the brand and yearly feeds ? 
  only thing guggenheim gives you is the name , and i do n't think in 2016 and with the recent examples there 's nothing that points the name to be worth the costs . 
  according to this thread most do n't even know what guggenheim actually is and that bilbao is n't the only guggenheim museum . 
  companies we are talking here do n't really have much to do with labor laws in what country they choose their bulk to be . 
  it 's more about the overwhelming size and centralization of the right people and funding in silicon valley . 
  one of the main idea of silicon valley is that people jump between companies constantly and bring new ideas . 
  you have larger tech startup fund base than all the european startup hot spots combined in the valley . 
  all this is in a very small geographical location . 
  overwhelming amount of exits for euro tech startups are towards usa and that wont change in the near future . 
  though , startups example in london , stockholm , helsinki and berlin have been going for larger and larger exits recently . 
  not just happy to get the company going and then sell to 10 million , 100 million buyout . 
  it should be said that finnish-swede/finlandssvenska as she herself identified as has nothing to do with her mother being swedish . 
  her father was a finnish-swede . 
  finns who mainly speak swedish out of the two official languages and follow finnish-swede customs are finnish-swedes . 
  some 6 % of finns identify as finnish-swedes . 
  not arguing about anything else . 
  there just seems to be some misinformation on what the term finnish-swede actually is . 
  coming from somebody who was born in finnish-swede town and lived there 20 years . 
  the tax investigations include around 34 companies at the moment . 
  likes of fiat or belgium that ordered to fetch 700 million in missed taxes . 
  i do agree with you partly in were to put the blame , but then hating example the likes of luxembourg for its tax avoidance schemes is bit more wider than some very pro eu people on a eu pro subreddit complaining about apple . 
  at the same time nobody should deny the sleaziness of these service companies . 
  taxation should happen where the value is created , but that is not happening at the moment . 
  meaning the effective taxation for example google is 2,1 % . 
  it 's too bad it has become eu vs us thing on this front . 
  americans are losing just as much with apple , ms and google all have their 50-400 billion net cash reserves nested in europe to avoid taxation in us . 
  it 's more important than ever that they get taxed fairly . 
  not to say there is n't double standards . 
  it 's no coincidence that both strongest industries are being punished the worst on both sides . 
  banking and car industry in eu and tech in europe . 
  it 's hardly only apple . 
  i guess media the media mostly reports about apple ? 
  i would guess us media does n't also talk about the rest that are not us companies all that much . 
  though , the monetary amount asked from apple is clearly the largest . 
  fiat , starbucks , ab inbev , pb , amazon , mcdonalds and some 31 others are or have been under tax investigation past 5 years . 
  belgium was ruled to recover 750 million euros from some 20 companies operating there . 
  luxembourg was ruled to take 30 million euros from fiat . 
  it 's not just apple . 
  media just rises the apple case because of the mountains of cash involved . 
  fiat , starbucks , ab inbev , pb , amazon , mcdonalds and some 28 others are or have been under under investigation past 7 years . 
  in the ab inbev case belgium was ruled to recover 750 million euros from some 20 companies operating there . 
  including ab inbev . 
  ... why it 's discussed and tried to be blocked . 
  i do n't really understand your point , if there is one .
