once again , they would n't own all property lmao, 
  `` from each according to his ability , to each according to his need '' applies well to that , my medicine is really making me tired so this response might suck but i think it is n't really communism that 's at fault for failed revolutions in the past , it 's true a few were failures simply because their leaders became authoritarians but i 'd say the main fault of most countries that marxism is attempted is outside aggression , generally from the us , look at grenada , maurice bishop was trying to do good when the coup happened and we invaded them . 
  [ this video has good information ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziddcebckhq ) but it has a bit of a bad reading, 
  it is a government run by workers , that gives land to other workers , it would n't create a new class unless they kept all the land to themselves and refused to dissolve the state like stalin , hoxha , etc. 
  did, 
  no , not really , why do you think white people are automatically racist ? 
  that makes no sense , institutional racism exists because the position of power white people currently are in . 
  power and class are the two main causes of racism , without class and a white majority in power racism will wither away . 
  because there 's a large difference between a workers democracy and a bourgeois democracy , if the workers are in control that means it 's probably going to be larger poc , and with the redistribution of wealth a lot of racial problems will go away for us . 
  the proletariat state should only help in seizing property , taking ownership of it is what a bourgeois state would do . 
  property ownership to the state ? 
  that 's not the goal though , the goal is to give it to the workers , the state will immediately become a proletariat state , and eventually wither away into a stateless , classless society , so i do n't get why you think i 'd want to give property to the state . 
  if they are unwilling to give up their land for the betterment of humanity , they deserve to die . 
  europeans came with their concepts of private property and ruined the americas , we have to restore the equality seen back then , but in a more modern way . 
  my silence is telling me that i have a paper due tomorrow that i needed to work on , the proletariat will inevitably take our side and overthrow the rich . 
  what makes you think i do nothing to help the poor ? 
  and what makes you think i 'm not poor myself ? 
  i got a cheap phone , and a cheap computer and i skip meals because i feel bad about being expensive , on a worldwide scale i am rich but stop assuming that i am doing nothing . 
  the lower-middle class is not responsible for the suffering of everyone else , the rich and upper-middle class are , along with property owners . 
  16 acres and just a minor farm ? 
  absolutely we would seize it , and if you did n't let us there would be bloodshed , but if you were willing to give it up everything would turn out fine , you 'd still be able to work on the farm and the state would provide enough food for you . 
  if you own a lot of land under marxism it can be taken away , but that refers to farmland rather than houses , and other necessities . 
  no , i mean the rich , with the redistribution of wealth it 's not unrealistic to think that most people could buy smart phones and live a relatively normal life by today 's standards , currently there is no ethical consumption but once the workers own the factories they 'll be pushing out phones and tvs to give to people without making a profit . 
  that 's not really how it should work , private property under marxism , and marxism-leninism refers to property that is used to profit , private property would be a factory or a store while personal property would be your house , your toothbrush , your phone , etc. 
  either your mom was using her property to profit , or she did n't deserve to get it taken away and that would n't happen in a true proletariat revolution . 
  a class of people that let poor people die . 
  it is though , we beat every socialist candidate since the 1970s and we 're full blown marxist leninists . 
  private property should be seized , i 'm glad she lost her property rights if she used it to profit . 
  genocide generally pertains to race , but ok man . 
  edit : also i 'm all about gun rights , they 'll help teach the rich to share . 
  that 's like me saying `` maybe your people should 've fought off the ussr '' you dick . 
  what the hell is wrong with you man ? 
  i meant the rich , the people who can have billions of dollars while my people have to go to bed hungry . 
  i 'm american and i love the eu , can our tribe join ? 
  it 's genocide to say the people who hold all the money while we starve deserve to die too ? 
  ok then man . 
  it has to be accomplished through revolution , does that mean genocide ? 
  nah , was the american revolution an act of genocide ? 
  rich deserve to die if they do n't want to share their wealth but capitalists ? 
  nah , just be willing to share your labour and property with your fellow people . 
  he was named [ honorary chief of our tribe and that makes me so mad ] ( https://www.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/news/canada/2011/07/11/harper_dons_war_paint_named_chief_speaker_of_blood_tribe/bloodtribe.jpeg.size.custom.crop.1086x746.jpg ), 
  i 'm a dual citizen , i hated harper so much . 
  i 'd imagine , america is comparatively very right wing, 
  some people have lost faith in the democratic party , the greens and libertarians also got a large number of votes if i remember right . 
  similar things are happening in america , party for socialism and liberation 's candidate got more votes than any other socialist , let alone communist candidate since 1976 and far-right beliefs and white nationalism are on the rise as well . 
  sounds ideal to me, 
  the [ american indian movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_indian_movement ) responsible for the standoff at [ wounded knee in 1973 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wounded_knee_incident ) ( not the massacre ), 
  i meant `` we '' as in the country i live in , should 've clarified . 
  want to talk about only hating authoritarianism when they 're not on your side ? 
  why do we support saudi arabia but not cuba ? 
  not all of them but a lot of them , authoritarianism is n't an excuse to put up sanctions that starve innocent people . 
  venezuela 's problems stem from the american government , i support cuba more though . 
  more than y' all , vikings did n't permanently settle here . 
  most of that is completely untrue , the majority of people did n't vote for sanders because the party was rigged against him , the emails showed that . 
  also why would voting for hillary be better for minorities ? 
  she supported a coup in honduras that lead to the assassinations of many indigenous activists , and she has n't said anything about blm at all . 
    not that i think you are really an american indian . 
   i get people pretend to be indian but who the fuck pretends to be kainai , blackfoot ? 
  whenever they 're native they use cherokee or navajo . 
  if living there for thousands of years does n't make it ours , can we invade you ? 
  not sure why this comment disappeared but here it is again, 
  33 % of people ages 18-29 reject capitalism , but we ca n't elect a social democrat ? 
  lol, 
   not that i think you are really an american indian . 
  i get people pretend to be indian but who the fuck pretends to be kainai , blackfoot ? 
  whenever they 're native they use cherokee or navajo . 
  if living there for thousands of years does n't make it ours , can we invade you ? 
  sanders is the most popular politician in america according to fox , and hillary is pretty much universally disliked , she only got the votes she got because she was running against trump . 
  so basically it does n't matter that the entire country is moving more further left ? 
  do young voters not have the power to elect better officials that would be accepting of nationalised healthcare and more labour rights ? 
  us when we came here 13,000-30 ,000 years before you . 
  because of bias against him , they set him up to fail . 
  civilised and primitive are useless terms . 
  when europeans showed up to my land between 1492 and now . 
  which part is not true ? 
  that the party was against him ? 
  i get she won the popular vote and our electoral college system is messed up but you ca n't deny the democratic party is to blame , they nominated a coup supporting candidate who 's barely left when the majority of young people are moving much further left . 
  i mean it 's my first language , if you did n't want me speaking different english to you than you should n't have forced us to learn it . 
  if people were n't so unhappy with the democrats we would have a dem majority congress . 
  it was close , it should n't have been . 
  edit : also , the people chose sanders but the party was against him . 
  ... syria though , and yemen, 
  step 1 . ), 
  do n't, 
  i would 've said the same thing until we elected someone who does n't care about water rights , healthcare , or women 's rights . 
  https://i.imgur.com/agh1dsx.gif i spent so long trying to make this good but i could n't do it, 
  honestly in america you 're either a centrist or a communist . 
  ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ guys ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ europe ? 
  centrism is not a good reaction to the current political situation , if hillary was further left trump would not be president . 
   maybe we use luck in different ways but i do n't literally mean they need a non-existent power to help them , i say good luck to people before they play a sports game but that 's not me telling them they suck , or need it , or that they should n't try . 
  and holy shit how are you gon na call me biased when 99 % of your comments are anti-eu or anti-scottish independence . 
  ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ n.i. 
  ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ireland, 
  tfw you know your country will never elect a far-left ( by our standards ) candidate, 
  i always found [ sami music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afnp91ujcwo ) interesting , because my people never made music with lyrics i 'm always surprised to hear lyrics ( or at least something i think is lyrics ) in indigenous music . 
  maybe we use luck in different ways but i do n't literally mean they need a non-existent power to help them , i say good luck to people before they play a sports game but that 's not me telling them they suck , or need it , or that they should n't try . 
  absolute savagery, 
  good luck ireland !, 
  can you maybe update me on what 's going on ? 
  i 'm pretty behind on international news .
