nobody in this thread talked about an independent kurdistan vefore you brought it up . 
  it 's not an excuse to do anything , but whataboutism to a certain extent is healthy . 
  just watch the russian `` documantary '' about usa 's `` spreading democracy '' with all of its problems and failures . 
  it 's all completely true , but it 's just showing one side of the story , and makes you ask `` but what about russia ? '', 
  after it . 
  and it should . 
  olympic doping is nothing compared to aleppo and donbass . 
  i 'd argue that russia was better off in the late 80 's than it is now relative to other countries . 
  the title is at least . 
  the article says the fine is 500 000 $ per day , not per item . 
  from wikipedia :  if the conditions of age , qualification , health clearance , criminal integrity and personal reliability are met and a fee of 700 czk per category is paid , the license shall be issued in 30 days . 
  also did n't find anything on requiring a reason . 
  city of vaasa in finland too, 
  in czechia guns are available to pretty much anyone who wants one and fulfills certain criteria . 
  still you do n't see them murdering each other any more than their neighbors do . 
  they are russian citizens now and are counted in the countrys censuses . 
  even if you do n't support the annexation ( i do n't ) , it 'd be stupid not to include them in a population map . 
  those are de facto independent . 
  russia does n't claim to own or administer them ( yet ), 
  is n't your government leftist ? 
  these things are not taught in history lessons . 
  http://time.com/4616802/ukraine-corruption-president-poroshenko/ did you read the article that op posted ? 
  if you think that 's false or not enough , then you need to tell us why it 's false or not enough . 
  it was a joke about the russian `` no-proofs '' apologists . 
  apparently it 's not just a russian thing then ? 
  i 'm sorry , what do you mean ? 
  they only polled russians . 
  only people in russia and central asia miss it . 
  socialism is about not having a political elite , it 's the opposite . 
   clearly , but how ? 
  by voting ? 
  is there a referendum every time the business needs to make a decision ? 
  it 's up to the workers of the business how they want to manage it . 
  but if a decision affects most of them in a significant way , there should absolutely be a vote about it . 
   also do people in the company down the street have a say in how the bakery i work for is run ? 
  no , only the people that work in your bakery have . 
  capitalism is n't really a choice , it 's kind of imposed by the bourgeois state and its army . 
  why would everyone be equally poor ? 
  by the workers . 
  chechens have lived there since prehistorical times , far longer than russians . 
  chechens are indigenous too, 
  marseille does n't have a different dominant ethnic group that is different from the rest of the country . 
  better comparison would be the basque country and eta . 
  eu still needs reform though . 
  for example , the council and comission need to be directly elected or abolished and their powers given to the parliament, 
   the holodomor is a complex situation and you ca n't just claim it was genocide , theres plenty of evidence out there that shows stalin tried his best to get the russians to send supplies and the famine was not ` man made ' or the fault of the soviets . 
  see how that looks now ? 
  or north cyprus joining eu after reunification, 
  30 years war happened after the reformation and quite a few people died in the name of their specific interpretation, 
  yeah , just like an austrian can throw away their passport and claim they 're swiss or german . 
  anyone who speaks german will notice the accent/dialect very easily . 
  most of africa is a paradise compared to eritrea, 
  [ here is a link ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2015/09/stretching-facts-on-syrian-refugees/ )  the united nations ' figures show women outnumber men , and children 11 years old and younger , male and female , account for 38.5 percent of all refugees . 
   unhcr 's data show that 50.5 percent of refugees are women . 
  females age 18 to 59 make up 23.9 percent of the refugees , while males in that age group make up 21.8 percent . 
  socialism does n't mean government ownership, 
  socialism refers to the people owning them themselves . 
   as i understand it well , it seems you do n't understand it at all . 
  socialism is n't increased state control , and in fact most socialists are in favor of abandoning the state at one point or another . 
  being anti-nato , anti-eu and anti-euro is n't in any way nationalist by itself, 
   hardcore stalinists ftfy, 
  they all have pretty much the same end goal . 
  the difference is in how to implement the said end goal, 
  hungary is n't much of a democracy anymore, 
  so russia 's a democracy now ? 
  sweden has a leftist government and nobody calls it a dictatorship . 
  a bit of a strawman you got there, 
  we ca n't continue the negotiations if turkey reimplements the death penalty, 
  so no bosnia , albania or kosovo into the eu either ? 
  also the turkish muslim part of cyprus is legally part of the eu . 
  that 's true for all authoritarian regimes . 
  that 's why you should keep the guns , to resist the dictatorships that form . 
  and not all socialist revolutions confiscated people 's guns . 
  those were not surprisingly also the most succesful and democratic ones , like the paris commune , revolutionary catalonia and rojava, 
  good luck getting a diehard motorcyclist to ride that thing . 
  does it really ? 
  30 % of swiss people own guns . 
   in 2014 there were 173 attempted and completed homicides , of which 18 involved firearms ( 10.4 % ) . 
  41 of them were completed , therefore switzerland had a murder rate of 0.49 per 100,000 population , the lowest raw figure and lowest rate for 33 years , since the start of the nationwide coordinated collection of statistical data , despite a 27 % growth in population ( from 6.4 million to 8.1 million ) over the same period . 
  why should it be harder for mentally healthy non-criminal people to get guns ? 
  california has banned weapons with more than 10 rounds and with pistol grips . 
  does n't make the weapons any safer . 
  background checks and the like help reduce it , sure , and i do n't have a problem with those , but does banning large magazines or short barrels help at all ? 
  is there any evidence to suggest that ? 
  yes , they were legally made in the ussr in the 60 's for exporting to foreign rebel groups and militias . 
  their travels since have been mostly illegal . 
  banning purchases of high capacity semi-auto guns is n't going to stop the terrorists from bringing their full-auto aks from syria or other conflict zones . 
  yes , i do n't mind background checks or registration or even waiting periods or occasional inspections or psychological tests . 
  i 'm opposed to banning specific guns based on their barrel length or magazine capacity , which is beyond stupid . 
  it is n't going to help at all . 
  yeah , like in czechia ? 
  how are legal firearms counterproductive ? 
  banning legal weapons because illegal weapons kill people is the counterproductive thing here, 
  but it proves that legal gun ownership does n't increase violent crime . 
  because they were n't communist, 
  socialists believe in the revolution too, 
  or course , so the people could n't revolt again when they realise that the dictator is n't actually socialist, 
  also quite handy for self-defense . 
  how do you explain this statistic from czechia , a country which has more liberal gun laws than most of the us ? 
  fully automatic weapons have n't been legal for decades , if ever in europe .
