  unfortunetly some are but im glad charlie hebdo did n't give in . 
  how about a coin that shows that germany and britain used to be good allies , does n't have to be modern germany either you could use prussia . 
  you should involve france too for the whole europe feel . 
  it would have to be something that everyone knows about . 
  so anyone know a scene from history with britain and germany working together that involves france in some way that everyone knows about ? 
  with the way the conservatives are going after privacy , civil liberties , ttip etc i 'll be voting to stay in if only to reign them . 
  i think i just heard some american comcast shareholders heads exploding . 
  / r/stormfrontorsjw / same thing . 
  ah yes ` social justice ' . 
  the movement that wants to redefine racism and sexism to be ` prejudice plus power ' because they are both yet do n't want to be labelled as such as that would mean they would get critised and cause triggers . 
  the problem here is that ` social justice ' ( which i consider a euphemism for ` we 're racist/sexist but do n't want to be labelled it ' ) people like the one in the link redefine racism as prejudice plus power . 
  they then define power as ` being a white male ' . 
  this lets them spout any amount of hateful shit whilst claiming that they are not what they are totally are . 
  i just knew it would be nazi 's in spaaaaaaace without even clicking the link . 
  are you sure he was n't from thailand ? 
  i had soup for lunch , now i wish i had gone out and got a burrito , god damn i love burritos . 
  well , technically , the last recourse is revolution , its not like they are unheard of in europe . 
  dude they have leaf springs now on some cars . 
  i 'm suprised they do n't come with steam engines and a coal box behind them . 
  the speaker controls the house of commons , the pm just leads the current im power party . 
  if it was anything else it would be a dictatorship . 
  he is n't in power , the tories and lib dem are in power and even then they have to abide by how the house of commons votes . 
  i did n't assume you where labour , i was commenting on the fact people seem to jump on the torys ( esp scotland , mind you that 's not surprising after what thatcher did ) without first readnig what actually happened . 
  which is what you did with `` fuckin tories '' . 
  this was n't camerons decision . 
  he wanted to increase the budget but as of late labour have become more euro skeptic and them with some tory rebels managed to force cameron into trying to get the budget cut . 
  ahhh , thats the ticket . 
  forget who was the main voting block that forced cameron to try and cut the eu budget , lets just hate on one party . 
  fyi - it was labour with some tory rebels that forced the cut through , cameron wanted to increase it . 
  pfft , only europe ? 
  there a lot of old colonies that need to `` reconsider '' their independence . 
  please , moore is a hack, 
  when comparing the homicide rates in the uk vs us you have to take into consideration the cultures and histories of those countries over the past 4 decades . 
  in the us you have had a hard approach when it comes to drug law enforcement where as the uk has had a much more measured approach . 
  similarly , the way the us and uk has dealt with poverty in there respective countries has created a better situation in the uk , although that can partly blamed on the us spending a much higher percentage of its budget on its military . 
  both of the alone have created two very different socioeconomic situations where the scale of gang culture and violence in the us is way beyond that of the uk . 
  therefore comparing the homicide rates for both countries does n't work . 
  the homicide rate in the us is a little more complicated than `` its cos of guns '' . 
  there is a rather large problem with gangs in america most of which use illegal firearms so you have to take that into account . 
  these gangs are fuelled by the war on drugs and by innercity socioeconomic problems that go back decades and which successive governments have failed to address . 
  those gangs would get ahold of firearms even if the us had eu style gun laws since the us has a major problem with the mexican border and the us government was caught red handed funnelling guns into the hands of mexican gangs , which then used the guns in the us . 
  i bet sony and microsoft wo n't be happy about that . 
  both of them have been looking at using digital distributed as a way to shut down the pre-owned market by stopping the use of disks . 
  this shuts down that particular idea . 
  good . 
  she plays the victim card like no other . 
  or maybe we should figure out why people are not having kids and not getting married and try to remove those issues and promote having kids and marriage . 
  anyone would think the entire of europes suddenly become fucking sterile . 
  merkel can go fuck herself with the cock of a dead pig . 
  anita also nicks video footage from other people without crediting them . 
  the only time she has n't afaia is when she used hitman absolution . 
  this was because everybody who did a lets play followed the actual mission requirements and that meant she could n't get footage of the pc killing random women and dragging their corpses around , so she did it herself and said it was the aim of the game . 
  she lies so much she could get a job at the daily mail . 
  i agree , i also asked the oldest generation of my family , those who grew up in the blitz and parents fought in ww2 and grandparents fought in ww1 think the majority of the men coming from syria are cowards for not fighting to build a country they can live in . 
  they think most of the men should be rejected and told to go fight with doctors etc being kept in refugee camps with the old , women and children etc. 
  huh maybe inviting the entire fucking middle east was n't the smartest move after all then ... who ` da fucking guessed . 
  i remember when that came out and the civil service shit a collective brick thinking there had been leaks . 
  i take it the new government will tell germany to go fuck themselves and reject the quota and eject any ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ economic migrants ? 
  please make sure this is not a `` pick the least worst '' and if no one can be decided upon then re-open the list . 
  naw if it was benny it would be millions of good looking women in lingerie coming to europe not millions of men with very questionable backgrounds . 
  then you are going to kill the eu because everyone else ( apart from sweden ) is not that insane . 
  you mean thrace right ? 
  then you need to step down as the country that is leading the eu . 
  others are not going to pander to your collective lunacy . 
  they can go back to their own country and sort their own shit out , like what europe had to do with all its fucking civil wars and revolutions . 
  this thread has been archived [ here ] ( https://archive.is/vyeig ) for when the comment section gets nuked . 
  remember when banishment was a thing ... 
  the issue here is you always hear the word `` moderate '' and i think most people would apply that to a scale of what is normal for the country or their world view - not realising the person speaking might be using a different scale . 
  if you take capitalism to communism for instance a liberal communist might still be considered an extremist by a moderate capitalist . 
  if the difference between a moderate and extremist is the use of violence , but the beliefs are the same then for a secular society - * both * are extremists . 
  it 's like being called a shitlord by someone from srs or people from tumblr - it 's a badge of honour . 
  this proves the bbc etc where wrong and the `` look at the poor refugee being attacked , wo n't someone think of the refugees '' was complete bullshit . 
  the only thing this has done is show us we can not trust the media when they are pro-refugee ( economic migrant ) news . 
  this proves the bbc etc where wrong and the `` look at the poor refugee being attacked , wo n't someone think of the refugees '' was complete bullshit . 
  the only thing this has done is show us we can not trust the media when they are pro-refugee ( economic migrant ) news . 
  that 's not going to stop me using cash . 
  i vastly prefer cash , checking out my cash makes me think if i really need the purchase before going to the cashier . 
  because what they have been taught might be banned where they are or it might be an older riskier technique which could cause a death . 
  if anything happened the countries government would be sued out of their arses . 
  we would send in the armed forces if france tried that . 
  no boats to or from the island apart from at one port that is heavily guarded , and curtain the entire island with a very tall wall with a good 10 meters of razor wire on both sides . 
  we willna be fooled again !, 
  elves in germanic lore are not tolkien elves . 
  bollocks . 
  where the fuck do i even begin ... 
  4chans university educated older brother . 
  i was on the fence about the eu referendum , now i 'm not . 
  i will be voting to leave . 
  ah , good to know . 
  to echo trey29g 's question , i would like this answered as well , why was this submission removed ? 
  one of these things is not like the other , one of these things does n't belong . 
   that 's not so funny , as it shows clear racist tendencies in this student union . 
  they define racism as prejudice + power . 
  it 's a bullshit excuse to let them be racist whilst claiming not to be . 
  they do the same with any form of prejudice . 
  * i knew this would be the top comment * anyway ... briiitaanniiaaaaa rules the waves, 
  50 years ago our computers used transistors , where massive and had less power than a smart phone . 
  ha they can go fuck a duck . 
  they ai n't getting shit . 
  hopefully this will get car manufacturers to more aggressively look at ev to avoid this shit in the future .
