in one part , or a few others . 
  the one of problems is nearly every century what we wore has changed . 
  i would go with shirt , tie , jacket , britches , stockings , shoes - something 18th century . 
  really our costume is the suit , invented by charles ii - its been the core of what we have worn ever since really , just getting revised as fashions change . 
  pewdiepie is the best representation of someone from sweden . 
  piss off the french : say english wine is better than french . 
  these guys are not regional group , or are they trying to defend a country or region from what they consider to be aggressors . 
  this makes them different to the likes of say hamas or al qaeda in terms of strategy . 
  this group are playing at kingdom building . 
  they are trying to carve out a new caliphate with the borders being any land that has ever been in a caliphate before which includes spain , turkey and greece . 
  if we do n't stop them now and they expand , consolidate and develop a more competent offensive capability we might end up facing a much greater threat . 
  but the initials would be ee , i would n't want it named after a phone company ... maybe something relative to the fact canada , new zealand and austraila are part of the same thing their parent country is , i 'm sure there 's a name that could be used . 
  yea but it was n't wearing a gimp suit ... so not exactly germany . 
  not really , if the options are comply or die ( leave ) then there is no choice , its a false choice . 
  want another example ? 
  choose : you 're using linux , you get given the choice a ) use windows b ) do n't use a computer if a member state of the eu does n't want to integrate further they should n't have to . 
  that is choice ( closer , further , static ) , not your idea of it . 
   yeah , i meant leave . 
  and in my opinion , when you have to options to freely choose , you are not being force . 
  ok you have to choices : 1 ) jump off a bridge 2 ) jump in front of a train see free choice !, 
  the issue is a lot of the rich do n't earn their money , their ancestors earned it and the offspring did fuck all but be born into the right family . 
  that is the issue . 
  the average have to spend most of their money to survive and leave little for the next generation . 
  the rich leave more money than the average person could earn in 20 life times . 
  break that cycle and you end a lot of wealth inequality . 
  as for when you 're dead . 
  you 're not being robbed of half it when you die , you 're dead . 
  it is no longer your money because you no longer exist to own it . 
  it is whomever you passed it onto and as i said above that is one of main causes of wealth inequality . 
  of course we could just put the income tax back to what it was in the uk and america in the roaring 50s and 60s - at 90 % at the top rate . 
  only if you 're a fox watching republican that thinks the nhs is a death squad . 
  we already tax it , it just needs to have a higher band when you start reaching the million pound mark , without loopholes . 
  just going off that list alone would have netted europe 150 billion dollars . 
  the wealth gap from the extreme rich and extreme poor is way to high . 
  there should be limit to how much you can inherit capped at 50 million euros max . 
  quick question , has there been a castles of europe yet ? 
  ca n't really steal anything either because everyone is part of the same family . 
  i wish the uk had this our gun laws are stupid . 
  thanks for posting that , i bugs the hell out of me when people use outdated research . 
  umm are you sure you 're not forgetting someone with least favourite , like say ... 
  * france ?!, 
  that left one has bugger all leg room , if you 're over 6 ' like me . 
  so on the streets of moscow by 2016 eh ? 
  not if you have a suicide wish , otherwise yes . 
   do politely decline anything that 's offered to you ( especially if it 's an offer of a drink ) as it will be offered again if the person is sincere . 
  [ would you like a cup of tea father ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n20whvmptgs ), 
  it was the 90s most of us where out of our head on drugs !, 
  itt : the worst euro songs that uk has been subjected to against its will . 
  `` oh are you one of those mutants from chernobyl ? '', 
  you 've never been to newcastle i take it . 
  haha suck it london - the north . 
  subtle ... not always , we can be very blunt sometimes like `` you 're a fucking cunt mate '' however the usually occurs on a friday/saturday night when every one is pissed . 
  so what you 're saying is the uk is the eus version of texas , always going on about leaving - never doing so . 
  the jesus christ that 's bloody big telescope . 
  this should surprise me ... but considering the shower of shits that run this country its about right . 
  this reminded me of my first german lesson in high school - forget ein zwei drei vier funf or ich heisse the first words we learnt where : schei\u00dfe , schei\u00dfkerl and arschloch . 
  the teach was well impressed < . <, 
  we need to fund the esa more . 
  so that was purple for me , i was thinking `` oh this will be rammstein '' ... im not sure how much wrong i could been with that . 
  seriously . 
  fuck my government . 
  well in that case well wont need the stuff we invented ... hope they enjoy pre industrial russia again . 
  uk : akihabara electric town from japan . 
  it is an entire city block of high rise stores filled with manga , anime , figurines , cosplay , maid cafes , gaming arcades etc. 
  its a nerd/otaku paradise . 
  the only condition would be the locals come with it to keep its atmosphere . 
   23 -- 28 aug panelbase/scottish national party 1,043 44 % 43 % 13 % 1 % i dunno why but i think that one might have ended up with a bit of bias . 
  similarly i would n't trust any poll done by westminster either . 
  ill take their word , with a [ pinch of salt ] ( http://gb.fotolibra.com/images/previews/666334-salt-mountain.jpeg ), 
  my personal fave ( im english ) is bollocks , nothing quite sums up absolute frustration in the same way , and no one seems to say it right but the brits - americans sound daft saying it . 
  uk - pasties . 
  you 're seeings the same thing happen in northern europe and iceland with germanic neopaganism . 
   a pre-victorian building that was in massive disrepair oh so i take it that right up to the point where thatcher came into power it was in pristine condition that required absolutely no money to be invested in it and as soon as she took power her evil tory powers besieged the building to the point where it was about to collapse ? 
  does that mean we can trade chav 's for japanese school girls ? 
  yorkshire - where men are men , and sheep are nervous . 
  doggerland . 
  spencer perceval . 
  he was going in for an orders in council and when he was walking through the house of commons lobby a man just walked up to him and shot him point blank in the chest . 
  there 's been bloody pistols fired before today , one of our pms was assassinated . 
  this will strengthen the resolve of those who wish to leave the eu . 
  nothing will work to persuade these people to change thier minds , it boils down to `` we do not want foreign countries to have any say in our law . 
  we have fought the powers of europe for 1000 years to remain a sovereign country and we will be damned if our generation is the one that lets the united kingdom be conquered by the powers of europe . 
  this runs through multiple generations , and across different political views , so its not just the 60 + year old dailymail readers . 
  oh damn ... well i 'm a metal head so ... sweden : amon amarth [ `` war of the gods '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvaqqujgsxq ) faeroe islands : tyr [ `` hold the heathen hammer high '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu2bgwcv43o ) finland : turisas [ `` the march of the varangian guard '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x-5zktmymc ) i 'm asatru and the saga 's and edda i think might have slightly flavoured my tastes in metal , just slightly . 
  sounds to me like a great way to reboot the british empire . 
  good luck getting through the north sea . 
  the uk has a man in a respectable suit ... 
  you 're fucking shitting me ?!, 
  what 's europe !? 
  how can you be that bloody thick . 
  then put a blender with a turd you did n't notice . 
  he 's a grade a cunt . 
  yeah it is , in fact its the lingua franca of the modern world . 
  too fucking bad , we won . 
  if he wants to start doing that shit then i suggest everyone posts in their own native language . 
  let the mods deal with 30 odd languages . 
  its a megathread and the common language of europe is english , so post stuff that everyone in / r/europe is going to read in * bloody english * . 
  if you want to post stuff in french do it in / r/france just like the norwegians , germans , italians , spanish , polish ... 
  etc do in their own respective sub reddits for their countries .
