  i dont think so , but i really dont want to discuss politics here ( also i have to leave for work ) imo she would have a chance because shes pretty popular . 
  before last election she made people like her mostly by just showing up . 
  thats a rare feat for politicians . 
  it will take another decade at least until spd gets on an equal level again . 
  the last general election showed that we germans enjoy to have a leader that does absolutly nothing before media has established the populations opinion . 
  the only exception i can think of is the refugee crisis - which is funny enough the only time i fully supported her in the past 12 years ( and people call it her biggest failure ... ) shes without a doubt furthest left cdu chancellor we ever had und ever will have probably . 
  she also is very good for our foreign politics and europe as a whole , but the german people ? 
  debatable . 
  aside kraft ( who doesnt want to go into national politics ) , schulz is the first spd politician after schr\u00f6der who has any chance to become chancellor . 
  but even with him they need to come to terms with their own left wing and the linke . 
  i dont see that happen and am already prepared for another 4 years of merkel . 
  you are way too serious man but if my grandparents stayed at home in 1939 who knows how europe would look like today, 
  how big is poland ? 
  divide that by 2 and you have your answer :\\ ^ ), 
  male privilege anyone ? 
  it still gives me goosebumps - im in my 30s now and still remember loving this series at the end of the 80s . 
  wikipedia tells me its a french production . 
  i always thought it was a co-production of the german wdr and something french i cant recall . 
  i hate you for linking that ... 
  i wont get that out of my head for another 20 years now . 
  i have a feeling you didnt get the joke / u/jesterraiin neunschweinstein wouldnt be something we mistakenly say , schwan and schwein are a bit too different in pronounciation . 
  for young children on the other side it would be relativly normal to say neunschwanstein ( as 9th swanstone ) or neunschwantein ( which really means nothing ) . 
  german pronounciation can be a real dick . 
  he was way past his height, 
  wait , thats a bad thing , right ? 
  right ? 
  a german article speaks of a machine hall, 
  really want to know how many of the german and french casualties were in verdun edit : not in total numbers , but in comparison to the total losses, 
  ikr how do they get so freakin much snow ? 
  look up - maybe you can still see the joke flying over your head, 
  nethermind that made my day lol, 
  so that half the world thinks hitler was german is an insult to him ? 
  one year, 
  wont ever invade again - if [ this ] ( http://www.terhuurne.nl/ ) stays open, 
  you called me a retard and now you complain that i call you ignorant . 
  so yeah , i wont adress any of your points . 
  its not even worth the effort ( others in this thread are doing that way better than i could anyway ) . 
  your opinion is settled anyway . 
  because they can people in dortmund are even proud of it - because they can . 
  i always thought its ugly as hell , but im not a christmas person in the first place, 
  im not a socialist and you are just narrow minded . 
  the idea of socialism differs greatly from what communism ( and propaganda ) made out of it, 
  how brainwashed can one be ? 
   he wrote and published germany must perish !, 
  which called for the sterilization of the german people and the distribution of the german lands . 
  cant tell if its revenge or irony, 
  let germany be - but if austria wants bavaria , hell yeah !, 
   while most br\u00f6tchen are oval all hail the kaiserbr\u00f6tchen !, 
  there is a common saying about bild `` schiesserei in < ort  - bild sprach zuerst mit den toten '' `` shooting in < location  - bild was first to talk to the dead '' ( rough translation ) the event can vary but you get the idea behind it . 
  only natural causes tho , and only to an extend . 
  personally im against nuclear energy , but not because of the plants themself . 
  the technology itself is extremly save and pretty efficent compared to coal for example . 
  i see the problems in nuclear waste ( we already have a shitload of that and it will only get more ) which we still have no reliable way of dealing with . 
  and of course unforseen consequenses that might damage a plant . 
  same here - didnt even know where herzogenrath is exactly . 
  dublin should be ashamed !, 
  im assuming there arent any kind of ferries for trains ? 
  every time when i think i found every weird subreddit ... 
  i am proven wrong on so many levels . 
  ofc not - im wearing sweatpants and enjoying my currywurst and cheap beer . 
  fun fact : children in this area are told that there was an incident at the statue where a guy fell out of its nose to his death . 
  and only since then its not possible anymore to climb up into the head . 
  [ its all norway 's fault ] ( https://satwcomic.com/making-friends ), 
  wouldnt that mean cheaper alcohol for you guys ? 
  not so bad ^ ^ ^ ^ stereotyping ^ ^ ^ ^ much, 
  yeah that totally explains netherlands, 
  we havent the term polish is used here to determine where they were . 
  everybody here knows who built and administrated those damn camps . 
  its just way easier to call them polish deathcamps instead of german deathcamps in occupied poland to let viewers know which fucking camps they are talking about right now . 
  thanks - til i guess the raised right arm is more important here . 
  uhm you have a source for that ? 
  never heard about that salute . 
  in theory its the oppsite indeed . 
  can you name a country where corporations have no influence over politics ? 
  capitalism in a nutshell, 
  slim veeeeery slim a left coalition would be possible , but schulz ' spd and the linke wont work together in the near future . 
  both parties are too stubborn to take one or two steps in the other direction to form a stable government . 
  not gon na happen, 
  til also : * triggered * have my upvote :|, 
  ter huurne would go bankrupt, 
  the other 2/5 are immigrants so we are equal or what ? 
  our education sucks , cant into math, 
  its all fun and games until someone insults your schnitzel ... 
  in [ bill wurtz 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xucn8ux2gbs ) famous brief history video its the sidenote `` ops , half of europe just died '', 
  the stereotypical russian would probably beat the night-king with a vodka bottle, 
  we are more interested in holland, 
  be honest - we would gladly take that `` trade '' finally being able to legally call saxons and bavarians as foreigners ? 
  deal !, 
  you are aware that there are exceptions ? 
  there are people around the globe who hate him . 
  now what ? 
  as if dobrindt never knew this project would fail ... 
  the law passed and is just blocked the way everybody knew it would . 
  the eu will sack the exception for germans ( and rightfully so ) and guess what will happen then - everybody has to pay the toll . 
  austrians will be pissed dutch will be pissed italians will be pissed swiss will be pissed everybody from eastern europe will be pissed and the germans will be pissed and especially the germans will get angry at the eu . 
  now thats what i call politics, 
  probably right its the optmistic me that believes in a better future . 
  a truly united europe ( but given that it doesnt even works within most european countries its more a dream - a nice dream tho ), 
   we pay enough as it is , and there 's little appetite to pay even more . 
  beside the democratic argument , which is valid aswell , this might be the deciding factor .
