even worse that measures against that led western states close to bankruptcy our politics are really good at major fuck-ups, 
  our eastern brothers tried that - and their whole state collapsed ( \u256c \u0ca0\u76ca\u0ca0 ), 
  like we germans had still the courage for something like opposing the government : - /, 
   shooting is fun that statement alone ... 
  lets just say i dont think so . 
   they 're all perfectly honorable , prudent men whose most illegitimate use of a weapon would be blowing their brains out . 
  the question would be - who can guarantee that ? 
  but i really dont want to discuss the pros and cons of guns in households any further than this . 
   what ?!, 
  that 's not something i can believe without several confirmations . 
  every other night is an exaggeration i admit . 
  where i live i would say 20 maybe 25 times a year i can hear shots at night . 
  sometimes following by sirenes , sometimes not . 
  there are areas in western germany where you can hear shots every other night . 
  i dont feel unsafe by any means , but personally i dont see any point why civilians should own a gun . 
  maaaaan - this statistic adds just one more reason to move 50km west to join ya guys, 
  whatever - its just not worth discussing with someone whos just not rational, 
  by that logic we should make seatbelts optional again - cause you know everybody knows the risks of not using them . 
  of course im serious - how could i not ? 
  the longer you look into this special case the less value that building has . 
  ~ ~ who says they are even fully aware are risking they lifes ? ~ ~ ( edit : apparently i did ) they might be just curios about that old building . 
  and you are , again , generalizing way too much . 
  filling the grand canyon with sand ? 
  are you for real now ? 
  you are tunneling so hard into this matter that im starting to believe you are trolling this sub . 
  what makes you even think that the castle has to be preserved ? 
  because its beautifull - well my first car was a beauty aswell but guess what , i didnt had the money to keep driving it . 
  cant you understand or cant you accept that this is purely a economic decision ? 
  are you willing to put everything you have right now into saving that castle ? 
  im sure as hell not even if i think its a shame that it cant be saved . 
  and you should be that sure about the legal action either . 
  if it is possible to enter a buildung that is in danger of collapsing the owner will at the very least be partly responsible for it . 
  depending on national laws it ** might ** not even matter if trespassers surpassed for example some fences . 
  depending on the circumstances and the laws ( the country where it happens ) - yes it can be, 
  if you cant find someone who is willing and able to invest several milion $ into that building it would destroy itself of the next decades anyway . 
  are you just assuming that the current owner didnt try to find someone like that or is that a fact ? 
  and i dont believe that its a cultural gap to put an old castle over the lifes of people - no matter how stupid they might be . 
  if someone would die in there - in full knowledge of the risk - there would be legal action against the owner anyway . 
  was the eiffel tower in danger of collapsing ? 
  i think you are generalizing a bit too much here . 
  its a economic decision most likely - i wrote something [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5a2gl7/this_beautiful_castle_will_be_torn_off_by_the_end/d9da8zz/ ), 
  it is beautiful - but im sure that not a factor . 
  assuming its government property ( since you said its being torn down by the government ) i can totally see why its too expensive to just let it be . 
  you need someone to invest into renovation or do it yourself - which if way , way more than just demolishing it . 
  if you dont renovate you have to make sure nobody goes in there - because its not safe - the costs for the security needed will add up really quick and would be soon higher than demolishing it now . 
  its a shame for a beautiful building i agree on that , but imagine if someone dies in there exploring , or in lets say 20 years someone finds out the gigantic costs to guard a ruined castle ( which will be in a even worse state then , than it is now ) . 
  that would have been my first question - when was it build ? 
  its beautifull agreed on that , but there is nothing of historic value that needs to be preserved imo, 
  naturally - but i doubt that the church has enough political influence in germany ( pure speculation tho ) and from my personal experience the people are very tolerant regarding matters like this . 
  i would put it on politicians who are , for whatever reason , are afraid to lose votes through this . 
  it affects a lot of people ( and pets ) in their sleeping schedule causing stress and sleep deprivation . 
  it affects industry and public transport which costs a shitload of money . 
  and for pretty little gain, 
  i wouldnt put that on christians or the church - but on assholes that live in the past . 
  honestly its a shame , even a disgrace that we still lack a government that has the balls to finally do that last step for homosexuals ( for years i thought we already have it thanks to westerwelle 's fdp but nope ), 
  cooking not included i would say maybe 90 minutes in a week for me . 
  but who does that on a daily basis ? 
  and what is that guy doing ? 
  i think the dutch and french jokes is more of a regional thing , also probably the younger generations . 
  but i have to agree , jokes about poland and polish people are dying out . 
  thats like asking which fatal disease you would prefer, 
  the mixed up topics aside - steel from east asia doesnt match quality standarts in most cases . 
  everybody who needs steel that is a bit more than `` just steel '' , like stainless , corroion resistant or heat resistant will look for european products . 
  source : working for largest trading company for stainless steel in europe - and steel from china , india and taiwan sucks !, 
  you seriously believe that this wasnt planned exactly this way ? 
  it was clear from the start that it would collide with eu regulations . 
  so they made the law with the exception knowing that the eu would cash-in the exception - so everybody has to pay ( and making the eu look responsible for it ), 
  sounds wealthy as fuck - can we join ? 
  damn thats sad :(, 
  its a pretty controversial topic over here . 
  we are basically happy that wolves returned even to west germany , but the whining farmers ... a packleader probably got offended by all that and went to the netherlands to drown himself, 
  hey you take back that ugly !, 
  how do you even interpret that they should be ignored ? 
  for obvious reasons they dont have to live with that decision nearly as long as the young folk . 
  but they are part of the democratic process - nobody denies that or suggest something else . 
  he got a point - kinda, 
  [ you might have a point tho ] ( http://stevton.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/thinking.png ), 
  no they are not - they just suck a football :p, 
  nordics - where rotten fish is a thing  . , 
  * which * german bread ? 
  we reached a point where every grocery store has 5-10 freshly baked sorts of bread . 
  go into a bakery and you will sometimes count 20 sorts . 
  its the [ cheese ] ( http://www.marions-kochbuch.de/index-bilder/harzer-roller.jpg ) we truly suck at making . 
  # / #wurstundbrotland, 
  when the island monkeys leave the cage , gibraltar will be spanish again, 
  mostly the attitude of the people iirc but i remember him saying that the place was pretty shitty in general , like unenlightend . 
  sadly i dont know where his parents were from ( thats where they went for vacation ), 
  my reddit-personality really wants to say that i like [ seal-clubbing ] ( http://img13.deviantart.net/b14d/i/2012/012/f/5/seal_clubbing_by_ccc7ccc-d4m60ss.jpg ) but i would just feel guilty for that . 
  guess canada 's bratty little brother won once again :( cant love canada anymore without thinking about that . 
  i had a turk in my class when i was 15 . 
  born in germany , he spoke both languages fluent ( his german was way better tho - not even an accent ) . 
  he was on vacation with his parents in turkey around the time we left school . 
  when they came back he said he would never go there again . 
  you prejudice him based on the flair - are you seriously not getting how that is related to rasicm ? 
  netherlands and canada - like there was anything about you two that could anyone not like the both of you . 
   no , i said arguing with you based on your flair - ie the representation of how you identify yourself and therefore correlates to your opinions and feelings - is pointless . 
  plain and simple . 
  thats pretty much the essence of racism, 
  srsly doubt that this is solely / r/de doing, 
  she has ?
