  norway has n't really been involved in any wars this past century including ww2 which probably explains the lack of military pride in my opinion , the only other war that norway has lost people in is afghan which is only 10 casualties . 
  i do n't know how russians view theirs , but it 's just entertainment to us . 
  it 's something fun to do , take the kids to see the cool looking tanks and soldiers , see the planes flying by overhead . 
  it 's fun . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs61ej-uuek ) maybe it has something to do with the military being a big part of the culture in places like russia and greece and places like france who 've been a part of big conflicts . 
  i do n't think norway has really been in a big war and participated in them to the extent as say greece or russia . 
  were n't the nordic campaigns in ww2 small scale ? 
  and was n't the invasion rather peaceful since most norwegians welcomed the nazis ? 
  and you have n't really been involved in any conflicts since then . 
  so it 's not surprising there is n't a strong military culture in norway , finland for example has military parades most likely due to their beef with the soviets, 
  da do n't worry comrade , warhead is harmless to russian potato !, 
  lmao , they ar n't actually live warheads . 
  a lot of countries with nuclear weapons do this , india for example . 
  its a little bit weird . 
  but its not creepy or evil to me . 
  i think it would be something pretty bad-ass to see upclose . 
  the russian parades look like loads of fun , they put on a good show , with great marching music and armor and air displays . 
  i 'd attend, 
  we have military parades in greece , ( http://www.warhistoryonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/ohi-day-parade-october-28-2013-in-greece.jpg ) im honestly getting surprised at how many people are finding military parades surprising . 
  norway surly has a military parade of some kind ? 
  do norwegians view them as bad or something ? 
  they are fun thing to take the kids to , you get to see some cool tanks , airplanes , helicopters . 
  do n't see whats so bad about it . 
  military culture is pretty big in greece so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  greeks work the most hours of anyone in europe , you will most likely say well germans produce more thus work harder , which is completely false , this is because germany is driven by it 's manufacturing industry , making machines and tech will always pay off more , does n't nercelessly mean they are working harder though . 
  having worked at volkswagen in my youth ( this was a long time ago i do n't know how conditions are now ) i would argue germans do n't actually work as hard as they like to advertise . 
  i 'd take nice air conditioned fancy factories , with plenty of off time , and vacation , to slaving away , sweating for pennies in the hot sun of some shipdock . 
  weather or not two colors complement themselves is completely up to the individual . 
  personally i think red and green look awful next to each other . 
  i know technically in art terms green and red `` complement '' each other because they have strong contrast , but i was speaking of aesthetics . 
  i mean technically light purple and green are complementary colors yet they look awful together as well to a lot of people including me . 
  i personally think red and green is yuck , haha . 
  i like their old blue and white flag . 
  i think it complements the feel of the nation better as well , with it 's beautiful beaches and bright countryside . 
  the portuguese flag in my opinion would be more suited for a east asian country, 
  i mean it would be in the u.s 's interest , same reason they got involved in kosovo , more american friendly territory means more military bases to expand it 's sphere of influence , i think you underestimate just how small of a conflict america would poke itself into given the chance . 
  your nation has a very good track record getting involved in conflicts that seem to in no way benefit your nation . 
  yeah , germany scraped a lot of their inventory as i said greece is a pretty well equipped military . 
  i guess most people are on reddit are just idiots if they do n't think greece can make a good amount of difference . 
  also our airforce is pretty good too , it has been said we have some of the best pilots in europe . 
  of course . 
  but i was speaking more of an obligation to stay in the eu , support everything it does ect . 
  so wanting to continue to have healthy relations with a country that we have always had a healthy relationship with , means that i 'm welcoming greece to become a vassal state ? 
  why should we tarnish a good relationship ? 
  to make our eu overlords happy ? 
  doing everything the eu and america wants us to do , quite literally is the definition of a vassal state . 
  i do n't blame europe fully but to act they have not played a negative role in our development as a nation or our current economic situation is ignorance at best , i mostly blame the greek people though , apathy , ect i would love to see a more nationalistic greek citizen , a more educated , engaged greek populace . 
  i do a lot of charity work and do all i can to better my country , i also manage a maritime security company , and i pay my employees , more than i have too , i am not playing the victim . 
  im not really a victim of anything . 
  nor do i have many problems . 
  but my country does . 
  i just do n't think the eu is good for my country . 
  i do n't want to see my country be part of it any longer . 
  i want to see us become more independent , work more closely with russia and other merging economies like china , and india , even turkey . 
  before the junta we had a version like that . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/hellenic_kingdom_flag_1935.svg/585px-hellenic_kingdom_flag_1935.svg.png we also had : http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120501012509/althistory/images/0/05/800px-kingdom_of_greece_flag_ ( 1833-1862 ) _ svg.png, 
  i can care less . 
  i have my feelings he has his , i do n't feel greece owes the west anything , nor do i have any interest in greece joining any conflicts , as most greeks do . 
  and i hope to see greece leave the eu as well . 
  greece enjoys a very healthy relationship with russia , not just the government , but it 's people as well . 
  and i hope our relations get even better with them , and as well as with everyone else . 
  im highly involved in my country working with multiple charities and aid organizations for my fellow greeks , im trying my best to better my country , and i hope the leaders we elected now are as well . 
  and i hope they will work more closely with russia and other bric nations . 
  as i feel countries like germany/france and others exploit smaller nations , and in the end cause us more harm than good . 
  i hope to see greece maintain healthy relations with europe , i just do n't want my country to be part of their union any longer as i feel it does n't have the best interest of the greek people at heart /, 
  i mean i would , but sadly im not in charge of where the gdp goes , i did vote for a party that said it would cut military spending though . 
  also the civil war would not have happened without british invention . 
  communist countries did n't fair well ? 
  maybe under the soviet union but greece was n't backed by them . 
  they where backed by yugoslavia . 
  which actually did pretty well for itself . 
  you know how everyone in europe is all pissy about russia backing military militia ? 
  that 's exactly what england did in greece , yet it 's only bad when the ruskies do it . 
  should n't really expected anything more from a nation that famously went around the world , enslaving , butchering , and exploiting people most it 's history . 
  and helps america play the same game in the middle east, 
  by not feeding our poor . 
  the soviets occupied you . 
  most greeks on r/eourpe are very strong liberals , pro-eu , ect ( like most of reddit ) so they wo n't give you a good idea of the greek populace . 
  lets see . 
  according to pew-poll greeks oppose the eu meddling in greek affairs . 
  more than eight-in-ten greeks ( 86 % ) say the eu is intruding in their country 's business and two-thirds ( 67 % ) think it 's inefficient . 
  there 's little wonder , then , that 71 % of greeks oppose giving more decision-making power to the eu to deal with europe 's economic problems . 
  greeks see themselves differently than others see them . 
  contradictory stereotypes may complicate any resolution of the new greek crisis . 
  stereotyping in europe : how greeks see other eu countries and how eu countries see the greeks . 
  greeks see themselves as the most hardworking europeans , according to a 2012 pew research center survey . 
  the british , the germans , the spanish , the poles and the czechs all see the greeks as the least hardworking . 
  and the greeks see themselves as the most trustworthy of europeans , while the french , the germans and the czechs voice the view that greeks are the least trustworthy , according to a 2013 pew research center survey . 
  greeks feel abandoned by their eu partners . 
  an overwhelming majority of greeks ( 85 % ) say that the eu does not understand the needs of its citizens . 
  and 74 % judge as inadequate the financial assistance the eu has provided to member countries , such as greece , that are experiencing major financial problems . 
  and as you can see here only about 30 % of greeks are favorable towards the eu : http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2014/05/pg-2014-05-12-eu-0-03.png so yes i am speaking on behalf of greek citizens because most of us do n't like the eu . 
  while most of us like russia . 
  mmm , one of the largest tank fleet in europe . 
  largest merchant marine fleet in europe , accompanied by major ports giving good logistical control over the aegean and the red sea . 
  which would be imperative in a conflict with russia especially if it 's in the east . 
  not to mention airports a large and relatively powerful air-force with more than 600 aircraft , frigates , submarines , ect , ect . 
  yeah it would be a huge loss . 
  especially with a war with russia . 
  you underestimate greeks military strength , we may not be as powerful as say france , but we can put a pretty big dent in a military if we wanted to not to mention having greece on your side in this particular conflict would make things much easier,
