  mmm . . maybe it has something to do with the strong cultural and historical ties between russia and greece , disregarding recent economic strive , greece has always been friendly with russia , russia helped greece win it 's independence , russia helped us in ww1 and ww2 being the primary force against the nazi 's . 
  and even today russia and greece share a great political/social relationship , we work together on a multitude of different projects , and unlike the rest of europe , russians typically do n't belittle greeks meanwhile in contrast the west , your country in particular , mm ... winston churchill trying to restore our countries monarchy , funding and pushing our country into a civil war after ww2 , so instead of recovering we had a civil war that led to a massive braindrain and thousands of deaths ? 
  should i even get started on the rest of europe , i think i 'll save my breath yeah i 'll take my chances i do n't want any part in your wars . 
  i like russians , greeks like russians . 
  and russians like greeks . 
  we get along . 
  maybe if shit does indeed hit the fan , the united states can bail you out a third time , they are jolly good mates init , you brits have always been good at being american lap-dogs . 
  `` world-class military . '', 
  greece has a pretty strong military . 
  gl in the red sea and aegean without us, 
  greeks love russia , especially now as anti-eu sentiment is growing in greece . 
  a lot of greeks feel like the rest of the western world has n't been good friends to us . 
  ( which is true ) russia and greece have excellent political relationship , strengthened by strong cultural and historical ties . 
  i would say greek-russian relations are much better than any country in the eu . 
  i would n't be surprised if greece makes a geopolitical shift to russia and the rest of the bric nations , i doubt russia would ever annex greece , but i would n't be too surprised to see strong military and economic cooperation in the future , maybe a russian military base will even pop up somewhere in greece , who knows . 
  yeah no offense your flag is pretty ugly , the colors do n't complement each other, 
  adding a harp to the center of your current flag would be pretty sweet tbh or solid green with the gold harp https://www.ultimateflags.com/images/p/erin-go-bragh-ireland-flag.jpg, 
  the german democratic republic flag was pretty cool too . 
  the spanish one xd culo, 
  i worded my reply poorly i know there has been attacks on u.s soil . 
  but pearl harbor was a military base , the japanese did n't bomb run la. 
  if the japanese physically landed on us soil and massacred and raped a bunch of americans like they did in nanking . 
  throwing babies in the air to catch them with bayonets as they land down . 
  im not exactly sure you guys would just `` get over it '' especially if they where to deny it like they do with china . 
  im sure plenty of americans are still salty towards people like arab muslims after 9/11 . 
  and im pretty sure the fuel to the war on terror following that was very emotionally driven not `` just business '' . 
  americans can get over war because it 's not their families being killed at home , the serbian bombings might have been `` nothing '' for you . 
  but for the sons and daughters of the fathers and mothers killed during them , it 's not something easily for them to forgive nor forget . 
  war has always been something far away and distant from america . 
  it 's never been in your backyard . 
  even things like the war of 1812 where cextremely small conflicts that did n't really cut deep like ww1 , ww2 , european wars are on a different level than things like 1812 , they where more often than not accompanied by genocides , massacres , and millions of deaths . 
  after what germany did to europe in ww2 and the fact europe is pretty friendly with germany just goes to show we can get over things eventually too . 
  fair enough . 
  i think the reason america gets over `` grudges '' so quickly is because you guys have never actually had a war on your soil . 
  im sure if you guys where nuked by japan instead of vice versa than you would still be a little salty to them . 
  or if the serbs bombed new york for a couple of weeks you 'd be a little salty towards them still . 
  well the general public might not have a bias against serbia but what about your politicians ? 
   most people here ca n't point to albania or serbia on a map . 
  considering you are from america , that 's not saying much . . http://www.nbcnews.com/id/12591413/ns/us_news-education/t/young-americans-shaky-geographic-smarts/ one-third of respondents could n't pinpoint louisiana on a map and 48 percent were unable to locate mississippi . 
  fewer than three in 10 think it important to know the locations of countries in the news and just 14 percent believe speaking another language is a necessary skill . 
  two-thirds did n't know that the earthquake that killed 70,000 people in october 2005 occurred in pakistan . 
  six in 10 could not find iraq on a map of the middle east . 
  while the outsourcing of jobs to india has been a major u.s. business story , 47 percent could not find the indian subcontinent on a map of asia . 
  while israeli-palestinian strife has been in the news for the entire lives of the respondents , 75 percent were unable to locate israel on a map of the middle east . 
  nearly three-quarters incorrectly named english as the most widely spoken native language . 
  six in 10 did not know the border between north and south korea is the most heavily fortified in the world . 
  thirty percent thought the most heavily fortified border was between the united states and mexico . 
  i actually grew up in gaios before moving to chania, 
  monemvas\u00eda http://brainstormag.cz/upload/files/22/16671/16671432e78ec31c46aedc7dd00d614f.jpg http://www.aktinefeli.gr/images/monemvasia/monemvasia7.jpg, 
  they did n't do nothing wrong because last time i check bulgaria was helping them . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tripartite_pact greece always remembers you guys saved jews ? ... 
  in your own country maybe . 
  but in the territory you occupied in greece you sure did n't, 
  russia has always helped the greeks , do n't understand why he 's salty . 
  they helped us gain independence , helped us in ww1 and ww2 . 
  i hope greece makes a geopolitical shift to russia honestly . 
  all the west has done is harm to us . 
  why is it face-palming ? 
  why rome , since when does russia want italy ? 
  it would make sense if it said kiev or something but rome ? 
  ar n't far right parties in germany illegal , or neo-nazi parties ? 
  sorry , but you do n't know what a fascist is fascism \u2260 nazism . 
  fascism is a political system that brings together nationalism , mixed economy , single party , ect ect . 
  just because you 're a fascist does n't mean you 're a nazi , or support what the nazis did , greece was a fascist state in ww2 yet opposed the nazi 's . 
  greece did n't hate jews nor persecute them , as a matter of fact some even led their armies against the axis forces ( mordehai frizis ) also unlike the vcatholic church who kept quiet during the holocaust , the greek orthodox church saved thousands of jews . 
  greece was a fascist state , and many greeks where and considered themselves fascist nazi 's are nazi 's . 
  fascist are fascist . 
  fascist is probably the most misused word in history so yes my grandfather was a fascist , and i consider him a hero , and all the other greek fascist that gave their life 's defending greece from the nazis and italians http://en.academic.ru/pictures/enwiki/77/metaxas-regime-greek-fascism.png, 
  what are they buying , more teachers for cultural sensitivity training ? 
  lol i kid , i kid . 
  if you 're golden dawn and go to exarxhia you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  that place is filled with anarchists , so i doubt it was them . 
  you 're so right , and the `` liberal '' democracies of the time , with their colonies in far away lands exploiting the native populations , housing boers in concentration camps , segregating their black communities , forming lynch mobs to hunt blacks and hang them from trees , were beacons of human morality . 
  they are the true heroes . 
  my grandfather was a fascist in greece under the 4th of august regime he considered himself a fascist , i consider him a hero . 
  on his island he helped hide jews in the rural areas after the nazis conquered greece , and he also helped hide american/australian soldiers . 
  and also fought against the occupation throughout the war . 
  i consider my grandfather a hero , so i guess i 'm a fascist . 
  us greeks know this well . 
  other country - `` your country is poor our country has a higher gdp , blah blah blah '' greece - `` oh yeah well fuck you malaka !, 
  we gave you democracy and science and math * spit * '', 
  im holding you to this . 
  you better deliver if it does n't pass, 
  im guessing the referendum did n't pass there ? 
  hey now , i never said it was , i was just answering the question . 
  everybody in every ezone country should give one euro to greece . 
  and everything will be k. 
  wait ... norway has a right wing party in power . . ? 
  i - wow you just blew my mind , i thought you guys were liberal leftist paradise , lmao, 
  if they have a valid visa they would have to travel to australia legally and apply for refugee/asylum statues , if granted they get a protection visa if they do n't have a valid visa , i think they are detained until one is given to them , or they get deported . 
  detention is mandatory, 
  yes, 
  that 's not really unpopular . 
  i think everyone knows greece is correct , people just do n't really care , it 's a pretty stupid issue . 
  greek food is good for dieting ... 
  i feel as if some americans moved to europe we can make our main import a diet plan and solve our economic crisis and probably have the world largest gdp soon after . 
  could you imagine . 
  personally i 'd consider you bordering with sweden as well , i mean it 's just a bridge away, 
  that would be the day . 
  haha, 
  i think you took it out of context , i was n't saying something like `` pshhhh it 's just the west '',
