  i do n't make much , but it 's enough to feed me , and keep the roof over my head , i do n't have enough for fancy toys and gadgets , but i make due . 
  when i was in america i was miserable beyond belief , i felt like i lost my humanity , no offense , haha, 
  gave up the gyros for tacos ? 
  lmao i know , that was pretty hilarious, 
  it 's not a burka either it 's usually a niqab, 
  did someone say turkey ?!, 
  * grabs knife *, 
  i liked russia the best . 
  but grats sweden . 
  honestly was expecting it to be closer , that was a landslide in favor of `` yes '', 
  i lived in america while going to school in manhattan in my youth . 
  i stayed in a place called astoria in new york city , tons of greeks there . 
  not really since most those pagans just became catholic and took their already existing traditions to their new faith, 
  this is why i make tutorial, 
  do n't forget to flick your wrist, 
  you 're crazy . 
  we 'll see this weekend what happens, 
  fifa 2018 world cup to be hosted by greece , using aid money from germany, 
  i make tutorial a while ago on how to be greek friend , please enjoy . 
  we did invent it after all . 
  is n't ihsanoglu a far-right nationalist ? 
  it would be useless , noway that 's passing in greece . 
  y-you can always take greek names , and join greece . 
  as an eastern european myself , ( greece ) i can tell you most people from here would vote no . 
  even if they were n't religious . 
  i hate anti fascist `` demonstrations ' they usually just turn into rioting mobs . 
  i 've been to izmir , despite it 's dark and bloody history between our people it 's a beautiful place , with very nice people . 
  i hope the best for it 's inhabitants, 
  my friends in dublin , he said he only saw old people voting, 
  im not from ireland my friend just texted me . 
  he also said the polling station he 's at he talked around a lot of people he talked to where voting `` no '' and he just had a few `` yes '', 
  thats true , whats the voting age , 18 ? 
  my friend was at a polling station , he said he was like the only under 30 there, 
  i just texted my friend who lives in ireland , he said everyone at the polling station was `` older '' . 
  and he was like the only under 30 there . 
  idk know if youve been to a polling station yet , if so whats it look like ? 
  he also a really hard boss to beat in ffx . 
  maybe next olympic we 'll all boo japan for it 's government and peoples actions in ww2 since even to this day the japanese government has not apologized for their actions , nor acknowledges the copious amount of war crimes committed by imperial japan . 
  agreed last thing i want to do is support a german in anything . 
  i 've heard people call it gypsy toast before . 
  thank you , 
  i know americans call strained yogurt , greek yogurt , ironically was a term made up by a turk business man ( guess he just liked greece better than turkey ) . 
  we do n't call our yogurt `` greek yogurt '' just yogurt or strained yogurt . 
  nor was it invented in greece . 
  it 's popular here , but it 's made and popular in a number of different countries including armenia , turkey , ect . 
  zombie gays, 
  different names , same kebab . 
  damn , thats messed up . 
  we fire 5 minutes ago ... so , you know , he is of former military comrade, 
  aegean union ? 
  we 'll probably just end up killing each other though over what to call the gyro/doner or who has better looking women, 
  well of course he looked turkish . 
  he was a turk after-all . 
  but still , the the blonde hair , blue eyes , so he had to have a good amount of european in him , also he had a very wide forehead , and his cheekbones looked more slav than turkic , you can see the turk in his eye shape , nose , jawline though , one things for sure , he looked like a classy badass . 
  haha http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3118/2925373180_6865d45582_o.jpg, 
  us military bases are like mcdonalds , they are everywhere . 
  ataturk had pale skin , blue eyes and blonde hair , wide forehead , he has a very slavic ( east european ) look to him . 
  probably got it from his mother , who looks pretty east european but that 's besides the point , i studied anthropology in uni so i just jump to things like this , your hunch while irrelevant is probably correct xd russia actually has a pretty good amount of turkic minority like tartars , and to the east and south of the ural mountains , uzbeks , yakuts , chuvash , gagauz , you name it . 
  if it 's turk russia probably has it . 
  idk he does n't look very asian , he looks like a `` turk '' you 'd find in western anatolia who really is n't that `` turkic '' and has a bunch of european ( greek , slavic , ect ) blood . 
  in them . 
  hes from tolyatti , which is pretty close to kazakhstan so maybe he does have some turkic in him , but like turks in western turkey they mixed a bunch and now he looks more like a slav . 
  just like ataturk, 
  idc as long as greece gets more land . 
  wait , does italy not want the south anymore ? 
  because we 'll take it . 
  it 's ours anyway , italians are just occupying it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_graecia plus i hear southern italians are very genetically related to greeks , and they are lazy . 
  they 'd fit right in . 
  hell no , maybe one day when the eu actually gets it 's shit together , and reforms, 
  so are you denying india has a rape problem ? 
  also i did n't just mean to link the map , that was my mistake , i meant to link the artical with it . 
  worry not europeans greece shall create way to make energy from ouzo and goat , thus shooting greece into economic powerhouse and better than germany , and providing europe clean energy, 
  no my comment is not racist anybody is capable of rape if their culture is stupid enough . 
  i work in maritime security , ( guarding merchant ships from pirates going through the arabian sea and gulf of eden ) so we work with a lot of indian ships , i have a girl who trains the crew what to do if there was an attack , how to secure the ship ect , get safe , ect . 
  so it 's not even an on-board position , but whenever we work with indians she always complains about how pervy they get , one of my guys who speaks hindi and assamese or someshit even said he heard them talking about wanting to `` rape the white bitch '' right in front of her , ( she cant speak hindu ) i do n't know how true it is but it would n't surprise me . 
  they also love to take pictures of her . 
  it 's important to keep in mind india is a large place , that kind of rape thing is n't present in a lot of areas . 
  but since india 's culture is kinda wack and they still have a sense of the whole `` cast system '' thing , they leave a large percentage of their population improvised , with horrible schools and teachers , which probably leads to stuff like this, 
  uhm . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was him just going out and playing a little bit for fun . 
  no different than when obama throws some hoops at a basketball game . 
  also seeing the footage putin plays pretty good . 
  for a 60 + year old man of course . 
  well he 's 61 ... so ... 
  i saw a vice news thing on uganda , it was the weirdest thing , this lady was interviewing these guys and they where saying that homosexuality is wrong and a sin . 
  then they turned around and said if they found a lesbian they would rape her . 
  to make her straight . 
  pretty sure god does n't appreciate rape either . 
  it made no sense . 
  these are not rifle comrade but potato , harmless potato, 
  most europeans know more than one language , it 's not that big of a deal to us , unlike americans we are actually cultured people . 
  * troll face *, 
  is it true your government bans certain websites about atheism and stuff ? 
  i hear so, 
  never heard of solidarity i guess ... 
  same reason greek/serbian/russian flags are always popping up at each others rallies and events, 
  good assumption , i just do n't like the eu . 
  i never have , even before our crisis .
