  this is because you are of caucasian , from mixing . 
  but this does not make you of europe , because you are still mostly of asian . 
  persians are caucasian and many have blonde hair , yet they are still asian . 
  turkey is not of europe . 
  kebab can not in europe . 
  is it me or is every single video from russia , at any point in history even today , just depressing as hell . 
  it 's all dark and gloomy , it looks like a dystopia, 
  turkey misses having europe clay , now they try so hard to convince us they are of europe . 
  and no thrace does n't count , you 're still asian . 
  well the orthodox church is n't a organized international criminal organization for starters, 
  * cries * everyone hates me . 
  good ol' roman catholic church, 
  they still have north ireland . 
  i apologize :(, 
  great news !, 
  we should put body worn cameras on politicians, 
  im joking relax, 
  commie alert, 
  someone who had earth flare , talks about the struggle against capitalism , i think we found the globalist pinko commie scum, 
  you 're gon na have to take a ferry from dublin to holyhead , then you can take a car to dover and take the ferry over to calais , then drive down to rome . 
  or you can take trains and buses . 
  you still have to take the ferry to holyhead there is a eurostar passenger train from holyhead to london , then goes through the channel tunnel to paris , then straight to rome . 
  so take a ferry from dublin to holyhead , from holyhead board the eurostar , you 'll go to london , then paris , then you 'll be in rome . 
  if you get to paris and do n't want to take a train there are buses that go striaght there as well . 
  you 're correct , fascism is the most mis-used word in history, 
  interesting , sweden is more `` happy '' than greece , yet has more suicides ? 
  same with france ... * shrug * i honestly find `` happiness '' polls stupid , anybody can be completely depressed or happy every other day . 
  if i got polled today i would say i was very happy , but 2 months ago i would have probably said i was shit . 
  why are some countries like greece not chopped up into different regions ? 
  comrade , i must say russia , the most progressive nation in the world has been ahead of times for a while now , with the gender neutral term `` comrade '', 
  can we just move europe to the middle of the pacific so nobody bothers us . 
  tell me about it . . lmao, 
  to some this is a nightmare . 
  they should get much more help . 
  this is good news . 
  immigrants, 
  no , this is my home , i stay here year round , except when i work for two months . 
  the rest of the year , i 'll fish or work at my families cafe for money . 
  yes , it 's called the mosque of the janissaries also firkas fortress where i live next to, 
  i live in old town chania , we get a lot of tourists , some nights i leave me window open and get woken up by some brit yelling some incoherent drunken english . 
  magaluf , and ibiza , two beautiful islands destroyed by dumb drunks , happens in greece too . 
  '' ... what is this ... 
  mama !!, 
  mama !!!, 
  come here mama !!!, 
  a greek invented something important , again like the ancient times , it 's happening we mean something again !! '', 
  well he was a slave owner . 
  would n't exactly call him the goat on the concept of freedom, 
  trust me , i know greeks , it wo n't happen . 
  we would legalize goat marriages before gay marriages . 
  sweden is like a social justice parody . 
  it 's like if tumblr ran a nation, 
  no it is n't . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about national chauvinism is hatred and disrespect for other groups . 
  nationalism is not . 
  and it is an umbrella term . 
  nationalism takes many different forms . 
  it 's not inherently negative , get over it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chauvinism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_chauvinism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriotism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jingoism nationalism 's dictionary definition as a noun is . 
  patriotic feeling , principles , or efforts . 
  http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/nationalism you 're conflating nationalistic chauvinistic , imperialist , and militarization ideologies present in nazi germany , japan , ect with nationalism as a whole , which is wrong , and ignorant to do . 
  patriotism is part of nationalism , nationalism is a umbrella term , it 's not inherently bad ' and nowhere did i say nationalism is synonymous with patriotism, 
  that 's not really nationalism , that 's conservatism . 
  what you 're really trying to say is you 're against conservatism . 
  mainly religious conservatism, 
  what you are referring to is not nationalism , but chauvinism which is a belief in some kind of superiority ( think nazi germany , ) nationalism can come in many forms , but it can still be used as a force for good , the world would look very , very , very , dim if it was n't for nationalism, 
  sure . 
  the space race was driven by nationalism . 
  revolutions of 1848 , pretty much every major independence movement was driven by nationalism . 
  such as the french revolution , the american revolution , the battle of new orleans , my own countries war of independence . 
  whenever you see a country in despair , you 'll always see that national pride come to pick them back up . 
  you are drawing a line between culture and nationalism , while the two effect each other , nationalism does n't always mean conservatism , as a matter of fact nationalist movements have been a driving force of change in many places in the world . 
  like india , asia , europe , nationalism at the end of the day means loving your country and wanting to better it , not for self gain but for the good of your people . 
  my country can use more nationalists , a nationalist if worth much more to a nation than some individualistic , globalist type . 
  no it 's not , nationalism is a integral part to any nation , nationalism can create more engaged , caring , and hard working citizens . 
  a citizen who loves their country is a citizen who is more willing to contribute to it . 
  honestly if your country was tricked by a bunch of greeks your people are stupid . 
  nationalism can be very healthy though , if driven out of love for your own people and not hatred for others , i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  you said nationalistic was a reason you do n't like him , is n't it a good thing for your leader to like his own country ? 
  lmao . 
  yeah , but it 'll never happen . 
  so im just guessing he 's not exactly a strong advocate for gay rights . 
  why no nationalism ? 
  not familiar with polish politicians , whats wrong with andrzej duda ? 
  agreed our leaders sold us out to international bankers and the eu . 
  i believe greece will leave , not only the euro , but the eu as well , followed by italy , spain , england , ect . 
  i think it is , i hope it is . 
  greeks legalizing gay marriage ? 
  thata be the day . 
  no my friend , like i say , this is western fascist lie . 
  in russia there are family values , and good school . 
  comrade you tell western lie . 
  there is no gay in russia . 
  i lived in america for a while to study , to be honest your culture is insane to me , at least manhattan , and new york was . 
  americas a big place , i only been to new york , nj , chicago , and everyone felt empty , nobody seemed to know how to have a good time , people walked around with the '' -_- '' face , everyone seemed very isolated from each other . 
  nobody felt honest or humble , i did n't like it at all . 
  greece is a poor country , very poor , and we 've been poor for a long time , growing up i never even had electricity at night and had to do my homework with a candlelight , but when you are poor you learn to live a simple life , and enjoy what you have . 
  enjoy the beauty of our country , the sun on our skins , the cool breeze from the ocean , you spend time with your friends drinking wine and playing bouzouki singing folk songs , you tend to your garden , and take `` naps '' with your wife . 
  you do what work you have to , i work in maritime security 2 months a year . 
  january and march , and the rest of the year , i fish for however much i need .
