  this question is for europeans . 
  so i feel its alright to exclude turkey , since they are not european , and the only claim they have to europe is having 3 % of it 's country on it , while most of your country and population is disproportionately in asia . 
  that being said you do have historical ties to europe , and your food tastes good , but it does n't make you a `` european '' i do n't know why this offends you most turks would n't call themselves `` europeans '' but turkish/turkic, 
  good question . 
  but you are n't asking the right question . 
  the question you should be asking is where do irish people originate from ? 
  europe . 
  as you said there are more irish in the us than in ireland , so just because irish people now have migrated to america , does this make them native americans ? 
  ethnically european means being part of an ethnic group , native to europe , turks are ethnically asian as they originated from asia, 
  and there are more germans in the united states than cherokee indians , yet it does n't make germans native americans , turks are n't ethnically european , they are asian . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_peoples only 3 % of turkey is in europe . 
  i know turks want to be european so bad , but the fact is , you are n't european , ethnically , culturally , or politically . 
  simple solution : https://youtu.be/6cjx4gjfme0?t=72, 
  expect thessaloniki being completely gone, 
  because only 3 percent of turkey is actually geographically in europe . 
  not to mention turks are turkic , they ar n't even ethnically european and are n't a european people . 
  while albania is 100 % in europe . 
  and they are actually ethnically european, 
  why is it that every video i see of `` aslyium seekers '' being rsecured it 's all men . 
  and barely any women, 
  excluding turkey is reasonable though . 
  albania not so much, 
  have to admit , i laughed . 
  pretty sure nazism was n't muslim either, 
  nah there is a healthy amount of racism here . 
  we just sugarcoat it with jokes , and `` sarcasm '', 
  i do n't know about the winter war , but the continuation war definitely was, 
  i agree . 
  97 % of it 's country is in the middle east , it is not european . 
  you can make all the arguments about thrace being in europe ect , but the fact is , it 's a middle eastern country , and that 's just speaking geologically , when we get into politics , culture , ethnic demographics it is even more apparent just how non european it is . 
  it 's middle eastern/asian, 
  turkey is n't european , they are middle eastern http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_east, 
  i meant in terms of land , not people, 
  im not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  im not blaming anyone for anything , im simply stating the reason greece has this level of obesity is due to adopting a more western life style and diet , and abandoning traditional greek lifestyle , and diet . 
  this was never a problem when i was growing up , eating fish and healthy foods , now there are mcdonalds and supermarkets everywhere . 
  that sell western food, 
  westernization is in part to blame for obesity , in any country . 
  not just greece , greeks have moved away from the traditional greek diet to a more western diet . 
  high fat foods , refined grains , a lot of dairy , processed meats , ect . 
  that is what the western diet is . 
  the greek diet used to consist of things like fish , greens , vegetables , some meat , like lamb , and ect . 
  as we , as well as many other countries adopted a more `` western lifestyle '' that diet changed . 
  yeah , it 's a pretty good sized country , about the same size as ireland i think . 
  the problem is , is that the only place people can really live is near the coast , the `` inside '' of the country is pretty uninhabitable , lava fields , sand , cold ect . 
  so the population stays pretty low . 
  it 's the westernization , this is why i still eat only traditionally greek . 
  i agree , but you and a homosexual person are both treated as equal in practice . 
  the law does not exclude homosexuals from marriage . 
  regardless if you are heterosexual or homosexual the restriction to not marry someone of the same gender applies to both of you , thus being equal . 
  before i answer i have to know if you consider races to be inherently different in anyway ? 
  and the other one can easily be said to be based on age discrimination , or some type of westermarck effect norm . 
  the fact is gays have equal rights . 
  the law applies to all people regardless of their sexuality , they ar n't being denied any right that someone else is n't . 
  why is it wrong ? 
  both are restrictions that apply to everybody, 
  could you marry your friends boyfriend ? 
  could your friend marry your girlfriend ? 
  yes . 
  you have equal rights . 
  the same restriction applies to both of you , regardless of your sexuality , if you walked into a marriage court wanting to marry another man and the restrictions said you could n't they wont recognize your marriage just because you 're straight, 
  who said anything about pedophilic marriage , i was saying if a 14 and another 14 year old wanted to marry they could n't . 
  also what 's inherently wrong about incestuous marriage ? 
  i know you 'll say sexual incestuous relations can lead to disabilities in their offspring , but what if they could n't produce offspring , what if they are gay ? 
  what 's keeping them from having sex anyway ? 
  wether they are married or not wont stop them from having sex , will it ? 
  world cup without uefa would be pretty pointless anyway, 
  fuck off kebab , you wannabee european / sarcasm, 
  i support gay marriage but technically they do have the same civil rights as everybody else , the same regulation exist for everyone regardless of gender , age , sex , ect . 
  hitler is probably turning in his grave, 
  i know right , as if it was some type of secret or something . 
  scandinavians are barbarians , barbarians means not greek, 
  i never encountered that , i have green eyes , and pretty light skin , i did once have a norwegian guy tell me because i am tall ( 6,5 ft ) that , that was proof that ancient greeks had nordic blood , because i would n't get tall genes anywhere else . 
  barbarians , am i right ? 
  you can joke about us being poor , you can joke about us being lazy , loud , ect . 
  but the second you joke about our history , shit hits the fan , thats the line you do n't cross for a greek . 
  okay fine they were scandinavian despite all physical historical evidence going against that, 
  til greeks were scandinavians ? 
  lol . 
  so basically just anglo whites ? 
  and nordic people ? 
  yeah gib money !!, 
  sweden has men still ? 
  could n't notice . 
  sad to see decedents of the vikings turn into such spineless sjw 's / s, 
  they had around 20 % of the votes for the president and i think 25 % for the european parliament with 24 seats, 
  so , anyone who dies is automatically murdered by putin now ? 
  looks like a shit hotel honestly, 
  yes . 
  i live in crete now , we use flowers too , but i know many people who use plates still as well . 
  they ar n't real plates though , they are plaster plates that are specifically made for plate throwing , they are safer and cheaper . 
  yes we do actually idk what kind of greek you are , but every wedding i have ever been to had copious plate smashing , not that many people do it any more cause its expensive but a lot of people still do . 
  my last birthday party when we where dancing everyone else was throwing plates at us . ', 
  also some festivals has plate smashing, 
  i have a siesta everyday , but im in greece , i usually take a 1-2 hour nap a day, 
  i think he 's trolling . 
  yeah it does , while cathloic church fucks up on the international scale , at least the orthodox church is nice enough to do it on a local scale . 
  i did n't see the '' / s '' for some reason , i apologize, 
  why would they downvote this , i do n't understand, 
  til people actually live in greenland,
