  if you live in a sparsely populated area , or are just unlucky , you might be waiting a long time for police to show up . 
  china and india each have a bit more higher population than africa . 
  they were never really on par with the other western nations , even though they wanted to be , and convinced themselves they were . 
  they tried to look like it while they racked up all this debt . 
  i bet i could make people think i 'm wealthy too , for awhile , by going deep into debt to buy a fancy car and super expensive gadgets . 
  but it 's all an illusion . 
  there is no perfect media piece that will make everyone happy or reach them equally . 
  go into the sistine chapel and you will find art for christians who were getting pumped about all the classical work they realized they were sitting on the whole time . 
  read a magazine on hockey and it 's probably geared to a mostly male audience in countries that get colder in the winter . 
  maroon 5 has a target audience of slightly angsty young people with bad taste in music . 
  art works best when it speaks to an audience , but first the artist has to know their audience . 
  media that tries to speak to everyone , to include everyone , usually ends up speaking to nobody at all and gives this feeling of being a forgettable bland mass-produced consumerist distraction , because that 's what it is . 
  once in a great while a brilliant creator somewhere will make a masterpiece so deep and meaningful that it becomes timeless and enduring for the way it speaks to all of us at a fundamental level . 
  but talent like that is truly rare , and most game studios really are n't trying to ( nor should they ) make something that will be learned about by students in class 100 years from now . 
  and you ca n't force that kind of level of artistry either . 
  this is a case of one group saying that another group should not have art catering to them . 
  and i think that 's reprehensible . 
  if a game studio designer has an ideal vision of the female beauty , how is that any less an artistic vision than that of male youthful vigor and beauty in michelangelo 's david , or a marriage of the elements of divine love and sensual love into a single piece , such as botticelli 's birth of venus ? 
  plato argued that physical beauty could help man understand divine beauty as well . 
  i 'm not sure whether i agree or not , but i do n't think it is my place , or anyone else 's , to tell an artist what they can and can not do with their work . 
  if we as a society are willing to let george lucas put jar jar binks into star wars , we should n't be pushing or pulling game designers either . 
  and ultimately , if most current games do n't appeal to women , that sounds like a lucrative market to take over , and lucrative markets do n't need government help to survive . 
  so if you believe women are n't a target audience of enough video games , why not make your own ? 
  make a game that speaks to them , and it will sell out in this untapped market . 
  perhaps we 'll read about neo24 's transformative video game someday , too . 
  but i probably would n't play it myself . 
  like kate chopin 's * the awakening * , some media that is designed to strike a chord with women is n't necessarily resonate with me personally . 
  kate had the right of it , though . 
  she picked an audience , understood it , and made art for it . 
  woah buddy , careful with that hurtful speech . 
  not sure what / u/jackalripper did to deserve such unprovoked harassment . 
  the election is n't actually until november , i think he can spare a little time . 
  technically this is still primary season , but he 's already won his . 
  i would have guessed french onion soup , or as they like to call it , american onion . 
  i think you are supposed to dip them in soup . 
  source : ate lunch at au bon pain this week . 
  wait , you say speech is dangerous because it allows people to pass ideas , and then you say it is n't about disagreement . 
  which is it ? 
  should speech laws target more than just meanspirited comments , and actually restrict political ideologies ? 
  because then it is in fact about disagreement after all . 
  it sounds to me like you are worried that the people you disagree with are simply winning their arguments , and that the only way for your side to win is to silence them . 
  and i simply am floored by your line on the constitution . 
  `` the constitution must defend itself from people and parties who do express , share and try to spread unconstitutional sentiments . '', 
  how can you possibly say this ? 
  unless your constitution is perfect this very second , and will remain perfect forever , no matter how the world changes , how is anyone able to improve on it , when your idea of protecting the constitution is silencing its critics with the government 's force ? 
  they managed to get there once already . 
  the second time should be even easier . 
  you are n't considered unemployed unless you are actively seeking work . 
  i agree . 
  but international companies have to comply with the laws of every country that they operate in . 
  there was a post just today about twitter and other platforms increasing censorship ( mainly targeting so-called `` hate speech '' ) in response to european pressure . 
  to be honest , lately i almost wish fewer american web companies offered services abroad , because it always seems to end up affecting american users adversely . 
  you can call yourself whatever you like . 
  north korea calls itself the `` democratic people 's republic of korea '' . 
  for the oil , no doubt . 
  i do n't know for sure , but it looks like we pretty much already did get away with it . 
  it seems that the current prevailing practice is to say `` i 'm not against the right , i 'm the far right '' and then call anyone who is right `` far right '' . 
  not necessarily true either . 
  sure , no country has absolute speech , just as no right is ever absolutely protected or restricted in a practical sense . 
  even in the us , there are sequences of words you can utter that can get you arrested ( clear and imminent threats of violence , for instance ) , and even in the democratic people 's republic of korea , you are free to say how very much you love and adore the great leader . 
  the important question is where the important lines are in deciding how `` free '' speech in a country should be . 
  i consider the most important line to be largely based on freedom to be a political dissenter , which is what freedom of speech in the states was mainly designed to protect . 
  the question is : can you publicize your own political views , or criticize leadership figures , whether domestic or foreign , without a chilling fear of legal reprisal ? 
  the fact is that if i were in the uk ( or accept a post-doc at a max planck institute like my advisor is pushing for ) , i can not safely say that this condition is met , whereas in the states , i can . 
  they really can only actually charge you if they can prove that you knew what you are saying is false at the time you said it . 
  the bar is even higher if it 's about a public figure , as they have additionally prove `` actual malice '' in addition to proving that thing about knowing that what you were saying was untrue . 
  it 's pretty hard to prove a person knew what they were saying was false and prove that they said it with the intention of causing harm ; that difficulty is a feature , not a bug . 
  we live in a real world , and none of the abstract rights we cherish , whether life , property , or liberty , can ever be perfectly granted in practice , because taken to their logical extremes , they run afoul of each other . 
  but i think that some level of examination can tell us whether that right is really protected in the ways we consider it to be important or not . 
  there is no reason that you should accept that vladimir putin should be able to stop a book that describes how he made himself and his friends obscenely rich by nationalizing risk and privatizing profits in the aftermath of the soviet union 's dissolution ; or accept that every copy of a book be destroyed ( at least in britain , where they can enforce their ruling ) that exposes the financial links between saudi aristocracy and terrorist organizations ; or accept that a famous satirist in germany can face legal punishments from a self-styled despot in turkey . 
  these examples should set off alarms , that maybe your laws on speech are restricting useful discussion and important viewpoints , which is the sort `` free speech '' that really should be protected . 
  it is a bit depressing , at least to me . 
  [ here 's a 2014 story of a professor who studied vladimir putin , and the rather critical academic book that emerged will not be published by the uk press . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/2014/12/13/370612995/how-putins-kleptocracy-made-his-friends-rich ) if your defamation laws are such that experts in a field can not publish books that are critical , even with hundreds or thousands of sources backing them up , without fear of reprisal , then your defamation laws are n't really just about defamation anymore . 
  they are a tool that the elite use to protect themselves and their abuses from everyone else at that point . 
  in the past , foreign wealthy and elite used to use the weak standards for libel in the uk to circumvent us speech protections and attack anyone who criticize them ( cutely called `` libel tourism '' ) . 
  i say in the past , because several years ago , a successful academic researcher , rachel ehrenfield ph.d. , wrote a fairly high-level book about the financial networks terrorism is funded with . 
  the wealthy saudis mentioned in the book sued through the uk court system , of course ( the book was clearly not defamatory by us defamation standards ) despite the book being authored , published , and marketed in the us . 
  the uk courts ruled against ehrenfield , and the new york instantly followed by passing a law preventing the enforcement of uk libel suits in the state ; obama signed a federal version shortly thereafter in 2010 . 
  even then , the uk is better than many , as they also at least treat libel as a civil matter rather than criminal as of recently . 
  america is by no means perfect , but as someone who thinks that the most important defense we have against tyranny is the ability to criticize leaders , as someone who wants to support my fellow researchers across fields and their academic freedom , and as someone who can not stand the idea of foreign powers attacking citizens to ensure their popularity abroad , i do n't understand how you can be in favor of laws that so frequently lend themselves to such abuse by the powerful against academics , artists , and ordinary citizens . 
  yes , we do . 
  there are two major differences , though . 
  the u.s. laws are much more plaintiff-friendly , and you have to prove a lot of things to successfully sue , mainly that the plaintiff knew what they said was wrong , and tried to maliciously mislead people to believe it anyways . 
  the case against boehmermann would have gone nowhere , because it 's obviously satirical . 
  the other key difference ( although a handful eu countries are the same in this respect ) is that defamation suites are civil ( and confined to demonstrated damages ) rather than criminal . 
  until recently ( when the us stopped enforcing uk libel suits ) , people would take advantage of the uk 's weaker protections to sue american publishers in order to silence journalists , documentary-writers , and the like . 
  [ here 's a book that one political science professor who studied vladimir putin wrote , and could not be published in the uk ] ( http://www.npr.org/2014/12/13/370612995/how-putins-kleptocracy-made-his-friends-rich ) . 
  if academic experts ca n't criticize leaders for real grievances in books with thousands of footnotes citing examples , your defamation laws are definitely overbroad . 
  yeah , the `` still being a crime to insult people '' is the depressing bit . 
  that 's even more depressing , to be honest , as at least the foreign head of state law is supposedly on track to be repealed . 
  i recall a large number of people saying merkel did the right thing when she let this proceed , because they `` knew '' that the courts would throw it out . 
  comments such as : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4e73mo/the_turkish_government_has_now_officially/d1xpcoh https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4e73mo/the_turkish_government_has_now_officially/d1xpxpc https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4g0z1s/merkel_admits_mistake_in_b%c3%b6hmermann_satire_case/d2e27r4 welp , here we are . 
  i agree , but tea is pretty awful as well . 
  i am much more willing to trust an alliance where members can respectfully , or even disrespectfully , disagree , and still have enough perspective to put aside internal squabbling when faced with existential military threats . 
  i do n't think there is a way to kick a member out of nato involuntarily , but if it somehow happened to turkey over such trivial matters , my opinion on staying in nato would be completely changed . 
  will people trust nato if members are removed from what is military alliance for political reasons ? 
  but is that a bad thing ? 
  systems that rely on democratic principles ultimately depend on a foundation of civic engagement by members of the public . 
  i 'm over in the us , but was really impressed by the way the protesters handled themselves , and how they managed to keep it about the single issue and not become partisan politics .
