not just europe . 
  i do n't think it would restrict speech . 
  here 's my proposal : make departments justify their existence , or they lose access to all federal grants , etc , and require all students to sign a clearly-worded waiver if they are to enroll anyways , stating that this department failed its most recent assessment that measures academic merit . 
  it would be a warning label of sorts . 
  a department must demonstrate its positive contributions and outcomes to a bipartisan committee , and if they can not get support , then they can not access funds until substantial changes are made and they reapply . 
  departments that place more people at starbucks than not , departments whose `` research '' is political diatribe and dogma , etc. 
  should not be carried by taxpayer money . 
  alternatively , just make political affiliation ( which is according to some research partially hereditary anyways ) a protected class . 
  schools and departments that have huge imbalances compared to the population would have to fix it , or face discrimination lawsuits . 
  the kkk still exists , quite legally . 
  they had a rally near where i grew up several years ago , and were even afforded police protection for their march . 
  they do n't incite violence so much these days , at least publicly . 
  as vile as their beliefs are , the us does not throw people in jail for their opinions or the expression thereof , thankfully . 
  would it be gaxit or exgate ? 
  well , i hope you learned a valuable lesson about how giving someone something nice does n't mean they have to give anything back . 
  as a young ( ish ) person i disagree . 
  i do n't want either of those things , especially the free college , they will balloon my future tax burden for far less return than having a military that can ensure that we and our smaller allies can be safe from aggression . 
  people in our generation have these delusions that no other previous generation of americans entertained these ideas at all . 
  by the way , many countries , including america , have tried isolationism . 
  it just never works out , as much as i wish it could , the 2nd and 3rd most powerful military powers will gleefully run things in our absence . 
  at least all three viable presidential candidates remaining for president recognize that much . 
  actually , the large reproduction rate difference exists in both , and is nearly the same . 
  pew did a piece in 2011 on this , which avoids the confounding factor of the recent surge in refugees . 
  [ this chart ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2012/07/mdii-graphics-webready-90.png ) ( found in the section on fertility ) highlights the differences in fertility rates of muslims and non-muslims by country . 
  as you can see , french muslims and swedish muslims both have a 0.8 higher birthrate than non-muslims . 
  that might not seem like much , but remember the growth rate for a population is an ** exponential ** function of fertility rate f minus 2 ( really , the replacement level is more like 2.05 to 2.1 , but let 's keep it simpler , and the * relative * growth rates of the population is independent of this constant ) . 
  so a population 's size change over some time can be estimated as : p ' = p * e ^ c ( f-2 ) t then the muslim populations which tend to be significantly greater than 2 have a positive exponential growth , while the non-muslim population is shrinking in an exponential decay . 
  of course , c in this equation is a function of average age of childbirth . 
  if muslims average childbirth at a younger age , this makes the difference even greater still . 
  lastly , i will point out that pew predicts the difference in the exponential term to shrink around 40 % by 2025-2030 , which is something worth discussing , perhaps this indicates eventually the gap will close like you say . 
  but i would caution against using these actual numbers when discussing this idea , since it relies on arguments of integration over generations , and this study was conducted in 2011 using data from 2005-2010 , well before the huge surge in refugees that we 've seen since the arab spring began , which is rapidly changing the situation of these populations in europe . 
  source : http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/future-of-the-global-muslim-population-regional-europe/, 
  yeah . 
  might want to put some pants on btw . 
  that has not happened in france . 
  can you kindly elaborate why sweden will distinguish itself from france ? 
  huh ? 
  250 square meters ( ~ 2,700 square feet ) is pretty much the average size for newly-built houses right now . 
  including older houses ( which are smaller on average ) , the average is still over 200 m ^ 2 , and ~ 25 % of houses built over the last decade are even over 280 m ^ 2 ( 3000 square feet ) . 
  fewer than half are 250 m ^ 2 , but it 's a large minority that are ( and growing ) , so i do n't think the word `` few '' is fair . 
  that 's depressing if true . 
  it 's been several years since high school ( oh god , i 'm getting older ) , and we definitely learned how to count calories , it was a required project . 
  it was apparent just how unhealthy the everyday food around us is , and eating habits are hard to break . 
  east asian cuisine just uses healthier ingredients and cooking styles , but i do n't think it 's so much a concerted effort on the part of the government as just the kind of cuisine that they 've traditionally eaten there . 
  that sounds great and all , but a lot of american schools have mandatory health education as well , to little avail it seems . 
  i 'd probably attribute it more to the local cuisine than anything . 
  yeah , most of those were in ireland . 
  that was n't solved by plugging fingers into ears and wishing it would go away . 
  well , if you do n't deal with them , apparently they murder scores of innocent people just enjoying their everyday lives in public places a few times a year . 
  can you live with this sort of attack becoming common occurrence like it has in other places that failed to deal with them at the start ? 
  maine lobster is pretty delicious . 
  the us actually specifically lists public trials as a fundamental right , separate from free speech . 
  this is very deliberate , and designed to prevent star chamber kinds of attacks where the judicial system is used as a weapon . 
  this is n't really a byproduct of free speech , it 's its own thing . 
  prolly the only refugees they could find ? 
  well , it would be guys , not guy , and the article that op listed mentioned nothing about their origins , and it still made it to the frontpage . 
  as much trash talk as there is on reddit , europe and america have too many shared values and interests to want anything but each other to be prosperous . 
  of course they are trying to destabilize the eu . 
  they have been trying to destabilize the west for decades now . 
  putin has every incentive to keep the combat as prolonged as possible in syria , because it destabilizes the west with a flood of refugees ( that 's probably worth more to russia than his alliance with assad ever was ) . 
  he has every incentive to keep pumping refugees into europe from their own borders as well . 
  i 'm not really sure what the eu can do to stop him at this point though . 
  oh , pray tell , what method should a women who is far less physically strong or fast than a man use to defend herself from an attack then ? 
  do you know what else is n't harmless ? 
  rapists . 
  how do you propose women protect themselves against assailants who are physically stronger if you ban everytool of self-defense ? 
  or perhaps you do n't want them to defend themselves at all . 
  two weeks after an absolute travesty they finally say they are willing to `` discuss '' these problems ? 
  i like people to talk about problems * before * they become crises . 
  people were saying this was a looming catastrophe for years , but these people buried all manner of problems under the rug to keep their political correctness intact . 
  the fact that they feel that statement is wanted or helpful in this situation tells me they have n't really learned anything other than that their poll numbers have tanked . 
  worried ? 
  is n't it obvious that 's what they are doing ? 
  they get to go from the bottom rung on the isis ladder to the leader of their very own personal cell . 
  come to america . 
  it 's not too late here . 
  my advisor was really pushing for me to get a postdoc at a max planck institute , but i wo n't anymore ; it wo n't be safe in germany for my so . 
  it makes me very sad . 
  in most cases you ca n't deport them . 
  how does a situation like this even get fixed ? 
   must there first be death before we can say it is just as bad ? 
  there would have to be many hundreds of deaths for it to be just as bad , because if one is shooting up theaters and raping women , and the other is n't , that first one is really just worse . 
  the reason mlk was successful is that he was pushing for integration . 
  his vision was to have people living peacefully side-by-side in the same communities in , more or less , a single unified culture . 
  until that vision of assimilation is adopted by your `` migrants '' , that can not happen here . 
  you can come to america , and help us stop our leftists before it 's too late here . 
  should be dr. merkel at any rate . 
  i agree , it 's been bad for as far back as it goes , as far as i can tell . 
  but it 's not like there are n't good questions that could be asked if we had better people in the field . 
  i mean , in theory they are . 
  in practice the field has been overloaded so much with political ideology that it is well past the point of credibility . 
  but that 's just it . 
  if you have at least one y chromosome , you are male . 
  if you have no y chromosome , you will be female , biologically . 
  having no x of course means you wo n't get very far in life , so y is the sex-determinant chromosome . 
  i would n't argue that it 's correct to call them different sexes when some rare and often sterilizing event like this happens . 
  i 'd rather have a middle class existence and a sense of security than lots of money and this kind of trauma . 
  this is exactly the kind of moral hazard that pops up when you start trying to declare positive rights . 
  ah , so the solution is to simply reduce welfare then . 
  a lot of that has nothing to do with the sort of assistance that is generally intended to be implied with this statistic , however .
