  many red states have lower incomes but also lower costs of living . 
  if you are trying to live on $ 40k in ca , it 's gon na be rough . 
  if you are trying to live on $ 40k in al , you can afford a house for yourself , and at least be comfortable . 
  the reason this is important here is that the federal income tax is progressive . 
  this means that people with the same standard of living in ny or ca pay quite a lot more federal income tax than they would in al or ms. because the bracket is highly progressive , this relationship is actually very superlinear . 
  if federal taxes began to factor in cost of living variance , this would change the story significantly . 
  blame the irs for this , not the gop . 
  many large federal facilities are set up in the more sparsely populated red states . 
  alaska , which is pretty high on the list , is there because of the vast national park system set up there . 
  new mexico has some very large doe research labs . 
  the south is riddled with major military bases . 
  while some blue states have such facilities as well , their relative impact on the state is much smaller , because the state is simply so populous . 
  the per capita impact of large federal facilities is naturally greater in states with lower populations . 
  this is n't an act of charity , though , these and others are placed in their locations because of geographic reasons . 
  these are facilities that the government felt it needed , and they had to go somewhere , and open areas with low property prices seem ideal if you need to buy a lot of real estate up and have room leftover for thousands of employees to live . 
  to me , it 's not just that safety factor . 
  if i took a trip to nice now , i would no doubt be safe . 
  but walking around the promenade , i would n't help but recall the recent attack , how scores of people were killed senselessly where i walk , and that would make me very sad . 
  and i do n't want to go on vacation to be sad . 
  that 's one fad i 'm glad never took off here . 
  i 'm so sorry to hear it has come to that . 
  sounds like nobody warned her to keep men an arm 's length away . 
  you 've made a compelling case for the elimination of minimum wage . 
  this does n't mean we want to welcome a black market for labor with a class of people who have little hope for economic advancement to fill that gap in the meantime . 
  gdp is just a number , and like any single number , it is incapable of telling the full story of a system . 
  i could start two llc 's , each with a laptop and a python script that transfers one high-velocity dollar back and forth between the two firms as fast as the electronics allow for `` services rendered '' , and wow , look at that gdp . 
  more goes into how healthy and sustainable an economy is than just how big it is . 
  that is a fair point regarding stanford , who did do a good job assembling the early tech industry in ca . 
  you know , agriculture , construction , fast food , gardening , hotel service , and so on all exist outside of california too , right ? 
  the midwest ( not counting the chicago area ) is covered in farms despite having quite low illegal immigrant populations . 
  and there are still hotels , fast food joints , gardens , and construction in these places too . 
  you do n't need to funnel in illegal immigrants to make these industries work . 
  people will do these things , because they have to be done , companies just wo n't be able to take advantage of a human trafficking problem to keep employee wages depressed . 
  sure , the supply-demand curve will shift , but society does n't fall apart without this permanent economic underclass you seem to want . 
  it absolutely would happen . 
  reputable universities offer extremely generous financial aid , and hardly anyone pays the sticker price for college , at least at good schools . 
  my own undergraduate school ( a well-known private university ) had a nominal tuition rate of $ 50k per year , but reduced that by about $ 25k per year as `` need-based '' financial assistance given to me , even though my parents had an income of around $ 160k/year at the time . 
  since i graduated , the school has only gotten more generous , and is on track to eliminate student debt entirely , instead charging about as much as a family can afford . 
  state schools also offer generous aid to students who stay in the state of their residence ; i had a full-ride offer from the state university i applied to as backup just for meeting some minimum gpa and sat score targets . 
  they also offer financial-need based aid as well . 
  the real question is ability to get into such a school . 
  if you are a qualified student who took studies seriously , these doors will open up for you , but your vietnamese example is put at a disadvantage as a result of affirmative action , where students ' ethnicities are considered during college application reviews . 
  that has little to do with the fact that there are immigrants there and everything to do with the fact that rich tech companies want to set up shop in a place where they can have nice pacific-coast beachfront property and weather , since they produce small digital goods that do n't depend require access to specific natural resources or transportation hubs the way most historic industries have . 
  whoa slow down there jim crow , saying that gets you marked with a big scarlet r around here . 
  this should clue you in that the blm movement does n't do it 's homework . 
  there was a recent study out of harvard university that found that statistically , blacks were no more likely than whites to be shot by police in the us either , when controlling for contextual variables . 
  they 've been barking up the wrong tree here too . 
  i 've heard they 're a bit of a problem in toronto . 
  i 've found that these kinds of people find requests for things like `` evidence '' , `` proof '' , or `` reasoning '' to be racist and actionable offenses , and will go out of their way to wreck your day/life if you confront them over it . 
  good luck if the movement becomes popular there . 
  i 've not had one , but unpaid internships basically have to have a clear education value equivalent to the money they are n't paying . 
  failure to provide mentoring and educational experiences means that you can sue the company for the wages you should have been paid . 
  but that 's the whole point . 
  living in undeveloped countries means abject poverty . 
  those factory jobs at dollars a day are in many cases the best economic opportunity these people have ever seen in their lives . 
  it 's not a lot of money , but it 's not none either , which is what they had before . 
  and sweatshop labor is an actual preliminary step in developing a country . 
  you can not go from nothing to something without making use of your only competitive advantage from being undeveloped . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  foreign aid promotes dependence , and actually kills development because when we provide goods and services , we drive the locals who provided them before out of business . 
  no foreign company will set up an advanced manufacturing facility there ; the infrastructure can not handle it , and the locals wo n't be educated enough to actually work in it anyways . 
  and if you tried to make the cheap goods with wages comparable to western numbers , well , then nobody would either , because you could get better results by just setting up the shop in the west . 
  the economic consensus on `` sweatshop '' labor being a necessary early step to a nation developing is pretty clear , it 's just one of those less than pleasant truths you need to accept . 
  the general idea is that you rat out your siblings to avoid being tortured . 
  two bad years . 
  this chart does not include 2016 , which has been very bad as far as these things go . 
  you make good points , and there 's nothing i disagree with . 
  being killed while you are having fun by some violent dirtbag is just a much more anger-raising kind of death than something mundane like illness or accidents . 
  the real problem with tourism is that there are lots of attractive alternatives , so it 's an easy industry to hurt locally . 
  maybe france and germany really are still very safe , but iceland is also nice , and japan has all sorts of historic stuff to check out and is safe too , and i could take a cruise , or i could go to ... basically , if you had perfectly safe cigarettes , and then terrorists slipped a few ( it does n't have to be a million , it could just be a few hundred ) explosive cigarettes into just one brand of cigarettes , i suspect that while smoking might go down some , but that one brand is going to be absolutely crushed , and other brands might actually see a net benefit from people changing brands . 
  after all , when you are making a decision between several attractive options , it all does boil down to marginal differences . 
  it 's also a matter of avoidability , not just media coverage . 
  as an american who grew up near chicago ( and worse gary indiana ) , the difference in danger as a function of location is huge . 
  i lived within walking distance of gary ( which was the murder capital of the us in the 1990 's , and is still very dangerous even today , though gary is n't number 1 any more ) , but most years were free from any killings at all within my town . 
  i found the data for 12 recent years , and estimate an annual murder rate of ~ 0.75 / 100,000 ( 2 murders in a 24,000 population town over the 12 year window ) , putting it below even the western european average values . 
  over the same time window ( 2002-2014 ) , gary averages a murder rate of about 55 / 100,000 , so walking a couple miles changes the local murder rate by nearly two orders of magnitude . 
  it 's like going from the safety level in finland to that of venezuela by taking a jog , which just seems crazy to me , but that 's how it is in america . 
  i guess my point is that in the us , there are very specific places that we expect murder to happen , and as long as you are not in them , you are really as safe as anywhere . 
  terrorism is shocking because it happens anywhere , actually , usually targeting happy and safe-seeming areas . 
  i ca n't see myself being killed in gary because i avoid going near it like the plague ( and there 's really no reason to go there ) , so it 's not a likely scenario . 
  i could see myself going to a music show at a place like the bataclan , or going to a festival in a place like nice to see how bastille day is celebrated in person . 
  certainly travel to europe involves trips to airports . 
  so despite the overall high murder rate , in the us , you do n't really worry about it in most places , as it 's just a few bad parts that drag the average way up , and places that are busy and happy are generally worry-free . 
  having a terrorism problem is scary because those happy-seeming places are actually a magnet for this kind of violence , so you ca n't feel safe . 
  not being able to avoid it , that 's the terrifying part . 
  we already had that , the second match started in 1812 and ended with another us victory ( mostly ) . 
  we are n't part of the commonwealth , but our economy is much more recovered than much of the rest of the world , and i ca n't see us abandoning one of our strongest and most historic allies . 
  it wo n't be a bailout , but because the uk is viewed favorably here , it would be a bad political move to do anything but agree to stronger ties . 
   and the eu is probably going to make your situation as painful as possible , to prevent them to leave . 
  look at all that solidarity . 
  while i agree with a problem , 13 million is only about 10x as many as europe absorbed in 2014 +2015 . 
  i do n't know if there 's an overall figure that 's accurate . 
  and all told , if forced to choose , i 'd take the 13 million illegal immigrants from mexico over what europe just swallowed . 
  it 's a fair point . 
  the free speech law difference is another example of how americans ( including myself ) really love individualism . 
  guns are part of that frontier thing , too , though . 
  unlike the uk , where most of the large predatory animals have been wiped out , the us still has lots of big dangerous crieatures . 
  my parents moved to florida a few years ago , and have run across alligators , big scary venomous snakes , a coyote since they got there . 
  and they live in a pretty big city ( granted , the residential areas of jacksonville are more like a giant suburb ) . 
  the protecting yourself from criminals is a thing too , of course .
