  cheers . 
  when you spent 40 years demonizing yourselves , your culture and your ethnicity and trying to destroy both your national defense and masculinity because war and testosterone are toxic . 
  this is the culmination of decades of constant , unrelenting propaganda and witch hunts against everything `` right wing '' . 
  defending yourself is racist , being masculine is toxic , not following the right political ideology is a faux pas . 
  all of that combined with the general laziness and moral myopia that comes after years of prosperity and lack of hardships . 
  years of `` it wo n't happen to us '' because you 're not used to it happening to you . 
  well , here it is . 
  it is happening because importing the third world also imports their problems and you can not defend yourselves from them because you have demonized your white-cells and castrated yourselves as nations . 
  ` course they will . 
  we 're always 10 years behind and the liberals will win because the new generation will want to get on the same politically correct high the west has been until it started fucking them over . 
  there 's no real `` right '' government in eastern europe , or at least in romania . 
  in here , they 're all thieves . 
  not to diminish your point , but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_speech_zone though sweden 's still pretty awful at it . 
  balkan threads are always a blast . 
  i find it kind of sketchy that the west is now concerning itself with what poland is doing after , as far as i hear , every government until now has done exactly the same thing , especially the one backed by germany . 
  europe do this , europe do that , why europe must do this , europe must do that , this is happening and europe must accept it . 
  getting tired of this shit . 
  romanians in transylvania faced the same . 
  hungarians reacted violently to people even asking for basic rights and vetoed any kind of reform or right by the hapsburg government . 
  if you did n't convert to catholicism and take a hungarian name , you were n't allowed in cities , were n't freedom of worship , were n't allowed anything . 
  everyone else feels the same . 
  croats , romanians , serbs , slovaks , all sided with the assburgers and all got shafted when they gave greater power to the hungarians . 
  no , there 's no fucking saucy passages in the new testament where jesus says you should go conquer , should treat infidels like enemies , should beat your wife to keep her in her place and where he 's bragging about being a warlord . 
  probably because islam has fun stuff like `` the sword of islam '' or passages about mohammed saying muslims should conquer constantinople , the religious center of christianity . 
  probably because hillary is being investigated by the cia and is apparently also taking part of fucking satanic rituals . 
  i find it hard to swallow that the increase in reported sex crimes is just coincidental with the increase of migrators from non-european countries but alright , let 's play that game . 
  this post better be ironic . 
  in here , it only happens between gypsies . 
  normal people ca n't even concieve doing such a thing . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nin6ciw1ws maybe this is rap in muslim countries . 
  did n't it fall because latins refused to help them anymore ? 
  and like only a few mercenaries turned up and catholic countries did n't answer the pope 's call for a crusade because they were too busy either fighting eachother or fighting themselves . 
  yeah , and ngos chimped out when we tried to stop that . 
  nothing but gumdrops and ice cream in the rest of europe , eh ? 
  what duty ? 
  why is it a duty for anyone to accept migrants ? 
  made my cockatiel go apeshit and woke up my entire household . 
  yeah , i felt it . 
  `` the romanian nation does not belong to a single ethnic group . '', 
  except it does . 
  contrary to what you might think , everything from the revolutions , the union of the two principalities and to the union with transylvania was to create a land for all ethnic romanians . 
  even the name , which might sound iffy , does not come from `` romanian land '' . 
  it has evolved from `` rom\u00e2nie '' , which means `` romanianship '' or `` lands inhabited by ethnic romanians '' . 
  syrian school institutions were a joke before the war even started . 
  this `` educated refugees '' meme needs to die and get buried already because if any middle east and north african country had any kind of passable quality or credidentials , they would n't be coming to countries like romania of all places to get a degree . 
  same . 
  i need cashiers to remind me we 're not using millions and thousands anymore . 
  it feels like yesterday when we had michael the brave coins , too . 
  nah , it 's just easy for the average redneck to learn spanish and italian . 
  or easy to learn just enough words to do their jobs as truck drivers or masons . 
  you can start paying taxes and abandoning caravans , too , and not bitch at ngo 's every time we say that maybe you should get jobs that qualify you as citizens of the country . 
  mighty talk coming from behind your monitor , dipshit . 
  i find it hilarious that whenever there 's a thread about kosovo , albanians come out of the woodwork and blame serbs for everything . 
  talk shit , get hit . 
  kosovo is n't a nation , and sticking your fingers in your ears and going lalalala is n't going to help anything . 
  i always find it hilarious when someone with a swedish flag posts something pro-albanians . 
  truth is somewhere in the middle-ish . 
  the most likely theory is that the romanian people formed in modern day oltenia , banat , apuseni mountains and eastern serbia and migrated east-ward either due slavic migrations or aggression . 
  it 's also been pointed out that the fact that we also use hungarian words for basic things such as `` city '' , `` border '' , `` people '' , `` serf '' and `` suffering '' means that a significant part of our ethnogenesis happened during the magyar occupation of pannonia and transylvania , and that if we migrated north-wards in the traditional date of 1200 's , we would 've had these words already from bulgarians , serbs or albanians . 
  or maybe we can push the date a bit more and go all the way to the partition and the targowica confederation . 
  glossing over the `` slavic countries like romania '' comment , it 's probably because we 've had nothing but conflicts with them since the 19th century , all of which they started . 
  who gives a shit . 
  they 're protecting their interests because they can . 
  i wish we could , too . 
  i begrudge them for everything they 've done to us but i do n't begrudge them for this because i 'm not an idealistic idiot who thinks life is or should be fair . 
  maybe people can have a nuanced opinion . 
  being a romanian , i resent every incarnation of russia and their leadership , but ukraine is a failed state and crimea was never theirs . 
  retarded borders drawn by communists should not have any weight in the modern world , and since i feel that bukovina and bugeac belongs to us , it 'd be hypocritical of me to say that crimea does n't belong to russia . 
  i get it , but it 's not making me laugh . 
  maybe not everything is about or related to your lil ' liberation . 
  tito . 
  or maybe a culture where stealing from ghadzi ( non-gypsies ) is considered a good thing is unfit for integration . 
  lmaoing at this thread, 
  one million people crossing into europe , for starters . 
  it 's not that they had more say , it 's that they had less say when they were n't ruling themselves . 
  under ottoman law , a christian was underprivileged compared to a muslim . 
  under the hapsburg empire , hungarians and germans and szekelys had more rights than croatians , serbs and romanians . 
  do n't you realize that crime that goes unpunished by the police tends to piss people the fuck off . 
  not exactly sure what you mean . 
  do you mean that borders , sovereignity and ethnically defined nations and borders did n't exist then ? 
  because those concepts are things that greeks philosophers were talking about in the 6th century bc . 
  or do you mean big empires coming around and shuffling up the ethnic compositions through massacres , deportations , colonization and resettling , because everywhere else it happened it had the same effect on people as it did in the balkans . 
  the ottoman empire took away sovereignity from people and things started to get messy . 
  we all did . 
  cried even harder when i realized i was born in fsn 's romania . 
  i 'm perfectly okay with it . 
  i 'd cry too if i landed in romania instead of the land of milk and germoney . 
  man , those gymnasiums next to general schools that they put them in must be horrifying . 
  i guess i did n't see it in the pictures because they were covered by all the women and children . 
  you can be a refugee who wants best job opportunities , but you stop being a refugee once you abandon a safe zone to get there . 
  you start being an economic migrant . 
  islam operates on a different level . 
  what stopped your country from not participating like we did ? 
  do you think this is funny, 
  this is n't a fuck up . 
  it 's the equivalent of calling in a bomb threat and `` polish death camps '' combined . 
  because muslims have done absolutely nothing recently to warrant such reactions . 
  the romanian government gives them more rights than to ethnic romanians . 
  they have free scholarships in universities , they get social benefits , the crooked officials illegally sell them historical propriety from the transylvanian saxons that were deported or from the gentry that was culled during communism . 
  in parts of transylvania and banat , the gypsy mafia is law and it 's almost entirely because the government officials are in cahoots with them .
