voting for a government that did n't cause and wo n't continue causing the problem will be a good start . 
  asians seem to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome, 
  we have simple existence of crime , but i could 've never imagined this kind of stuff happening anywhere outside of movies or third world countries and especially not here . 
  we even have gang `` warfare '' between gypsy clans , but at their worst they only kill one or two of themselves using bladed weapons ( usually katanas or yatagans ) . 
  how would you feel if a romanian wrote a book about an irish king , called him english and made the whole world think he was an asshole, 
  the concept of nation exists since tacitus , and the concept of fighting for your homeland exists since plato . 
  what the fuck is `` hate '' and how do you fight it, 
  yeah , should 've said collective western european government . 
  yeah it 's unethical to uphold one group of people to the same standards as everyone else . 
  cutting their benefits , forcing them to work , making them accept the laws of the sovereign state and propriety and not giving them preferential treatment in hospitals and schools would be oppressing and discriminatory . 
  `` if you disagree with me you 're literally hitler . '', 
  no , it 's perfectly in character with their culture because that 's what they 've been fucking doing since we liberated them . 
  they do n't want to go to school . 
  they do n't want to do honest work . 
  they go to france , germany , sweden and finland to beg , then come back to romania to build shitty mansions/villas in the countryside . 
  they literally have begging rings , and they purposely mutilate their children and elders to garner more pity . 
  this is n't some crackpot tinfoil shit , this is the god damn fucking reality . 
  and abandoned saxon villages used to be the houses of the transylvanian saxons who were deported/sold to germany by ceausescu . 
  gypsies currently have free scholarships in unis , start at the grade of 2 instead of 1 in schools just for being gypsies ( which means that if they get a 9 in a test it rounds to 10 ) , school is mandatory for every person in the country and you can be fined for being `` racist '' against them , up to the president . 
  so , what do you define as humane when we treat them better than we treat ourselves ? 
  the fact that we hate them for refusing to integrate , refusing to educate , stealing , begging and defacing propriety ? 
  do you think the government has some kind of bias against them ? 
  because officials love to bribe them for votes . 
  in transylvania , they have gotten their hands on abandoned saxon villages because the local officials let them in exchange for favors and bribes . 
  they 're currently squatting in 12th-13th century houses , stuff that could bring us a shitton of cash in tourism , yet we ca n't root them out because we 'd be accused of racism . 
  so what the fuck should we do ? 
  wash their feet and kiss them goodnight ? 
  seriously , fuck off . 
  they can already go there . 
  they do n't even need romanian ids , they can just claim asylum and no one will stop them . 
  entering schengen is an entirely economic affair and the only thing you can be afraid of is having your stores flooded with eugenii . 
  we stop wasting money on border checks for our heavy goods vehicles . 
  ow the edge . 
  were n't several of them proved to be refugees ? 
  what the fuck does `` provoked '' by police presence even mean ? 
  what is this shit ? 
  why is your government allowing this to happen ? 
  let me guess , another brave act of self-determination from the secular and feminist , freedom fighting pkk . 
  how is trump a maniac, 
  tiny israel had british and american support ( nukes ) and their enemy had ( and still has ) outdated equipment and awful training . 
  and then fell violently . 
  we also use codru , also from latin . 
  how is trump an idiot ? 
  probably for the same reason whites get arrested for saying denying the holocaust on twitter . 
  not sure how you expect to be taken seriously when you call someone `` literally fascists '' . 
  we 're not americans here . 
  i 'd die for my country . 
  not for the government , any government , but for my nation , my people and my language . 
  i owe it to my ancestors who survived and powered through so many invasions and shitstorms . 
  in the age of the internet , being this naive and clueless should be considered illegal . 
  -20 degrees last night . 
  water bottle i left in the balcony to remain cool was frozen solid when i woke up . 
  send help . 
  pretty sure it was ruled by the austrian emperor anyway . 
  the problem is that europe fought back and tried to survive . 
  now it actively welcomes its ' doom and attacks anyone who opposes it . 
  battle of mohacs . 
  they actually did bother to bomb railways to the death camps . 
  railways that brought food to the inmates and staff alike . 
  `` oh but they were already starving them to death . '', 
  is your response . 
  is my answer , considering that hitler did n't even want to kill the jews , just like netanyahu said . 
  go after their descendants . 
  it 's really funny to me how anally ravaged people get about trump . 
  am i seriously the only person who thinks he 's just a talking head like every single fucking us politician ? 
  this is getting a bit creepy , and all i can think about is something an american that may or may not have been crazy said : `` something is happening in the media . 
  we 've literally never heard any news about poland until now . 
  and they have n't started doing it now to inform the public , they 're doing it as a warning signal to eachother because there 's now a government that does n't bow to western propaganda . '', 
  make of that what you will . 
  it 's certainly sketchy that they 're going far and above to slander the government of a country that was , like it or not , irrelevant and they did n't do it when the government that aligned with their views did the same . 
  we also call wales \u021aara galilor - the gaelic country, 
  is n't she the one who started crying because sweden had to implement border control ? 
  cause swedes voted for her . 
  a self-made disaster . 
   hang in there probably not the best choice of words , heh . 
  life 's been a bit shit lately . 
  my health is failing and i do n't have enough money to treat myself because i 've already spent everything i had to save my leg after a car accident ( got hit by one ) , save my mom after she got staphylococcus aureus and to enter uni for the third time ( which i 'm currently failing again ) . 
  my job 's barely cutting it and i ca n't get a better one because no degree . 
  and then there 's the general happenings in the rest of europe , and everything something happens it feels like i 'm getting punched in the gut . 
  it all seems like a nightmare that you ca n't wake up from , and it 's even worse when you realize that the nightmare has just begun . 
  i 've been unfortunate enough to be born during communism and now that stuff has started to get better , the rest of europe starts going to hell . 
  and my biggest fear is that these problems will be imported here as well , sooner or later . 
  i 'm not sure how long i can go on . 
  right now i 'm slowly killing myself with alcohol but i 'm tempted to take a more drastic measure every day . 
  not really sure what 'll keep me going after my mother will die . 
  s'yeah , fun . 
  i chose not to dignify that comment with an actual answer because it was positively retarded , but i 'm up for debate if you want . 
  it was n't a specific culprit , it was a general view of the things . 
  in fact , if you paid attention , i did n't point at exactly one thing , but at a whole set of problems that created the whole situation . 
  and do n't fucking pretend that `` the left '' is n't the one that shat the bed . 
  i can sum up everything wrong with it with one little quote said by a german official ( forgot who , but i remember he was of import ) : racism on the internet is just as bad as women being violated . 
  this is the retarded mentality and moral myopia that i 'm talking about , instilled in part by the nonstop prosperity that the west had and in part by the political ideologies that are in line with most european left wingers . 
  do n't i also sound like hitler ? 
  how about pol pot , kim jong il , stalin , ted bundy and so on . 
  i sound like literally the worst things on the planet and the stuff that you are politically against . 
  because i speak the unfortunate truth i am a mass murderer , a beheader , a religious fanatic fundamnetalist right wing tax dodging sheep fucking holocaust denier sewage waste , literally the worst of the worst . 
  thanks a bunch , man . 
  due to your comment i realized everything that i said is wrong . 
  you saved my life , dude . 
  i can now live my life not raping , not killing , not destroying historical sites , not kidnapping journalists and not bombing buildings like i 've been doing up until you commented .
