  it 's been a pretty good deterrent so far in countries that are n't america . 
  he paid three hungarians to act like romanian gun smugglers . 
  one was called attila lmao . 
  do you have a single fact to back that up ? 
  i dunno , why would anyone be upset about a stigma that you and your people have done absolutely nothing to deserve it . 
  yeah , moaning about british media fucking lying to worsen our already shitty reputation . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  there 's also an element of kosovo 's split being illegal by international law and it being less of a country and more of a nato/american base in the balkans . 
  and marching into the dead of winter in the north to get to winterfell , where the snow has reached the top of the walls , instead of burning his daughter at the first sign of cold . 
  yeah , stannis burning his daughter was kind of weird considering that in the books he made one of his knights promise to put her on the throne if he dies . 
  i think that it became bad after season 4 . 
  i wash hoping that brienne teleporting in the vale to fight sandor was the worst they could do , but then everything else happened . 
  why, 
  i guess you forgot the fun little events that happened this year . 
  what 's sensible to you ? 
  i did n't know the vatican taught mexican cartels to decapitate people . 
  what an unexpected turn of events . 
  why the fuck is there even a black lives matter movement in britain ? 
  `` it 's 2016 , come on ! '', 
  do n't bother replying to me again . 
  no , i 'm upset my people leave westward to do degrading jobs because it stinks to them here , instead of doing something about it like i am . 
  i 'm upset that they flee like rats instead of working to make a better future for their children in their home here . 
  i 'm upset that shits like you think it 's an acceptable behavior for countries to lose their doctors , engineers and lifeblood because apparently living and working here is `` wasting their lives '' and i 'm upset that your response to this post will be to call me an ideologue because you 're mentally incapable to think about what you post . 
  `` dude carpe diem lmao '' . 
  i can see that you do n't live in a country that got hit by brain drain . 
  either that , or you 're a dumb millennial . 
  here 's a newsflash : just because you fell for the globalism propaganda , some of us did n't , and it pains us to see our brightest and our strongest go elsewhere and make another nation great instead of the people who birthed them and groomed them . 
  it 'd be an even bigger problem . 
  places do n't magically fix themselves if there 's no border between germany and greece , it 'll just make movement easier for people who want to fuck off . 
  if you ignore it , it 'll go away , huh . 
  i 'm not convinced because i 've never heard a compelling argument , or any argument , other than that we `` must '' and that `` we have to '' . 
  not really . 
  you can progress towards a cliff . 
  swedes or `` swedes '' ? 
   multiculturalism = / = accepting sexual violence not sure how you can say that with a straight face considering what 's been happening in the past few years . 
  i guess i must 've missed all those wars people fought to have secular governments . 
  putting kids to wear skirts to not mess with a couple dozen people 's feelings sure is necessary . 
  ben `` the renegade world trade grenade '' garrison . 
   only the history can judge , who was right . 
  the winners . 
  no , survived those who fought and won and did n't accept others ' customs , and imposed their names and culture on the ones who did . 
  tribalism and the concept of nation and fighting for and controlling your own homeland are concepts deeply ingrained in every civilization that has existed and date back to plato and tacitus . 
  the reason you 're able to say that is that your ancestors fought for it , and survived . 
  my grandma told me that if i swear , the devil will come and take me to hell . 
  i guess that counts as religious indoctrination in norway , while muslim child brides are a-ok . 
  if it 's brown , you ca n't criticize it . 
  like you . 
  we 've never even had a high murder rate to begin with , especially during communism . 
  our gun laws are draconic and even bladed weapons are hard to get . 
  the crime is mainly in thievery , robbery and contraband , and even rival gypsy clans rarely break into mortal kind of violence because they know the police will fuck them in the ass . 
  lol armenia is the first kingdom that made christianity its ' state religion and its ' church dates to the 1st century . 
  how does having something that stops our neighbor from bullying us make things worse ? 
  we 've done nothing to offend russia since the iron curtain fell and they 've responded by taking a fat dump on us everytime they could , yet now we are the aggressors and are escalating things . 
  i guess asking to get our stolen gold back is also us being unreasonable assholes and a threat to their sovereignty . 
  ... turkology ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria_war this is why . 
  a lot of people here want to unite with moldova , which still has a `` russian minority '' and was part of novorussia . 
  plus , we 've been consistently fucked over by three different russian governments since 1800 , which has remained in our collective minds . 
  `` you 're too white to be romanian . '', 
  one man attacking four people at the same time for their wallets would be newsworthy . 
  look up george soros . 
  ca n't call it wallachia because it 's a name that we never used for either tara romaneasca or the rest , except in the context of how other nations called it . 
  are you actually fucking serious ? 
  they ca n't afford to live in appartments but they can afford to buy expensive cars and build ugly mansions in the countryside ? 
  and yes , they were given free appartments and housing . 
  lots of post-communist mayors did . 
  the government bends over backwards for them to gain their votes but apparently they 're still so poor and oppressed . 
  they seem to be happy to live in the shanty towns and ghettos they make for themselves after they sold the free appartment buildings they are given . 
  because it 's topical . 
  alexandru macedoneanu, 
  we have the same saying here . 
  we also have `` the turk , like the pistol . '', 
  which means `` a man is judged by his actions '' . 
  always ducking under cover and waiting for the storm to blow over , then going back at it . 
  this shit always happens . 
  please stop forcing your `` alt-right shit '' into everything . 
  psd are former communists and now are `` socialists '' . 
  corruption comes in every form . 
  i did n't imply such thing and i 'm not sure why you would make that comparison . 
  of course , that absolves israel of everything . 
  ah , yes , always with the palestinians , gays and so on , as if it washes away colonizing territories that they were legally barred from , assassinations , keeping territories that they 've illegally occupied under martial law instead of democratic law , goading the dumbass hamas into inept terrorist attacks just so they can look like the injured party and use it as an excuse to keep militarizing and acquiring more territory and so on . 
  not that i 'm a fan of arabs and palestinians , mind you , but israel is a state created by terrorists that have fooled the western hemisphere that they 're the good guys . 
  israel should stop being so dislikable then . 
  does civilization matter when someone essentially broke the child you 've reared ? 
  and when you know they 'll essentially get a slap on the wrist ? 
  it would n't to me . 
  feel free to call me edgy , barbaric , uncivilized , whatever buzzword you can throw at me , but i 'd do life sentence for my child . 
  a father whose daughter was raped and/or killed . 
  calm down there stud . 
  not much of what 's been happening in sweden has been logical . 
  i must 've missed the part where other minorities in europe had aristocracies and parliamental rights where they could veto policies and reforms . 
  it does , but it evolved past it and it stopped being `` roman '' and became `` romanian '' . 
  romania does n't mean land of the romans , it means land of romanians , or land of all romanians . 
  theres a difference between roman and rom\u00e2n , but it does n't translate in english . 
  oltenia/banate of severin had a lion on their coa for a long time because they 're special snowflakes . 
  it kind of just got merged with banat 's one . 
  `` muh war criminals '' great whataboutism dipshit , your terrorist government has done worse , but it 's okay because you hide behind the shield of holocaust and homosexality , which washes all sins . 
  you can have all the gay parades in the world , it does n't change the fact that israel fanned the flames ( of the fire that it started ) by ignoring british mandate and moving further in the palestinian lands . 
  no , i 'm annoyed by insipid tabloids that think that 1 . 
  europe is a singular entity and 2 .
