  i wrote just middle east because we have n't been admitted into eu ( and i do n't think this will happen any time soon . 
  i do n't know if this is a troll thread or not . 
  but anyways that means `` pimp '' . 
  and it 's written as `` pezevenk '' not `` pezenevek '' . 
  it 's a common insult among turkish people . 
  depends on which university you will study . 
  but for career opportunities , it 's definitely germany . 
  climatically and historically beautiful but an extremely chaotic country . 
  lmao, 
  great news for turkish stanford students . 
  haha . 
  you are also right . 
  i think i know all 5 of those guys . 
  i can access with dns . 
  i use [ this ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.mytechie.setdns&amp;hl=en ) app and these addresses :, 
  dns 1 : 4.2.2.1, 
  dns 2 : 4.2.2.2, 
  sure will do . 
  ayran or cacik is the best option that comes to my mind . 
  yogurt is generally used as an ingredient for preparing sauces . 
  function is more important than the size . 
  i visited nyc , miami and orlando before . 
  main difference between american culture and turkish culture is individualism . 
  american culture is much much more individualistic . 
  i can say that other small differences are based on that individualistic life style . 
  youtube is a nice source for turkish tv series with english subs . 
  just write `` name of the series + english subtitles '' ( for example : broken pieces english subtitles ) to the search bar . 
  some examples :, 
  magnificent century ( muhtesem yuzyil ) : https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucyret1r9uifawfnyagmxuca, 
  broken pieces ( paramparca ) : https://www.youtube.com/user/brokenpieces, 
  in my opinion , we celebrate canakkale campaign every year just because australians and new zealanders coming here every year and mourn their fathers . 
  they are coming here from far far away and i think we feel ashamed , so we keep up with them . 
  other than that , our nation has a terrible historical memory . 
  people easily forget even the most important events happened in 5-10 years timeframe . 
  eksi is ok . 
  but inci ? 
  i was drunk last night and sent a post about how beautiful swedish girls i met were . 
  a friend replied me ` this is cultural exchange not women exchange ' lol . 
  i thought my post was inappropriate so we deleted our posts . 
  most people i met in eu countries told me that they thought life in turkey is no different than an arab country and there is no difference between turkish culture and arab culture . 
  i would say while some cities or neighborhoods are more conservative , poor and culture is more arabic , you can also find more secular , richer and maybe european cities or neighborhoods too . 
  not much affected . 
  but i think people living in big cities are all affected to some degree . 
  our government granted so many privileges to syrian people that we have become a refugee in our own country . 
  also , unfortunately , some of them are undereducated , poor , homeless and do n't speak turkish so that 's a major problem for turkey imo . 
  favorite thing : i love the climate . 
  least favorite : conservative people, 
  most famous : while some people say tarkan ( singer ) , some other say orhan pamuk ( writer ) and also erdogan ofc . 
  most famous person you have n't heard of : i 'm not sure about that davutoglu maybe . 
  our prime minister . 
  you should first visit istanbul then places like alanya and bodrum for holiday . 
  you should n't visit : eastern turkey . 
  you are right , they are blocked ( i 'm not so sure about fb though , it may not be blocked ) . 
  but you can access those sites by using dns addresses . 
  it 's not a problem even for our government . 
  also , you are always welcome to turkey  . 
  ok , thanks for informing us . 
  even during the blocked times , i could easily access to those sites with dns though . 
  that was not a problem . 
  it resembles the division between northern and southern italy . 
  western turkey is culturally more ( southern ) european and also industrialized and richer . 
  eastern turkey is more middle eastern , poorer and conservative . 
  you should remove your shoes . 
  that 's not a local thing . 
  some people prefer to drink tea with lemon . 
  according to the news , there are videos of a murdered prosecutor by a far-leftist group on those sites . 
  you could watch the actual murder scene and the government censored those videos . 
  so they blocked those sites . 
  tall , blonde , blue-eyed , rich and cold people . 
  lol video is very funny . 
  i heard being shy , cold and not talkative is a common stereotype of northern european people in many countries . 
  but it 's just a stereotype of course i 'm sure all people are not like that . 
  i met 4 swedish girls during my master 's study in france and they were very talkative and kind people . 
   what 's your best , most prestigious university ? 
  a swedish friend told me that it 's kth and chalmers for engineering . 
  am i right ? 
  it 's northern kurdistan you idiots not western armenia . 
  some vpn services ( such as [ hide.me ] ( https://hide.me/en/features/mobile ) ) provide you a software that can be installed on your home router . 
  this way you can cover all devices that have access to your home wifi network . 
   up to 2 million syrian migrants fleeing their country due to the war are currently living in turkey . 
  undp head helen clark has told the h\u00fcrriyet daily news that more than 800,000 people could flee syria for turkey throughout 2015 . 
  remove gyro !, 
  i 've completed my military service last year . 
  there was a guy in the same situation with you in our troop . 
  he was turkish but living and born in spain . 
  also , there are lots of kurdish people in the army who do n't speak one word turkish but still recruited . 
  i do n't know the procedures of application for military service of a turkish person with a foreign nationality but i 'm sure they 'll find someone who can translate the documents and what they say to you . 
  if you get recruited to the army , during your military service , they 'll find a soldier who can translate the orders from the officers to you or try to communicate with body language . 
  spanish-turkish friend was speaking english so we were translating the orders to english for him . 
  you are welcome, 
  hey guys , my family comes from thessaloniki and i was born in smyrna . 
  visited thessaloniki in 2010 and loved there . 
  also , i visit chios frequently . 
  i think ( western ) turkish people and greek people have so much in common . 
  a german friend of mine told me that greek people are hated in europe and blamed for the current economic crisis . 
  is this really true ? 
  is siesta common in greece ? 
  because during my visits to chios , i noticed that streets get almost empty in the noon times . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  you 're always welcome to turkey  .
