  but they all moved to abroad or another city so i ca n't find anyone to play tabletop rpg 's now . 
  i guess that 's because rpg playing community in izmir is very limited . 
  dungeon masters ' or game masters ' creativity , their knowledge and interests are the main factors which makes the game entertaining and satisfying imo . 
  i played with many different groups when i was a student but only one friend of mine was quite good at being gm imo . 
  most gms in turkey do n't read many books so they lack creativity i think . 
  generally 3.0 gpa and 700 gre is okay for most departments . 
  well if you 've $ $ 's than it 's okay too of course  . 
  yes, 
  it 's ironic that mainly people from europe were asking if turkey is safe . 
  maybe now we should ask them the same question . 
  condolences from turkey . 
  stay safe guys ... 
  no comment . 
  the process has not started yet . 
  still government officials claim that only the most qualified ones may become citizens . 
  but most people predict that sooner or later they will become citizens and when that happens , turkey will be fucked . 
  around 2 million people means a huge voter base . 
  it 's funny that people running away from war in their country will have right to elect their neighbor country 's leader . 
  first of all akp/erdogan let them in to turkey . 
  secondly , akp always uses islam as a tool to attract voters and since most syrians are known to be religious , it 's not hard to predict that they will vote for akp . 
  also , let 's consider akp 's alternatives . 
  mhp is a nationalistic party . 
  i do n't expect an arab syrian or kurd syrian to vote for a turk nationalistic party . 
  chp is ataturk 's secular party and most of the voter base of chp hate syrians . 
  so most likely syrians will not vote for chp too . 
  and the last major party is hdp , kurds ' party . 
  same as mhp , i do n't expect an arab syrian to vote for a kurd party . 
  maybe some kurd syrians will vote for hdp , but more votes for hdp also means turkey is fucked . 
  according to the recent publications about syrians , only around 40000 of 2.5 millions are university educated . 
  so they will create a social underclass whether they become citizens or not . 
  condolences from turkey guys . 
  stay safe . 
  live thread : https://www.reddit.com/live/wnmfkgw1uab7, 
  istanbul is very complicated , all kinds of people are living there ( secular , islamist , etc. ) . 
  karadeniz region is quite conservative ( more like islamist-nationalist actually ) too . 
  your best bet is izmir . 
  i was born and currently living in izmir . 
  even if you move to izmir , you will be disappointed imo . 
  let the 9th crusade begin / s. 
  you are not wrong . 
  number of crusades change depending on your source . 
  some say 8 some say 10 . 
  nope . 
  only the ones against the islamic empires/countries count . 
  hi , first of all , in which city you are planning to study ? 
  1.200 tl is okay for izmir but very low for istanbul . 
  oh 1.200 tl is n't so bad for bursa . 
  i 'm doing phd in istanbul but i 'm turk so i do n't know much about government scholarships for foreign students . 
  i have some friends from senegal who are doing phd in izmir . 
  they stay in university residences for a small fee so scholarship is enough for them to get by . 
  living in goztepe neighborhood . 
  i 'm glad that you liked izmir . 
  have fun . 
  haha . 
  cool . 
  maybe we should arrange a meeting with other redditors living in izmir . 
  really ? 
  i 've lived in goztepe almost all my life , except a year in both france and the us . 
  i did n't know that there are foreigners living in my neighborhood . 
  nice . 
  i would come to a meet up too . 
  i live close to egeli . 
  it 's me and my friends ' favorite place to meet up and have a drink . 
  you are welcome to [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4izez4/im_a_foreigner_living_in_turkey_ama/d32fg6h ) . 
  ok changed it to np . 
  i 'm in !, 
  ooops . 
  deleting . 
  tgif lol . 
  i know him irl , nice person . 
  / u/crazedmaze / u/vladimir _ putting / u/trampcarpark / u/jamboreeee so guys everyone is ok for a meet up ? 
  edit : me and jamboree are ok, 
  reporting from izmir . 
  it 's safe here . 
  you can come . 
  i do n't think anyone living in the eastern part of turkey would want to join iraq or syria . 
  even iraqis and syrians are leaving their countries . 
  btw , speaking of western turkey , istanbul-thrace region is separated ? 
  and also special privilege to izmir ? 
  why ? 
  this map is like treaty of sevres . 
  have you tried to change the parameters ? 
  ( number of neurons in the hidden layer in the nn or positions of the classes in knn ) . 
  if so , did it affect the results ? 
  what puzzles me is there must be one true classification result regardless which algorithm you use . 
  neural networks give most of the time more reliable results . 
  so , i assume nn 's result is right . 
  probably europe . 
  i lived in france for two years for master 's education . 
  racism towards me was unbearable . 
  there is a nice camping place under balcova cable cars , but it may be a little crowded . 
  a more secluded camping place is near the dokuz eylul university campus in buca . 
  homeros valley in bornova is a decent place too . 
  i ca n't imagine what would major western media outlets have said if that had happened in turkey . 
  probably `` another islamic state failed bla bla '', 
  their birthrates are way higher than turks . 
  within a generation they will be the majority . 
  i was talking about the pre-war population . 
  even if we consider the current 3 m people , first of all i do n't think that they will ever integrate . 
  they do n't need to integrate .
