  also , money does n't mean everything , you need good supervisors , researchers to complete the projects . 
   so my question is what is your views on your president ? 
  i do n't support him and will never support him . 
  he is basically the turkish and muslim version of donald trump . 
  i am from izmir . 
  i am infidel and i know it . 
  signed . 
  thanks for the link . 
  edit : why down votes ? 
  i do n't want turkey in the eu . 
  i guess someone is flying to the space soon . 
  please keep in mind that reddit changes its logo to armenian flag holding sad face on every april 24th . 
  ccc big sexy reyiz the kliq ccc, 
  % 25 albanian % 12.5 macedonian % 12.5 turk and % 50 circassian does that count ? 
  hope you stay safe and enjoy your stay in istanbul . 
  nice article . 
  these kind of nice thoughts/articles always come from northern americans , while most europeans are trying to shit on turkey . 
   that 's what people do n't seem to understand , and that 's largely because people have n't taken the time to understand istanbul or turkey . 
  this . 
  people simply do n't spend time to understand turkey plus being a `` muslim country '' damages turkey 's reputation for some people . 
  international media 's attitude towards incidents happened in paris and istanbul showed that turkey is a misunderstood country . 
  % 25 albanian % 12.5 macedonian % 12.5 turk and % 50 circassian, 
  not only wind power but we also have a huge potential for the solar power . 
  unfortunately , currently , even germany 's solar power production is much much larger than turkey 's . 
  well , of course germany is not a small undeveloped nation but turkey is a much much sunnier country than germany . 
  it 's very easy to produce as much solar energy as germany for turkey . 
  i have some work experience in the solar energy industry so i know . 
  yes , solar energy is expensive right now . 
  the efficiency of the solar panels is the only thing to improve and efficiency is not expected to increase drastically with r&d in the near future . 
  i think , instead of waiting for it to be cheaper , we should set up solar panel industry and produce our own panels . 
  by the way , with the automation , of course prices of the panels are expected to get cheaper and cheaper . 
  a swearing such as amk ( of course not abbreviated ) would do , at least 90 % guaranteed . 
  i mean if you say that to a stranger you see on the street , most likely he/she will be offended . 
  naturalizing around 2 million people with a huge childbirth potential is a terrible choice for a country like turkey . 
  there are n't enough jobs for even just kurdish people in the south east , what will all those people do ? 
  i do n't think most of them are educated enough to open factories or innovate something . 
  plus , it 's not guaranteed that they will integrate and become turkified . 
  also , they give birth even more than kurdish people , i do n't think it 's a good idea . 
  yes , and i do n't think syrians are any better than kurdish people living in the south east . 
   jobs can be made, 
  i do n't think it 's so easy . 
  you need an educated local population to do that . 
   the problem i am talking about is kurds being regional majority in southeast . 
  if we settled them in iraq border and made sure they become regional majority in that area . 
  imagine a border strip having majority arabs so that iraq kurds and turkish kurds are split . 
  pkk would have to pass through arab regions to enter turkey from iraq . 
  these arabs would be between kurdish regions so be threatened . 
  and because they can not win against kurds on their own , they would need the state sponsorship . 
  makes sense , it can be done but first you need to build infrastructure for those people , then jobs , etc. 
  it will be a huge financial burden for the government in my opinion . 
  if turkey eliminates the terror threat in cizre and persuades some rich and educated people living in the west to invest there , build some factories , etc. , then maybe something will happen . 
  but still educated population will be very limited . 
  i really ca n't understand . 
  yes , we should help those people , they are in need but not sending them back when the war ends just because they do n't want to go back is ridiculous . 
  for homemade dishes , i think it 's [ imam bayildi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0130mam_bay\u0131ld\u0131 ) . 
  for general dishes ( things you can eat at a restaurant ) , probably [ iskender kebab ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0130skender_kebap ) . 
  most likely no with a cc diploma . 
  but with an undergraduate diploma she can find a decent job . 
  foreign experiences ( education , work experience , etc. ), 
  are always a huge plus for companies in turkey . 
  but a 4-years bachelor 's degree is preferred most of the time because only people with a bachelor 's degree are granted the authority to sign . 
  in your girlfriend 's case , she will be an architect so she must sign up for the chamber of architects , thus having the signing authority which is very important for architects , with her bachelor 's degree to get a decent job . 
  she ca n't register with a cc diploma . 
  also , the procedure for engineers are very similar to architects ' . 
   erdogan asked whether the proposal would be for 3bn or 6bn . 
  when juncker confirmed the 3bn , erdogan said that turkey did n't need the eu 's money anyway . 
  `` we can open the doors to greece and bulgaria anytime and we can put the refugees on buses '' . 
  lol, 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  wow , that was long . 
  done !, 
  good luck with your study . 
  nope , if you read the article , it says that it 's the headline of takvim , which is just a scam news . 
  the article is just criticizing takvim , which is a shit newspaper . 
  article is not that bad . 
  but i do n't understand why op posted here too . 
  please keep in mind that russia lacks power projection . 
  also , we can only defend against russians it 's almost impossible that we can beat them in a offensive war . 
  wow you have a strong accent, 
  rip for the casualties . 
  anyways , i hate it when they slow down the social media sites after a bombing/mass killing happens . 
  i was chatting with my friend about an important topic on facebook and look what is happening now . 
  i ca n't even log in . 
  thanks for reporting i will post a new link . 
  since we fund them , they did us a favor and give tsk a big place in their magazine . 
  `` more royalist than the king '', 
  hello ,, 
  i am from izmir . 
  i do n't know much about gediz university but it 's a private university so it should have its ' own dormitory so you do n't have to rent a room/apartment . 
  university is far away from the city centre konak . 
  but it 's close to karsiyaka district where you can find lots of attractions ( restaurants , bars , etc. ) . 
  you can take the ferries or suburban railway izban to go to konak . 
  gediz university is known for its ' ties with turkish cleric [ fethullah gulen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethullah_g\u00fclen ) , so you may find some religious figures , people , etc. 
  also , gediz university is known for having too much students from africa . 
  i did n't say anything about it 's right or wrong . 
  it 's just unusual for a turkish university . 
  probably most of those guys got their pre-university education in one of gulen 's schools in africa . 
  i know a professor who gave lessons at that university for a semester and he told me that some of the classes were 50 % / 50 % african-turk . 
  i used to play d&d 4th . 
  edition with my friends .
