  maybe someone knows a good online shop with quick delivery , let 's wait . 
  yes , when you enter a shop or you are starting a conversation with someone you have to , then it 's ok to say merhaba . 
  but saying merhaba to a stranger you see on the street is inconvenient . 
  i 'm living in goztepe neighborhood . 
  alsancak is also cool . 
  it 's the social ` heart ' of the city , so it can be a little chaotic and noisy sometimes . 
  when i was young , bazaar was done in here every sunday . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's still held in there ( foursquare users say it 's still held in there ) . 
  i usually go to bazaar in my neighborhood . 
  for pc , try to buy games from steam ( especially in discounts ), 
  for ps4 , buy a game from a merchandiser then trade your game with other gamers you know/meet on the internet . 
  also , you can buy games from foreign psn stores . 
  for instance , indonesian psn store is very popular in turkey since games are really cheap . 
  i 'm no expert of knives but sheath of the knife ( shape and motives on it ) looks like [ this ] ( http://d.haberciniz.biz/other/bursaya-ait-degerler-antikacilarda-musteri-bekliyor-bursa-20100710ay322286-01.jpg ) late ottoman-early republic era knife sheaths . 
  also , letters on the sheath are in latin alphabet so it must be an early republic era knife if it 's turkish made . 
  ayni [ bloodborne ` daki cage helmet ] ( http://bloodborne.wiki.fextralife.com/file/view/mensis_cage_set_small.jpg/546134970/mensis_cage_set_small.jpg ) olmus , 
  colonialism , slavery and selfishness have become a part of their culture , especially for western europeans . 
  even if they deny that , large majority of them still have european superiority ideas in their subconscious minds . 
  so it is natural for them not to be tolerant against foreigners , especially non-european inferior people . 
  also , a little off-topic but almost all people coming from french colonies i met in france were `` more royalist than the king '' . 
  i hated that . 
  no , it 's not considered rude , it just means you are a foreigner/you seem odd . 
  we basically do n't greet strangers . 
  people do n't feel offended or sth . 
  else if you greet them . 
  void main {, 
  return 0 ;, 
  / r/turkey c++ compiler v1 .0 , 
  terminated with exit code 0 . 
  it 's like what europeans are saying : `` what 's the difference between a turk and an arab ? 
  they 're both muslim '', 
   but you 'd hope someone in politics would think twice when saying something like this . 
  i do n't expect that from our turkish politicians . 
  i think almost all of them are uneducated as hell . 
   edit : question ( to anyone that feels like responding ) : is the other side also true here in turkey ? 
  like : `` whats the difference between an spaniard and a german , they 're both european '' . 
  i ask this because when i talk to my friends here , or read on reddit it 's always : `` those europeans '' or `` europeans are racist '' etc. 
  i 'm dutch but in no way do i feel european ... not even remotely . 
  an educated turk knows the difference between a german and a spaniard . 
  but for an average citizen , it 's more like physical differences between southern and northern europeans . 
  i think that `` european '' phrase comes into play when european countries or people support each other or act in unison . 
  yes , some turkish people ( thousands of us ) wanted to migrate to europe just to beg in the middle of berlin/madrid/paris . 
  so we were complaining about their policies against us . 
  you are welcome . 
  now you learned one of the reasons why people are against them . 
  the other reason is around 2.5 million of them migrated in about 4 years . 
  it 's so much that turkey became the country with most refugees in the world in 4 years . 
  they are escaping from a war that destroyed their country and they are coming from an almost foreign culture . 
  there are already some social problems occurring in the society because of akp 's irresponsible refugee policies . 
  first source i found : http://english.al-akhbar.com/node/23976, 
  european politicians do n't say things like that . 
  but as i said before , most of our politicians are undereducated as hell so i think it 's very normal . 
  as the un report says , i was saying that turkey has become the country with the most refugees . 
  we are here trying to keep our society secular and also educate our people as much as possible . 
  turkey is already under the threat of islamism with erdogan and letting 2 millions mostly undereducated and not secular immigrants into our country is a suicide . 
  our government had some very irresponsible refugee politics . 
  i am not blaming syrians for begging in the middle of istanbul but those people should be kept in the refugee camps near the border then the qualified ones should be let in to the society over time . 
  also , i lived in the us for a year . 
  us immigrants are mostly very highly qualified/educated . 
  what i mean is i think they are incompetent to be a politician . 
  other than that , bahceli and davutoglu were academicians and kilicdaroglu was the president of ssk , thus it can be said that they are educated . 
  lol, 
   more than 135,000 refugees and migrants arrived in europe by sea in the first half of 2015 , many of them fleeing war , repression and poverty in africa and the middle east . 
  turkey bombing innocent peace-loving heroic kurds fighting against evil isis . 
  turkey out of nato now !, 
  yeah that was a sarcasm . 
  here is a typical `` westerner '' comment ( taken from lemonde.fr and translated into english with google translate ) :, 
   the situation is basically clear . 
  turkey , which has always been positively welcoming to jihadists of all stripes , is that a real geopolitical concern : eliminating kurds ( one more genocide , this time with the nato umbrella ) . 
  this would be electorally well and came to erdogan , there is only what matters to him like all autocrats , especially when they are dressed in rags of democracy . 
  the international community is silent . 
  ** either you are a troll or you took the red pill . 
  i was born and living in izmir . 
  a 100 square meter apartment in a decent neighborhood ( alsancak i.e. ), 
  costs about 150.000-200 .000 $ . 
  by saying design , do you mean mechanical design ( cad , cam , solidworks , catia , etc. ), 
  or electromechanical design ( for instance guidance systems , propulsion systems , control systems , etc. ) ? 
  one more question , i 'm also a mechanical engineer ( bs in istanbul + ms in paris ( about control systems ) + currently pursuing phd about control theory applications to thermodynamical/energy systems in istanbul ) . 
  do you or your company publish your findings in academic journals ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i have also some published papers in academic journals . 
  i have come across papers of researchers from us defense companies such as lockheed martin before . 
  i am wondering what kind of technical problems our companies are dealing with so i will definitely look for turkish companies ' papers next time . 
  also , thanks for informing me about companies ' publishing policies . 
  sometimes i get very surprised about how some special topics has n't published yet . 
  my guess is some company did it before but they were n't authorized to publish that . 
  / r/isturkeysafe /, 
  fascists are getting what they deserve . 
  what a great day to be a kurd . 
  rip btw . 
  i 've seen some comments like the sarcasm above on western media websites . 
  i 'll be really glad when those people recognize that some of the martyrs are also kurds . 
  finished my military service last year . 
  if you graduated from a university , you serve for 6 months , otherwise you serve for 12 months . 
  and yes if you are having a comfortable life , it 's not so pleasant . 
  short term soldiers ( 6 months ) are generally treated better by the officers since they are more educated . 
  when you finish your military service and get out of the military post first time , you notice that you 're psychologically affected and you have a hard time adapting to civil life . 
  but after 5-6 months you get well , adapt to civil life and you feel like it was a bad dream . 
  generally this is what happens to most people during their military service . 
  i was shocked when i learned that they also went through the same mental processes with me .
