  although what ` turkish ' supporters did was disgusting , i think they were booing because victims of the paris attacks were n't like them . 
  unfortunately , i think the same logic can be applied to the ankara attacks , booing in konya turkey-iceland match , and that shows how divided we are . 
  our ` great ' supporters booed during the moment of silence to commemorate the victims of the ankara attack before the iceland match . 
  some said that people booed because they sympathize isis but i think they booed because the victims were leftists and most of the people living in konya are rightists . 
  so the victims were n't like them and they booed . 
  i find western media ( especially western european media ) extremely anti-turkish . 
  yes , turkish people booed during the moment of silence , but german supporters did the same thing yesterday too . 
  nothing happened . 
  our government might have supported isis early on but definitely not now . 
  they say that turkey is buying isis oil . 
  however , most countries buy oil from states in the middle-east that funds terrorism but this is not a problem too . 
  i bet if a new terrorist organization like isis comes up in a few years , everybody will claim that turkey is supporting that organization too . 
  nope it 's kurdish . 
  this, 
  winter is coming . 
  more like golden dawn activists . 
  for the richer neighborhoods , yes it is . 
  lol . 
  hey , welcome to / r/turkey ,, 
  in my opinion , israel is like turkey . 
  nice people with a bad government . 
  ataturk was a true hero . 
  without him , we would probably be no different than our arab neighbors . 
  he introduced secularism to turkey . 
  i do n't like erdogan and his government and have never voted for him/his party . 
  i do n't favor the presidential system he wants to bring and i find them very anti-secular . 
  for the second part of the question , they do n't often keep their promises but let 's see what they will do in this term . 
  i have lots of good russian friends but , militarily , russia often violates the borders of other countries . 
  so , i support our government 's decision to shut down the jet . 
  probably stuffed mussel ( midye dolma in turkish ) and beer . 
  stuffed mussel is a very popular turkish street food . 
  it goes very well with beer . 
  i love it !, 
  i find our people very welcoming to foreigners . 
  of course like everywhere there are some bad apples in our society but i think that 's okay . 
  we have very nice foods and i find our culture as a mix of western and eastern cultures . 
  i think that 's pretty cool . 
  you are welcome !, 
  [ this ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/silhoutte-istanbul-10982748.jpg ) kind of silhouettes always remind me of istanbul and turkey . 
  some mosques and a bridge . 
  you can also find a this kind of silhouette in / r/turkey 's header . 
  i hope you come and visit istanbul and turkey someday . 
  you are welcome !, 
  well , i think we should have helped palestinian people but not that way . 
  the `` charity organization '' ihh ( foundation for human rights and freedoms and humanitarian relief ) is no different than a terrorist organization in my opinion . 
  and our `` great '' government supported them since they are both islamists . 
  yes , ceza is a national rap artist . 
  but i do n't like/not interested in rap music . 
  some turkish songs i like :, 
  very popular . 
  in pc platform , online fps games like counter-strike ( currently top most played game in steam turkey ) and mmorpg games like world of warcraft are popular . 
  in console platform , football games like pes and fifa are very popular but i like frp and rpg games more . 
  currently i 'm playing fallout 4 on my ps4 , which is one of my favorite series . 
  hey israeli friends !, 
  can you recommend me some good/popular israeli music ? 
  it can be of any genre . 
  thank you !, 
   and a special mention to berry sakharof , the prince of israeli rock - originally born in \u0130zmir , turkey !, 
  thanks for sharing your favorite songs . 
  i was also born in izmir and still living there . 
  there is a big synagogue next to my house . 
  people say that my neighborhood was once had a big jewish population . 
  i will look for his biography . 
  maybe he was born in my neighborhood . 
  adana , urfa and iskender kebabs . 
  [ shwarma with vine leaves ] ( https://elmaliturta.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/dscf0357.jpg ) and best turkish street food ever [ stuffed mussels !, 
  ] ( http://www.evtarifleri.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/midye-dolma.jpg ), 
  please use the pedestrian underpass . 
  stuffed vine leaves is a traditional dish of the aegean region of turkey . 
  as an aegean myself , i love it . 
  my grandmother also make it almost once a week . 
   yes , the kurds have problems but they are one of the most liberal groups in this conflict and seem committed to making real improvements in areas like women 's rights and representative government with a robust welfare state . 
  this part is golden . 
  why nations fail, 
  interstellar, 
  not a fan of turkish tv series , maybe bizimkiler . 
  game of thrones, 
  stuffed mussels + beer or red wine, 
  / r/worldnews, 
  i visited belgium for a meeting held in ku leuven . 
  unfortunately , i never had a chance to taste mussels or any other local food during my visit . 
  so sad now . 
  my house at 4:03 lol, 
  in the turkish section of cinemaximum website , it says that the film is dubbed in turkish . 
  however , i could n't find any info about it in the english section . 
  seems like a nice and unbiased article about ottomans and usa to me . 
  that 's why i mostly prefer na media over european one . 
  ozellikle / r/europe ` da bariz gorulebiliyor bu . 
  bu konuyu bence `` why nations fail ? '', 
  i think turkish horror movie producers have so much to learn from guillermo del toro . 
  our horror movies really sucks . 
  currently pursuing phd degree in mechanical engineering at itu . 
  i have ms degree from universite pierre et marie curie in paris . 
  i have published scientific articles in decent international journals . 
  my thesis project is funded by tubitak . 
  but f. . . tubitak and turkish public universities . 
  public servant mentality of academicians and uncaring attitude of tubitak pissed me off immensely . 
  i 've given up struggling and going to usa for postdoc after i finish my phd . 
  if they want good and high quality science , first , they should change the mentality in universities and research facilities . 
  funding is very limited compared to foreign academic projects .
