9 turkish citizens died ( or should i say killed ? ), 
  during the raid and none of the israeli commandos died . 
  none of the passenger and crew on the ship other than died didn ` t even have nosebleed . 
  and turkish press have called that ` a bloody raid ` . 
  should they have selected a photo of died ones during the raid ? 
  yep attacking a soldier was a very foolish decision . 
  as a turkish citizen with greek descendants living abroad , i just wanted to point out that there ` s nothing offensive about a photo of an israeli soldier bleeding since i know turkish and read the whole story about why they selected that photo . 
  i read some comments made about the new and most of them are ignorant and childish . 
  you got it wrong haxorz . 
  fuck the turks by the way , they rape and kill the kurds ( !, 
  check chinas opinion about the usa human rights report for further information . 
  usa rains tomahawk missiles on libya without president asking the councils opinion , usa tops the list on poverty rate , etc. 
  yet you are still complaining about human rights ... nice one !, 
  ps : i ` m greek . 
  study finds that usa tops the list on prisoners and poverty rate also they go to war without president asking councils opinion . 
  lol . 
  i ` ve recently read an article about israelis have killed 750.000 palestinians since 1950s . 
  if this is not a genocide , then what is the real one ? 
  oh i am sorry about that , i thought you are from us . 
  i also sympathize with armenians  . 
  but you miss some points about turkey . 
  they are a major force in the middle east both economically and militarily . 
  i ` ve met some armenians recently told me that armenian government should open their borders to turkey so that their economy could float . 
  unsuccessful troll is unsuccessful, 
  human development index, 
  ufos are attacking pyd/pkk from the turkish side of the border . 
  they claim that kobane is their territory . 
  pics and videos coming soon ... 
  what 's that got to do with machine learning ? 
  adam turk terorist gormemis . 
   honestly how is this muhammad ? 
  you are drawing an arab looking dude and saying its muhammad . 
  is that all it takes to draw muhammad ? 
  i feel like its like drawing a picture of an ordinary black guy and saying its barrack obama . 
  that would n't be obama and your drawing is not muhammad . 
  its just a random arab . 
   ataturk bombed innocent civillians, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  when did he do that ? 
  my thoughts about korea and koreans are :, 
  best country at moba ( samsung white @ lol championships ) and rts ( mainly starcraft ) games . 
  i think most koreans love online games with lots of grinding while gamers in western countries mostly play casual online games ( like wow ) . 
  one of the few countries that successfully escaped the middle-income trap in the last decades with right economic and innovation policies . 
  samsung produces very nice electronic products . 
  it even competes with apple although korea is a newly-industrialized country while usa has a well-established and very innovative industry . 
  turkish brigade in korean war . 
  researchers at western countries seem they really respect scientific research papers published by korean universities . 
  i do n't believe that they are monitoring you . 
  they try to block every web site that is against our ` traditions ' . 
  did you try to change your dns adress ? 
  you can access some blocked web sites by changing your dns . 
  also , some daily internet users ( including me ) use vpn services to bypass blocks on web sites . 
  done . 
  good luck with your thesis . 
  i 'm a phd student of mechanical engineering in istanbul . 
  for both education-wise and social life-wise choose one of the three big cities ( istanbul , izmir or ankara ) . 
  yes , akp is playing this game in most of the big cities . 
  can you specify which cities you are planning to visit ? 
  istanbul is quite safe . 
  probably safer than nyc . 
  the rest are tourist attractions located in western turkey . 
  i visited all of those places and they 're all safe too . 
  i hope she has a fun and safe trip . 
  quick answer to one of your questions . 
  you 're exaggerating racism against kurds in my opinion . 
  it 's never been as harsh as you say . 
  by the way , this topic is going to explode soon . 
  so , i just wanted to have the first post  . 
  also , i have a question for you . 
  in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kurdistan/comments/2wpo63/as_a_turkic_i_fully_support_an_independent/ ) topic you said that kurdish fighters saved your family from the hands of isis . 
  but here you say that saddam expelled your family from kirkuk , so you live in europe . 
  i think these two things you stated are clearly conflicting . 
  i do n't know much about what happened or happening in syria or iraq . 
  i have been living abroad for a long time and have just moved to turkey . 
  i was n't following turkish news so much . 
  maybe someone comes up and answers your question . 
  most older generation european turks and their children are idiots who are excluded from the society . 
  of course there are some exceptions in these people who are decent and well integrated into society . 
  the recent immigrants i met in europe were mostly ok . 
  about the us , most of them are educated and ok since their parents most likely have phd or masters degrees from us universities . 
  kabatas team . 
  i think the weather is cold so they are dressed . 
  please excuse me . 
  i thought you are turkish so i was joking around . 
  by their looks , i can say that they 're not isis sympathizers . 
  they might be pkk supporters or a far-leftist party supporters . 
  since his turkish citizenship was revoked , i do n't think anything will happen to him . 
  i 'm currently a phd student in this university . 
  there are some small groups of students that support the construction of mosque , while the majority opposes . 
  but what annoys me most is non-itu students and regular people i come across on social media that support the mosque construction by signing that change.org thing . 
  they should just f.ck off . 
  they do n't have anything to do with this decision . 
  if you ca n't spell `` allahu akbar '' properly by the time your plane lands on turkey , say goodbye to your ass . 
  yds is fucked like everything about education in turkey . 
  geographically : both europe and middle east, 
  culturally : mix of southern europe , mena and a little asia, 
  linguistically : asia, 
  genetically : mix of europe , mena , asia with very very little ssa in a tiny minority of people . 
  politically : middle east, 
  you are right southern-europe can be included into politics .
