  but they should n't chant allahu akbar or things like that in germany ... 
  at least we would n't get a bad reputation outside of turkey . 
  other than that , you are right this is not normal even in turkey . 
  i do n't think there are too many refugees in turkey like the businessman and the journalist in the video . 
  if the citizenship process stays limited with these kind of people , it 's ok i think . 
  in the video , reporter says that they are one of the few refugees that are invited for application to citizenship . 
  but he also says that if these first citizens are deemed successful then maybe another group of refugees ( probably less qualified ) will be invited for application . 
  let 's hope our government stop the citizenship process after first group of citizenships are granted . 
  american ? 
  lol . 
  99999999 years, 
  like most turkish videos , low quality . 
  thanks, 
  [ james deen ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2292959/ ) vs rte, 
  you decide guys !, 
  hi guys , thanks for having us . 
  i have two questions for you ,, 
  1 - everyday i read news about refugees from north african countries crossing the mediterranean sea and reaching italy , or they are rescued by border guards , etc. 
  how is the situation over there ? 
  do they affect your daily life ? 
  2 - how is the terrorist attacks in turkey viewed in italy ? 
  1 . a ) yes , hamam is kind of like sauna and it 's 100 % turkish . 
  b ) no , i do n't smoke and our government is heavily regulating smoking , i think number of people smoking is decreasing . 
  c ) sorry , link is broken . 
  i 'm a research assistant and phd student so i spend most of the days at my university , assisting the lessons and writing scientific papers . 
  other than work , i spend more time with my friends than my family . 
  i 've been in france and germany before . 
  i found french people very arrogant and rude , german people were a little better than french people . 
  during my time there people were asking if i am an immigrant or not . 
  and no , i was not thinking to immigrate there , i was just there to attend a conference . 
  people clearly stated that they do n't want me in their country . 
  i think us , australia or canada is much more open to immigration and if i immigrate one day , i will go to those countries . 
  for italy , i have n't met an italian yet . 
  but i imagine italians , like spanish people , are more positive , friendly and kind than rest of the europeans . 
  thanks for your answer , that is just like i imagined . 
  hi , i work in academia too , mechanical engineering . 
  almost all mechanical engineering academicians are liberal-minded overall in turkey , they do n't support erdogan 's party . 
  no one i know fired from their universities after the coup attempt because of ties with gulen , or another religious sect . 
  we have some research projects at our university funded by turkish scientific research council ( tubitak shortly ) , which is a government institution . 
  and unfortunately this organization was full of gulenists . 
  they are all fired after the coup and now the organization is almost empty . 
  we requested them to give us some money for our research project but they did n't answer us since the institution is almost empty now . 
  so our projects halted a little . 
  other than this , increasingly authoritarian government did n't affect us much . 
  i consider myself physically european looking , as told to me by my european friends , middle-eastern . 
  simply , they are our brothers . 
  akp and erdogan put them to those positions unfairly in the first place . 
  before 2012 , erdogan and gulen were best-friends-forever . 
  so , they were known that they are gulenists by the government officials . 
  some of the known gulenists confessed the other gulenists ' names to officials and some of them had bank accounts in gulen 's banks , etc. 
  so most of tubitak workers turned out to be gulenists . 
  as far as i know , there were no proper trials held , they were directly fired by erdogan 's executive orders . 
  news says that not all of the fired workers were gulenists , some of them just fired because of suspicions , i do n't know too much about that but i 'm almost sure some workers who have nothing to do with gulen are fired too . 
  i feel i 'm not affected because mecheng do n't have much to do with politics . 
  other departments such as chemical engineering , islamic studies , biology and medicine departments were full of gulenists and most academicians in those departments are fired . 
  actually , most non-gulenist academicians did n't have so much to do with politics so they just helped the government officials to fire the gulenists ( traitors ) . 
  from what i 've seen , cleaning process was clearly person to person basis but it may look like a structural operation to an outsider because gulenists were grouped in some specific departments or institutions . 
  he was a butcher apprentice with no money and education ( he dropped out of primary school i reckon ) . 
  and now he 's a rich successful chef and owner of two very luxurious restaurants in dubai and istanbul . 
  after his instagram videos spread throughout the internet , it turned out that his marketing skills are also incredible . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://img06.deviantart.net/0163/i/2012/358/3/a/rebel_scum_by_beltanespring-d5ozm2b.jpg ), 
  i could n't find a better source in english or turkish , sorry . 
  i lived in different eu countries for 2 years in total . 
  even back before gezi park events there was significant anti-turkism in the eu countries mainly due to non-integratedness of turks into their societies and some lies about turks told by the media . 
  since the beginning of these erdogan vs. netherlands & germany events it has become clear once again that anti-turkism is present and growing day by day . 
  i 'm not an erdogan supporter but i feel always disturbed by europeans ' messages . 
  their anti-erdo messages contain too much vague anti-turkish sentiments . 
  for turkish friends i recommend them to watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xvksvtt5sg ) video , ilber ortayli is also talking about their prejudice against turks in the first minutes . 
  whether the result will be ` yes ' or ` no ' in the coming referendum , this prejudice will not change . 
  i do n't think eu is nazi or fascist . 
  erdogan is trying to provoke you to gain more votes . 
  do n't mind him . 
  probably because there are not too many blondes in alanya . 
  maybe there are some russians , ukrainians but not natives . 
  most blonde turks are living in northern , western or north-western turkey not in southern cities like alanya . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.ensonhaber.com/ali-agaoglu-bbcnin-turkiye-belgeselinde-2017-03-27.html ), 
  afaik , older people ( 40 + ) support erdogan more . 
  lol he calls cia to do their job and bring down `` the dictator '' meanwhile in white house trump praises sisi . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5blzftt_it8&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  i will take the doctoral proficiency exam next week , still have lots of things to study :(, 
  turkish part of your message is a little ungrammatical . 
  anyway , it 's forbidden to buy alcohol on referendum day . 
   we 're a small community here . 
  it 's easy to keep track of people  . 
  nope . 
  it may be a problem for people at work . 
  i can easily say that our education system is shit and most teachers/academicians are not qualified and/or have mental issues . 
  not only memorization . 
  i heard heavy insults , not only to myself also to my family , from my supervisor at itu while doing masters at turkey . 
  some academicians have serious mental issues imo . 
  the only thing i want is , even if they are very rich or highly qualified , i want them to go back to their country after the war finishes . 
  syria needs those people . 
  conditions of being a turkish citizen is actually harsh but this girl 's family came to turkey about 1.5-2 years ago and now they are citizens . 
  what is the privilege of this girl ? 
  the rules should apply for everyone . 
   does erdogan have a political motive for taking in so many refugees ? 
  he will give them citizenship . 
  he needs more votes . 
  eyyyyy nobel !!, 
  try sci-hub . bz,
