that 's just your oppressed russian minority . 
  take potato away from the irish ? 
  nice whataboutism , but we are n't talking about slovenia and slovakia right now . 
   that is insane hey , i 'm just trying to present reasonable arguments here , no need to get all defensive . 
  but why do you find it so hard to believe that you are actually roma ? 
  i mean , it 's even in the name of your country . 
   romanian-roma confusion confusion ? 
  try to think about it rationally for a moment . 
  you do n't think you are roma , but everyone else does . 
  what is more likely , that you are wrong , or that everyone else is ? 
  it could be that you are just roma in denial . 
  from wikipedia :  the british isles are a group of islands off the north-western coast of continental europe that consist of the islands of great britain , ireland and over six thousand smaller isles are you opposed to geography or something ? 
  well , i assumed you are trying to bait people into a pointless argument about the greatness of the uk . 
  i mean , that comment could n't have been completely serious , right ? 
  and into nordic . 
  can you stop this spam , please ? 
  you do live in the british isles , though . 
  no , what made you think that ? 
  i am saying that if we do decide to get rid of our dependence on foreign vendors , we should n't exclude open source components even if they were written abroad . 
  there is no lock in problem with open source components because we can modify them if needed so they do n't make us dependent on foreign companies . 
  and i do think it would be a good idea to get rid of the dependence on foreign vendors for the software for public administration . 
  and not just foreign vendors , but any closed source software written by private companies , unless they provide source code to the public administration and allow them to modify it . 
  i think that reliance on closed source software is bad ( for public administration purposes ) , because private companies are responsible to their owners and not to the public , no matter if they are based in the eu or not . 
  of course they can be , but we should n't exclude existing software just because it was n't written in europe . 
  if you are gon na write software for the needs of public administration and if you 're at least remotely reasonable you are going to use many existing components . 
  stuff like the operating system , databases , servers , programming language implementations and various libraries and possibly frameworks . 
   on solutions made in europe they do n't need to be made in europe as long as they are open source . 
  there is enough competent people in europe to modify or improve them if needed . 
  from this part of his post :  i know few families who live there i assume he does n't actually live in poland . 
  it was a very bold statement and you did n't give any arguments to support it , so it does n't really require a rebuttal . 
  we have it free too , i was just expressing my outrage about a comrade wanting to get rid of it . 
   like f.e 1st may u wot comrade ? 
  wow , this is really pushing it , i wonder if god will strike it down ? 
  i 'm sure that when he has put that hill there , he did n't do it so that ships could sail through it . 
  also no jesus in latvia . 
  politburo send to gulag . 
  i do n't think he 'd be happy about christ killers taking over the holly land . 
  the one in crimea probably was n't rigged either . 
  it is n't that bad , there are tens of millions of people in the usa who identify as being of irish origin . 
  that 's , like , objectively ugly . 
  you just pulled that out of your ass , did n't you ? 
  [ the sun never sets on the aldi s\u00fcd empire ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/aldi_world_map.png ), 
  as a student i was living in a dorm apartment where most of the people were from the prekmurje region of slovenia . 
  when they were talking to each other , i understood very little of what they were saying . 
  those fuckers are actually able to speak proper slovenian , but as soon as they are in the majority , they switch to their god forsaken dialect . 
  hodor !, 
   yes , by convoluted turn of events germany again is becoming the top anti-semitic country in europe is n't france far worse ? 
  i hate the way merkel failed to manage the refugee crisis as much as the next guy , but most of the bullies in this case were probably here before that . 
  but that 's its main advantage , it is more efficient because it makes ( at least most of the time ) the change in leadership that would naturally occur in any case less chaotic and destructive . 
  but mostly bigger . 
  when one party criticizes another one for doing what it has done itself , pointing out the hypocrisy is not whataboutism . 
  yeah , why did they make his face look all retarded ? 
  i 'd say that in stem , there is a really high correlation between academic and real world success . 
  if someone is a very good student in any stem field you can be sure he is capable and he will probably make a good engineer . 
   if i 'm ever allowed to have a child why would n't you be allowed ? 
  if your love for pizza has no bounds , you can already assault the delivery guy and take the pizzas from him . 
   lloret de mar god , that place is shady as fuck . 
  i think he 's from that other country , you know , the one where they speak brazilian . 
   i like calling lithuanians fucking retards and i like to call both your languages balto-slavic . 
  in slovenia , it has historically been seen as bread for poor people who could n't afford the proper white bread . 
  but of course , now you have people here who feel all smug about eating it ( they believe it 's `` healthy '' and `` traditional '' ) . 
  i refuse to believe it actually tastes better to anyone , though . 
  there is only one reality , you know . 
  it has always been a poor country compared to most of europe . 
   i mean which high product do you think of when you hear `` made in austria '' i hear they make some pretty good soundproof cellars . 
  well his country is already a superpower with gdp comparable to the entire eu . 
  it does n't need to join something like the eu . 
  i always get the urge to say it about croatia , but i usually resist it so as to not annoy croatian redditors too much . 
  and best in europe at jpeg artifacts . 
  \\  uk \\  lowest homicide rates have shows like midsomer murders been lying to me ? 
   and if you really think there are no anti-semites or nazi movements about , then you are ignorant i never said there are n't . 
  but the number of people who support them is much smaller than the number of far right people in weimar germany , and the other circumstances that have made it possible for the nazis to get into power are n't present either . 
  and if you think that the situation today is anything like it was in weimar germany , you do n't know much about history . 
  it 's a good thing that the people from 1940 ca n't hurt him now . 
  one of the girls posing next to the ship is clearly a western spy . 
  [ like this ? 
  well yeah , the most rational reaction is to just wait and not make conclusions until there 's enough evidence . 
  but to attack people who assume it 's islamic terrorism as though that was the most unreasonable assumption in the world is just ridiculous . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's actually called wine everywhere in the british isles . 
  as opposed to your delicious [ diethylene glycol wine ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1985_diethylene_glycol_wine_scandal ), 
  hungarians confirmed barbarian hordes . 
  with an attack like that , there is a high probability that it is in fact islamic terrorism . 
  and pretending that 's not true is being in denial . 
   join isis today . 
  make the calpihate great again . 
  behead british soldiers and bomb london man , you really are trying to get on some list , are n't you ? 
  and at that time , too , there were people who thought that european men had become too soft . 
  it 's actually glorious 47km of coast . 
  judging by the porn stars , i 'd say you have some very fine kurwas indeed . 
  you do n't go just a few kilometers of the libyan coast and let some non profit pick you up ? 
  are you some kind of amateurs or something ? 
  you seem to be easily enraged . 
  but than again , that 's not really unusual for a christian . 
  always whining about how people do n't respect their belief in nonsensical fairy tales . 
  yes , but the word commie is just short for communist , it does n't imply being under stalin 's control . 
  stop giving him false hope , you monster . 
   or germany would do that well , not in our time anyway . 
  from `` the coming of the third reich '' , talking about the election campaign for the 1933 german federal election ( the one after the reichstag fire ) :  the nazi newspaper reported that a worker had been arrested for distributing a social democratic election leaflet ; such activities on behalf of the social democrats and the communists were forbidden , it announced, 
  i 'm actually against conscription ( in our current circumstances ) but i agree with the part of / u/alas7er 's post i 've quoted in the sense that * if * there was a conscription , its aim should be to teach people military skills ( to make them more useful in case of a large scale future war ) , and not to get them to `` experience a military life '' .
