  those scandinavian tribesmen are all the same . 
  just slightly different variants of danes , really . 
   warm summer days can reach 20 -- 25 \u00b0 c that 's not `` flipping hot '' , mate . 
  and also : no jobs in romania . 
  even though the map 's author tried to withhold that information . 
  i can see how germans would n't like it , it is very un-german . 
  no ordnung whatsoever . 
   they often mean nothing and made the way authors want them to make , without any serious meaning that 's especially true for this one . 
  it 's like they just picked some random unrelated criteria and gave it a nice sounding name . 
  if members of parliament would be sanctioned for challenging what is currently illegal , nothing that is illegal could ever be made legal . 
  and why is there le pen in the eu parliament ? 
  well , they are also physically weaker than men , but i do n't see what either of those two things has to do with equal pay in jobs which are not physical labor ( so the majority of jobs ) . 
  no , to you it is . 
  libertarian can mean the opposite of authoritarian , and that meaning of the word is widely accepted . 
  see for example https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_compass . 
   shothead i do n't think that 's a word . 
  well if you know the language , but not perfectly , then it really is easier to understand it if the other person talks slowly and loudly . 
  does n't it also mean sick in serbo-croatian ? 
   it 's saying belgians know how to fix the problems that are unique to belgium yeah , i do n't think belgium is the best example for that . 
   eu states have existed for millennia as independent nations that 's not true . 
  most european nation states did n't exist even just 300 years ago . 
   with their own languages many of the european languages did n't really exist 1000 years ago . 
  the ones that did were nothing like their current versions . 
  of course making it an hour long lesson would be impractical , but would n't having dedicated school days for it work ? 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  but then i think it would be better to just include some military training as a part of high school , as someone has already suggested in this comment section . 
  the probability of something actually happening is always of consequence . 
  yeah , but the probability that such a person exists is far higher among islamists than it is among pvv supporters . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_linked_to_isil ) . 
  the pvv does n't recruit people to fight for their cause using violence . 
  and i 'm sure that a very tiny minority of pvv voters approves of the murder of joe cox . 
  yeah , the difference is that threats from the islamists are more credible . 
  the rich countries could n't just decide to do that by themselves . 
   but for a small country facing a large threat that does n't work i agree , i 'm just not sure that sweden is at that point right now . 
   month was during the height of the cold war , when we had a massive defence and one of the largest airforces around and when the soviet union was a superpower . 
  the society should force people to do certain things , but only when those things are very important to the society and when there is no other acceptable solution . 
  and having an educated population is hugely important , and if you want to have everyone educated at least to some basic level , there really is no alternative to making primary education mandatory . 
  there is another difference between conscription and mandatory primary education . 
  mandatory education concerns children , who are not mature enough to be able bear responsibility for their decisions , and it 's in child 's best interest . 
  because they ca n't decide for themselves , it must be decided on their behalf . 
  and because education is so beneficial to them , the decision should be that they should indeed get education . 
  in most matters , such decisions are the responsibility of the parents and not the state , but the state does have the right to step in and protect the child 's interests when the parents are unfit for parenting . 
  and i 'd say that ignoring the huge benefits that education will bring to their children is enough to qualify them as such . 
  in contrast , serving in the army is not beneficial for most people who get conscripted and even if it was , those people are adults and are able to make their own decisions and are responsible for those decisions . 
   not everything in this world you can have a choice about well i 'm not saying that you do n't have any responsibilities to the society or that you should never be forced to do anything . 
  when the country really needs huge numbers of solders , having conscription is a perfectly valid solution . 
  but to have the state randomly select 4000 people just because the politicians are too incompetent to create conditions in which that number of people would join voluntarily is beyond ridiculous . 
  if there 's only a need for a tiny fraction of the population to serve , then it 's much better to have all of the citizens fulfill their responsibility through paying taxes , which can then be used to compensate the relatively small number of people that are needed in the military fairly enough that they sign up voluntarily . 
  that way , the system wo n't be unfair to anyone and you 'll get much more motivated and capable solders . 
   is a more basic skill than reading not in this civilization it is n't . 
  having an eu army would solve that nicely . 
  then wealthier members could provide more funds and less wealthy members could provide more manpower . 
  i 'm sure you 'd have no problem finding people willing to be professional solders in , for example , poland , if they were paid german salaries . 
   hell , if people are so in favor of serving in the military , a volunteer system should give you plenty of manpower , right yeah , they are actually in favor of * other * people serving in the military . 
  when you say `` strictly typed '' , do you mean `` strongly typed '' or `` statically typed '' or `` statically typed without type inference '' ? 
  and when you say `` inferred type '' , do you mean `` dynamically typed '' or `` statically typed with type inference '' ? 
  i think it is beneficial to have separate literals for integer and floating point types both in dynamically typed languages and in statically typed ones with type inference . 
  that 's because you need some way to specify a type when specifying a value in those languages , and having separate literals is the most concise way to do that . 
  they are not that important to have in a statically typed language without type inference ( and without overloading ) since you are forced to specify types explicitly in those languages anyway . 
  i really ca n't respond to the last part of your comment properly without you clarifying the terms , so i 'll just say this : if the design of a language fits its intended application well , then that design is sensible by definition . 
  there 's nothing sensible about not having at least one integer type . 
  it may be personal preference . 
  at work , we have jura impressa f50 and the coffee it makes tastes worse than the one from a moka pot to me . 
  before that we had some cheaper saeco and the coffee it made was god-awful ( we once offered it to some italian customers , they refused to drink it ) . 
  but the machines you 've linked seem to be semi-automatic and the ones i 've used were all automatic . 
  does that make a significant difference ? 
  maybe , but he was asking about a home expresso machine that is more on the affordable side of the market . 
  and machines that fit that description will make way worse coffee than a moka pot . 
   it is a clear sign that something went horribly wrong . 
  could be potato that got cold and was reheated , for example . 
  you forgot to discuss the pathetic cucumber ( maybe ? ), 
  thing on the right . 
  it looks like the cook had diarrhea . 
  you think people should be punished for tweeting violent images ? 
  not everyone you disagree with is far right wing , you know . 
  i think he 's just doing a [ steve ballmer ] ( https://youtu.be/i14b-c67exy?t=12 ) impersonation . 
  then they 'd find another way to humiliate you , until you could n't pretend you 're just having some fun with them . 
  nope , i guess they respect themselves well enough . 
  cunts like that tend to think very highly of themselves . 
  no , just being a fucking cunt . 
  they do n't do that because they somehow lack education , they do it because they enjoy making other people suffer . 
   who is the victim ? 
  the guy who got bagels put on his head and then later started shouting and acting aggressively in return yes , the guy who is minding his own business until he starts getting harassed by tens of annoying cunts . 
  i 'd say both are great . 
  that sounds like a * really * lame excuse . 
  yep , exactly as i thought . 
  a chocolate snob . 
  but only one of them is with lepinja , as god intended . 
  so there 's a schwa in between ? 
  i do n't know of any other way to pronounce bitch without the `` i '' . 
   understand the reality you can understand the reality without talking shit about someone who just got beheaded by jihadis , you know . 
   he did n't say he deserved it . 
  his reaction to the beheading was disdain for the victim . 
  the act itself does n't seem to bother him much . 
  i 'd say that 's more than a little twisted . 
  i generally do n't like that phrase , but this really is some incredible victim blaming . 
  i think you 're talking to a chocolate snob who thinks that chocolate should have cocoa content of at least 99.99 %, 
  not only is it an issue , it makes humanitarian crises inevitable . 
  if there is a region where people keep having five children or more , most of them will die ( if you average over a long enough time ) before they are old enough to reproduce themselves . 
  there may be times when most children survive , but if people keep having large numbers of children during those times , population will increase exponentially until it leads to a severe overpopulation , eventually resulting in epidemics , famine or war .
