  no * true * jew wears hugo boss . 
  that only contradicts / u/marinuso if you assume that list of kinds of crimes is exhaustive , which it probably is n't , given the large number of arrest warrants . 
  where do you live now ? 
  did i miss a coup ? 
  exactly as pretentious as one would expect . 
  say what you want about the nazis , but they did know how to do interior design . 
  man , that street looks downright flooded . 
  do you happen to know what the amount of rainfall was , and over what period of time ? 
   finally !, 
  we are n't the worst !, 
  are you usually the worst ? 
  is n't that reserved for greece ? 
  a very small percentage of people in europe can buy a home without taking a credit . 
  he probably just got confused because the distance mentioned was 300m , and the speed of sound is around 340 ** m/s ** . 
  but really , the speed needed to fire a projectile over that distance is much smaller . 
  if you fire it at a 45 degree angle and if you can ignore drag , then the speed needed to fire a projectile over that length is about 55 m/s . 
  whether you can ignore drag or not depends on the shape and density of the projectile . 
  if a projectile is , for example , a 90kg lead sphere , then drag probably is n't very significant . 
  or is it just a weirdly shaped island surrounding another island ? 
  tides are n't really that high in the adriatic sea . 
  if your goal was to stir up drama , you should have chosen another photo . 
  this part of the gulf was never disputed . 
   well , that 's weird , because they do n't seem to have abortions in africa ah yes , we should model our society on the shining example that is africa . 
  not quite like 1984 , but it is very much anti free speech . 
  and i 'm sure facebook will pay much attention to nuance when it risks high fines for not swiftly deleting posts , and no consequences for wrongly deleting them . 
   i 'm not lying yes , you clearly are . 
  there is no indication that slovenia bribed the judges . 
   slovenia has never fought for anything i asked you to stop lying about bribing the judges . 
  how is your reply relevant to that ? 
   this is nothing for us and yet you act so very offended and upset . 
  well , at least people like the one i was responding to here do . 
   you tried to bribe the judges stop lying , please . 
  well , we did let you join the eu . 
  show some gratitude . 
  stop lying , please . 
   go cry to german overlords but i thought you [ loved them ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq ), 
  i do n't think what slovenia did here is ok , but if croatia was illegally surveilling the judges or had someone else do it for them , that is n't ok either . 
   the same thing was offered to them in the early 90s source pls . 
   nice way of making slovenia look like the one ring from lord of the rings well some of them do like to call it zlovenija . 
  i would n't say these two threads are exactly tame . 
  there are at least two real retards on croatian side . 
  i know , i 've listened to the tapes , but i 'm wondering why so many croats seem to think there was bribery . 
  come on , surely your population is n't that stupid ? 
   practical issues mostly once croatia joins shengen , most of that will be solved . 
   no one offered any money to judges seriously , was bribing judges falsely reported in croatian media ? 
  i see it repeated here all the time . 
   if it 's been compromised in your favor once , who 's to say it wo n't be again the slovenian judge was doing something that was against the rules without the knowledge of other judges and has since been removed and replaced with a judge that does n't have ties to slovenia . 
  i do n't see how we would be able to compromise the court in our favor again . 
   in both cases were just pulling dick out of their pants and showing them they block because they can no , we really do want that sea access and that 's why we blocked them . 
  we do have some right wing idiots ( 20 % of the population or so ) who may have felt good about blocking croatia , but the majority of the population would prefer us not having to do that . 
  you did n't consider it a good enough deal . 
  i can understand that . 
  but do n't claim that croats `` would n't bother '' about objecting to a deal that was n't good for you . 
  you were clearly determined to get a good deal for yourself even before the accession blockade . 
  slovenia forced the part of the dispute that is the most relevant to its interests to be mentioned in the arbitration agreement ? 
  shock horror !, 
   and it will never be solved it could be solved some day . 
  i mean , it would have been solved now if not for the collusion scandal . 
   croats would n't bother if they thought the dispute was solved in a just and civil manner then why did n't your parliament ratify drnovsek-racan agreement ? 
  it does have a nationalistic component in slovenia as well , although it has become less pronounced over the years . 
   does n't croatia have hundreds of nautical miles of coastline thousands , actually . 
  they did n't dismiss the croatian judge , he resigned . 
  i do n't know why , but i always find balkan drama more entertaining than other kinds of drama . 
  it was probably a joke about how small the area is . 
  i 'd think that you , as a croat , would appreciate this kind of a joke . 
  you really do hate us , do n't you , / u/leteceovce ? 
  they tell me something about the person using them , yes . 
   also that girl must have had balls of steel i really doubt that . 
  girls generally do n't have balls . 
  also , balls are n't made out of metal . 
  and in south park it 's actually used to mock trump and his followers . 
  well he did n't call all croats are nationalist , only / u/trogz1 , and he clearly is a nationalist . 
  wait , you were n't planning to be arguing here for the next 24h ? 
  we 're finally getting istria , boys !, 
  now you 're making me confused . 
   i guess you can explain that it was a magic spell to make them stop and absorb impacts but i still think that 's a cheap explanation no , it 's perfectly logical . 
  a sudden deceleration can kill people because the force that causes it acts on the surface of the body , causing tissue to compress and deform because the parts of the body that the force operates on move at different velocities than the other parts . 
  their velocities eventually equalize due to internal forces caused by the deformations . 
  the deformations are what causes the damage that can lead to death . 
  but there is no reason why the magical force should work like that . 
  instead of acting on the surface of the body , it could act on each particle with a force that is proportional to the particles mass , similar to gravity . 
  then all the particles in the body would decelerate at the same rate and so their relative positions would stay the same and there would be no internal forces and deformations and therefore no damage . 
   as in it 's already happened , but we do n't know for certain if it constitutes a notable quarrel i assume he actually meant something closer to :  given that croatia had a notable quarrel with slovenia over something much less significant during their eu campaign , we can expect this fight to be much more complicated . 
  you really should n't be assuming that google translate is 100 % perfect . 
   but yeah that blitzkrieg was effective but those jokes are about that blitzkrieg , not about french collaboration . 
  i assume they wanted to pick something that looks really unappealing . 
  the point was to show european food , not ottoman food . 
  you brits are proving yourself to be real canned beans connoisseurs in this thread . 
  maybe they just used the price of the ingredients . 
  according to wikipedia , a typical serving of cotton candy weighs 30g , consisting of `` almost 99.999 percent sugar , with dashes of flavoring and food coloring . '' . 
  so that would mean that the ingredients are indeed very cheap . 
  yep . 
  imagine how reach you 'd be if you had a billion euros . 
  now imagine * twice * as much money . 
  your number of coins that fit in that volume is wrong . 
  it 's actually 72.5 m , not 7.25 m. 
  but your number of trucks needed to fit those coins by volume is correct . 
  the number of trucks needed to cary their weight is 283 , according to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6jrnne/eu_antitrust_regulators_hit_google_with_record/djh39v1/ ) comment . 
  only if you think that dying makes you more prominent .
