  it just looks like an act , the guy does n't look like he truly believes what he is saying . 
  it 's actually because there is n't that much wind in slovenia , but please carry on with your ridiculous stereotypes . 
  all birds are assholes . 
  those fuckers will shit anywhere . 
  wanting to breathe makes you an industrialist ? 
  we would n't trust a shifty southerner with our packages . 
  seriously , taking it into the car , but not letting it go to the tropical iceland , wtf ? 
  does she expect it to just sit in the car while everyone else enjoys on the waterslides ? 
   fuck them , their whole families or whatever they form , and their dead wasp relatives and the ones that are yet to be born , or however the fuck wasps come into being . 
   and there really is n't a thing such as `` normal '' finnish that we can all agree on . 
  nah , plenty of photos and videos of naked people on the internet . 
   some allow gay marriage , others do n't  some allow abortion on request , some do n't . 
  a federation does n't necessarily mean those things would need to be uniform . 
  they are n't uniform inside the usa , for example . 
  then we 'd be in the balkans . 
  this way , we separated ourselves from it . 
  it seems like you can not into can into . 
   zero fucks given to its physical geography that 's because us and the serbs put our money together and paid the dutch to do the job . 
  he clearly meant a job application . 
   technically the euro already is a polymer you mean because cellulose is a polymer or am i missing something ? 
   plus , how do you snort coke with a debit card ? 
  you can still use it to shape lines . 
  you are rambling , mate . 
  you wo n't get these flowers , you hairy little fuck !, 
  beacause they are reasonable people . 
  it 's the wild eastern europeans , obviously ,, 
   * honorary gypsies * ftfy . 
  just natural selection at work . 
  that 's some grat polandball speak . 
  i do drink coca cola zero and its taste is passable , but it is very much different from the one with actual sugar in it . 
   is n't this what we 've been doing to china for decades ? 
  with `` china towns '' and `` little asia '' districts ? 
  these things are actually done by the chinese . 
   but i think a psychologist would be more suitable to give verdicts though would you also be saying that if the person in question was male ? 
   i think her case is similar based on what exactly ? 
  it could be that she just enjoys killing infidels . 
  chavs do n't ? 
  but how can mastercards be made from finns if our eyes are n't made from finns ? 
  the electronics inside it can likely withstand higher temperatures than the plastic . 
  i , for one , value our verbal smack down traditions . 
  also , oluja was genocide gib istra . 
   taken on a walk are you a dog or something ? 
   not something i 'd wish to eat as it messes up your immune system ... 
  but on the other hand , it does make you perform really well on horse races . 
   it sounds like existence rather than normal life you 're god damn right it does . 
  if that 's what you find most annoying about near 40 degrees heat , then you tolerate heat unusually well . 
  i 'm guessing that 's because it 's an island . 
  the other countries need to be distorted so that there is no overlap and no blank space between the borders . 
  cyprus has no land borders , so it can keep its shape . 
  it could be based on area multiplied with gdp per capita . 
   's like being punished for saying . . `` almost 3000 people died on 9/11 '' it 's more like saying `` arabs killed 3000 people on 9/11 '' . 
  nice translation of `` butthurt '' . 
  it also makes it harder for the government to keep your kids save . 
  plus you get a helicopter ride back . 
  than that 's you own problem , is n't it ? 
   sometimes i think this may be a remnant of their naturist/hippie youth times it could also be due to old people not giving a fuck . 
  if we only go by this map , it could still have up to 90 % soul . 
  jpeg is real . 
  the swastika was very much seen as a nazi symbol at the time . 
  by flying it , you were showing support for the regime . 
   i do n't understand how they were n't dripping with sweat and have swamp ass-stained pants constantly they probably did . 
   payed it 's * paid * . 
  you know what 's even more convenient ? 
  putting spaces between those words , so that one can actually read them . 
   netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz i was going to call bullshit on this , but [ apparently ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz ) , it 's a real word . 
  your language never ceases to amaze me . 
   why is this needed ? 
  an attempt to civilize the eastern lands , duh . 
  man , you have way too much j in your language . 
  that is only interesting if you have a tradition of putting a policeman in it and then burning it . 
  so , talking while drinking your beer is now problematic ? 
   this is just another occasion for / r/europe rightwing free speech circle jerk i find it really fucking amazing that some people think that defending free speech and personal liberties is somehow rightwing . 
   but they are n't . 
  source , please . 
  by that standard , you could n't compare the nazis themselves to the nazis until 1940 or so . 
  i just wanted to point that out , i 'm not saying spd is anything like the nazis . 
  either contribute to the discussion , or stop whining . 
  in my local bar , all guests are welcome unless they misbehave . 
   and do n't have any group in there with which nobody wants to share the room with and how do you propose one should achieve that , by denying service to some groups of people ? 
  that is illegal in most civilized countries . 
  sheeple . 
  me , i blame the illuminati . 
  nazism is dead in germany , but some of the attitudes that allowed it to take power seem to be alive and well . 
  this whole affair sounds like something from 1933 . 
  fucking horrible . 
   which you should consider to be your first language condescension is real . 
  i 'm guessing no one over there in ireland speaks `` irish '' either . 
   you consider skyler having an affair as immoral bad example.she annoys me so much that i find her very existence immoral . 
  i think her face is an affront to all that is good and decent in the world . 
  to be fair , asking someone to find austria on the map of europe is a trick question . 
  it is n't even on the same hemisphere , ffs !, 
  comes from the name of the river , as the legend says . 
  what 's so strange about that ? 
  it 's supposed to be 37 \u00b0 c here next week . 
  i 'm wondering if i should just kill myself now . 
  that just is n't true . 
  the one in question did n't cause any deaths . 
  people are annoyed because they see them as a huge circle jerk , and so they form their own counter circle jerk . 
  looks like a giant space jellyfish . 
  the title makes it sound like the commission wants to end democracy in poland .
