  today you learned . 
  it 's useful to know this stuff if you decide to visit eu . 
  i do , and i think poland should really come to terms with its nazi past . 
  when there is an attacker with a knife , there is always an imminent danger to someone 's life . 
  this situation went very well , but it could have gone differently . 
  they clearly are n't . 
  so you think we should appease every wannabe dictator so that he does n't say unpleasant things to us ? 
  nah , it 's [ boring ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvwfhbbkxog ) . 
  but taxation is stealing !, 
  netherlands is merely helping honest , hard working corporations keep what is rightfully theirs . 
  he is either trolling or delusional . 
  besides , not every slovenian citizen is a native slovene speaker . 
   visible ( ! ), 
  hangover ... curled up into fetal position sounds like those people were suffering horribly . 
  reminds me of sds in 2008 . 
  i do n't think 50 eur will be enough for a bagger 288 . 
  i do n't think that he was implying that . 
  it 's just that italy has some of the most attractive tourist destinations in the world and lithuania does n't . 
  i think hate towards tourists is the most pure and irrational form of xenophobia . 
  it 's hating people just for being in your area while not belonging to your community , when they clearly do n't harm it and even massively contribute to its economy . 
  and fuck the inhabitants of your city that work in tourism , right ? 
  i am 31 actually . 
  and yes , a 16 year old is not an adult , but not a child either . 
  a 16 year old is not a child . 
   i am british , not european . 
  wait , so [ physical brexit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnusivd239o ) is real ? 
   because `` alcoholics '' are people , man . 
  well , how else are they going to make their `` soylent green '' specialty ? 
  never . 
  pc master race all the way . 
  that may be true , but it is n't really relevant to the holocaust . 
  i would guess not , as it is close enough to the truth . 
  while `` almost completely assimilated '' may be putting it too strongly , they were well integrated into german society and generally considered themselves german in addition to jewish . 
  they were far more integrated than for example jews in poland . 
  i can see how some could find it inappropriate or offensive , but purely from a humor point of view , that is a pretty good joke . 
  you seem to have severe issues with your sarcasm detector . 
  your reply is completely unrelated to the parent comment . 
   you definitely should watch and read less propaganda pamphlets and have more talk with real people probably would n't help . 
  people like that usually hate because they want to hate , not because they have been manipulated . 
   you all share criminal mindset . 
  this comment would get deleted if it was about any other demographic . 
  apparently people here are too uptight to appreciate a good joke . 
  i agree with your comment , but i think we should n't be allowing in more people who are unlikely to integrate . 
   and please note that holocasut started in germany not in poland it was started in poland , actually , but of course the germans were reponsible . 
  this is quite bizarre . 
  i like it . 
  when i read comments like this , it always amazes me how little some people value freedom . 
  this is some scam level exchange rate . 
  [ this part ] ( https://youtu.be/wdqayc1sr7g?t=15 ) of the video is how i imagine / u/executivemonkey ( though i suspect the aks may be un-american ) . 
  you just did . 
  the red bars are small , so clearly people who are worried about disproportionate numbers in some populations are overreacting . 
  let me give you another example . 
  in caracas in 2016 , 0.13 % of people were murdered , which is negligible compared to 99.87 % of people who were not murdered . 
  clearly crime problem in caracas is insignificant , folks !, 
  i get you are trying to push an agenda here , but having hundreds of people per 100k per year in certain populations suspected of rape is still abnormal and worrying . 
   does n't tell shit about actual crimes committed i 'm sure there is no correlation . 
  it 's a good thing that it was n't [ a hamburger . 
  ] ( http://www.whoisthemonkey.com/videos/19/david-hasselhoff-drunk-full-video ), 
  it 's a one hour drive from vienna to bratislava . 
  it makes no sense to fly between those cities , in either direction . 
  it looks like everyone needs to [ step up their game . 
  ] ( https://stronglifts.com/gomad-8-common-mistakes-you-must-avoid/ ), 
   and your grandma . 
  you take that back !, 
  / u/yuropman 's grandma did n't rape anyone . 
  because you need to cleanse your nation of the disease that the world jewry has infected it with ? 
  i do n't think you get this whole nazi thing . 
  when it comes to this topic , reality is ugly . 
  15 years worth of savings is not `` pocket change '' . 
  quick , give him a nobel peace price before he does !, 
  i must say , as a farmer , i 'm not too pleased about that . 
  catholic paedophile scandals really are n't limited to germany . 
  have you been living under a rock or something ? 
  i 'd probably gtfo . 
  i imagine they 're like [ this guy ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1ac9yt316pw/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  just stop producing hypertension medication and let mother nature do its thing . 
  at the beginning of the migrant crisis it was generally assumed that most of them are syrian refugees , and i have heard claims that they are generally well educated many times . 
  the `` rocket engineers '' part is an exaggeration , but the more common `` doctors and engineers '' is n't . 
   china does not have this problem it indeed does n't have a problem with voters meddling with their policies . 
  it was just a joke , mate . 
  he may be too young to remember that . 
  i 'm making you feel old now , are n't i ? 
  also genetics , obviously . 
   people of color are just more intelligent he did n't imply that at all . 
  he said that non eu immigrants in his country are on average more educated , which could be due to their immigration system not letting in less educated people from outside of the eu , while they have to let in everyone from within the eu due to freedom of movement . 
  yeah , i wonder why people do n't find it cool to have political propaganda shoved down their throats before every phone call . 
  apparently , some of them already do . 
   hit the breakfast buffet like we were about to enter rationing . 
  i really do n't think that behavior is limited to germans . 
  it 's a universal pensioner trait . 
   i mean nearly all germans reserve places , that is something very german there is no such thing as `` reserving places '' with towels in most european countries . 
  it may be a `` very german '' thing , but that obviously does n't imply that it is appropriate to do it outside of germany . 
   which is true everywhere definitely not true where i live , and i would guess many european countries . 
  where do you live ? 
   they hate those who hate them but why would cyclists an vegetarians hate poland ? 
  this guy looks like he 's gon na kill someone . 
  why is the `` opinion piece '' tag necessary ? 
  opinion piece articles are common enough , it 's not in any way unusual . 
   `` a place where you go hunting '' a hunting ground . 
  whoever has taken the photo has probably printed it himself .
