  you know , do n't run red lights on busy crossroads , do n't cross roads in random places by just rushing into dense traffic , do n't crash into other bikes , the usual . 
  but no one sticks to traffic rules in amsterdam . 
  to fight sexism , of course . 
  i 've ones seen a female physics student do a seminar on `` physics of cooking '' . 
  she has chosen that topic on her own and seemed to be quite enthusiastic about it . 
  or maybe you do n't have a sense of humor . 
  better get your flip-flops ready . 
  also to be able to have made up letters in his name without people daring to call him out on it . 
   annexed to lessen border-gore , then it 's trieste seems like a pretty good idea to me . 
  but imagine the border gore if you only annexed federation of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  man , you put way too much effort in this . 
  me , i just look at the thumbnail . 
   because ~ ~ it brings ~ ~ some people associate it with discipline , decency , etc ftfy, 
  well , they do kill birds . 
  innocent , pretty birds that have the right to fly freely . 
  also that nuclear energy in general is harmful . 
  but why would they do that ? 
  german shepherd best shepherd . 
  my god , even the police dogs have turned gay in sweden . 
  but why would you deny / u/charmack90 the pleasure of checking your cock ? 
  but we are not talking about circumcisions that are done for medical reasons by the way , i was circumcised for medical reasons at age 16 and it really is n't that big a deal . 
   but i 'm thinking as long as it can not be stopped , the number of circumcisions can not be controlled , circumcisions should be done by people actually , it can be stopped . 
  just make it so that the people who do those surgeries and the parents who consent to them get long prison sentences . 
   just stepping back and letting it carry on is like legalising all drugs because people will use any old in this case , it would be more like legalising injecting your infant with drugs for religious reasons . 
   the gender fluid , non-binary , you mean the gender-bender two spirits ? 
  because : 1 . 
  we do n't really care that much . 
  if we do that without following up on it , something just as bad will pop up . 
  this idiom is pretty common and most people in this sub know english pretty well . 
  i 'd say he must be pretty capable at least in some way . 
  it 's very rare that someone manages to pull something like that off all by himself . 
  but slovenian minority in croatia is really very small - 10.5 k in 2011 census . 
  well they can know the signal power that they transmit , so they can know the upper limit for how loud the earphones are , if the earphones do n't have their own amplifier . 
   part 2 since i passed the 10k limit and you still did n't get the hint that you need to calm down ? 
  but what if they send one of their own to infiltrate you and make * you * anschluss * them * using your strong military ? 
  also , austria is still separated from the fatherland . 
   and only for high rise construction well the building in question * was * a high rise construction , so using that material on it would have been banned in germany . 
  a fire seems like a perfect opportunity to blame whomever you do n't like . 
  i 'm waiting for it to be blamed on the communists and the jews . 
  i do n't get it . 
  appropriate user name . 
  nice , i see you 've integrated perfectly . 
   beheaded by an angry mod i knew the mods are nazis , but i did n't know they behead people too . 
  yeah , but if she only threatened to do those things , she might get the pm to do what she wants . 
  yep , if a german reproduced with somebody that white , it would be practically incest . 
  you need to lighten up . 
  i would n't want to have these two as my neighbors . 
  lmao , saved . 
  kinder having fun ? 
  is verboten !, 
  must follow ze rules und destroy ze toy . 
  for sake of ordnung . 
  if you base your ideology on mein kampf , but you interpret it differently , then you should n't be surprised that people associate you with nazism . 
  in this case explicitly distancing yourself from the nazis would make sense . 
  most of the time it is just asshole deserving a ticket , but serious crime under diplomatic immunity happens often enough as well . 
  but of course , the huge influx of migrants could cause jihadi terrorist waves in the future . 
  there could be some international body which would be able to grant diplomatic immunity on a case by case basis . 
  not only is it abuse prone , it is being abused constantly . 
   we have to tolerate some assholes i guess that 's one way of saying `` let some people kill our citizens with impunity . '', 
  i 've only ever heard of one such case before and that one did result in death . 
   i 'd flood vojvodina to get a sea make [ panonian sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pannonian_sea ) great again ? 
  freedom of religion means to tolerate other religious views , if by `` tolerate '' you mean not legislate it or persecute it . 
  it does not mean that you should n't criticize it . 
  whenever i see children in catholic religious stuff , i think molestation . 
   nazis did n't start out aiming to commit genocide against any groups [ well , they did plan to starve 30 million eastern europeans to death before the invasion of the soviet union . 
  \\  knocked out by leaflets this woman has a paper chin . 
  it 's not really that big a deal . 
  you sound like you think we 're talking about nukes or something . 
  that guy is excited like a kid in an amusement park . 
  cute . 
  no , it 's just that your whining annoys me . 
  i do n't actually know what the thread was about , since most of the comments are removed now . 
  if you have such a low opinion of it , then just do n't use it . 
   ethnicity x are dirty people . 
  does n't sound like a very left activisty thing to say . 
   besides , what are other big issues slovenia is facing right now ? 
  well , not ustase , i can tell you that much . 
  wwii issues still come up in slovenian politics from time to time , but they are related to the partisans and our own colaborators , not ustase . 
  i 'd say the biggest issue that is specific to slovenia is corruption . 
  another big issue is rising inequality , but that is an issue everywhere . 
  as far as slovenian politics goes , i 'd say there are two issues with it . 
  one is that about 20 % of the electorate is completely and unconditionally devoted to a certain corrupt center right politician with authoritarian tendencies . 
  the other issue is that everyone is willing to ignore corruption of the politicians who are closest to them politically because `` the other side does it too '' and `` hey , it 's a politician , they 're all corrut , what did you expect ? 
   by ottoman culture which is really just arabic culture . 
  because ustase did n't have anything to do with slovenian history ? 
  i was disappointed . 
   i personally think that some aspects of what would be traditionally considered civil law in europe should be devolved to the religions as in asia i hope you are trolling . 
  so are you saying that muslims are second hand citizens in greece ? 
  in this case the rectangular shape of their country is right in the thumbnail . 
  it 's asking for it , really . 
  i agree that you should try your best to integrate the ones that are already in germany and that you ca n't deport . 
  but you should n't count on integration being a viable solution if the number of migrants increases dramatically . 
  we should do everything in our power to stop that from happening . 
   will help when global warming really hits africa and we get a lot more refugees so , if tens or even hundreds of millions of people decide they want to come to europe , your solution is to try to integrate them ? 
  it 's actually a [ shit rectangle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bpxf5tv.png ) . 
  it had a lot more lebensraum in 1942 , though . 
   some who had never shot a gun can you even become a german policemen without learning how to shoot ? 
  at least you are not complaining about kids not [ sitting in the yard with a fucking stick and digging a fucking hole . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sisbcitcbm ), 
  where are you from ?
