  yeah ? 
  what are you going to tell me next , that you are n't a bunch of unwashed pot smoking hippies ? 
  if you tried that in slovenia you 'd have a very real chance of getting attacked by the owner of one of the cars . 
  i 'm guessing that very much depends on the country . 
  the sun never sets on the european empire . 
  that 's what you think . 
  in reality , the russians have killed the queen and replaced her with an impostor , a russian spy . 
  but is n't nehterlands gay and vegan in addition to being cyclist ? 
   of eu shills well yeah , it is pretty federalist . 
   and immigrant lovers what are you smoking ? 
  so you actually want serbia to get what , bombed by nato ? 
  what a miserable piece of shit you are . 
  fuck , did they have to make it this ugly ? 
  i thought only estonia had delusions about being nordic . 
  they 'd get dragged into a nuclear winter nonetheless . 
   honestly the only nukes that scare me are the ones that might end up in the hands of terrorists what about that guy that is concerned about his precious bodily fluids ? 
  not having it makes you more of a target . 
  it also means that they ca n't preach at the homes of the people who actually want them to preach at their homes . 
  you sound like you are just looking for an excuse to be outraged . 
  inconvenient truths , eh ? 
  according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide#.22in_part.22 ) , something can only be classified as a genocide if a significant part of the group is destroyed . 
  in kosovo , there were targeted killings , but the number of people killed in that way was hundreds ( or at most a few thousand ) out of a population of almost two million . 
  those killings were horrible , inexcusable crimes , but the scale relative to the entire population size was not large enough to make the whole process a genocide . 
  they probably were a part of the plan to ethnically cleanse kosovo though , i am not disputing that . 
  your quote says that a schwa is necessary before any `` r '' that is not next to a vowel , but `` r '' in `` hren '' is next to vowel `` e '' . 
  in `` hren '' , there is clearly no schwa between `` h '' and `` r '' , just try to pronounce it and pay attention . 
  it is very different from , for example '' \u010drv '' , where a schwa between '' \u010d '' and `` r '' is very obvious . 
   ethnic cleansing is another word for it no , the words are not synonymous . 
  the main difference is that the genocide means destroying a certain group ( or a significant part of it ) , not just deporting it from a certain area . 
  here 's the un definition of genocide ( [ source ] ( http://www.un-documents.net/a3r260.htm ) ) :  in the present convention , genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such :  a. 
  killing members of the group ;  b. 
  causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ;  c. deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ;  d. imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ;  e. forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  yeah , but in this case there is no schwa . 
  [ like this ] ( https://instaud.io/ik9 ) . 
  no , why should it be ? 
  i 'm in ljubljana ( 295 m altitude ) right now and there is snow . 
  it snows here almost every winter . 
   that is genocide/forceful occupation i agree that the use of word `` liberate '' here is absurd . 
  but using the word genocide the way you do is also wrong . 
  the word has a very specific meaning and it is not interchangeable with forceful occupation , nor is it implied by it , neither in general nor in this specific case . 
  and mass expulsion of population is not genocide either , it is ethnic cleansing . 
  well , he said that serbia will not allow ( which could be understood as a threat of war ) an * armed attack * on serbs in kosovo and metohija . 
  now , if the albanians actually performed an armed attack on the serbian minority , then serbia declaring war on kosovo would n't be that strange . 
  what is odd , though , is him even talking about that , since the albanians did n't show any sign of wanting to attack the serbian minority . 
  they only responded to a serbian provocation in a pretty predictable way . 
  to me , it seems like vucic is trying to stir shit up here . 
  so you want to ban a news source without even being able to articulate a reason for that . 
   meanwhile , the 3rd largest party in the serbian parliament that makes it sound like they 're a significant party . 
  in reality , they have 22 seats in the parliament out of 250 . 
  also dark . 
  such is life in latvia . 
  is there no light in latvia or are you people still using camera phones from 2005 ? 
  is that tower tilted ? 
  that 's pretty childish . 
  a trojan train . 
  looks like eastern poland still needs some more investment . 
  350k people . 
  that 's a small city . 
  that 's some kristallnacht level anti-israel criticism . 
  now i know this will sound like a weird idea to you , but maybe you could just not set any building on fire ? 
  either that or he has something seriously wrong with him . 
  not exactly . 
  a cookie is a piece of data that that a website can store in your browser and can retrieve it when you request something from that website at a later time . 
  sure the website can set a cookie that it uses as an id into its database , helping it to retrieve and update data it stores about you , thus facilitating remembering things about you . 
  but that is not the only way to use cookies , and a website can remember things about you even without using cookies . 
  if you have a static ip , for example , this is trivial . 
  even if you have a dynamic ip , it is usually selected from a small range , which can help a lot in identifying you . 
  and even if your ip is not helpful at all , a website can often still uniquely identify you through something called device fingerprinting . 
  see for example https://panopticlick.eff.org ( click `` test me '' and then `` show full results for fingerprinting '' ) . 
  yeah , all the serb civilians who were forced to leave kosovo had totally had it coming . 
  do n't you know nucular power has like , xrays and stuff ? 
  looks like poland is even more underdeveloped than we have thought . 
  people here seem to have some bizarre obsession with flags . 
  nah , it 's just that you think way too highly about the general population . 
  then i guess i need to post [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/2tkmhep ) again . 
  are you saying that rs want to do that as a part of their desired secession ? 
  cause otherwise i really do n't see what that has to do with calling their desires for secession war-mongering . 
  so , because he thinks bosniaks will respond to serbs peacefully exercising their right to self determination with violence , he accuses serbs who want to exercise that right of war-mongering ? 
  i 've only started reading this one , but is it really worse than the one about decapitated turkish heads on coats of arms ? 
  wait , you 've spent 7 days in barcelona without seeing a single british tourist ? 
  why could n't rs just secede without changing its borders ? 
  so all of those places except for srebrenica would remain in bih . 
   yugoslavia ceased to exist when tito died so the legality is moot you are making absolutely no fucking sense . 
  god , make it stop, 
  it is not enough just to have a tool that computes your tax rate for you . 
  it must be possible for people to have some kind of intuitive understanding of how the taxes are distributed , since it 's the people who will ultimately decide whether they agree with changes to the tax system ( through the democratic process ) . 
  the way we compute taxes must be simple enough for most people to understand it . 
  complexity is certainly not a desired feature here . 
  it is possible to approximate any desired function mapping incomes to tax rates to an acceptable degree using a reasonable number of tax brackets , so i 'd say tax brackets do the job pretty well . 
  i 'm pretty sure that ministry of truth sounds as orwellian as it gets . 
  i think you 're on to a pretty nice conspiracy theory . 
   cats are solitary creatures and do n't need humans other than for feeding that 's only true for outdoor cats . 
  an indoor cat will need you to provide entertainment in addition to food . 
  it would n't be nearly as cute . 
  the breed is apparently called russian blue . 
  i think your cuteness sense is defective . 
  the 14 is more of an american thing though . 
  i did . 
  looks nice , but i do n't think i 'm gon na fly over the atlantic just to see that . 
  it looks like satire even before that .
