  there was no significant war here and we were only able to join in 2004 . 
  to me , he looks like he really needs to take a shit . 
   muslimish it 's * muslamic * . 
  your comment is completely worthless . 
  yeah , i think someone is jealous of her beautiful sisters . 
  yeah , but does it need to be this creepy for that ? 
  he looks like he got lost . 
  short guy detected . 
  why would you do that to a tea pot ? 
  it looks like this guy really likes armored vehicles . 
  we still need someone to bring up the rape capital . 
   what 's phony about britain and france fighting germany with half a million casualities what 's phony about it is the period when they were n't doing that , which is what the term phoney war referes to . 
  people have learned how bad ww1 was before that , you know . 
  most people really did n't want ww2 for that reason , even most germans , even many nazi supporters . 
  what 's the source for this data ? 
  i 'd really like to see the methodology that was used . 
  why are the people in the photo not dying ? 
   scandinavia let me guess , pineapple ? 
   padova has more sushis than kebabs , especially in the city centre there 's 6 of them and two kebabs then it must hold some kind of record on lowest density of kebab places . 
  let them eat cake !, 
  or huge , diarrhea ridden assholes . 
  toilets are devices used for disposing of shit , while the device in the photo spews shit all around . 
  i meant the percentage of the breading ( meaning crumbs and flour and eggs and whatever else it consists of combined ) in the entire fish stick ( meaning breading + filling ) . 
  yes , but what we are really interested in is the ratio of volumes of everything except breading , not the ratio of volumes of breading , so : r = ( v - t s_cz _ ) / ( v - t s_de _ ) this quantity obviously depends on the thickness . 
  if , for example , the thickness was close to zero , than this quantity would be close to one regardless of both surface areas ( s_cz _ and s_de _ ) . 
  an approximation of the above expression for small t would be : 1 - ( s_cz _ - s_de _ ) t / v so you can see that the difference between the ratio of non-crust volumes and one would actually be approximately proportional to thickness , as long as the crust is thin . 
  besides , a nazi state like sweden has no business accusing others of genocide . 
  your calculation does not take the thickness of the breading into account . 
  since the mass percentage of the breading will be proportional to its thickness ( as long as its thickness is small compared to the thickness of the fish sticks ) , you 're calculation is obviously useless . 
  you seem to think that assembling a computer implies bleeding . 
  it really is n't the case . 
  not at all freedomish of speech , actually . 
  i agree with your comment , but it is completely unrelated to the parent post . 
   i cant knkw what would happen in an alternate universe if the rate of development in other civilizations at that stage is anything to go by , than the answer to that would be : in a few centuries , not much . 
   the problem is never natural ressources . 
  there 's no real natural limit to population/density you just went full retard . 
  in fact , they wo n't need any money they have on them either , so you would do well to search their pockets . 
  i joke about the holocaust every chance i get , whether in this sub or not . 
   you 're not using the product of a meat-based system as a tool to end the system itself the guy in the photo is n't using the iphone to `` end the system itself '' , he is using it to take a selfie , presumably to promote himself and to stroke his own ego . 
  some nice banter right there . 
  it actually shows that the dutch wo n't let a bit of sea fuck with their plans . 
  you are completely missing the point , man . 
  he is using the child as an an example of something that most would agree has remained the same entity even though all of its individual parts have been replaced . 
  see [ the theseus 's paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ship_of_theseus ) . 
   it might surprise you but nobody believes that they riot `` for the greater good of society '' . 
  they do it for fun they can do it for fun while also believing that they do it for the greater good of society . 
   i have been asking since early 2000s from anarchists how are they going to deal with crime in anarchistic society that 's easy . 
  in anarchistic society , there will be no crime . 
  it will be perfect . 
  that 's kind of a point of a utopia . 
  he 's still a beauty compared to [ heinrich himmler ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/bundesarchiv_bild_183-s72707%2c_heinrich_himmler.jpg ) . 
  that 's 9 streets and 1 park more than there are in germany , named after hitler , for example . 
   i 'm sorry your country has to be shit dude that 's pretty rich coming from a turk at a time when turkey is under the erdogan regime . 
   textile functioning textule i dustry you need to sober up . 
   the men who are no terrified of fighting are either drunk , which is pretty easy to beat or the ones who have fought so much they are seeking a thrill i think you are missing one category . 
  men who are naturally very confident and have also never been in a fight ( or any kind of sparing ) and are thus overestimating themselves . 
   but they not are targeted for being young men yes , they are . 
  there 's plenty of males in their late teens/early twenties ( though it is a small percentage of all males of that age ) , who are looking to pick a fight in order to prove themselves . 
  those usually target other males their age and never women . 
  reluctance against violence towards women is deeply ingrained in most cultures and is probably even a natural instinct . 
   kondensator it 's called capacitor in english , just fyi . 
   you can reassemble the whole phone bit by bit in an hour tops . 
  same with a laptop that 's if you are doing it for the first time and need to check every step in some youtube video . 
   everyone else uses 100 % fake `` original apple '' parts if those exist for the model you have . 
  otherwise , you are pretty much fucked . 
  one time , i 've spilled a few drops of water on my apple laptop 's keyboard and that destroyed my ssd . 
  the ssd for that laptop was not in any standard format , it was just a few chips on a pcb with proprietary connectors . 
  i 've called the official apple repair shop and asked for a price of repair . 
  they said a new ssd would have cost 1000 eur ( about 2/3 of the price of the laptop ) . 
  i ended up buying a used ssd for 400 eur . 
  a comparable new standard ssd would have cost about 200 eur . 
  it 's called * polonology * and it 's a well respected discipline , god dammit . 
  i 'm sorry but it is n't nearly as cute as the flying squirrel . 
   how else can you control the disease spread you could just count on parents not being fucking idiots . 
  of course , that does n't work if many of the parents are fucking idiots . 
  you did n't miss much . 
  i suspect op is twelve . 
  good . 
   people dieing is bad and sure these people are idiots the problem here is that a child , who does n't have the capacity to make an informed decision on whether he wants to be vaccinated or not , may die due to his parents being idiots . 
  why should the parents have the absolute authority to make decisions that may cause their child to die ? 
  the child is not their property . 
   yes , but many atheists think it 's edgy to not call themselves atheist i think that actually , there are many atheists who think calling themselves atheist is * too * edgy . 
  now i want one . 
  when you successfully bribe a cop , then you know you 're in a real shithole . 
   what do you know of albanian cuisine ? 
  low quality burek , kebab and pizza slices . 
  usually low prices and sometimes open 24/7 , though . 
  so you are basing this on one photo of two girls ? 
  for fuck 's sake , you do n't even know whether they 're british . 
  germany is a pretty large country , i assume that temperature differences within it can be significant . 
  you say madman , some say great man who wants to show its greatness to the world . 
  i agree with you about the swastikas and the place being cramped , but the eagle really is impressive . 
  it was there just to rubber stamp nazi laws . 
  maybe he even uses an ig farben bathroom air freshener . 
  so , they took all the cool shit form something and then made it * bigger * . 
  what 's not to like ? 
   what would even be the purpose of such a huge building ? 
  show the greatness of the reich and its leader , of course . 
  i do n't think you get this whole nazi thing . 
  well , then you are obviously not a true jew .
