   if trotsky took power the ussr would have probably been weaker but have n't stalin 's purges significantly weakened the red army ? 
   they did n't liberate anyone , they conquered them well if it was n't for the red army , the entirety of europe would remain under nazi occupation , not just the eastern part . 
  you can get them into an even smaller house if you cremate them first . 
  franz ferdinand had it coming, 
  man , i fear there 's something wrong with your children . 
  austrians are known to raise their children in their basements . 
  also in slovenia . 
  this comment really deserves more upvotes . 
  mike tyson , for example , had bmi 31 in his prime , which is considered obese . 
  meh , she has no ass either . 
   as if we would not be able to create nuclear weapons as deterrent within days of course you 'd be able to create them relatively quickly , but not within days . 
  science and engineering projects just are n't finished that quickly . 
  yeah , they 'll tell you they are real physicists , but really , they are just meteorologists . 
  as far as i know , there is antifa in poland , czechia and slovakia . 
  macron is far left now ? 
  that 's even worse than antidisestablishmentarianism . 
  so you think we should n't make fun of the fact that leave voters are , on average , less intelligent ? 
  you probably just got that impression because he looks a bit effeminate . 
   that bmw spacehsip that looks like an aborted transformer hey , you ca n't just come up with a phrase like that without providing a photo or enough info to find it ourselves . 
  more like anyone can correct it , so all of it is unlikely to be wrong . 
  the prom * king * ? 
  i always thought of america as female . 
  but scientology has plenty of property and money . 
   and that means pissing of jews and christians that practice male genital mutilation christians do n't actually do that in europe . 
  i assume that this more mature way of evaluating men 's qualities is based primarily on shirtless horse riding ? 
  well finland is famous for its high alcohol prices . 
  of course it is . 
  a significant percentage of professional boxers , for example , still compete at that age . 
  not sure if referring to the final solution and netherlands = nazi meme . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what welsh men shag , so i 'd say it 's more appropriate to call it a welsh woman than a welsh man . 
   no what makes you safe is police doing it 's work , army capable of fighting and surveillance capable of finding threats you forgot one key circumstance that makes you safe , and that 's not having an underclass that feels excluded from and is hostile to the rest of society . 
  it is a bad thing if they are prevented from making their own laws in areas that do n't really concern other countries . 
  it 's a tree , it has n't seen anything . 
   wwii was 100 % decided by '41 i 'd say it was only 100 % decided at stalingrad , at the end of ' 42 . 
  just search the subredit for `` new leadership '' or do a google `` search by image '' . 
  they are already fleeing checnya , so i think chechens will be fine . 
  i worry about the people from the countries where they are fleeing to , who will now have to live with gay muslim rooskies . 
  he did lie and push out fuckloads of propaganda , he just did n't admit to that in that quote , contrary to how that quote is usually presented . 
  the quote about lies was actually not meant as a description of his own tactics , but rather what the thought the jews were doing . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) , a quarter of british muslims want to live under sharia law . 
  by the way , i find your intellectual dishonesty fascinating . 
  you actually know the results of one of the opinion polls , but you dismiss them with no apparent justification and prefer to spread numbers that you have pulled right out of your arse . 
  while doing that , you demand that people who disagree with you provide other sources in addition to the one you 've arbitrarily dismissed . 
  incredible . 
  this is the most idiotic comment i 've read in a long time . 
   are the prodigy of such workers i assume you meant progeny ? 
  far more than 1 % of muslims in europe have islamist political views . 
  to me , it looks as though they were entertainers and not politicians . 
   james black ) - beta blocker man . 
  so the man that has made our pension systems unsustainable ? 
  is it really the language barrier that isolates others ? 
  most of the people in european universities understand english well enough . 
   some people like to argue the point even when it comes to jokes . 
  also known as people with no sense of humor . 
  you mean these top comments ? 
  hold my 1990 chateau latour . 
   yes france . 
  lay the groundwork for the holy roman empire ii . 
  make it whole again . 
  you 'd be wholesome . 
   honhonhon  they took our wine !, 
   do us a favour france and just drink the wine, 
  you know , you can find this comic funny and upvote it even if you do n't think trump is comparable to erdogan . 
   although even the worst-case scenario for france wo n't be able to reach the currently set bar of insanity sounds like a challenge . 
  tito , too . 
  yours as well ? 
  it 's really remarkable how they 've managed to earn that reputation everywhere . 
  albanians also own every single small bakery in slovenia . 
  i think you are on to something . 
   any recommendations ? 
  get a camera . 
  i am hearing he is racist . 
  people are saying it . 
  it 's more likely that the huge number of doctoral students we have is pushing those numbers up . 
   which constitutes the very genius of my remark wow , modest . 
  first they killed jesus , now they burned the bible . 
  when will they stop oppressing christians !, 
   i used 6 % as a rhetoric device i 'm using that as an euphemism for lying from now on . 
   i would try and use islam to unite the middle east and destroy / take over europe  this would set me down in the history books this makes you sound like some kind of a narcissist/psychopath . 
  do you have ocd or something ? 
   the fact that so few european turks actually went 55 % is n't a really high turnout but it is n't exceptionally low either . 
  last year 's usa election , for example , had that turnout . 
  if you are a kid in africa and not a spoiled western brat you can . 
   `` victim mentality '' . . pathetic . 
  i 'd say whining about downvotes is pathetic , but whatever . 
  he has +33 now , you really should stop with your victim mentality . 
  but not all of them , just the ones that fit strict racial criteria . 
  you could check if they can squat properly or something . 
  others would be deported . 
  one could say there would be a high concentration of people there . 
   / r/bordergore actually still pretty neat compared to [ croatia ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@44.7306394,15.1950438,7z ) or [ republika srpska ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/republika+srpska,+bosnia+and+herzegovina/@44.2024187,16.5222983,7z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x4758926c6642315d:0xf86e34ee4510ace8!8m2!3d44.7280186!4d17.3148136 ) . 
  record them on video with a high enough quality then track them down individually and charge them with assault . 
  are there ultras who are not hooligans ? 
  yes , they have a violent thug culture . 
  the word culture is not necessarily positive . 
  but here , that 's called the [ french salad ] ( http://okusno.je/recept/francoska-solata ) . 
  the one they carry in a little bag around their necks ? 
  i 'm a simple man . 
   to stop them murdering each other but why would you stop natural selection from doing its thing ? 
  but 20-30 % is far from most .
