  enough to convince your opponent that starting a total war with you would mean a certain and complete annihilation . 
  he is actually mocking the theory you are referring to . 
  see [ this ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/we-wuz-kings ) . 
   i 'm a leftist yeah , right . 
  you find genetics interesting . 
  you know who else found genetics interesting ? 
   northern croatia and vojvodina literacy rates mostly go between 60-90 % and slovenia apparently had over 90 % . 
  that really ca n't be just because of the german minority . 
  the theory is ridiculous . 
  he 's taking a few data points and extrapolating that into a claim that an entire region is unhygienic . 
  his personal experience is that he got sick a few times while in southern europe , which may well have been a coincidence . 
  hotel personnel not following basic hygienic rules is not his personal experience but his assumption . 
  you will not believe this one weird trick to get rid of headaches forever . 
  you do n't need a navy when you can just drain the sea . 
  is that plane trying to hump a boat ? 
  yes , but that 's just cause you 're a lazy southerner . 
  you do n't touch type , do you ? 
  the problem is that you can see her unnaturally thin limbs . 
  it looks scary . 
  she looks like she came straight out of dachau . 
  [ but croatia not azil good . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/pefhwtt55zu?t=220 ), 
   cool breeze it 's amsterdam , there will probably be a downright violent wind , with light rain and 150 % humidity . 
  it would need to be triangular for that , [ like this ] ( https://www.formfonts.com/files/1/1046/european-warning-sign-wild-animals-animaux-libres-wildwechsel_eusign_wild_animals.jpg ) . 
  that i can agree with . 
  she reminds me of ceca so much . 
  northern . 
  your banter is weak . 
  if you want to trigger a slovenian , you need to say that we are in the balkans or that `` savudrijska vala '' is rightful croatian clay . 
  just pull that stick out of your ass , will you ? 
  then just do n't read them . 
  i thought you roma people are dark skinned and do n't get sunburnt easily ? 
  / u/grumbal has already made that point and i 've already [ answered it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dj4lj/belgrade_muslims_pray_after_mosque_demolished/di36svv/ ) . 
  by the way , i 'm not claiming that the people in question are actually serbs ( i have no idea who they are ) , i 'm just saying that they could be , based on what is said in the video . 
  even migrants know that eesti can not into nordic . 
   are we supposed to put ankle bracelets on them ? 
  assign a police officer to watch over every one of them ? 
  build a wall, 
  when he mentioned `` people originally from kosovo '' , he was talking about people living in that part of belgrade , not specifically about the people praying next to the mosque . 
   kosovars migrating to genocidal serbia for better life !, 
  they could be serbs from kosovo that were driven out by the albanians . 
  he could always get drunk sitting alone in the hotel room . 
  while browsing reddit . 
  i 'm confused now , is erdogan 's wife the alien or the robot ? 
  it looks like an alien to me , but then who 's the robot ? 
  ca n't really expect someone who is starved almost to death to be cheerful . 
  my guess would be that the one with that muslim headgear gets the most triggered by the same-sex spouse . 
  how is it inconvenient ? 
  you can comfortably squat instead of standing while doing your shopping . 
  same here . 
  they do n't build them , though . 
  only pay for them . 
   cute little castle i think op 's point was that it is big and stronk . 
  it 's a fact that anatolia is in asia , not my `` argumentation '' . 
  real photoshop is real . 
   tax evasion is illigal , tax avoidance is immoral . 
  ftfy . 
  well , at least it becomes immoral at a certain point . 
  you are obviously upset for some reason and trying to be as unpleasant as possible . 
  i 'm done with this conversation . 
  it 's small compared to the rest of turkey . 
  i do n't see how the size of my country is relevant here . 
  but anyway , it 's a fact that you just posted a photo of some random asian lake in / r/europe . 
  a small part of turkey is in europe , but not the place in the photo . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  you have n't seen our existing attempts at making films . 
  the main reason why it is cheaper to sail at lower speeds is that the drag force is weaker , not that the engines are more efficient . 
  he 's a well known troll , though . 
  probably just hiding the dead bodies in your cellars . 
   u stop doing that , it makes your comments look like they were written by a twelve year old . 
  i only get the impression from reddit comments that eastern poland is in dire need of investment . 
  the photo looks like a painting when closed up because it 's way oversharpened , not because `` the whole city looks like a painting '' . 
  and do what with it , exactly ? 
  this looks shopped ( i can tell from some of the pixels ) . 
  from the article  the parents determined their own diagnosis that their child was gluten intolerant and had a lactose allergy, 
   a mother breastfeeding her child is not exploitative but what if she 's doing it because of the patriarchy ? 
   tasting belgian tomatoes that 's a poor choice of words . 
  one ca n't actually * taste * belgian and dutch tomatoes . 
   serbian , croatian and bosnian ? 
  they 're mutually intelligable yet considered different languages linguistically , the are actually considered the same language . 
  they have separate language standards though , for political reasons . 
  that 's because we already know that turkey is turning into a dictatorship . 
  erdogan doing something authoritarian does n't surprise anyone and is thus not a very interesting news . 
  the swastika was used as a far right symbol in germany before the nazis . 
  wake me up when it erupts . 
  the comment was more banter than a joke , but yeah it was n't entirely serious . 
  i really did downvote you , though , just because i said i did . 
  i think having them stay in the hotel was a wise decision either way . 
  had you let them out , they could have caught communism . 
  downvoted for no taste . 
  that 's just atrocious . 
  i 'm all for eu but this slogan is really cringeworthy . 
  if we assume that both the czechs and / u/gooiditnietweg are drawn to such topics , that would totally explain why he sees so many czechs on this sub . 
  but then how do you expect people to deal with their problems ? 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/3ss-59fi4nm?t=133 ) . 
  pizza burek best burek . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  gyros is just poor man 's kebab anyway . 
   and killed bulgaria 's future for at least a hundred years so you are going to continue to blame the soviets for all your problems at least for the next thirty years ? 
  i hope that works out well for you .
