   taxes which are more than repaid by being the biggest per capita contributor on the continent are you sure about that ? 
  in 2015 , your net contribution was [ 3.4 billion euros ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/20141202ifg82334/eu-budget-explained-expenditure-and-contribution-by-member-state ) . 
  in that year , google alone avoided paying [ 3.6 billion dollars ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2016/12/22/how-google-saved-3-6-billion-taxes-from-paper-dutch-sandwich/#33ce12901c19 ) using the dutch sandwitch strategy . 
   you can set that up for a couple thousand euros now this claim is just hilarious . 
  i ca n't speak for / u/juuzowazowsky , but i would personally be okay with just forcing them to brand different products differently . 
  that would cause none of the problems you have mentioned in your post . 
   standart you 're misspelling that . 
  it 's spelled standar ** d ** . 
  the fact that the inferior product will have exactly the same branding as your superior product will make that harder . 
  hazelnut milka used to have way more hazelnuts in austria than in slovenia . 
  i do n't know if that 's still true and i do n't know whether it was supposed to be adjusted to local taste or they were cutting costs . 
  usually not . 
  a man once tried to introduce the concept to them . 
  [ did n't go too well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gppseclyjo ), 
  at least they do n't help the companies avoid paying taxes in other eu states . 
  well serbia is n't attempting to steal our sea , so they will get no trouble from us . 
  55 % is most people though . 
  they 're currently still in the eu . 
  so does benelux , it 's just that you 've gotten used to it . 
  he said nothing about dental hygiene . 
  i like it when germans make funny jokes about their own lack of humor . 
   i have seen too few people who would be hostile to someone making an honest effort to integrate i know that is n't what you meant , but this sounds like you want there to be more such people . 
  it looks as retarded as i imagine the dumb fuck that is driving it must look . 
  i thought that 's what pigs are for ? 
  you 're god damn right . 
  looks like a retarded version of the guys in clockwork orange . 
  and what makes you think he was far from ready ? 
  exactly my reaction when i first learnt about this . 
  why would it be that dangerous ? 
  it looks reall easy to climb . 
  you 'd have to be extremely clumsy to fall while climbing that . 
  so we are not allowed to speak about places we have n't lived in ? 
  but the us is certainly way ahead of europe , at least . 
  this puts american [ coal rollers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolling_coal ) to shame . 
  i bet / u/executivemonkey wants one now . 
   but he 's 39 ca n't have a president who is n't at least a little bit senile , eh ? 
  from one of your comments :  i would like to give every refugee from arab every job a polish person has now in germany so , am i to believe that every pole with a job in germany is a fascist ? 
  besides , your language when talking about the poles indicates that you have some real hate against the polish nation . 
  you sound just like a typical xenophobe . 
  you sound like you really hate polish people . 
  according to [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy ) , the difference in life expectancy between males and females is about the same in turkey as it is in most of europe . 
  i think he 's mocking feminists who throw a fit ( and also come up with ridiculous terms like `` rape culture '' ) whenever there 's a disparity between males and females in any statistic . 
  who even upvotes these pointless meme circlejerks ? 
  they are the most boring , unentertaining memes imaginable . 
   if that little tool ( :p ) you posted is used for woodwork to me , it looks like one end of the tool in that photo is just a hammer and the other end is designed for pulling out nails ( the fasteners , of course , not the parts of human anatomy ) . 
   counting blood-cells that 's not how genetics works , though . 
   often just bring the whitnesses this is a pretty funny misspelling . 
  not a polandbro , but also from a berliner nation ( they 're called krofi here ) , so i 'll answer . 
  not that i know of . 
  anything that is not apricot marmalade . 
  well , if it is n't filled with apricot marmalade , it is n't really a krof , but the dough is important too . 
  nah , as long as they do n't got near / u/schraubenzeit 's cellar , they should be fine . 
  good luck arguing against cat photos on the internet . 
  and of course , your comment is very well reasoned and not emotional at all . 
   killing someone is a permanent solution one might even call it final . 
   what 's this meme it is n't a meme , it 's just that most people find it absolutely disgusting . 
  and no , the fact that it is the favorite topping of the nation that invented surstr\u00f6mming does n't speak in its favor either . 
   the juiciness and sweetness it adds i guess this comment explains how some people can like pineapple on a pizza . 
  those poor people suffer from a horrible genetic defect because of which they are only able to detect sweetness and water content of food . 
  i disagree . 
  you see , pineapple on a pizza is a bit like incest - even though it can be a victimless crime in some circumstances , it so offends the moral sensibility of normal people that it ought to be illegal . 
  if you want to be able to sue someone you should just use red hat enterprise linux and pay red hat for support . 
  i got an impression that various conspiracy theories were already gaining ground years before his candidacy . 
  i 'd say trump is a result of the widespread anti-intellectual attitude , not the cause of it . 
  i suspect gaming is a euphemism here , but i do n't want to know what for . 
  he 's lucky to have that option . 
  my view at work is at least this depressing , but i 'm on the ground floor so i have no quick way to end the suffering . 
  doing god 's work , one comment at a time . 
  there is no one agreed upon definition of what is balkans . 
  according to some definitions , a part of croatia is not in the balkans ( and neither is vojvodina ) . 
  slovenia confirmed not balkans . 
  yes , i know , since it 's also true of my language . 
  but english does make that distinction , so you should make it too when writing in english . 
  srpska granata ( serbian artillery is led by god ) . 
  this reminds me of [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaewjvwiwmq ) . 
  the lyrics are just gloriously ridiculous . 
   ne\u0107ete u \u010cavoglave but why would anyone want to go to \u010cavoglave anyway ? 
  the place looks like a shithole . 
  if you went there , you 'd probably get raped by the guy at 0:48 . 
  ah , reminds me of how some of my coworkers are developing a new product . 
  you think zagreb is a big city ? 
  top joke mate according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/settlement_hierarchy ) , it is a `` large city '' . 
  so yes . 
   if you have n't lived here , do n't make any comments on the city itself and yet you are implying that every city has shady areas comparable to paris , even though you 've never been to most cities . 
  i do n't know how to call it , but i want one now . 
  this comment is so good . 
  i remember these comics being the first thing i was reading after learning to read . 
  i think crunchiness has more to do with rigidity than with strength of the material , so you would need to test how far the wafer bends before breaking , not what force is needed for it to break . 
  you open up the packaging and taste it before buying ? 
  can we stop calling towns with 50k inhabitants cities , please ? 
  all of them , every day , yes . 
  but europe can be pretty bad too . 
  in slovenia , women get beaten and raped every day . 
  it is horrible . 
  well mesto also means town . 
  i know some people who would get very upset if they saw this video . 
  it was actually supposed to be an alliance against the soviet union . 
  in case you have n't noticed , the soviet union does n't exist any more . 
   if this goes through the river will barely have any water left you do know hydroelectric power plants do n't consume water , right ?
