  it was a strategic calculation by merkel to allow for it , under pressure , and again , she voted against it herself . 
  and she has been there since 2005 and the voters tolerated her anti-lgbt position , endorsing it until now . 
  the german people have been a moral failure in this regard . 
  this happened despite their organisation ( or lack thereof ) . 
  there is no way to spin this as a moral vindication of germans . 
  it 's like if trump randomly decides he 's ok with mexicans getting automatic citizenship , and americans taking credit for being and open society , even though it was only a total fluke and that they had voted him for the opposite reason . 
  wrong . 
  it was only a coincidental convergence of politically cynical election-season communications strategy preemptions that led to it in germany . 
  an about-face for pure strategy by a person who voted against it anyway . 
  it was never given a chance to be a voter mandate . 
  on the contrary , the voters approved merkel again and again , accepting that she 's against it . 
  germany will never be a leader in this arena . 
  we leave you to bicker about whether or not you 're as retrograde as those three countries or not . 
  this is more specific about frankfurt being dead at worst , sterile at best . 
  especially when compared to dublin . 
  nobody is talking about official spokespeople here , but cultural attitudes . 
  might as well have trotted out the tired line of `` oh , so you met every single one of our 82 million citizens then ? '' . 
  lol indeed x2 . 
  yeah , i worked at an embassy ( and consulate ) . 
  it 's common practice for people to have dual citizenship , even in some situations explicitly ` renouncing ' their former citizenship , but because their renouncement was only made during their naturalisation in the new country , the old country never officially receives this renouncement and does not consider it valid , will still treat you as a citizen , although if you get in trouble in the new country , your old country can not help you . 
  macron will sign up all refugees for the foreign legion . 
  so innovative . 
  his well-documented band of hundreds of top american climate entrepreneurs will enlist as well because they 're extremely eager to become french and leave their disgusting mcmansion lifestyles behind them in america . 
  yeah , really . 
  germany has only managed to catch up to the level of such backward states as usa , south africa and colombia with respect to same-sex marriage . 
  yet even being so embarrassingly late to the party , and not even enforced yet , they 're already dictating moral lessons in lgbt rights to eastern europe and latin america all over reddit and social media , like as if they started or ever led on this issue lol . 
  i would be so relieved to learn i 'm moving to dublin instead of frankfurt . 
  americans lie . 
  then they should drop the charade and stop luring cheap labour with false hopes that are going to be denied them anyways , based on trumped-up charges like in op 's article . 
  you made him defensive . 
  yeah , and even looking at that . 
  trump said that europe should pay for its own defence . 
  europe reacted as if this were offensive , and indicative of usa 's moral failures . 
  then merkel and other european leaders made their statements saying that usa was n't reliable any more and that we will begin spending on our own defence as europeans . 
  the tone used to communicate this by the leaders and in european media was effectively saying that we are thumbing our nose at usa , that usa has fallen from grace and that we 're the new leaders , etc. 
  as if it would be offensive to americans or trump that europe is declaring to do that one thing which trump asked them to do in the first place . 
  so yes , i agree that it 's hypocritical and lacks coherency . 
  it 's european exceptionalism . 
  probably not the goal of the ruling class , but if you read reddit or just read the room in europe generally-speaking , this is the biggest wish of the populations . 
  maybe i should have been collecting all the major newspaper articles with titles like `` the american dream , finally over ? 
  '' , or `` no seriously , this time the american dream is definitely over '' , and then open a museum . 
  or every newspaper where some nameless german entrepreneur who sold his startup for 80k and thinks he 's hot stuff now , declares silicon valley dead and that the new place for business is beograd or some shit because that 's the only place he could afford to pay coders , et cetera , et cetera . 
  we subconsciously ( or overtly ) believe american triumph is illegitimate and there is a sense that any day now there is going to be a `` correction '' . 
  but if that 's the case , usa is definitely stretching their undeserved situation over quite a few generations and counting . 
  but anyway , our media and general way we talk about usa play into that notion . 
  sure , there might be fees to pay back into the system , but you will always be canadian and unless you have no support system at home in the form of family , or any way to tide you over until you 're covered for a surgery ... it 's not a bad plan b to have , eh ? 
  if i were to receive an offer to work in usa i would take it ( assuming it 's a job with good pay ) . 
  if things do n't work out , i know that i wo n't have to live homeless in usa or have any of the problems that poor americans have . 
  that 's my main point . 
  i 'm guessing france is only expecting low-end and entry-level types who are fresh out of undergraduate studies and destined to do `` dead time '' work for low pay , which they would n't complain about since they 're approaching it as a cv padder experience and treating it like a `` study abroad '' experience . 
  on paper they can show increased numbers of american `` scientists '' coming to europe and give big boners to all the usual suspects to write articles about how we slayed the dragon , the dollar is dead , silicon valley is dead , wall street is dead , americans are dead , and we 're the new kings ( been reading these in waves since i was a child but i 'm so sure that this empty suit macron in france was the one to finally make it real ) . 
  i agree with you . 
  safety nets are irrelevant in discussions involving these fields anyway . 
  and even if they were relevant , they would still be irrelevant ( if one loses his/her job in usa , he/she could always return here for the safety net anyway ) . 
  i think these people who are happy with safety net standard of living , do n't have children or appreciate even the professional opportunities that come with better funded jobs , etc. 
  where we ca n't claim an economic victory , we can claim a moral/spiritual/cultural one . 
  i 'd rather make 2k/month in france ( before taxes , plus money made on the side selling weed ) , than make 8k/month living in some mcmansion in a generic suburb in usa . 
  oh yeah , i met a group of americans in spain and someone turned the topic to telling them about `` romanians '' ( in this case exclusively romani ) , and they did n't even know `` gypsies still existed '' . 
  and one thought it was just a carnival act with the palm reading and fortune telling . 
  i would imagine that americans think romanians are like the ` sexy/mysterious russian ' type of image . 
  edit : hilarious video by the way !, 
  i think his point was that it 's a real thing , not whether or not it has a rationalisation/justification . 
  not in my parts of spain ( though in the majority of cases , sadly , the spanish are too ignorant to know the difference between romanian and romani ) . 
  still , romanians in general are quite discriminated and condescended , unless they 're being used for easy sex ( erasmus romanians , for example ) . 
  100 % agreed . 
  someone was talking to me about this just the other day . 
  he pointed out that you can notice the big attitude shift regarding university when watching older films . 
  he said indiana jones would n't be made nowadays ( sequels notwithstanding ) because , being a professor of archaeology , audiences would think he 's a big pussy and a moron . 
  he would have to be a mba in charge of some ruthless treasure hunting corporation instead . 
  just use context to figure it out on a case by case basis . 
  not that hard . 
  you want that we should call ourselves unioners or unionites ? 
  if you only take this photo in an absolute vacuum of isolation , then fine . 
  i look at it within the context of the party mentioned in the bottom corner and the politics that produced it . 
  you lose when you pretend to be too dense to understand the basic premise . 
  one needs not care personally about ancestry in order to appreciate the hypocrisy of another person who argues the position of those who espouse the importance of ancestry , without fulfilling that opposition 's generally-held criterion about race and heritage . 
  it helps with morale , though . 
  but in the case of macron , trump always sincerely tries to end the handshake first . 
  that 's the problem . 
  everyone knows trump 's trick now . 
  trudeau prepared for it first when he visited the white house . 
  then macron previously made his hand go limp by squeezing it tightly and not letting go when trump was finished . 
  macron knows that with trump , if you do n't fuck with him , he will fuck with you . 
  so he chooses not to take any chances , and to take the handshake to an absurd extreme . 
  both are vain men obsessed with empty pr stunts and studied body language , etc. 
  staring 4,5 seconds or longer is considered sexual micro-aggression , i have read . 
  and that 's not `` semi-nazi '' how ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gicaqa0ngrc ), 
  you 're right that european integration was a geopolitical requirement of the united states and that this is obvious and well-documented , no big secret . 
  but in europe we are bombarded with eu mythology and even figures lifted to status analogous to ` founder fathers ' like in us . 
  we need the myth to make real the identity , so please stfu with your counterarguments . 
  i could feel the weight of the occasion . 
  thanks !, 
  are the news articles to be removed from facebook for real , or are they made to be visible only from outside germany ? 
  but i do n't go on about those things , whereas i 've met plenty of romanians who identify with the dacian and it 's quite popular an idea there . 
  some rich man even carved a dacian face into a mountain . 
  there is a reverence there that 's contemporary , which ties into romanian nationalism in a way that i do n't think has an analogue in how we identify with our past in spain , which is why i posed my question to see what the romanian might have to say . 
  do you feel robbed of that side of your language identity ? 
   whatever bad you can find about the netherlands , the usa has it 10 times worse . 
  you 're admitting here that nl is evil in as large a scale as its capabilities allow .
