yes . 
  i see it that a lot of what jaba - says is true , but not as to support an argument that the euro is ` doomed ' . 
  the us has many states that are perpetual `` losers '' and enormous brain drain . 
  the dollar never died for that , so maybe the euro would n't either . 
  exceptions can be made for socially incompetent peoples such as yourself who ca n't discern context of setting or relationship , which are used by the normally-developed people to gauge the appropriateness of what polite society might deem offensive behaviour . 
  it 's ok if you need to flail about now and do your big-boy `` they 's the real nazis '' routine now . 
  it 's working so far . 
  cry about it . 
  i can confirm . 
  majority of my spanish friends on linkedin have in their list of languages : `` middle english ( 1100-1500 ) '' . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  so it ca n't be said that `` the sport already does that '' [ referring to the action the previous person described as `` shit on american flag '' ] . 
  the person directly above me is trying to make it seem like american football is anti-patriotic simply because a handful of black players are sitting down during the national anthem , as protest for grievances against the black community or whatever specifics pertain to that . 
  probably an american right-wing freak `` new media journalist '' walking around filming streets that have brown people . 
  `` hey , what 's up , youtube ? 
  so , i just got back from germany where i saw the refugee crisis first hand , and oh , my , god , y' all , it is , like , riddled with muslims everywhere you go . 
  germany is n't germany any more '', 
  it does n't . 
  i do find danes arrogant . 
  that guy 's post reads like some hollywood celebrity 's academy award acceptance speech . 
  it 's not called apologism . 
  that 's what unnuanced american politics is . 
  and trump voters in part rejected it in the election ( constantly being manipulated into `` you have to disavow this racism , and that sexism , and that fascism , or you are apologists of x , y , z '' . 
  `` you call a fascist a fascist '' is simply too stupid for words , dismissive or entirely naive about the politics or context . 
  recall . 
  then sell the affected batches to america , they 're probably still above standard for them . 
  those fatties eat anything . 
  trying too hard . 
  hating immigrants . 
  the website still uses the uk flag : - /, 
  your valiant efforts at integrating them during those whopping 700 years included not emancipating them from slavery until the latter half of the 19th century , but sure , it 's not you at all . 
  right now you are looking like a typical vulgar , racist romanian with anger issues disproportionately obsessed with gypsies . 
  is that because of gypsies or is that because of your own behaviour ? 
  maybe a gypsy put a curse on me that makes me see you that way , or maybe it 's because of what you wrote . 
  i met an italian who said spanish men are not serious when it comes to romance , that we 're only after sex , and her main arguments were : `` italians do n't use tinder '' , and therefore are not interested in `` hookup culture '' . 
  i could have countered that they do n't use tinder because they 're not using internet in general ? 
  sure , double down on your scapegoating if that delusion helps you to cope , meanwhile your non-gypsy leadership continues to prostitute your country and all your other shortcomings persist unacknowledged and unaddressed . 
  if only enough romanians had the strength of character to do so , instead of crying about how gypsies are 100 % to blame for them not being `` cool '' when they holiday in western europe . 
  lol what a weird country to scapegoat . 
  are you on autopilot ? 
  america is in the high 30s . 
  you 've reinforced my conception of romanians being rather vain people overly-reliant on the gypsy-as-scapegoat for all their bad image in europe . 
  for example , none of your corrupt political establishment is gypsy . 
  none of the erasmus girls who sex with every socially incompetent western european guy at my university in a bid for status is a gypsy . 
  you get rid of the gypsies and you still have a reputation problem in europe . 
  it makes me think of americans who think the only reason they look bad to us is because of `` thugs from chicago '' . 
  i once met a guy in my country who does n't hate romanians . 
  he had a girlfriend from there and whenever he would mention her being from romania , he added the same words : `` but she 's a good person , eh ? 
  pedophile is a person who likes feet , like travelling on foot . 
  strangely enough , i had one experience in the romanian healthcare system and it seemed to include every stereotype , like my being left coming in and out of consciousness in the lobby for hours , recollections of cockroaches crawling about the floors , being solicited for a bribe ( and my being a bit too slow to figure out it was happening until i analysed it later with my gf ) , then being misdiagnosed and sent away . 
  strangely enough , i had an experience in the romanian healthcare system . 
  and there were cockroaches crawling all over the hospital . 
  and i was n't diagnosed properly . 
  and i waited a long time before being seen , which is why my gf paid a bribe since i had been going in and out of consciousness and she was ` freaking out ' . 
  so you offered a non-sequitur as an example to back up your point relating to what you say is an entirely different topic ? 
  he prefers not to have it , because it reminds him of america . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  nobody said `` all '' , just `` more '' . 
  you 're like that gay guy at every party who tries to make out with you and , in the face of rejection , comes at you with the sarcasm , `` oh wow , look at mr. homophobic , thinks all gay interaction causes aids bla bla bla '' , missing the point entirely and trying to project his issues on to you . 
  your food is not up to our standards , mate . 
  we might say the same about your culture overall , but i digress . 
  it 's not a real institution , more like a media tradition since they never had a royal family to fawn over and scandalise about . 
  that 's where you lose most of this sub 's readership . 
  [ i 've seen the godfather . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmucyqookzu ), 
  i never said germany was invincible . 
  my point stands . 
  are you referring to them designating an intern as a `` fall guy '' or something ? 
  i think that they are merely giving her a pleasant farewell instead of taking action in something like protesting her departure , shows that the image-crafting takes priority over the actual activism to change the accord or to halt her specific deportation . 
  it 's easy to be generous when the person is n't going to be there . 
  i take stock over the generosity when a population knows the people are there to stay . 
  it 's more difficult to see corruption for what it is when there is prosperity to go around , and a sufficiently strong safety net to act as ` riot insurance ' . 
  pitiful the depths of denial . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night , anglo . 
  because that guy was just being a big jerk . 
  i 'm going to give the first episode a try if it 's easily streamed online . 
  yeah , he 's a piece of shit . 
  i deleted my post because i realised it was just a tangent and not yuor main point . 
  that nonsense is much older than that lol . 
  it was n't great for people of colour ^ tm or transgender ^ tm and the queers ^ tm . 
  is the implication when that question is rhetorically posed . 
  it seems like he sees it as a sacrifice . 
  he recognises his impotence and insufficiency to create a world that can sustain his offspring , and so takes them out of the equation . 
  he should bequeath his properties to climate refugees too . 
  you saying we suck at maths ? 
  what would you say is the threshold income for a sole proprietor in the usa , i mean an income above which paying your own health insurance is not burdensome ? 
  the list never claimed or insinuated americans have superior quality of life than those below it . 
  overly defensive reaction , even linking to stats lol . 
  people on this thread claiming otherwise do n't understand proportions even though it 's what allows our small countries to place on the list to begin with . 
  but those are standards we apply for ourselves , not for the benefit of us states . 
  we 're better than you , just accept it . 
  corruption in europe is n't a problem if we have more prosperity . 
  and even if prosperity goes away , we have a stronger social safety net to serve as riot insurance . 
  we 're better than you . 
  that 's different , because america is bad ( the us variety ) . 
  all the english people doing working holidays there may be `` talking shit '' . 
  the opposite of `` hearts and minds '' . 
  juncker 's `` tough guy '' routine has as much teeth as jeb bush 's during the american elections . 
  strikes ? 
  i dont know,
