  hardly a moral vindication . 
  you might think of arguing a better defence than this . 
  absolutely sick . 
  reminds me of a story about a british woman ( i believe ) who married a turkish man and it ruined their marriage because he was trying to `` kidnap '' the child to take to turkey to be circumcised , and his side of the family were all in on it and scheming the entire time to get the baby to turkey when she was out of the house or whatever . 
   passportization is a process by which russian authorities have induced persons , usually holders of former soviet passports , to apply for russian passports . 
  as the number of russian passport holders in regions of adjoining nations grows , russia then invokes its national interest in defending its citizens by promoting the independence or annexation of these regions [ extreme example for illustrative purposes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/passportization ), 
  your father 's a real jerk . 
  how is it you reach this morally triumphant conclusion about germany from this particular development ? 
  best-case scenario : they join the parade even later than such backward societies like south africa and usa ( no offence to readers from there ) . 
  have n't come across this sort of pitiful apologia in a while . 
  germans taking notes from pre-2015 muricans ? 
  if you got a girl who 's particularly enamoured of paris ( for example ) , but you ca n't afford to get married in front of the real eiffel tower , you could take her to china , eh ? 
  it would all look the same on the instagram photos . 
  the sky might need some touch-ups to rid of the grey , but ... and then some pics of the gang marching down the champs elysees practically all to yourselves . 
  but when they do it it 's because they care , and have freedom intentions . 
  is n't your country one big europetown ? 
  it 's not better from what i see . 
  the majority of non-spanish speakers in america do n't claim to be fluent , though . 
  they 're overconfident with other matters . 
  even accepting your premise ... to be in the paris accord helps to solidify our culture 's stance on the subject , which gives a strong basis for the kind of pressure you 're applying to reinforce those principles in other smaller areas of these private companies oversight , etc. 
  sometimes the retrograde european countries mistake themselves for being from the part of europe that give prestige to the name , and condescend accordingly . 
  i notice this a lot at pubs , because most of the time americans take their word for it . 
  it 's like countries such as poland are a blank canvas onto which one can paint the most enlightened picture . 
  i agree . 
  it 's shocking how much of it is just the vanity of the father , needing the son to take after his image , no matter the evidence . 
  no son of mine will have a pleb penis . 
  yeah , that was just silly exageration on my part hahah . 
  but really , it 's ridiculous here in spain . 
  i have several friends on linkedin who in their list of languages have selected not only english , but also `` middle english ( 1100-1500 ) '' , presumably because they think it indicates a medium level or something . 
  american hospitals do it because they get paid more money from insurers and all that . 
  it 's a scam . 
  '' [ it is one of the oddities of the royal family ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/10201882/circumcision-is-one-of-the-oddities-of-the-royal-family.html ) -- shared by the majority of the english upper classes -- that for many generations they have circumcised their male sons . 
  it was rarely done on medical grounds , nor on religious ones , but was a matter of class . '', 
  self-reported language competency is a terrible measurement . 
  in spain almost every young person says they 're fluent in english despite many not even being of b1 level . 
  i also encounter many catalonians who like to pad their numbers by claiming catal\u00e0 , valenci\u00e0 , eiviss\u00e0 , menorqu\u00ed , mallorqu\u00ed , et al. 
  personally i would n't presume to claim fluency in a language unless i were at c1 level , capable of holding a meaningful conversation or writing essays in which the majority of the sentences consisted of 7 words or more . 
  lots of europeans think that just because they can flirt a little with locals during erasmus that they 're fluent . 
  yep . 
  i forgive the ny times ( and americans in general ) for their naivety regarding european politicians , and not knowing what else but to give macron the obama treatment , but r/europe should know better . 
  some europeans are just desperate for a moral victory in these dark times , and will contrive one to project onto macron in the absence of anything of substance . 
  maybe they think if they create the narrative , it can mould him and his actions to fit that image , after the fact . 
  i would die for juncker . 
  i do n't think macron could hope to capture people at that level though . 
  this is for people of generally ordinary ability to come to france and undercut local population 's wages , firewalling resistance with appeals to french nostalgia for global leadership . 
  i think it 's also a safeguard , having some kind of evidence that the individual is able to obey authority figures and see tasks through to completion on his/her superiors ' deadlines , etc , regardless of natural talent . 
  also , in countries like usa , people with university education are much less likely to commit crimes . 
  people like zuckerberg are a wild card ; he could have easily become a drag on society if he had n't caught some breaks along the way . 
  we import people like him and we might end up with lots of losers using our money and making useless `` hot or not '' websites , date-raping women with their american anger issues which we do n't want in europe because they are contrary to our values . 
  omg this is ridiculous haha , but i see the logic behind both . 
  go to andalucia , my friend ( if you care about exploiting this lol ) . 
  light hair + light eyes is highly valued to the point of absurdity . 
  it is associated with a general prestige , i imagine , plus there are many darker spaniards who have a racial complex . 
  with men it 's not as straight-forward , as there 's a lot of affinity for curvy dark brazilian women these days , for example . 
  now , if you have light hair plus light eyes but do n't look western ( pronounced slavic facial structures , for example , but i guess latvians ` escape ' this ) , the treatment might not be at the level of your average swedish fellow , but you would still be quite popular . 
  when i go to southern spain i notice they worship northern europeans , particularly anybody blond . 
  even if a man is extremely ugly or fat , if he is blond he will have a few andalusian groupies if he goes to parties in malaga , for example . 
  it 's hypnotic for them . 
  the fact that you have engaged the conversation under those terms , makes it so that you have lost , on a personal moral level . 
  it is a moral failure to silence any mention of germany 's shortcomings by dropping non-sequitur after non-sequitur about usa , so as to absolve germany of any accountability . 
  i say non-sequitur since nowhere in op 's post was it even implied that usa were any less guilty -- meaning , the only purpose you invoke those victims in this thread is to deflect . 
  this is cynical and immoral . 
  your behaviour even serves to highlight op 's observation of german/eu hypocrisy and double-standards . 
  93 million iraqis slaughtered by americans every day . 
  you sicken me . 
  germany is the charitable saviour of our times . 
  back down , sir . 
  i had no idea such a site exists . 
  thanks !, 
  in my city there is enough petty crime all the way to human trafficking all the way to mafia activity from russian migrants , many undocumented . 
  no need to enable that further unless you have a plan to account for that , hopefully something that goes beyond flimsy circular logic of `` people who do n't respect us wo n't come here anyway '' or `` gopniks are too poor and ignorant to travel outside their home city '' . 
  do n't disrespect the narrative . 
  it 's a useful hypocrisy . 
  then let us not require visas of any country . 
  people who dislike us wo n't come . 
  the logic is bulletproof . 
  he 's talking about that such people in usa would have to be moral failures if they do not leap at the opportunity to accept substantial pay-cuts in exchange for the ability to live in proximity to the louvre and citizens who do n't wear cargo shorts + nfl t-shirts everywhere , and the prestige of being able to put `` lives in : france '' on their facebook profiles instead of some shithole like `` gary , indiana '' ( no offence ) . 
  there is no such thing as a `` snowflake visa exemption '' for russia 's class of euro-groupie teen girls . 
  and the eu is n't about to create one either . 
  as for what she 's supposed to do in order to `` finish the job '' , that 's for her to decide . 
  i 'm not her caretaker or her wrangler . 
  it is not my responsibility to provide logistical consultancy or become an actor in another country 's social-political conflict . 
  finish the job . 
  then talk to me . 
   i am literally doing everything i have the capacity of to oppose the russian autocracy . 
  this ai n't no little league football , kid . 
  real life do n't give awards for effort , nor participation trophies neither . 
  ordinary people like you would have no reason to think life is better in usa ; it 's not better there for most of the middle or lower classes . 
  however , that 's not what this campaign is about ( or ? ) . 
  they 're looking for climatologists and scientists of consequential abilities . 
  if france were so superior for top scientists from usa , they would have already moved in mass , since there is little issue for americans at that level to obtain a visa and work in the eu . 
  we must look at these things without sentiment , or `` home bias '' , to understand why so many of them choose to stay there . 
  brutalist architecture leads to toxic masculinity . 
  politico are europhiles and inclined to praise anything in europe that they see as a smaller-scale ( read : more pr-friendly ) reflection of usa , such as french interventionism . 
  it looks like the writer of this piece works at a `` think tank '' with ties to an aircraft company that works with the us armed forces , and other interested corporations . 
  his twitter feed seems to indicate he 's focused on africa and is hawkish militarily with respect to every issue in the region . 
  just checked . 
  apparently they get 7 days in the first year , and more if they are `` eligible employees '' after that . 
  it does n't say what that means , or what percentage qualify . 
  how dare you , sir ?
