  drunk european hipster attendees to the olympics will ironically want to try to join a la gang . 
  that 's where the problems will arise . 
  it 's not european . 
  no offence . 
  by 2028 there will be mandatory full body cavity searches at us airports . 
  is there a plan to build some new transport function for the olympics that could permanently soothe traffic issues in the city thereafter ? 
  british people use li-trully more . 
  exactly . 
  they 're not one-dimensional . 
  glad you realise that . 
  they 're also capable of rebranding and repurposing . 
  look into the ownership of those cheap locations you assume are majorcan , by the way . 
  this romanian fellow at a pub in madrid was going on loudly about how romania 's current president was selling children in the black market during the 1990s . 
  here you 've finally said something with some sense . 
  lol, 
  if you 're a democratic country , you would make it happen yourselves , instead of being dependent on us making that decision . 
  families spend more money for better quality hotels instead of disgusting hostels with used condoms hanging off the rim of the rubbish bin when you enter . 
  they also have the attitude of `` only the best for my younglings '' to make them much more willing to overpay for perceived quality in general . 
  the poorer classes are less visible than mainstream society tends to realise , though . 
  very few people `` know anyone '' to match every position on the economic spectrum . 
  before they became poor . 
  now they 're practiclly third world and have to live with `` mommy and daddy '' until they 're 40 so to pay the student debts . 
  romania and bulgaria joining eu , putting lipstick on the piigs . 
  then you 're blind and stubborn . 
  that 's the main narrative in us media . 
  try harder . 
  the point of my argument . 
  if the average person is too ignorant and uninformed of all the bad things you do , they ca n't get pissed . 
  who cares about the devastation caused in third world shitholes if you can still get `` love '' when doing a pub crawl in london when on holiday ? 
  yep . 
  one of those nonsense `` perceived image '' rankings , i would have to guess , relying on the average world citizen 's ignorant idea of what canada does in the world . 
  yes . 
  us prisons are the alt-right 's paradise society realised . 
  all the good boys get raped willy-nilly , and to join a gang based on one 's race is the only means of survival . 
  nobody views us as a role model , not even the us these days . 
  all their media are contemplations of their own decadence , and lamentations of `` why ca n't we do things like in europe '' ( except fox news and breitbart , who cater to people aged 60 + who feel nostalgia for america 's older , more successful days ) . 
  to claim that there is no moral component would still be to stake a position with respect to morality that , compared to the other results in this survey , put france to the very end of the spectrum . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  scratch that . 
  lol, 
  yeah , that 's a hard factor to control for , since it 's self-reported by either cheaters or cheated parties . 
  we could get more reliable results if fb and tinder start mining everyone 's protected data to see where the affairs are happening the most . 
  there was that website ashley madison specifically for having affairs , which was hacked , with ottawa being the city with the biggest number of members , yet on this list above , canada are amongst the anglo countries who reportedly disapprove of it the most . 
  no reason to bring up polyamorous children in an improper monogamous institution , unless you 're a society that embraces hypocrisy and picaresque characteristics . 
  property rights are handled by other means anyway . 
  the common apologia from germans before the gay marriage vote was always that those things can all be easily secured outside of marriage proper . 
  there 's no bureaucratic excuse for german society not to stand behind their convictions , if that 's how you feel and have no shame about it . 
  no , you 're just trying too hard to rationalise this attitude into a moral victory . 
  if you 're not being stiff toward sexuality , and dishonest in general , why not own the polyamory you try to champion as `` being real '' ? 
  no need for affairs if the society ( and more importantly , the respective spouses ) is comfortable with polyamory . 
  they would be open about it instead . 
  a quick search on google yielded data reports and surveys , all of which reveal france is almost always top 5 of people most likely to have affairs . 
  the french on this post are scraping and scrounging about for a way to rationalise the poll into a moral victory . 
  they should just give it up , or just use the easy line about americans being puritanical prudes for not approving of affairs , et cetera . 
  lol thanks for the recommendation, 
  the german chauvinists , their groupies , and the trumpists are the ones going with the narrative of `` we invited them in and nestled them in the warmth of our embrace '' [ only disagreeing in whether or not it was good ] . 
  everyone else is with reality and historical memory . 
  what germany has done is not trailblazing unless you were born in the 2010s and never learnt history . 
  germany pushed its resistance to humanitarian assistance unto others , to such an absurd degree that dublin accord and other eu related issues simply broke under that deferred pressure and they had no better option . 
  give him the bannon angle in negotiations . 
  say that he needs to allow as many british products and settlers as possible in order to bring back the white anglo-saxon protestant glory that was america of yesteryear . 
  the `` good genes '' that trump enjoys ( yea , he 's bragged about his british german genes on tape ) . 
  as romania is n't even in schengen , it would n't be difficult to demand american tourists obtain a visa before entering . 
  btw , that romania is blocked from schengen constantly , and receives so much general resistance whenever migration and border issues are discussed in eu countries ... it all sends a signal to countries outside of europe , regarding solidarity and confidence ( or lack thereof ) in romania ( though yes , i realise they can still move freely here as long as they have a passport ) . 
  what signal does it send that your own club hates you more than the people outside your club ? 
  i also remember reading that merkel had talked to george w. bush about romanian issues when he was close to relaxing visa requirements for rom ( for the help they gave in iraq ) . 
  all your politicians are gypsies ? 
  or are they all under a gypsy magic spell ? 
  same with all the abundance of non-gypsy romanian criminals ? 
  [ as if i were joking ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/09/americans-only-stop-eating-when-theyre-sleeping.html ) . 
  would it kill you to at least ensure what you 're shoving in your cakeholes is n't poison ? 
  why are americans so terrible at food ? 
  they 're so fat and constantly eating . 
  there is no level of food quality too low or even too hazardous to keep them from putting it in their bodies . 
  yeah , my teenage self was a hopeless case . 
  and i have n't even had a chance to disseminate casually my little morsels of andorra knowledge to impress people at cocktail parties or wherever , since it has never come up in conversation . 
  i know too much about andorra . 
  i had a big crush on a lady from there when i was in secondary school . 
  i read a lot about the place and taught myself some catalan to try to impress her . 
  one could quiz me . 
  and even after i felt humiliated by her rejection and certain condescending comments about my nationality , i researched lots of negative things about andorra ( i 've since matured , btw ) , so i even know quite a bit about the dark side . 
  it seems that the high schooler argument of holding an iphone to justify complex economic decisions no longer works as it used to . 
  yeah , mate . 
  it was the ketchup stain on his t-shirt of `` philadelphia eagles nfl '' that really swept her off her feet . 
  i could n't compete . 
  thanks , mate . 
  because you 're not literate enough to discern tone . 
  `` as a canadian '' , as if that grants you any authority ? 
  that is indeed lol-worthy . 
  must work with yanks though . 
  i was taking the piss , you dumb shit . 
  triggered much ? 
  because you know you 're talking rubbish . 
  if it helps you sleep at night , our children will outlive yours . 
  europeans can open tinder when travelling in any third world country and get all the best swipes , whilst americans have to put canadian flags on their pics and still ai n't getting swipes . 
  we did it , fam . 
  we did it . 
  breivik is not some lone wolf in his ideology in norway . 
  stick to commenting on america instead of whitewashing european politics . 
  it 's wrong because the vote took voters by surprise and was n't supposed to happen .
