founding day of the gdr and a national holiday back then . 
  it was politically expedient to get the reunification done before that . 
  though , mostly it was to ensure it was placed before the 7th of october . 
  now you are making me want to play fallout ruhrpott . 
  i hope you are happy with yourself . 
  [ you can . 
  ] ( https://www.amazon.de/usa-stars-stripes-anzug-suitmeister/dp/b015k1klw0/ref=sr_1_cc_3?s=aps&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1478260944&amp;sr=1-3-catcorr&amp;keywords=stars+and+stripes+suit ), 
  gema 2 - electric boogaloo, 
   a cursory research tells us the articles predictions were actually right and many slaughterhouses actually closed doors due to the new regulations . 
  actual familiarity with the industry suggests that the bse crisis , foot-and-mouth , consolidation in the retail market and consistent gold-plating of introduced legislation by the uk lawmakers were far greater factors . 
  basically it is designed to keep you leafing through the paper as much as possible to expose you to as many ads as possible as often as possible . 
  otherwise you might just go straight to your preferred pages and ignore the rest . 
  he missed at least two of them . 
  a remake of [ vicky the viking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vicky_the_viking ) ? 
  one the one hand , yes please . 
  on the gripping hand , disney . 
  talk about being trapped between a rock and a hard viking . 
  that way you ca n't miss . 
  means less wastage . 
  danelaw , making england great again ? 
   alcatel owned by a chinese company now . 
  not even that much is needed . 
  remants of school russian are enough . 
  watch the morocco video . 
  pay attention to the map in there . 
  and ? 
  that 's not a distinguishing feature . 
  i have you know that essex is not more pretentious than any of the other counties in the south-east . 
  better than you know the english apparently . 
  then you do n't know the english . 
  he expresses a heightened interest in progressing with the gleichschaltung of the british academia . 
   is lukas podolski a pole or a german ? 
  loaded question . 
  what was his performance in the last game ? 
  people needed sticks to hit each other with . 
  well , who but samuel l. jackson . 
  only samuel l. jackson belongs on samuel l. jackson 's passport after all . 
  do you mean ernst th\u00e4lmann ? 
  he was executed in buchenwald in '44 and really has nothing to do with it . 
  ulbricht was a hard-line stalinist , even after stalin 's death and the rejection of stalinism went rather quietly in the gdr along the lines of `` errors were made '' and `` stalin was a fallible human grasping too far '', 
  uk would have to do a separate one for each of its nations . 
  but then everybody would try to to get a welsh one . 
  because , who does n't want a dragon on their passport ? 
  well , you lost and brexit means brexit . 
  no more eu sexiness for you . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  brits want their blue passports back . 
  that 's what brexit was all about , at least according to the sun . 
  that 's the major part of it . 
  instead of five men needing half a day to muck out a stable one man in a front loader pushes the shit out in half an hour . 
  look at the people in the street scenes . 
  payment processor terms of service are available for you to read online . 
  you may want to pay attention to any mention of the term `` floor limit '' that governs the * minimum * amount your payment processor allows you to put through their card terminal . 
  but it is not in the contract with the payment processor . 
  and how is this a breach of contract ? 
  we 're not talking a few dozen hives in a secret best spots . 
  we are talking tens of thousands of hives in miles upon miles of monoculture like californian almond groves . 
  like this : http://georgiabees.blogspot.co.uk/2010/09/migratory-honeybee-hives-northern.html you pack them onto big trailers and hire your pollination services out to factory farms . 
   `` you ca n't trust jews , they eat the blood of palestinian children in the ceremonies . '', 
  [ the more things change the more they stay the same . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_libel ), 
  do n't worry . 
  is still 2.0397882 * 10 ^ 46, 
  that looks more delicious than it has any right to be . 
  because prisoners kept busy playing games or watching tv do n't have time to plot escape , to play mind-games with the under-staffed wardens or to get into arguments and shanking each other . 
  and they have a vested interest in behaving in a way that ensures they keep these privileges . 
  and sheep will be nervous . 
  it is a beer for people who do n't drink beer . 
  it was the holiest of roman empires, 
  not just abattoirs but also farming practices . 
   it is also the same chemical element used in chemical weapons , it is also the same chemical element that is used in table salt !, 
  can we go with ex-holy-roman-empire instead ? 
  do n't worry . 
  you can get a plug for only # 5 . 
  yes , and i buy them from lidl in the uk . 
  they are available here too . 
  they are the same bags . 
  i do n't know whether it 's just a bad batch or if it is general or some quality control failure inbetween but i did not have good experiences with this particular style of bag purchased from a german supermarket chain . 
  you never go full nuclear !, 
  and in mid-battle it will transform into a mecha ? 
  a big part is weight . 
  if you can deliver the same amount of product but your packaging ( plastic bottles ) weighs less you can stack them higher in the warehouse , saving floor space , load up your lorries with more product ( the maximum vehicle weight for an artic here is 44 tonnes , if you lose a smaller percentage of that to drinks packaging you can deliver more value per load ) or save fuel by having a lighter trailer at full load . 
  it even means that store staff can have an easier time re-stocking . 
  economy of scale being what it is we might still see it spread to the rest of europe . 
  really ? 
  the ones i get from the supermarkets usually split at the seams after the third or fourth use . 
  food hygiene laws being what they are , do n't hold your breath for it . 
  oh that sexy sexy polycarbonate ... 
  i do n't know if it is just the photos but that layout and lighting makes this thing look like a multi-story car park . 
  and it must be breeding season , the way they decorated themselves to attract a mate . 
  okay , my ford focus may be a bit rugged but that 's no reason to insult it like that . 
  no , it has n't . 
  in part because the means - canned spray paint - were n't easily available . 
  it has been racing to catch up with the west since 1989 . 
  and he got germany off defaulting to ralph siegel every esc . 
  hydrofluoric acid, 
  but sharks are awesome !, 
  so political correctness , being a shark , is awesome too !, 
  that 's what the head of state is for in a civilised country . 
  no , the pommern-fritz is dead .
