  it 's not norways or germanys job to coddle citizens of other nations . 
  i loved how finland won with lordi in 2006 : a heavy metal/hard rock band dressed up as monsters . 
  this deserves more upvotes . 
  it 's nice to be attacked for something you are born into , is n't it ? 
  i did not choose to be `` the mightiest western ally '' of the usa . 
  the only hypocrisy i spot here is your obvious finger in the ears singing `` lalala i ca n't hear you '' on the own dirt on your shoes while simultaneously pointing fingers at other 's dirt . 
  but please , if gitmo is of such great concern to you , feel free to advocate to your country leaders to offer citizenship to the prisoners so they have somewhere to go to . 
  i 'm sure they 'll gladly take their fellow brothers in . 
  umma and stuff . 
  otherwise , do n't expect others to solve your concerns . 
  that 's hypocrisy too . 
  german wikipedia on the referendum , ran through a translator :  the [ venice ] commission also criticized deficiencies in the parliamentary vote in ankara in january 2017 , which launched the popular vote . 
  the deputies of the akp government division were forced to give their votes openly . 
  several members of the second largest opposition party were unable to participate in the vote because they were in jail . 
  finally , the legal experts are of the opinion that the popular vote should not be held during the current state of emergency since , in these circumstances , the free access of voters to the polls is not certain . 
  i got my info from a turkish migrant association in germany and that 's their summary . 
  you are not the first to mention this , though . 
  even then , the system changes are so deep with so much power concentrated int o the hands of one man , that just voting a new person in might even make it worse . 
  we have a system where we can drown out opposition . 
  hurdles are in place purposefully to make changes of law hard . 
  politics needs compromise to work for all people , not just those currently in power . 
  at this point , erdogan rules under a state of emergency , anyways . 
  he does not even need to silence his parliament at this point . 
  i feel like the contents of the referendum where purposefully made hard to overview , while making the yes or no question about `` are you team erdogan '' . 
  they made it about patriotism , but in a way like being for a football team . 
  turkish people in germany face some racism , especially since muslim terror is on the rise . 
  they did n't want to listen to the pesky know-it-all germans . 
  they felt like criticising erdogan was a personal attack on them or their nationality . 
  it 's a bit similar to poorer people voting trump in america . 
  they just wanted to show a middle finger to all those people who act like they know better . 
  i do n't get why people keep a double citizenship for so long anyways . 
  the german-turkish `` protest voters '' are n't those who will have to pay for what their vote bought . 
  they will sit comfortably in a country with good social security , while their brothers suffer . 
  i feel like the contents of the referendum where purposefully made hard to overview , while making the yes or no question about `` are you team erdogan '' . 
  they made it about patriotism , but in a way like being for a football team . 
  turkish people in germany face some racism , especially since muslim terror is on the rise . 
  they did n't want to listen to the pesky know-it-all germans . 
  they felt like criticising erdogan was a personal attack on them or their nationality . 
  it 's a bit similar to poorer people voting trump in america . 
  they just wanted to show a middle finger to all those people who act like they know better . 
  especially since people are so easily led astray by populists , especially when silencing critics and opposition on a whim . 
  this alone is pretty bad . 
  now throw in the recently imprisoned 35000 people ( laicist military , journalists , even people criticising on facebook or twitter ) , the teachers and officials who got purged from their position and the news outlets that got a ban , got shut down or bought and you get a place where opposition is silent and people get fed propaganda 24/7 . 
  there is a certain arrogance on both sides of the debate , sadly . 
  this way of discussing helps nobody except those who profit from populism . 
  turkish people in germany sometimes act like criticising erdogans recent politics is racism or a personal attack on them . 
  it feels like it 's a weird way of patriotism , but more basic . 
  like cheering for a football team . 
  please do n't . 
  europe is scared shitless of him releasing the refugees on us . 
  [ tgd ] ( http://www.tgd.de/2017/02/27/nein-zur-verfassungsaenderung-in-der-tuerkei/# ) a turkish migrant association in germany . 
  i am german and i ran this through a translator . 
  the page is in german or turkish . 
  will add this to the starting post . 
  i did not read the whole bill about this and i am no expert . 
  i got this summary from a turkish migrant association in germany . 
  if you know more please feel free to add your knowledge . 
  did you also change the system that was in place , or did you just change the puppet master who now happily pulls the strings in place of the old guy ? 
  a system that drowns out any criticism or opposition ca n't be healthy for a country . 
  i am no political expert , but i am certain that the usa has a few mechanisms in place that can counter abuse of their system . 
  just look at how trumps muslim ban got shattered by court , for example . 
  also , trump can not just put people in place , he nominates them . 
  also , there is a way to remove an unfit president - impeachment . 
  it needs a 2/3 majority in congress which is hard to achieve , but it can happen . 
  i have n't heard of any counter mechanisms in place to keep erdogan from damaging his country . 
  i feel deeply sorry for those 48 % of people who voted `` no '' . 
  the `` yes '' camp acts like they had a stunning victory , when in reality the margin was very close . 
  it 's such a deep , influental decision and turkeys population is very split on this . 
  i hope they find a way to let opposition be heard . 
  feel free to add them . 
  honestly , i am only one person and no encyclopedia . 
  i ca n't see everything . 
  yes , i think some of the points standing for themselves are not so problematic , since we see some of them in other countries as well . 
  but adding them all together concentrates so much power into the hands of one that at this point it seems like only a coup d'\u00e9tat can remove an unpopular president . 
  i am not sure i understand your question . 
  you mean , should n't the parliament be able to decide if there can be a referendum ? 
  if that 's your question , i honestly have no idea . 
  i am in no way an expert on the turkish political system . 
  aww !, 
  :( but i like you !, 
  i am of the opinion that anyone living here with two citizenships after decades has no real incentive to integrate into the society he chooses to live in and should decide at some point . 
  how about you do n't cherry pick my comments for something you can attack , but go for my actual arguments ? 
  i am more than happy to discuss on a grown-up level with you . 
  are you muslim , by any chance ? 
  there are similar points , with the usa having other checks in places to make sure the president can not snap and completely run things alone . 
  look how trump tried to get the immigration law in place but got it shattered by court . 
  i 'm not sure if turkey will have anything in place to veto a damaging decree . 
  i do n't think the president could just dissolve congress . 
  also , the president of the usa can be impeached or removed if unfit . 
  i think congress needs a 2/3 majority for that . 
  well , `` honi soit qui mal y pense '' , but they needed some kind of hook-in argument to concentrate more power to erdogan , while simultaneously make it look like a neccessity and making him look like the victim ? 
  turkey even blocked certain websites ( social media , charlie hebdo , kurdish activists , amongst others ) to drown out even the english critical voices . 
  even reddit was banned for a short time in 2015 . 
  for `` scandalous content '' . 
  there was a coup a year ago . 
  it 's a personal opinion and prolly dabs into conspiracy , but i do n't see any evidentiary proof that the backers and heads of this were the g\u00fclen movement . 
  i would go as far as saying the whole thing stinks and might have been staged for the very purpose of allowing erdogan to start this avalanche of political change in his favour . 
  i have such a bad gut feeling about all those opposition politicians and critics that are currently locked up in some shithole . 
  if he really wants to go for the death penalty , they 're propably considered as traitors . . 
  i am not a political analyst either and i may miss a point here and there .
