medications and some procedures in the us are ridiculously expensive compared to europe . 
  even if their government pays the same , you can not buy the same pills for that . 
  it has to do with their fear of balancing certain markets . 
  and we get called nazis . 
  it depends on what you want to feed people , i suppose . 
  there is a reason for regions of the world having different `` staple foods '' like rice , potatoes , grains like wheat , sorghum . 
  or just compare the nutritional value of a pound of peanuts to a pound of steak . 
  legumes contain a fair amount of protein , too . 
  so do seeds if you let them sprout . 
  i am not vegetarian myself , but i get the logic behind the reasoning : the amount of grain you need to feed to an animal to get the meat to keep one peron satisfied , would directly feed 4 - 16 people depending on the animal . 
  rearing animals makes sense where staple foods can not be grown - in mountaineous regions , cold regions ( think of reindeers in lapland , for example ) , arid regions ( the old lifestyle here was nomadic herds , but desertification and overpopulation make it harder here ) or otherwisely hardly accessible or cultivable terrain where fodder plants like grass grow to feed lifestock but not humans . 
  in my opinion , it makes a nice addition to the cultivation of staple foods , but nowadays is blown out of proportion for what 's healthy for humans and our planet . 
  another problem is the growing of luxury cash crops like cotton , cocoa and coffee in regions where hunger and poverty is prevalent . 
  i get that they need an economy and exports , too , but it happens on the backs of hungry people who could grow staples there . 
  our planet could feed us all right now . 
  we just need to distribute our ressources to all . 
  i think it was einstein who once argued that our world could feed so many more people if we drastically reduced meat production . 
  a vegan world could easily feed 10 billion since you do n't filter your nutrients through another animal , which wastes a lot of calories . 
  you could argument a bit less blunt and say that over time and generations , their religious stance will propably become closer to an european christians religious stance : celebrating big holidays but otherwise not care for their religion an awful lot . 
  it is socially acceptable in our culture to even abstain from religion at all without need for exile and fear for ones life . 
  the `` norm '' is for women to be just as educated as men and therefore more able to provide for themselves , not be as dependant on their families or husbands . 
  at one point in their life they will learn about enlightenment , humanism and feminism . 
  and as soon as even their sons , brothers and fathers learn about it , the change will happen gradually . 
  they still have the choice to believe , marry young and live a devout life . 
  it is just not a necessity for survival in our countries to be this aligned . 
  this is gold . 
  edit : but please do n't leave !, 
   vat like tampons ? 
  or lactose-free supplement foods ? 
  but only the ones with a good economy . 
  germany would be stuck just paying for the bottom feeders . 
  or dodged a bullet . 
  only the future can tell . 
  he has a point . 
  a group needs borders to distinguish themselves from another group . 
  they define what makes up their group - be it blood relations , language , looks , interests or whatever - and use this as a tool to establish a border between `` them '' and `` us '' , often coming with a sense of betterthanyouness . 
  this is what is called `` othering '' and what leads to racism , discrimination and less altruism towards any `` outsider '' . 
  i am not saying kill off all the differences . 
  but he is right in that regard . 
  i wonder why you still have china towns and latin american quarters , where some residents spend their whole lifes without ever needing to speak english . 
  i am sorry you feel that way . 
  kinda . 
  humans are kinda wired to unify when `` othering '' someone else . 
  that 's also why racism exists - it strengthens the bond of the `` inside '' group . 
  they only knew potato and malnourish ? 
  i just do n't understand what 's so bad about ristorante pizzas . 
  they 're a perfectly fine guilty pleasure convenience food here . . 
  so does a dog turd . 
  well - you stole their hot chicks and they did n't learn to cook at home ? 
  flammkuchen is a german dish . 
  just because you stole elsass-lothringen ( the alsace-lorraine ) , does n't mean you get the origins of flammkuchen with it !, 
  :p you can keep the foie gras , tho . 
  just bring the chocolate and the cheese . 
  it 's good enough to even the other stuff out . 
  and also your food has funny names like kibbeling . 
  i see . 
  they are around 15 year olds and play call of duty , then . . 
  germany has them , too !, 
  it 's fine , they have tartes . 
  in german it means turd , too . 
  kacka ( = spoken like kakka ) means turd in german . 
  i always laugh my butt off when i see pepparkakka in ikea . 
  like a dog turd with only a bit of diarrhea ? 
  but what did they eat before ? 
  oh god this is glorious . 
  i love finnish language and understand only a handful of words ( saatana , ripuli , krapula - do n't ask ) , but it 's hilarious af . 
  is only hallucination from malnourish . 
  eugh ... take your upvote and leave !, 
  bet he could n't resist and ate one . 
  place of origin makes no difference to an argument . 
  everyone willing to learn about a topic can inform themselves and read a book . 
  i would go as far and argument against your opinion : you being born in turkey and having an emotional attachment shifts your opinion of the ottoman empire away from facts to gut feelings , because you see your cultural identity compromised here . 
  i 'd wager a person who does not either live in europe or turkey , thus having no stakes in the debate ( for example eu ) and not being brainwashed from propaganda of either side , and having written a thesis about the topic , may know an inkling more about the thing he speaks about . 
  everybody can buy an atlas with croatia in it . 
  if my parents had done this they would never ever come near my child again . 
  we had a religion class in school - but not just about our own religions , it taught about the big world religions , about cults and sects , ethics , atheism theories and cultural history around religion , like luther , voltaire , etc. 
  general history class is already pretty full of `` actual '' modern history . 
  we did n't even have time to occupy modern history of other regions and very little about history past wwii . 
  please do n't also cram religion in there , too . 
  i 'm from europe , by the way . 
  i visited a school under a catholic institution and even here nobody in their right mind would even touch creationism remotely as truth . 
  it had a more scientific approach to religious history and was pretty critical . 
  it definitely had its place in my education , even as a nonbeliever . 
  it had nothing to do with being taught the liturgy and customs of your religious institutions - that is what confirmation class is for , it 's not part of school here . 
  imho creationism can be told like a fairytale to toddlers just like the easter rabbit and santa claus . 
  it is a fluffy , easy thing to understand for a child . 
  they will find out about evolution later in their lives , anyways . 
  it is also not always a bad thing to know some biblical stories , it is after all a cultural heritage and part of the religious group that you grew up in , if you did . 
  most people i know are familiar with genesis and are perfectly able to distinguish between a millennia old creation myth written by people who did not have the scientific means to explain their surroundings and a scientific theory . 
  most `` believe '' ( a bad word for this context , since science is true no matter if you believe in it or not ) in evolution . 
   creationism has no grounds to be taught in a science class true . 
  teach about evolution in science class , teach the genesis or whatever creation myth religions have to offer in a religion class . 
   whatever the reasons for staging it my guess would be legitimizing getting rid of government workers with undesireable viewpoints . 
  have fun in the middle ages , bro . 
  well , compared to hitler , luckily trump is wildly unpopular . 
  shhh !, 
  back to tumblr with you !, 
  dunno why they downvoted you , the joke was obvious and i chuckled . 
  have an upvote . 
  but why not ?
