prisons are damn expensive not only to build but to sustain . 
  in bulgaria some prisons have 5-6 people in a single cell because the state cant afford ( and doesnt really want to invest more ) bigger/more prisons . 
   hay wan na implement a system where everybody gets paid some minimal amount of money instead of the clusterfuck of benefits we have ? 
  it will make everything wonderful !, 
   does eu pay for it . 
   fuck that !, 
  ftfy our social and health systems are already unsustainable . 
  we have a similar one in bulgaria too . 
  the situation is pretty much the same in bulgaria . 
  if promoting terrorism againts the western ( or any ) world isnt hate speech i dont know what is . 
  damn i love romania and what its doing with corruption . 
  i wish bulgaria could be more like this . 
  the 2nd part was more of a general statement about recruitment not specificly about women . 
  teenagers in general are one of the easiest target audiences to propaganda . 
  they dont have a well establsihed view of themselfes , their familiy let alone the world . 
  add to that mixture religion which is usually thought to be followed blindly ( because it wont make sense any other way ) you create a person that is really easy to manipualte . 
  needless to say they are probalby lied to also . 
  the base of recruiting extremists is gloryfication it seems . 
  the whole structure seems to be that you will be praised as some kind of a martyr if you die for their holy cause and you will be rewarded in the afterlife . 
  once again combined with the thing said above its easy to manipulate a person . 
  religion doesnt even have to be the base of this , it will work perfectly well with nationalism as a replacement cause too . 
  edit : not an expert just my outsider view of the situation . 
  honestly tho 2 wrongs dont make a right . 
   the fact that the uk has given multiple times more in aid to the region around syria than anyone else in the eu can you elaborate ? 
  im not really aware of what uk has been doing in syria . 
  can someone throw a couple of thousand euros at me too . 
  please . 
  for a moment there i misread it as wife throwing and boot carrying . 
  it could be quite entertaining . 
   why are n't you surprised it could be a neo-nazi group ? 
  do you even read mate . 
   actual neo-nazi groups tend to prefer their own flags for pr stunts and stuff . 
  is this for real ? 
  i was under the assumption its historical fact that stalin and hitler basically split poland each taking their own part . 
  okey call me ignorant but i dont get something in this story . 
  so you are stuck in a truck with 70 more people . 
  one of you dies , what the hell are the rest doing ? 
  waiting for one more and one more to die ? 
  surely 70 people can break the door from the inside ... 
  i just dont get it . 
  hey cmon , we have feelings too . 
  im not a 100 % sure but i believe according to the their holy book you can lie to non muslim . 
  french : not exactly a move but i love the 2002s mini series les miserables with gerard depardieu and john malkovich . 
  germany : der untergang ( downfall ) , its about the last days of the fall of the third reich and the battle of berlin . 
  if you are interested in ww2 you should watch it ( or you probably already have ) . 
  these are literaly the first that come to mind but im not really a movies person . 
  i think its possible to rehabilitate isis fighters , its easy for young people to get misguided ( assuming they arent too deep ) . 
  that said , this guy is a obviously a psychopath , those kind of people cant be rehabilitated . 
  even tho they are not violent a significent part of them support violent acts like the hebdo shooting . 
  thats a problem . 
  there arent thousands of immigrants on the borders of bulgaria potentially threatening the lives of the policemen that guard it . 
  oh and after 2 months im finaly getting a job as a graphic designer . 
  there was something similar with bulgarian tourism , the problem is russian tourists tend to spend more . 
  safe zones wont do jackshit , these people are tired of poverty thats why they are headed to western europe and dont just stop their migration once they leave their country . 
  ye mines are mind blowingly effective . 
  on the bulgarian national news they showed the crowd throwing rocks ( not sure if rocks but i dont see what else could be ) at the police and the police using tear gas . 
  you are seriously underestimating the crowd mentallity . 
  individually it will be a problem , numbers do make a difference . 
  i can understand it with harmful drugs even tho i think they should be legal ( people should have the choice ) , still i can understand why they arent . 
  the same arguments that are used anti or pro drugs can be used when it comes to alchohol and cigars too . 
  you really cant make the same argument about sex tho , assuming proper protection is used its perfectly safe . 
  my bet on why sex is criminalised is religious influence . 
  i dont need an article on economist to point out common sense but much appriciated . 
  in bulgaria its usually just the initials for example p.d. 
  if the case is big , sometimes if the people invovled are plublic figures they get revealed . 
  source : experience . 
  edit : terrible sentance structure.tried to fix it . 
  it seems blogging is a popular activity in bangladesh . 
  on a more serious note , why does it seem like its always muslim brits that are involved in extremism . 
  all those moneys , while i cant afford a $ 600 laptop . 
  dammit . 
  on a more serious note , i didnt expect the numbers to be so high , but i can see why it will add u so quickly . 
  around the balkans we can barely call ourselves slavic if we have to be honest . 
  if you visit poland you will see overwhelming majority of people that look slavic , on the balkans its not quite like that . 
  we are living in a crossroad and after over a thousand of years the bloodlines here are completely mixed . 
  a more serious question is why doesnt saudi arabia get involved , they have a huge military resource , why does always the west have to deal with shit like that . 
  why cant the rich islamic states be the main force behind the solution . 
  its healthy ( to some extent ) , they deal with rats/mice while also being quite charming and harmless . 
  btw : i live in varna too . 
  and yes i can confirm , lots of cats . 
  that will make him feel better , 
  just a note that the source isnt the most reliable one . 
  edit : update , it seems that he suffered from a rare disease of the aorta ( there were no symptoms shown ) which caused internal bleeding . 
  it is confirmed by the 2 biggest news agencies in bulgaria . 
  nah thats more with the fyroms ... i think . 
  probably serbia , similar traditions , language , cuisine . 
  fuck now im jealous . 
  well we arent in exactly a loving relationship with the fyroms . 
  ( even tho the hate mostly comes from there ), 
  correct me if im wrong i was in poland 7-8 years ago and the impresson i had for krakow was that they have extremely violent football hooligans . 
  thats almost romantic . 
  you can actually last that long ? 
  bravo good sir . 
  what a wanker ... 
  i never said i hate the french . 
  maybe you shouldnt be the one to tell me what i feel ... stuff like this is why no one likes the french . 
  not liking something now means hating it , riiiight ... 
  i didnt say `` exactly this is why no one likes the french '' . 
  i said stuff like this aka being dicks . 
  stuff like this is why no one likes the french .
