could just as easily be north yorkshire moors , yorkshire dales , or the lakes ( or many other areas of england and wales probably ), 
  but did n't the rainbow come after the flood ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/interactive/2012/jan/25/europe-news-eu from 2012 net contributions germany -8.88 bn uk -5.40 bn france -5.068 bn italy -4.167 bn, 
  for those who are interested the britsh currencies they are being convereted to are pounds , shillings and pence ; with 12 pence to the shilling and 20 shillings to the pound . 
  upvote for `` afters '' . 
  goldcliff is tiny , howick even smaller , like , ten houses small . 
  why have they been marked ? 
  just as reference location points , why not pick more significant landmarks . 
  or do they have greater significance that i 'm missing . 
  interesting about the ouse . 
  i never realised that the there was a river ouse in lincolnshire , let alone that long ago it was the same river as the ouse through york . 
  very interesting that the name for both has persisted for 18000 years . 
  and that the tees ( my home town sits on it ) is part of the same river system . 
  ** middlesbrough ** is just a small town in europe . 
  but we gave you : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sydney_harbour_bridge + several other world bridges . 
  [ australia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_cook ) and just over the river we gave you [ trains ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockton_and_darlington_railway ) just 25 miles away is also the winners of the [ first world cup ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_auckland_town_f.c . ), 
  how come you guys are looking at around a 1000km of high speed rail , across borders by 2025 , and in the uk its going to take us as long to lay just 225km with a ( possible ) further 300km by 2033 if we 're lucky ... 
  i read a post on reddit actually explaining you wouldnt need to own one . 
  its easy to envisage a model where you sign up to a car service ( perhaps with a pay as ypu use option for low users - analogous to taxis or a subscription service for regular daily users ) . 
  when you need one you dial one ( or say have it booked for a daily commute ) it arrives at your house minutes later . 
  hop in , it goes where you want to be and then heads off foe the next pickup . 
  cars are the in use 24/7 rather than spending 22 hours a day parked . 
  they can be maintained cheaper as a fleet . 
  so build a structure that respects both . 
  our reporting has had percentages , they 've varied wildly . 
  some products have been found with trace amounts , some , including findus lasagne , were 60 - 100 % horse . 
  so have a meeting and discuss his problems then ? 
  oh no clearly the way to work through these problems is to not turn up to meetings , refuse to answer the phone and then complain that britain should n't ask for exceptions and should negotiate and play a part ... 
  which is exactly what neoliberal said . 
  the rebate is up for discussion , if we also get some fixes to the cap . 
  unfortunately france would veto the fuck out of any changes to the cap , and apparently we 're the obtuse ones . 
  fuck you . 
  germany does n't even net contribute 8bn and their gdp is a trillion dollars more than ours . 
  compare : france , gdp 2.6 tr $ , gives 18.1 bneuro , recives 13.1 bneuro , net contribution 5.0 bn $ euro germany , gdp 3.4 tr $ , gives 19.7 bneuro , recives 12.1 bneuro , net contibution 7.6 bneuro uk gdp 2.4 tr $ , gives 11.3 bneuro ( including 3.6 bn rebate ) , recives 6.6 bneuro , net contribution 4.7 bneuro so our net contribution is similar to france , a country of similar gdp . 
  and somehow we 're being dicks for not paying another 3.6 bn $ . 
  we get half back what comparative countries do , that 's why we have the rebate . 
  but its not that simple is it . 
  thanks to fptp if you are a righty eurosceptic , and do n't feel the somewhat confused tories are eurosceptic enough and would like to vote ukip . 
  but that lessens the tory vote if you do n't think ukip are likely to get in , you 'd vote tory to avoid returning labour who 'd actually maneuver closer to europe . 
  and that 's even if you are just considering the one issue . 
  as a lot of people have said it 's just not that simple . 
  this is getting into aside/off topic territory but ... 
  thanks to the partisan system we run , mps are already far more accountable to their party than to their constituents . 
  my constituency is safe labour . 
  you could put a monkey in a red rosette , and they 'd get elected . 
  our mp was totally disinterested in the local area , reportedly spent most of his summers in france , and did n't hold a surgery or even turn up to a general election hustings in 20 years . 
  he 'd vote with the whip over his local folk every time . 
  but it 's still better in the eyes of most people locally to have a red government over a blue one . 
  we have a system that gives us national parties , not local representation , people know this and they vote for national parties not local representation , they only sticking point is we have this system in the middle trying to give us local representation . 
  av would have done nothing to fix this . 
  all it would have done is make a reasonably sized minority of people feel a little better about voting for their second or third choice to keep their last choice out , and allow them at least register that they are actually more interested in the third or fourth place party even if their vote puts them no closer to power . 
  i ca n't tell what he is . 
  he 'll tell you where the tories are going wrong in his opinion ( everywhere ) , he 'll tell you they are n't nulab . 
  but he wo n't say what they are . 
  no love for the yorkshire independence movement ? 
  figures admittedly a couple of years old , but it 's what i have to hand . 
  compare : france , gdp 2.6 tr $ , gives 18.1 bneuro , recives 13.1 bneuro , net contribution 5.0 bn $ euro germany , gdp 3.4 tr $ , gives 19.7 bneuro , recives 12.1 bneuro , net contibution 7.6 bneuro uk gdp 2.4 tr $ , gives 11.3 bneuro ( including 3.6 bn rebate ) , recives 6.6 bneuro , net contribution 4.7 bneuro so our net contribution is similar to france , a country of similar gdp . 
  and somehow we 're being dicks for not paying another 3.6 bneuro . 
  we get half back what comparative countries do , that 's why we have the rebate . 
  aww thats a bit disappointing . 
  fun fact . 
  there are two separate rivers in the uk , one through the wash ( marked on the map as the ouse , and one running through yorkshire both called the ouse . 
  its weird today , but when you see this map its easier to see they were one two tributaries of the same river and it makes more sense . 
  one has to assume the name has been round a long time . 
  evel is a terrible solution which may be totally unworkable anyway . 
  the only thing in its favour is it is a relatively minor change to the system . 
  its a band-aid which kicks that can further down the road . 
  it eliminates one `` layer '' of tactical voting , at the individual constituancy level . 
  it also removes some pressure to tactical vote at the national level . 
  but you are right it doesnt totally remove it . 
  i think it could ( or at least should ) go along with some regional devolution reorganisation . 
  scotland wants more powers for itself , and its fair to say their argument is strong . 
  however the system is creaking and its difficult to devolve more power without devolving some of the decision making about england to its own process . 
  theres talk of evel within westminster but that seems like a status quo conservative fudge . 
  some powers really needs to be moved outside of westminster . 
  and that sets up a great oportunity for some regional devolution to help address the gulf between london and the rest of the country . 
  it all fits together but scarcly anyone has mentioned it during the campaign . 
  and av is no more proportional than the first past the post system . 
  it just eliminates the need for tactical voting . 
  av is fptp with bells on . 
  surely if everyone adopted that attitude you 'd just end up with `` stateless ping pong '' . 
  if a tree is censored in a forest does it make a sound ? 
  it was n't a shy tory factor in the general election . 
  it was bad polling . 
  all the presentation is fucked up . 
  why give the `` leave '' graph at the bottom , as percent saying leave , while giving the stay chart as `` net '' stay . 
  at a glance it looks like in the uk 40 say leave while 10 % say stay , where as at a closer look its 10 % more say stay than leave . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj_ahcpzl4k everyone of a certain generation will sing this too . 
  even if it does n't cover broadcast tv , by fixing the online market , broadcast will have to keep up or just die all the quicker . 
  i 'm not so sure , if they have n't invoked a50 , they 'd have to be very strong with a plan for doing so in the campaign to stand any chance . 
  tory brexit voters will be really pissed off if there is no action by that point and may not be in the mood to trust that it will definitely happen later . 
  so they 'll lose voters , and depending on how it looks mps to someone with a stronger leave plan . 
  not sure who that would be though ? 
  a resurgent ukip ( though admittedly at the moment this seems unlikely - they 've no leadership - i just do n't know where else disaffected tory brexiteers would go ) ? 
  probably not enough to increase their number of mps significantly ( probably by a few ) but enough to harm the tories and have them losing seats to second places ( a few more for labour ? ) . 
  this probably leads to hung parliament again , but with a lot more riding on the negotiations . 
  and this creates a feed back loop . 
  if a hung parliament and a negociated settlement is a possibility then that in turn weakens the tories need to be able to claim a strong plan for brexit . 
  yeah i can . 
  tbh , i 'm really pissed we are leaving , but i 'm fucking fuming that the leave offer was a complete unknown .
