he must be gold or something, 
  one bad play means he 's not ? 
  lol . 
  and tbh i do n't think he 's the best , i think lemonnation is better . 
  just watch his comment history , he 's really negative just ignore him, 
  or maybe somthing like this `` highest kda on zed in this league '' . 
  to make it competitive ? 
  you might be right but there is a diffrence . 
  vvvortic is that you, 
  lets not try to overestimate him now . . 
  so deep, 
  could be possible , it 's like saying how come people give donations to streamers/youtubers ? 
  exactly the same thing just that they bought him something instead of giving money . 
  this subreddit favors na brats, 
  i seriously get 1 ping on cs go sometimes, 
  yeah they have a smite team and if i 'm not wrong the won the championships there . 
  yeah if you take 1 free auto in lane as a adc my supports usually flame the shit out of me and threaten to afk ... 
  she looks awful tbh , but it 's probably cause i 'm not into asian girls , seems like this entire subreddit is . 
  best tip you could possibly get is probably this, 
  ignore the fact that it 's ranked , play for fun and trust me you 'll improve , at least thats how i climbed . 
  first page material, 
  damn , im doing really good with her in soloq atm , diamond 5 euw . 
  sweden friends arena pliz, 
  when i read it fast i thought you wrote runescape, 
  nononono shen when ahead deals more damage than renekton and is as tanky as a mundo, 
  when ever the odds are against tsm to win a game they always come out strong and win !, 
  maybe not best western , we havnt seen fnatic vs sk yet if im wrong , and tsm/clg looks really good aswell and i think those 3 could give sk a shot . 
  is it a ultimate skin ? 
  i swear you 'll recieve 1k + restrictions about 1-2 days after yours ended , just watch and see yourself mate . 
  and best of all is that i didi n't even get loss prevented while my friend did . 
  `` alright '' they 're doing better than fnatic . 
  only time will show , but i think eu is ahead , but not by far . 
  elise has 42 % win ratio in ranked , that 's freaking insane !, 
  have you lived under a rock for a while ? 
  is it on the pbe ? 
  best troll post ever 10/10 . 
  server : euw, 
  game mode : normal 5v5, 
  ign free s, 
  americans make `` 10k '' per month , what have you been smoking mate ? 
  not even best in eu, 
  i think they would , tsm has played extremly well and sk , not so well . 
  you 're just too dumb to argue with, 
  good day to be a tsm and fc barcelona fan , 
  uh , yeah it is ? 
  yes , it 's his , he transfered from euw , and when you transfer you ca n't get above platinum 1 , but he still has challenger mmr . 
  never seen tsm this bad, 
  literally made 0 sense, 
  why do you think tsm `` underperformed '' and has started to decline ? 
  damn just after i win 8/9 games and get to 77lp legit ... 
  which i think should n't be the case , it 's not as effective , i mean riot has the resources right ? 
  i doubt anything is too expensive for riot, 
  what is bt internet ? 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  i really think tsm is better than c9 tbh, 
  worrying trend for huhi, 
  you fucking called it lol, 
  that 's good for me , i support them no matter what other than pretty much every tsm/clg fan , whenever they do good everyone supports them and when they do bad they get bashed . 
  i think they kinda lost on purpose , just to not give out much information , i really think they 're a super strong team to win worlds , probably amongst top 3 , people are really underrating them , they lost to skt , not a bad team . 
  feels like they need a new jungler , top , adc if they really wan na try to do their best at worlds , they 're pretty much bjergsen and 4 wards atm . 
  can agree , i 'm 5 '11 and average height in the class for guys , and i 'm 16 . 
  ( sweden ), 
  yup , i guess . . 
  well qtpie is at least fun , and not whiny . 
  ohhhh laaaaaawd jesus i ca n't take this anymore, 
  because israel is the only country that is not retarded in the middle east , coming from a turk here . 
  the only thing arabs contribute with at the moment is death and misery , coming from a muslim . 
  yeah because ataturk was the cause behind the war with armenians / s, 
  you will not see this on / r/europe since pkk sympathizers are feminists fighting for equality and freedom , while turks are evil fascists commiting genocides on kurds daily . 
  i do not know the exact reason , but selahattin and jonas sj\u00f6stedt have visited eachother several times before , and apparently selahattin is not being able to visit his relatives and friends . 
  edit - typo, 
  says that in the article , and that he is not treated fairly . 
  i got the warning , is it 100 % sure that i 'll get banned , even though i 've removed everything , phantom , bypass and such , and i 'm not even using a jailbreak atm because of this . 
  my heart hurts after reading this, 
  could anyone please translate ? 
  no , obviously not . 
  giving the kurdish people a state would be really dumb , many kurds ( not all ) already support pkk and other kurdish terror organisations openly , and if they had a state , that 'd make it way worse . 
  openly funding and supporting them and turkey would n't be able to do much . 
  you can not defeat an ideology that easily . 
  the sdf protects it 's own country , it would be a whole different story if this happened on turkish soil . 
  so basically i workout 3 days in a row , then rest ? 
  and if then do i only rest for one day ? 
  again i 'm sorry if i sound really stupid . 
  god , thank you i 'm not the brightest . 
  easy answer , because germany is a far better country ? 
  nobody gets discriminated for being turkish without reason . 
  if you 're anti german and see them as your enemies because you 're turkish , only then you 'll get discriminated . 
  i live in sweden and i 've lived there my entire life , never have i gotten discriminated without reason . 
  when i was younger , 14-15 i thought it was us the immigrants versus the natives , and that 's the only time i got discriminated . 
  well deserved and made me think again . 
  not at all , i 've seen several protests showing support for pkk and \u00d6calan , and many swedish people support them , pkk isi n't even called terrorists in swedish media even though they 're stamped as terrorists by the eu . 
  i didi n't find one single swedish news site reporting on this . 
  they had pictures of pkk and abdullah \u00d6calan . 
  this was in medborgarplatsen , stockholm . 
  in other articles , they defend him . 
  i took the photo in zinkensdamm , is n't that the subway ? 
  my point was that there are many people supporting both the \u00d6calan and the pkk . 
  i do understand that some people are intelligent enough to realize that he is nothing but a terrorist , but there 's still people defending him , even demonstrating for him . 
  tell me , how was it illegally occupied ? 
  when was it kurdish ?
