true . 
  alright , etwas is n't a noun , it 's a indefinitpronomen , that is an indefinite pronoun . 
  * however * , it can become a noun if it is better defined by added context , for example in the phrase `` das gewisse etwas '' . 
  the correct denglisch would be `` how much watch ? 
  '' , though . 
  / r/trees, 
  they have to find a reason that is specific to germany , because otherwise they would have to ask themselves why they do n't act . 
  nope , in the spon poll afd is at 11.1 % for women but only at 8.9 % for men . 
  i have no idea why . 
  turkey was in the friendzone of the eu for a long time , so there was some frustration and the will to explore a new way apart from the eu . 
  secondly , i believe the disruption of syria has caused increased activity from kurdish groups who were/are fighting is . 
  turkey fears the establishment of a kurdish state between syria and turkey and is doing everything to prevent that . 
  lastly , the refugee crisis has given erdogan a very powerful tool to pressure europe with . 
  turkey hosts millions of refugees ( although the living conditions are pretty bad , i think ) and knows that they could potentially throw the eu into chaos if they ship them over to greece . 
  and europe knows this , too . 
  please take everything i said with a grain of salt , i 'm just a very casual observer . 
  i 'm good , thanks for the offer . 
   how the germans feel when we make hitler jokes what 's wrong with hitler jokes ? 
  i wonder how many people wanted to vote hillary and then saw the ballots , thought `` jeesus , even the ballots are already in mexican !! 1 ! '', 
  and then voted trump . 
  they 're dutch , they geographically ca n't talk down to anyone . 
  yeah , but in a coalition between smaller parties everyone brings in some of their ideas . 
  in the us , a primary candidate that loses has very little influence , other than supporting the frontrunner and becoming a secretary . 
  do american ballots include spanish translations ? 
  what exactly ? 
  the us still has [ lower approval of same sex marriage ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/117328/marriage.aspx ) than the western european states , and poll did n't even include equal adoption rights , which are probably more controversial than simple marriage . 
  did you think eastern europe was socially progressive ? 
   i 've seen a couple of companies getting bought by americans and then get micro-managed into oblivion a family member just lost their job because of this exact reason . 
  wenn the takeover was announced , the old bosses advised them to look for new jobs , because there were gon na be cuts . 
  ninja add : i do n't think we should rely on them not being able to develop stuff . 
  that sentiment reeks of a sense of superiority that might crash on our heads pretty quickly . 
  my university 's engineering department is full of chinese students studying for free , i do n't see why they would n't be able to do similar stuff as the german engineers once they have the know-how and patents at their disposal . 
   giving the biggest industrial giant like china all the technologies of the west yeah about that . 
  are n't chinese investors massively buying up the know-how of specialised small companies ? 
  well * pro-semitic * ... surely they do n't care about jewish people , but you can easily attack muslims on their antisemitism . 
  the enemy of their enemy is their friend , i guess . 
  irelande douze points !, 
  do n't other people do the same ? 
  well excuse us for not glueing our toddlers on skis before they can even walk . 
  well we have friesland , north friesland , which is northeast of friesland and east friesland , which is west of our friesland . 
  i like to imagine all the white stuff is cocaine . 
  my hips tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth . 
  i appreciate the elaborate response . 
  because the further we go into local events the more biased we can become . 
  single events do not make statistics , but they can drastically shape opinions . 
  whatever keeps you from talking about the class divisions the us has and needs to face . 
  the socialist party does n't jave any chance after hollande , do they ? 
  what about that macron ? 
  i heard about him in the bbc news podcast and it sounded like he had some chances , although i know basically nothing about him . 
  is n't it forbidden to openly drink alcohol in the states ? 
  hence the brown paper bags ? 
  how is a liquor bottle more offensive than a nazi salute ? 
  and why is n't the brown bag in infringement on free self-expression ? 
   it 's society 's job to root out the nutjobs how is society supposed to do that ? 
  not if you 're coming from poland . 
  that 's the plural , not the female pronoun . 
  do n't worry , he is just getting some marihuana cigarettes . 
  well , germany can not really complain either . 
  but yes , i would love to travel to the twenties and see all the city centres that have been lost . 
  well , even if they decided to demolish it beforehand . 
  you ca n't just knock down a building like that and send asbestos dust all over the city . 
  those are so many beautiful gestures . 
  i never heard about the backstory . 
  / r/evilbuildings, 
  those guys probably go to work on bikes , i doubt bullet proof glass is necessary . 
  i can absolutely recommend the parliament tour when in berlin . 
  the architecture is great , there is still some russian graffiti from ww2 and the view from the glass dome is nice . 
  the tiles are horrendous , but i quite like the windows . 
  shows that the parliament is open to the public and public scrutiny . 
  the german reichstag features the same concept . 
  when do you get the chance to make fun of belgians and germans at the same time ? 
  what did she do to advance the adoption rights of homosexual couples ? 
  i have the feeling that her unease about the wording is just pretense . 
  it 's the most socially accepted thing she state as reason to vote against same-sex marriage . 
  hey , italian marriage is a holy institution between a man and his mother !, 
   finally i will be able to ask the question . 
  man , two guys trying to propose to each other before the other one does would make a great comedy . 
  i 'm happy for you guys !, 
  welcome to the globalised world . 
  that was bad german intel and american planes . 
  so that is probably on both . 
  just a side note : inflammable and flammable mean the same thing . 
  the opposite would be nonflammable . 
  well , it 's probably because y' all just talk and act too darn funny . 
  what ? 
  nobody thinks that . 
  it 's the effect of co2 on the climate that is the problem . 
  or calling germans germans . 
  we do n't call ourselves germanen in our own language , but it 's ok that other countries are doing it . 
  yeah , i wanted to say that we europeans use southern stereotypes all the time . 
  what ? 
  nobody is gon na end travel to western europe . 
  that would be political suicide on an international as well as national level . 
  what 's the intensify tag ? 
  yes , the west got rich polluting the environment . 
  but i think the argument from china and india is n't fair , because it neglects the insane amount of knowledge and technology they can just use for free , which was developed in the west . 
  modern energy plants are much more efficient and they saved an insane amount of r&d money , so i think we can expect a little more environmentalism in return . 
   while we pay less than 20 $ for unlimited uncapped . 
   * cries in german *, 
  i think that using ground troops forces an open discussion in your country .
