so i do n't know where your idea that `` it 's easy ! '', 
  comes from . 
  my point is that borderline non-retarded kids are curious about the global pop culture they live in . 
  we went through guns 'n' roses lyrics with a dictionary the same way our parents went through their beatles lyrics . 
  i assume the todays young are not dumber than that . 
  such a coincidence !, 
  i actually bought a copy if skyrim in austria , told them i do n't want a german version , and they gave me one that turned out to be french . 
  it was called bordeciel and the city of winterhold was called fortdhiver . 
  i was too lazy to go back to the shop . 
  now of course written french and english are similar enough that that it is possible to figure out some words , but mostly i went to wherever the quest pointer ponted , fought opponents , talk to people going through all the talking options etc. 
  i did not fully understand what is going on but still it was not too bad . 
  now the point is , everybody who is not an utter fucking stupid idiot understands more english than i do french . 
  this is also why the russian example does not apply either . 
  seriously . 
  even if we on reddit are a bit of an `` elite '' , still any borderline bright 11 year old should be knowing enough to figure out the quest line . 
  today basic level english skills are exactly like basic level computer skills . 
  even related , for people usually solve computer problems by googling them . 
  so it became a very basic skill now . 
  for example , translating windows error messages made them harder to solve , because you need to translate back to english _ while trying to figure out the original wording _ then google it . 
  my issue is that you can not really understand them in western terms like left wing or right wing . 
  so you do n't really know what they want or how it changed . 
  in a sense they did go from left to right once the soviet system failed , but not necessarily in sense we would expect . 
  to collide large hadrons ? 
  this guy . 
  if you put quality above quantity , you should basically saint him : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_molyneux, 
   we have a lot of different languages , i do n't know about cultures and worldviews , how are they relevant to quake 143 , but language imho does not matter much . 
  i remember that even back around 1986 when me or my friends spoke zero english , we could still figure out what to do in the last ninja . 
  the whole software industry is , except for erp ( sap , navision ) . 
  i 'll be the rebel here and say beef soup . 
  stronger than chicken . 
  doing one on steroid use would be interesting . 
  i know a romanian-made one called naposim is popular in hungary . 
  the uk is special , for cameras are very visible , both from the bright orange box and the stripes on the road . 
  this means it is safe enough to speed as long as you have fast reflexes and can brake when you see it before you go over the stripes . 
  this is very different in countries with hidden cameras . 
  if if the goal is to catch , just rotate hidden cameras between many hiding spots and you catch a lot . 
  cams in hungary , mostly , and they are worse , because unlike bright orange uk gatsos , they are hidden . 
  at least police cars sporting radar guns are easier to spot . 
  however , the flip side of it is that i used drive at 160 km/h on the motorway m1 15 years ago and now hardly dare to do even the 130 limit because the traffic got so heavy . 
  currently i do n't see many places in hungary where it would be a not too scary experience to drive over the limit . 
  i dare anyone to try to drive from eger to szilv\u00e1sv\u00e1rad at the allowed 90 , they would end up off the road and in a creek quite quickly esp . 
  in winter . 
  seriously , what 's not to like about texas ? 
  i like the cowboy image associated with it , reminds me of my old favorite terence hill movies . 
  it is not about country size . 
  hungary must dub all the tv shows too , or else there would be a riot of old people angrily shaking walking canes around . 
  my friend worked at selling tickets at a cinema people kept asking whether the films `` need reading '' or not . 
  it is also funny how austria is basically scandinavia but with good weather in every statistic . 
  and some folks are saying south from the alps i.e. 
  graz has kind of mediterrean weather . 
  can you imagine that ? 
  scandinavian conditions , mediterrean weather ? 
  getting border guards off our asses ( schengen ) definitely helped . 
  we travelled a lot , living in budapest , skiing in austria , bathing in italy , they were annoying . 
  we buy whiskey in the duty-free shop in slovenia right on the italian border , the border guard looks at it , sees the bags and invoice that it is from the duty free , still yells at us saying no signore , no in italia , so we have to take the longer route through austria . 
  things like this were annoying . 
  then i went to work in the uk and later in austria . 
  moneymoneymoney , must be funny , in the richmanswoorld ... 
  yes , but not the usual ways . 
  the issue is not the rich influencing politics . 
  it is more like politicians and their friends getting rich . 
  but being an enemy is an excellent reason to . 
  during ww2 fluent german speakers could make a career in intelligence , mi6 , soe etc. 
   putin 's rosatom that is incredibly ideological . 
  you can not make a company responsible for the war . 
  it is not like putin 's one fucking decision ( okay , two including crimea ) now tainted every business in russia and made them unsuitable to work with . 
  in that case it is far too strong - i think about 70-90 % of `` western '' men think like e.g. 
  wives owe sex . 
  in fact , i did think it myself to before i started reading reddit , because i was not exposed to feminism in any way offline , only online . 
  it would not be fair to test immigrants to the highest `` sociology student '' level of tests , which is what you are proposing , when the majority of us would also fail the test . 
  i mean go to a working class bar and ask them . 
  the flip side is , that simply having conservative opinions does not mean people will brutally rape 11 years old children . 
  even people who think wives owe sex do not think this means it is okay take it by force then ( i for example never thought that ) , but for example they think it is okay to divorce if she does not deliver this duty . 
  so no , this is a very high standard , the average 50 years old european plumber would not pass it . 
  i do n't think violent rape can be simply explained by traditionalist , patriarchical attitudes . 
  chances are your grandpa or great-grandpa believed in gender roles and marrying a virging and stuff like that and yet was not a rapist . 
  because he was not evil . 
  conservative and evil are different things , and people can believed in outdated values but still have empathy , compassion , decency and so on . 
  the other way around : in the 1800 's it was one country . 
  differences got emphasized after wwi , treaty of trianon , formation of the little entente and so on . 
  afaik serbia also has hal\u00e1szl\u00e9 ( i think it is called riblja \u010dorba or riblja paprik\u00e1s ) and hungary calls bryndzov\u00e9 halu\u0161ky as sztrapacska , even though originally strapa\u010dky means a dish with cabbage and meat , but in practice in restaruants in hungary it is the sheep cheese and bacon kind called is sztrapacska , these two dishes got swapped . 
  it does not feel that special from the inside . 
  one thing is that is indeed visible is very good public transport , as in , tramway everywhere , not having to rely on buses . 
  another thing is lots of new apartments built , usually on a co-op basis , but getting into them is not easy , either you cough up like 20 % of the price and pay rent for the rest or go through the wohnservice website where every new posting is filled up in 2 mins . 
  to be fair , the best part of vienna life is probably what they did not take into consideration : that basically there is no such thing as bad food or drink or coffee . 
  you could blindly walk into any bakery , kebab shop or restaurant , eat or drink anything random , and it is still good . 
  people feel kind of introverted , restrained and , strangely , complaining a lot , they are not actually as happy as one would expect . 
  not much partying with neighbors kind of stuff , they keep a distance . 
  but these are probably not the criteria they measure . 
  i do n't know what exactly . 
  healthcare is okay , but could be improved , sometimes you get an appointment only weeks ahead unless you go to the private practice of the same doctor and pay a hundred , in that case appointment tomorrow . 
  what else ? 
  apparently the council spends a lot on festivals and culture and suchlike but in the city center , old districts only , not much moving in 21-22 . 
  kindergartes and schools are good , and many of them , easy to find multiple in a walking distance . 
  i wonder for example how vienna `` beats '' m\u00fcnchen . 
  because violent criminals wo n't lie when asked ? 
   turn away a girl covered in blood at the police station i seriously do n't understand this . 
  this can not possible be attributed to the usual rape-dismissing sexist attitudes when 1 ) physical harm is obvious 2 ) it is an underage girl . 
  it can not possibly be the usual `` ha ha do n't wear miniskirt to clubs '' kind of thing as it is a whole another level of it . 
  i have a horrible suspicion : maybe the police was in it all the way :  another told the authorities : `` the asian men felt they ran oxford .
