i knew it!i fucking knew it !, 
  it got obvious when merkel tried to sweap the whole incident under the carpet and the spd did not protest . 
  i like to call it neuropa, 
  also dresden is really beautiful.it is compareable to praque . 
  never heard that . 
  i just know it as `` polnischer abgang '' ( doing a polnish exit ) . 
   the submissive behaviour towards the usa should finally be ended in this case its rather self protection than submissive behaviour . 
  our goverment not only knew what was happening , they were also part of it . 
  and thats why they dont want snowden to testify at all . 
  no , like i already worte in my first statement : i am complaining because i think we should have tried to reach a compromise , but instead our goverment decided to bully everybody else to agree with the quota . 
  the compromise does not necessarily be the one i proposed . 
  i just wrote down one possible option , because i was asked how such a compromise could look like . 
  countries like turkey or lebanon are already hosting huge amounts of refugees . 
  i think those countries would be happy to let the eu build additional camps because it would mean they would have to spend less money to ensure the saftey of those people . 
  you might be right about the increasing number of people ( with a legit claim ) applying for asylum , but if we would build camps in europe then people would have to use smugglers and this means more death . 
  maybe i am to naive on that matter ... but like i said , the eu should close it 's outer schengen borders and send those who use smugglers back in one of those camps . 
  we should build refugee camps in africa and the middle east . 
  the refugees could flee to those camps and then could apply for asylum in europe . 
  eu countries who are willing to take in people could then take in a fixed quota of refugees . 
  however those countries who are not willing take in people , would have to spend more money to fund those camps . 
  they also would have to send personnel to ensure the safety of the people living in those camps . 
  refugees who would get granted asyl , should be flown directly into the eu . 
  simultaneously the eu should close its outer schengen borders and send everybody who is reaching europe by illegal means , back into one of those camps . 
  this way less people would die by trying to reach europe . 
  everybody would have the same opportunity to get asyl granted in europe ( no matter if they are rich or poor , man or woman , young or old ) . 
  less people from safe areas would try to apply for asylum in europe . 
  more money would reach those people who have a valid claim for asylum , while those who dont have a valid claim would drain less resourcess from the eu . 
  it would also ease the pressure on first contact countries like greece , italy , spain etc. 
  yes , sadly . 
  dumbest move my goverment did so far . 
  shit like this will strengthen euroscepsis in the uk ( and every other country ) . 
  also this will enforce the stereotype of the power hungry , evil germans . 
  we should have tried to reach a compromise on that matter but instead cdu/spd decided to anger our european partners , just because they want to gain the favor of the german voters back home . 
  sad but true . 
  i think one of the biggest problem of the eu is , that there is no real solidarity between the member states . 
  everybody is talking big about european values and such but in the end every country is always just looking out for theire own intrests, 
  i actuall hope we get the same problems on our border . 
  right now the german media is portraying the whole crises in a very one sided manner . 
  germany has closed its borders to relive the pressure on m\u00fcnchen and to be able to control who is coming into the country . 
  i expect we will continue to take refugees but in a more slow pace . 
  i agree with you that merkel made the situation worse for other countries , but the dublin agreement is still valid . 
  and hungary is violating this agreement by taking refugees out of hungary refugee camps and dropping them onto the austrian border . 
  this is not helping at all . 
  orban simply makes sure that hungary is not ending up with any refugees to take care of . 
  i agree , merkels politics regarding this refugee crises was very stupid so far . 
  but hungary taking all refugees form theire camps and dumping them onto the austrian border is quite a dick move as well . 
   your media called these countries nazi states could you give me a source on that ? 
  because i highly doubt it . 
  nazi refernces are not used lightly in germany . 
  east germans where no migrants . 
  stop talking about them as if they where not germans . 
  and the people from ex yugoslavia where refugees and not migrants . 
  most of them have been send back to theire country of origin by now . 
  and we are not talking about a few hundert thousands of refugees . 
  we are talking about one million alone this year . 
  i am all for helping people fleeing from war , but acting as if this situation is no biggy , is dangerous and stupid, 
  more likely it is the excact opposite of what merkel and every other european leader wants to happen . 
  tsipras already gave in to germany 's demands . 
  a new premier could mean new anti austerity demands , new conflicts , new uncertainties and with that more problems for the greek economy, 
  we really should help greece . 
  the people have already been hit hard by the economic crisis . 
  they sure as hell do n't need any refugees rioting in theire streets . 
  i am also wondering what the fuck those people think they are doing ? 
  how can you be so blind and not understand that shit like that will make the rest of europe more reluctant to help any of them . 
  let 's be honest here , every eu country demanding solidarity and none is showing any . 
  italy and greece where asking for help regarding the influx of refugees for a while now and they got nothing . 
  now that france and germany is impacted , the whole crisis all of sudden is supposed to be an european problem . 
  poland and other eu countries near russia where demanding solidarity when the whole ukraine crisis broke out , because they felt theire security impacted . 
  but as soon as they where supposed to take some refugees , they told everybody else to fuck off because they where not impacted by it . 
  as far as i know `` stern '' is the only magazin reporting about it . 
  so i do n't think the public is taking it very serious . 
  i would also like to add , that the majority of germans neither like david hesselhoff nor scat porn . 
  pretty much this . 
  both spd and cdu where part of the nsa scandal and did not only fully know that we where spied on , but also benefited from it . 
  and that is why the investigation of the nsa scandal wo n't bring any new information , nor will any german politican get punished for it, 
   which is a lie and the german media does not report that he is lying and as if that is not enough , the german citizen has to pay a shit ton of money for it . 
  by the way , sigmar gabriell is the very same batard who tried to legalize fracking during the last wm because he thought nobody would notice ... 
  and here the translation by the u/spatzengehirn for everybody who does not speak german : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ziawe/varoufakis_middlefinger_faked_by_the_same_german/cpjqr6t, 
  from what i can tell , the finger was n't a big deal for most people here . 
  it only became a big deal when varoufakis said he never made that gesture , because everybody thought he was lying . 
  so you are saying poles are thieves ? 
  i remember a thread about jokes here on r/europe . 
  basically op asked what kind of jokes people tell about their neighbor countries . 
  99 % of the polish jokes were about german women beeing ugly . 
  seems to me like the same . 
  still angry about the kaczinski potato remark ? 
  thanks for your answer :-) right now i am on my mobile but i will definitely check out your youtube link when i am back home . 
  what would stop us from artificially devaluating the currency by simply printing more ? 
  lol , i have no idea why people are downvoting you . 
  that song is cringe worthy as fuck, 
  uhm , that would be news to me . 
  as far as i know most media outlets did initial not report about the incident . 
  when later asked why , they said they only had online reports and wanted to make sure it was true . 
  i am atleast 100 % sure thats they way the tageschau dealt with the cologne attacks . 
  this sub has a dislike for quite a few nations . 
  just read any thread about greece , germany or turkey . 
  unfortunately there are a lot of shitty german tourists in spain as well . 
  it 's a great show !, 
  ca n't wait for season 2 :-), 
  actually akif pirin\u00e7cis was saying , that the politicians in germany are acting as if they would like to put everybody , who is against the current refugee politics , into a concentration camp .
