  faz had a quite interesting article about it : [ http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/katzen-des-boesen-akif-pirincci-und-die-medien-13886415.html] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/katzen-des-boesen-akif-pirincci-und-die-medien-13886415.html ) of course it was still a really stupid statement . 
   germany has money for millions of refugees and we took in more than one million this year . 
  and the reason why we took in so many people , was to prevent a humanitary catastrophe in greece and the balkan countries . 
  meanwhile ervery body else is just sitting on their ass and doing nothing at all beside of complaining and blaming germany . 
  seriously i have yet to see any other european country to make any suggestions on how to solve this mess . 
  my country has reacted retarded during this crises no doubt but at least we are trying to do something . 
  threating greece is still bullshit though . 
  i just want to point out its not germany alone . 
  austria and the netherlands are making those threats as well . 
  it is still a pretty bullshit move from my country . 
  on one hand demanding solitary and on the other hand threating greece . 
  who said anysing about race ? 
  if you take a good look at the part i was quoting , then you will see , that they are speaking about nationality and not race . 
   journalists should be the ones to ethically weigh the decision of whether or not to report a certain nationality in connection with a crime um , no . 
  your job is it to report about facts . 
  if you are afraid those facts could be missused or wrongly interpret , then give a context for them . 
  but not reporting facts , because they could be used by racist , is bullshit . 
  yea , not like we gave refugee status to hundred thousands of people during the balkan conflict ... 
  no matter how stupid every other polical movment is acting , the far right always manages to top them . 
  seriously judging by the political climate right now in germany , all they had to do was to stay quite and not to act like total lunatics . 
  yet they decided it would be better to go rampage . 
  we should be happy that those guys wo n't ever become political relevant again . 
   you have no idea how it happened nobody knows for certain that is why i wrote : '' . . as far as i know nobody knows how many attackers we had in cologne ''  those 100 perpetrators did not confront the 170 police head the police reported , that they tried to get to the victims to help them , but they where stopped by the crowd . 
  the police was carring batons and pepperspray so i am quite sure you need more than just merely 100 people to fend them off . 
  and of course it was not 100 people at once attacking one victim . 
  they spread out and did it in groups of 10 to 15 people but you need enough attacking groups to thin out the deployed cops so much that they where not able to help . 
  100 or less people are supposed to attack and rob more than 500 woman ? 
  100 or less people are supposed to be able to fend of more than 170 cops ? 
  yea , no i dont belive you . 
  i would like to know where you got those numbers from , because as far as i know nobody knows how many attackers we had in cologne . 
  and no the attack on 6 people by a couple racist is not as important as the systematic robbery and assault on thousands of woman in cologne , hamburg , d\u00fcsseldorf , bielefeld , z\u00fcrich , hellsinki and many other european cities . 
  and the fact that police and media tried to to suppress those reports is not as important as the attack on 6 people ? 
  yea its funny , because in my opinion the faz is rather centrist while the spiegel is moderately left . 
  yes , this kind of crime did also happend before the current refugee crises . 
  but back then it was also already done by refugee from north africa . 
  i can understand why poland is angry about nordstream2 but i would like to point out why germany decided to build that pipeline . 
  last winter there were some problems with the gas supply because ukraine was not able to pay its bills . 
  russia then did threat to stop delivering gas as long as ukrain is not paying and since ukrain is a transit country , this would have meant no gas for germany either . 
  i would also like to point out that the dutch and the swiss are involed in nordstream 2 as well , yet it is only us germans who get critisized for that decission . 
  there are plenty situations where my government is acting selfish but there were also a couple of situation where germany did fight for polish interests . 
  for example did merkel actively convince other eu countries to impose sanctions on the russian economy . 
  or by telling the uk that the freedome of movement within the eu is not for negotiation . 
  yes it is . 
  but it was not a very smart thing to say because it can easily be misunderstood by people outside of germany . 
  guess what , there have n't been any in germany either . 
  no , she was only talking about refugees from syria . 
  she also said some stupid stuff about how there is no upper limit for refugees in germany . 
  again there she was only referring to refugees from syria but it was quite easy to make people belive that germany would be taking everybody . 
   i mean the stats coming out are showing that many are from all over the middle east and north africa from what i heared most people are actually from the balkans . 
  people from africa and other parts form the middle east are also coming but they already did before merkel made her retarded statements, 
  well syria is not the rest of the whole world is it ? 
  i know about what faymann said and it was quite idiotic , but i do n't understand what this has to do with us germans ? 
  on the contrary of what this sub believes , germany is not ruling the eu and there would nothing we could do if everybody else would decide that we should tighten the border controls . 
  we did n't . 
  merkel said we would not send back refugees from syria , but keep repeating that lie . 
  it will give you plenty of upvotes on this sub, 
   actually what your government is to blame for are boastful comments on just how many refugees germany can supposedly handle and then when the shit hits the fan and you get swamped you want other european nations to help clean up the mess . 
  i agree with you on that one . 
   remember when hungary tried to properly enforce the rules ? 
  media shitstorm ensues depicting orban as a fascist , and depicting germany as a moral beacon of sorts . 
  i do n't know how the media in porugal reacted but here in germany there were no talk about orban beeing a facist . 
  there were some critics regarding to how hungary treated the refugees . 
  the whole thing was portrayed quite one sided but far from what this sub tires to make to be . 
   you 're blameless , of course no , but we are not soley to blame either, 
  oh a nazi reference how creative !, 
  but please enlighten me what are exactly those `` sick ideas '' we are imposing on other eu states ? 
  and how are we exactly imposing those , when oure ideas have to be voted on in the eu parlament and we do n't have the capability to outvote the rest of the eu ? 
  so we are to blame if we do n't enforce the dublin rules and we are to blame if we do enforce the dublin rules . 
  looks like there is no way for us to not get blamed . 
  please show me any article or any kind of source where german media called anybody a nazi during the refugee crises . 
  i have seen this claim a couple of times now in / r/europe but never could anybody provide me any sources . 
  and honestly i would be very suprised if this would be true , because nazi references are not taken very lightly in germany, 
  people are angry because the usa is spying on ordinary german citizens not because the usa is spying on the geman goverment . 
  and i think we are rightfully pissed at the usa for that , but we should also be pissed at our goverment because they knew about it and where also helping them . 
  good one . 
   one of germany 's leading magazines came out with this front cover which as the title `` the suicide '' . 
  it 's only with this context of german economic nationalism that it begins to make sense not necessarily . 
  is think the word suicide is simply coint on how badly vw damaged its own reputation . 
  you have also keep in mind that vw is the biggest german car company and economically extremly important for germany . 
  to give you a perspective on how important vw is : the city wolfsburg was only built for vw . 
  that been said i think your post contains a lot of truth though i am a little curious on this part :  they 've continued to disallow second and even third generation turkish immigrants ( descendants of the gastarbeiter ) from ever obtaining citizenship do you have any source for that ? 
  because it is the first time i am hearing about it . 
  from what i know , to obtain citizenship you only need to live for 6 years in germany and you need to be able to speak proper german . 
  i never claimed that he did anything . 
  it is still quite ironic when an american balmes germany for this mess , while his country played a way bigger role in creating those problems . 
  and no i do n't think merkel did fix anything . 
  if you read my post then you will see that i actual wrote that she made things worse . 
  but claiming it is all germanies fault is just silly . 
  that is rich coming from an american . 
  it was the usa who destabilized the whole region by invading multiple country . 
  and it was the [ usa who helped creating isis ] ( http://nypost.com/2015/05/30/how-the-us-created-the-camp-where-isis-was-born/ ) . 
  merkel might have made things worse by talking about no upper limits for refugees , but the problems were already there way before she made those statments . 
  and truth be told greece and a lot of countries on the balkan route would be fucked if we germans would stop taking in refugees . 
  thats why today merkel was able to pressure all eu counries to more commitment by threaten to close [ the german borders ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/fluechtlingskrise/merkel-rechnet-jetzt-mit-einer-million-fluechtlingen-13886656.html ) ( text is in german ), 
  yes , moor is the proper translation . 
  it is until we decide to built a fence , then it is everybody else problem . 
  i agree that germany , like the rest of the eu , has been acting quite selfish in the refugee matter towards greece and italy . 
  but the problems germany is facing now stems from our government did stop acting selfish . 
  imaging germany would have insist on following the dublin 3 rules . 
  greece and every country on the balkan rule would have been fucked right now .
