  no it is not , because it happend in various german cities , always done by the same method and men from arab countries . 
  what happend at new year 's eve was closely connected to the migrant crises and thus news worthy at international level . 
  and with a total number of 509 victims of severe sexual assault ( not to speak of theft and regular assault ) alone in cologne your statement `` a dozen getting groped and a few dozen getting catcalled '' is not only wrong but also quite ignorant . 
   with your middle point you are already forgetting what / u/timaeger meant some of the things the bnd did to uphold good contacts to the nsa has been highly illegal ( like spying on german companies giving those informations to the usa ) . 
  but i guess it depends on to what extend merkel was aware about those actions . 
  imho you ca n't be a good chancellor if you are not upholding the laws of your country . 
   merkel is a really good chancellor when , in your opinion , did her skills show the most ? 
  was it when she extended the contracts for atomic power plants just to do a complete u-turn shortly afterwards , because of fukushima ? 
  i mean who does not love complete messed up energy politics and having to pay tax money to vattenfall and co. due germany breaching contracts . 
  or was it when she helped the nsa to spy on german citizens so that she could circumvent those pesky rules wich are supposed to protect our privacy ? 
  or was it when she not only ignored , for about six years , the pleas for help from itali , spain and greece just to let more than one million refugees at once into germany and thus giving a huge boost to the far right not only in germany but in all of europe ? 
   as i said i am on mobile and i wo n't have access to a pc for a few days what happend to `` if you make claims like this , you can be expected to back them up in my opinion '' ? 
   this is the best i can do right now i am sorry but this source does nothing to back up your claims . 
  you said that more refugees are drowning than harassing people in pools ( thats how i understood it when you said its a bigger problem . 
  please correct me if i am wrong ) your link is just about the numbers of refugees drowning in germany . 
  it says nothing about the number of sexual harrasment done by refugees in public pools . 
  and we both know you wo n't find any credible source regarding this issue . 
  thats the whole point of our conversation . 
  edit : i did alter the first part of my post because it contained a bit of polemic . 
  sorry about that . 
   you can find out about the drownings rather easily per a quick google search . 
  i would provide a link , but i am on mobile right now . 
  so you ca n't or wo n't back up your own claims but demand other people to do so . 
   the media generally does n't report on something that does n't happen . 
  expecting a source for the claim that this happens very rarely is a bit ridiculous . 
  i do n't necessarily need a source that claims it happens rarely or often . 
  i am happy enough with you providing a source about the total numbers of refugees drowning ( in germany ) and a total number of refugees sexually harassing people in public pools . 
  it is not even that i feel that strongly about this issue . 
  it is just , that it 's a nice double standard , when you get angry at some one for not backing up his claim while doing the exact same thing, 
  actually you were the one who claimed that people drowning is our `` biggest swimming-related problem with the refugees '' , in the first place . 
  and that `` sexual harassment in public pools barely ever happens '' . 
  so based on your own argumentation you are the one who should come up with a source to back up your claims . 
   at the end of a torrid week in relations between italy and france , nicola danti , a tuscan member of the european parliament , rattled off his list of disappointments with emmanuel macron on facebook . 
  first was the french president 's bastille day meeting with donald trump in paris to set himself up as the key liaison between the us and europe . 
  then the `` theatrical coup '' of mr macron 's summit with libyan leaders , seen as undermining italy 's traditional diplomatic role in the north african country . 
  finally , the decision to nationalise the stx shipyard in western france to avoid a takeover by fincantieri , the italian group . 
  `` instead of a new schuman [ one of european unity 's founding fathers ] , we are facing a little de gaulle , '' mr danti , a member of the socialist group in the ep and of the ruling democratic party ( pd ) in italy , said . 
  since europe 's financial crisis any italian resentment at a fellow eu member state has usually been aimed at germany and chancellor angela merkel , mainly for pushing austerity-driven economic policies and excessively tough eu banking regulations . 
  but mr macron has managed to supplant ms merkel in the role of italy 's greatest european bugbear , just two months into his presidency . 
  in part , this is a function of outsized expectations placed on mr macron in rome . 
  his election was widely cheered in italy as charting a course to deepen and reinvigorate eu integration . 
  italy is traditionally a europhile country but has experienced a rise in populist and eurosceptic political forces , such as the five star movement and the northern league . 
  with a general election due in less than year , some in the pd hoped that they could ride to victory partly on mr macron 's coat-tails . 
  that no longer seems possible , as italian frustration with his latest moves boils over . 
  in friday 's corriere della sera newspaper , a cartoon compared mr macron to zinedine zidane , the french footballer who headbutted an italy defender in the 2006 world cup final . 
  ferruccio de bortoli , the former editor of corriere , suggested that mr macron was acting like a bully , picking on italy specifically to prove a point . 
  `` stxfrance and not just that : [ macron ] is hitting the weak to seem stronger in europe , '' mr de bortoli tweeted . 
  mr macron did try to patch things up in a phone call with paolo gentiloni , italy 's prime minister , and there is chatter about the french president possibly visiting rome . 
  bruno le maire , france 's economy minister , is expected on tuesday in the italian capital to try to seek compromise on stx . 
  but the damage has already been done and mr macron has touched sensitive nerves in italian politics . 
  the stx nationalisation not only suggests a lack of trust in italian ownership and defies the notion of open investment in europe ; it was particularly humiliating because french investors have been snapping up a number of key italian assets in recent years , with no objections from the government . 
  the highest profile is vivendi 's successful battle for control of telecom italia , the country 's biggest telecoms operator , which resulted in the departure of flavio cattaneo , chief executive , just days ago . 
  on libya , italian officials are not just feeling sidelined by mr macron 's diplomatic foray into their terrain : many believe his efforts could backfire . 
  it has not helped that mr macron has shown little willingness to give italy relief in handling the thousands of migrants arriving on its southern shores every month , which is the biggest political liability for the pd-led government at the moment . 
  the rude awakening for italy has been that mr macron 's interpretation of european integration is much more likely to involve a franco-german axis with ms merkel rather than broader co-operation with other eu countries , including italy . 
  this could still turn to italy 's benefit , especially if mr macron is able to extract concessions from berlin on reforms of the eurozone . 
  but fears of isolation in rome are growing -- which is not how the macron era was supposed to turn out . 
  come on even you can do better than this, 
  `` it is however important to remember , that brexit has nothing to do with xenophobia and is solely based on the will of gaining back sovereignty '', 
  there is no such thing as a sane anarchist, 
  by the majority of the eu countries . 
  there was a vote and most of the countries , which also includes poland by the way , voted in favour of that solution . 
  honestly , i hope the eu wo n't go tit for tat in this matter . 
  uk citizens living in eu countries are not to blame for theresa mays actions , so they should n't be punished for something that is not their fault . 
  instead the eu should try to pressure may with other matters to insure that eu citizens in the uk are treated fairly, 
  true , but raiding someones flat can be enough to stop some one from voicing his opinion even if it would be covered by free-speech . 
  not that it would be much of an loss in this incident but it is neverless a slippery slope we are walking here , which could lead to a less free society, 
  the difference is that the european commission voted in favour of relocating refugees and poland was one of the countries which voted for it as well . 
  like it or not this vote is binding and there is no such thing for ns2, 
  germany nerver blocked [ south stream ] ( http://www.government.bg/cgi-bin/e-cms/vis/vis.pl?s=001&amp;p=0137&amp;n=333&amp;g= ) though, 
  for those who do n't speak german the news article is about a german man who posted on facebook that he 's glad about a refugee child drowning . 
  there is no doubt his post is plain disgusting but it 's not calling for violence against people yet the police raided his flat . 
  so it seems at least to me as if the concept of volksverhetzung is not as clear cut as you make it out to be . 
  and that 's the problem with germanys attempt to censorship , because facebook wo n't invest much time or money in deleting post but rather simply delete anything that could cuase them getting fined . 
  also this could be the beginning of an slow censorship of unpopular voices, 
  people are getting killed in terror attacks in europe as well . 
  terror attacks do n't justify asylium even when said attacks occur more frequent than in germany . 
   what language it would use ? 
  probably the language of those who control the army  who would control the army ? 
  probably those who fund the army  and who would fund the army ? 
   ates fought for eight years to establish a place of prayer where progressive muslims in germany can leave religious conflicts behind and focus on their shared islamic values  turks , kurds and arabs alike have donated money , businesspeople have called to offer help a pitty she did n't received more help from the german state . 
  it 's like a kafka novel became reality . 
  maybe he should commit a minor crime and then file a report against himself . 
  this way the authorities ca n't ignore him anymore . 
  as a foreigner , this makes me wonder why the pro eu campaign did n't informed the voters properly pre brexit . 
  seems like the tories neither had a proper plan for brexit nor for the campaign to inform people why brexit is a bad idea . 
  all in all not the smartest move . 
  i wonder how they explaine the need for this new drastic security changes . 
  surly not because of all those unchecked migrants who arrived during 2015 , because we all know only a xenophobe would suggest that letting in 1,5 million people in unordered fashion could cause a security risk . 
  if i would n't know better i would say the very same people who fucked up on the migrant crisis are now using said fuck up to further erode citizens rights . 
   and meanwhile ignoring that russia is a shady country that is focused on destabilizing its neighbours lol , because receiving gas from qatar , like poland is doing , is so much better , right ? 
  i mean they only fund islamic terrorism . 
  alright , amris was only a asyl seeker and not a refugee . 
  the difference is imho not really relevant for the discussion . 
  and i was not talking anout m\u00fcnchen . 
  i was talking about ansbach where a syrian detonated a bomb in front of an musik festival . 
  fortunately the only one killed was him but there were still 12 people injured . 
  and in w\u00fcrzburg 4 people got badly injuried , when an afghan teenager attacked random people with an axe in a train . 
  later the police found an video of him pledging aliance to isis and isis confirmed that he was part of them . 
  actually all of the recent islamistic terror acts in germany where carried out by refugees . .
