no one handles anything . 
  people give money to beggars everywhere . 
  it 's half the people 's fault that beggars exist . 
  right sir , i will now go to the beggar factory and ask them to retrieve their beggars back from your country . 
  i wo n't even bother bringing up the gypsy issue , because by now i realized that people are n't ignorant . 
  instead they choose to remain in denial so that they can easily get rid of this issue by pointing fingers at the weak , little eastern europe , as opposed to actually understanding the way things are . 
  no , i have a better idea . 
  how about you stop giving money to fucking beggars ? 
  is n't that like genius ? 
  judging by your posting history , you are acting like a caveman . 
  that 's enough evidence for showing that the place you come from , is n't as civilized as you would want to believe . 
  ah yes . 
  it 's all about how they are called on licence plates and pieces of paper . 
  nothing else . 
  is this your easy way out ? 
  you suck . 
  you are n't going to fool anyone , not even dirt eating gypsies . 
   as eastern europe wow , really ? 
  so if an eastern european country becomes rich will it be a part of western europe even though it 's clearly in the east ? 
  it 's this kind of arrogance ... 
  it will always be `` eastern/western europe '' mainly because of cultural differences . 
  those people use `` corruption '' as an argument for why the `` good old days '' were better . 
  corruption is everywhere , and in civilized countries i believe that the media is allowed to show it . 
  of course it 's in your face more , but that does n't mean there 's more corruption compared to communism where the media only praised the clown and his cult of personality . 
  young people who said that the life was better back then are idiots who did n't live back then . 
  old people who say that are usually senile and miss a few screws in their heads after they lived in the middle of communism . 
  thankfully i lived with my father , a revolutionary , to tell me the truth , and what he and his family went through when he was young . 
  and not an old fart who spreads lies . 
  imagine empty stores , no heat , and electricity only for 1-2 hours just to have your daily dose of the dictator 's life . 
  imagine the authorities knocking at your door and taking away your property . 
  imagine being arrested for just badmouthing the communist party and the dictator . 
  and these are just a few examples . 
  do you know that feeling when there is so much to tell that you do not even know from where to start ? 
  well that 's the feeling i 'm having right now . 
  many people say that the revolution should have stopped and he should n't have been killed . 
  i think that those people and their pea brains never thought about what would happen if people did actually stop . 
  most people thought about it , and that 's the reason why he was killed . 
  they wanted to make sure that it all ends because it was terrible . 
  ah , ever pedantic reddit , you will never change . 
  yes , i know they are n't the exact same buildings , they do not even look the same way . 
  i was just giving an example of how the general area has changed . 
  perhaps i did n't formulate it properly , i admit . 
  it was my bad as well . 
  i should have posted a general view of the historical center . 
  posting a picture of that building would have been unfitting because you know , it 's surrounded by cranes and scales . 
  troll account . 
  check his history . 
  not to say that op is romanian , he has every right to say it was shit . 
  and i 'll say it was shit as well , just because my newborn bro almost froze to death in his own apartment in 1985 . 
  there was no electricity or heating , and outside there was like -30 degrees c. my mother started to cry , thought he was going to die . 
  yes , romania was a piece of shit in the exact moment these pictures were taken . 
  fuck anyone who thinks it was better back then . 
  thank god it 's a lot better now . 
  trust me , they were n't living normal lives at all . 
  because there was barely anything else . 
  probably old people who had free jobs handed to them . 
  but in the 80 's money was almost worthless , because you had nothing to spend it on . 
  not even food . 
  maybe it 's just a feeling of nostalgia . 
  in any case , most of those people are old . 
  the housing thing still left its scars even to this day , since most people around here prefer to live in their own houses than pay rent . 
  http://i.imgur.com/4444mgg.jpg is now http://www.orasulvechi.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/img_5401-1000x750.jpg, 
  that 's a bit of a derail . 
  but yeah , most of the 70 's and 80 's pictures are apparently all taken in grim skied winters , while all the 50 's and 60 's are in sunny summer days . 
  weird . 
  actually a lot better , thanks to having open relationships with the west , and discarding russia and their vile soviet regime . 
  you have no idea how big the difference is , actually . 
  north korea level , that 's how bad it was . 
  this nation did the mistake to betray me first . 
  i wo n't fight for betrayers . 
  i never heard about women being raised to do this . 
  not in my family , not anywhere else ( at least in my country ) . 
  pretty much everyone is free to choose where to study or work . 
  this country 's morale is at the lowest possible level . 
  i reckon people are more angry on the government and would rather use the weapons on them than on invaders . 
  if anything will happen , there will be deserters everywhere . 
  no one wants to defend a political class which is corrupt the bone . 
  pretty rare my ass . 
  and the payment difference is caused by choice of studies and work , and not discrimination you dipshit . 
  if that were the case , most companies would hire women because they would have to pay them less , but that is n't the case at all . 
  i never heard about women wishing to work in the mines . 
  in my college , 99.9 % of the girls rushed to study law school , tourism , european economical studies . 
  this also explains why they are payed poorly , and men get payed more . 
  i am an it student . 
  my classes have literally only men in them , and they will very likely get payed more than women who work in tourism , because tourism jobs have shit payment . 
  law jobs as well unless you 're a corrupt cunt or you wait several years till your salary reaches the `` decent '' status . 
   people who live in the countryside in romania and own a horse or two use it almost exclusively as a work animal ( which is not something bad ) . 
  not what the guy i replied to said though . 
  he worded it in an ambiguous way . 
  he made it sound like we use horses for everything , and we lack cars or something . 
  yes , they use it for plowing too , whatever . 
  but that guy said '' use horses to go around '' . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  if he used it in a negative way , he clearly meant more than that , like we use horses for human transportation , which is of course a bunch of bs . 
   implies that most of the time the animal is used for something other than work . 
  which is not true i did n't say that the horses themselves are sometimes used for specific things . 
  i implied that the villagers sometimes use horses , and a lot of times they use machinery . 
  i just worded the whole thing poorly . 
  my bad . 
  sure .
