  while i disagree with many of the reasons people choose to prostitute themselves , in the long run it seems that well regulated and taxed brothels are a better option for all parties including the state . 
  i 'm pretty sure solicitation is illegal , maybe the map fails to make the distinction . 
  * edit : * wikipedia to the rescue  in the united kingdom , prostitution itself ( the exchange of sexual services for money ) is legal , [ 2 ] but a number of related activities , including soliciting in a public place , kerb crawling , owning or managing a brothel , pimping and pandering , are crimes . 
  so basically you can pay for sex if you meet at a private place like your house , but only if you pay directly with no third party involved in sending/connecting you with the prostitute . 
  last i heard it was to confuse votebots that spam up/downvotes on multiple accounts . 
  some smaller cities would at least turn back foreigners wanting to buy , but as soon as you hit rotterdam/amsterdam nobody seemed to care anymore . 
  my right or your right ? 
  some sport cyclists seem to . 
  i was partly joking \\ ^ \\ _ \\ ^ , although i did overtake some teenagers on their way home once :p, 
  cycling slower than most people jog also helps :p, 
  it * is * very white though , maybe stormfront is a front for stormfront . 
  it did n't help much that a storm just started where i am . 
   help , they 're coming for me !, 
  i thought that was going to be a weather report . 
  if it makes you feel any better western countries are no less corrupt , they 're just better at making sure people do n't care about what they do . 
  it does n't factor much in people 's daily lives , partly because the uk as a whole seems to isolate itself from continental europe , so scotland being even further north makes it more difficult for us to interact with our friends on the mainland . 
  for example a lot of people in southern england go to france because the channel tunnel is convenient , for scots it is quite a bit further to travel . 
  i 'd say we 're more supportive of the eu on average than the rest of the uk though , we 're a small country , we admire the small nordic/scandinavian countries greatly , having seen how well they have done for themselves they contribute to one of the central arguments for scottish independence . 
  we 're worried about david cameron 's proposed referendum on staying with the eu , if it goes ahead it will be after the scottish independence referendum , which could cause a lot of upset should scotland vote no . 
  we do n't know what will happen should scotland become independent , whether we would retain eu membership , we hope , being a country that is technically already in the eu , we would keep the rights and privileges of member countries while any small terms of membership are worked out . 
  although we 're unsure how countries dealing with regions campaigning for independence will feel about us joining , spain has said scotland is unlike catalonia and seem unlikely to dispute though . 
  the tabloids and much of the working class ( mainly due to the influence of the tabloids ) are against eastern european immigration , while they might not openly say it to foreigners . 
  overall the eu feels remote to us , we feel isolated from brussels by distance and many people do n't know how the eu affects our lives . 
  despite this we see the benefits of participating in the community and are much more interested in staying in the eu than the conservative party in england ,, 
  i thought it was the same . 
  their shots also seemed much larger than british ones . 
  i only drink tea when there 's no coffee xd . 
  i used to drink coffee with milk + 2 sugar . 
  the dutch corrected this blasphemy and brought me into the dark light of unsweetened black coffee . 
  uk being red makes me sad :( maybe the other british people do n't feel part of the eu because you guys use smaller mugs for coffee/tea , also you get weirded out by milk in tea ( i agree . 
  it is much better with just sugar ) . 
  i do n't understand how your map disagrees with me . 
  spain is better than i would have expected , but ireland is comparable with other religious countries in eastern europe such as romania . 
  poland is well known to be highly catholic and has a very low rating . 
  countries where religion is not prevalent in public life have better scores than ones where religion is prevalent . 
  so again i ask why my point is incorrect or invalid , other than the outlier of spain/portugal . 
  political union would be a nice thing to have . 
  although it would be difficult at this point in time when we consider that we have very religious countries like ireland , spain and italy along with very progressive countries in our scandinavian area . 
  europeans seem to agree more than they disagree however and i think we could do very well if we had the right type of government . 
  i think clara is a pretty good character . 
  but the impossible girl story was a bit messy and seemed poorly connected . 
  maybe it 'll make more sense next series , or maybe it 'll be left half finished like so many other loose ends in doctor who . 
  how on earth can you call a society where everyone is looked after in times of need a bad one ? 
  socialism is a much better option for the vast majority as opposed to every man for himself libertarianism or being fucked by corporations in capitalism . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  didnt like the split in the middle . 
  sad that amy is gone , she had a great dynamic with the doctor as a character . 
  clara was n't a bad replacement . 
  the episodes rarely felt like they had any connection to each other , except for two part ones . 
  the episodes are pretty good individually , but i never got the feeling they formed a continuing story . 
  it would have been better to have amy and rory leave at the end of a series or with the doctor than just doing half a series . 
  your rights to fuck up and have someone else pay for it ? 
  i do n't really watch tv . 
  the only things i watch regularly are game of thrones and doctor who . 
  but even those i watch on my pc . 
  but the reality is , most people dont care whether tv is genuine or not . 
  that 's why everyone on a talent show has a grandmother with cancer and a blind baby . 
  you mean like everything on tv ever ... 
  no paragraphs ... 
  danger is really something specific to local areas . 
  pretty much all eu cities have slum-like areas where it can be dangerous at night . 
  judging any state as dangerous would be doing a disservice to it . 
  i 'd advise travellers to go wherever they 'd like and do some research on where is good and bad in the city they want to visit . 
  we have already introduced product specifications for cars though ... 
  catalytic convertors are required by law in most countries i believe . 
  along with numerous other features and regulations . 
  i meant european type of culture , you ca n't define any eu state just as ` european ' but many share a lot of the same values , britain generally shares values with europe and the us rather than one or the other like most countries . 
  yes we have our individual quirks but so does every country with a ` european culture ' . 
  attitide or political leanings might have been better than culture . 
  the thing is young people are less politically active in the uk , young people are more in favour of remaining in the eu than older people , so if this happens we 'll have a situation in 20-30 years were the majority of the population is unhappy about not being a part of europe . 
  i 'd say our sense of isolationism is a product of our distance from the rest of europe , as an island and due to the fact we 're a weird hybrid of us and european culture . 
  i 'd seriously consider emigrating if we left the eu . 
  camping also saves a lot of money . 
  worked in the netherlands for two months , intended to learn a bit of dutch . 
  the excellent english of the dutch people i met made it a bit more of a challenge !, 
  a lot of the stuff i figured out came from comedy central subs xd, 
  technically wales was fairly and squarely conquered , we scots just sold ourselves into this lovely union of ours . 
  black coffee does take a while to switch to if you 're used to drinking with milk or sugar . 
  i switched earlier this year and its much less hassle plus i do n't need to worry about not having milk or sugar !, 
  the uk is pretty much ` do what england says ' though , no one in scotland considers ni or wales when we talk politics , because they simply are n't relevant to how westminster policy affects us . 
  they have irn bru in sweden ? 
  tefal have been making those for years . 
  they are much more efficient than an old-style electric kettle . 
  their sausages really are delicious though ... 
  not sure if being ironic with the civilised , benevolent part when referencing the us healthcare system ... 
  but the point about interpreters is pretty valid in the uk as well . 
  pretty sure the same goes for the police and courts as well as many government documents being available in other languages . 
  [ this was our fault , sorry guys . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1lul7g/lots_of_french_and_dutch_running_round_glasgow/ ), 
  many organisations only allow staff to use certain devices on their network or wo n't allow work devices to be used on non-organisational networks . 
  to expect the same level of security employed by many charities should n't be seen as excessive surely ? 
  do n't our mixer taps have separate pipes though ? 
  so you do n't get leftover hot water when you turn on the cold tap ? 
  as someone who just stayed in the netherlands for a while , your taps are deadly . 
  often i would casually go to wash my hands with nice cool water only to have a deluge of scalding fury pour from the tap . 
  i am glad to be back home where we clearly mark which tap is going to burn your skin off !, 
  you have nice transport and people and stuff though , so i guess we 're even . 
  not necessarily . 
  just an observation that in the the uk we tend to see racism before we look for other reasons for a set of circumstances . 
  it 's quite unsettling in a way and i think it gets in the road of too many of our decisions as a country , always worrying if what we do will offend someone rather than whether our actions are right or not .
