  the idea is that we helped pay for it so we should get our fair share , but also accept that part of that is the debt we helped acquire . 
  the issue is that the other side view the debt as scotland 's , but do n't want to share the assets equally . 
  the idea that if we do n't get any of the assets that the debt was used to pay for , then the debt is n't ours seems fair to me . 
  `` you get what you pay for '' . 
  4:20 : hospitals being mentioned are due to cost cutting in england . 
  scotland 's budget is decided in part by how much england spends on hospitals , so if they spend less , we have less to spend on our own services . 
  5:00 i addressed most of the currency issues . 
  he 's laughing about it partly because he feels he already answered the question earlier , and because it 's repeated so often . 
  5:20 : he says this because of the ways the government have handled things like disability benefits . 
  they recently outsourced the vetting procedure to a private company atos . 
  there have been many issues with severely disabled people losing the money they are entitled to because of how this company mishandles things . 
  partly he 's attacking the right wing ( conservative party ) uk government , which has made many cuts that affect the poor most of all . 
  this hurts scottish people because as an entire country we only voted for 1 conservative mp out of 52 and they are in charge of the uk government . 
  5:40 he 's asking how much trident ( our nuclear submarine program ) costs to replace ( update ) and keep running . 
  we 're against this from a practical point of view , it costs a lot for something we 'll never use , we could use it on other things . 
  it 's also very close to our largest city , which is n't nice from a safety point of view . 
  it also does n't send a positive message `` we can have nukes but you ca n't '' . 
  6:00 he 's talking about how the opposition are spending a lot on nuclear weapons when we as a country have rising child poverty rates . 
   i would say about governmental matters , problems are never that easy , you have to follow contracts , procedures 99 % of the time . 
  i 'd like to respond to this specifically . 
  from a contractual point of view the united kingdom signed those agreements , the united kingdom will remain a country after we leave . 
  the uk has already acknowledged that the debt belongs to it . 
  how much we agree to take depends on how many assets the uk is willing to share . 
  historically , there 's no precedent for a seceding nation to be required to take any debt , it 'd be a totally voluntary action by us . 
  i look forward to your response !, 
  not entirely proportional . 
  the idea is that each seat represents a geographical area that is roughly of equal population to other seats . 
  obviously population changes so the borders are re-defined every so often to balance things out , sometimes a new seat will be created . 
  you end up with loads of small constituencies in cities and a few massive ones in the country . 
  i hope this gets to the top . 
  thank you for being reasonable and researching this for those that jump to conclusions . 
  our country is based on constituencies , which are based on population . 
  less population = less constituencies . 
  unless they decided to shuffle some around making new ones , but as far as i know it 'd go against what we do currently . 
  part of the reason we 're leaving . 
  but us leaving would give the conservatives 10 % more seats . 
  1 of our elected mps is a conservative . 
  we 've had elections where this has been 0 . 
  this is one of the two parties of a two party system ... 
  from my point of view most of our international politics seems to be based on acting like we 're still the empire . 
  look at how we act with the eu or how we acted in iraq and afghanistan for example . 
  the insistence on trident is just an extension of this need to feel powerful . 
  uk labour mps did what their party told them to do . 
  i do n't agree with it , but that 's how political parties work . 
  i 'd like everyone to be able to study without paying , but while england insists on being the outlier with outrageous fees for everyone else i do n't see why other countries should take on the costs that yours chooses not to . 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  it 's a highlight reel , it probably wo n't contain stats . 
  if you can genuinely point out is manipulative rather than merely convincing then please go ahead . 
  aside from that we 're not voting for him , we 're voting for independence , with a new election afterwards . 
  we have 10 % of uk mps . 
  almost all of which are from the opposition party . 
  i hope it reminds people the british empire no longer exists . 
  we got to keep free education because we voted for it in our political parties . 
  your parliament chose otherwise . 
  scottish students wo n't be run out of uni by english ones ; available uni places are split into national , eu and international categories . 
  at worst it 'd be english students taking the places of eu ones . 
  we could simply start charging more upfront and give grants to national students to cover costs . 
  as i believe some eu countries do . 
  at best we 'd be able to opt out and keep things how they are . 
  it 's mostly what the papers report every time an eastern european country gets into the eu . 
  what do you think europe looked like before the large countries in it formed ? 
  what 's the little round vegetable mash thing i got served with ribs in nl ? 
  always on aerobrakes : tear :, 
  windy as fuck though . 
  i do n't agree with tying it to private companies . 
  compabies should n't be profiting from unemployment . 
  i do think able claimants should be required to carry out some simple but helpful tasks to either keep their full benefits or receive a little extra . 
  something as simple as picking up litter for a few hours per day helps everyone . 
  belgium might get some ideas if we chose that one ... 
  [ that ] ( http://welections.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/uk-2010-majority.png ) red and yellow bit at the top is scotland , where the dark blue bit starts is england . 
  we love what you 've done with the royal mail and nhs down there by the way . 
  for me , no . 
  uk politics seems too tied up with the interests of southern england and london and is still a bit more right wing than scotland , even if we assume that the uk would remain part of the eu . 
  personally i think this has been fairly inevitable , especially when you look at the major differences between scotland and england in terms of our stance on university education , the nhs and even water bills . 
  it does n't help that at just 10 % of the overall seats scotland is essentially ignored by westminster . 
  for others who are more on the fence it might sway them towards staying . 
  we 'll be having elections to determine our new government in the case of a yes vote . 
  not really . 
  why is / r/atheism so full of atheists ? 
  look at any group of people centered around a subject and you 'll find the majority of the people in that group are supporters of or think positively of the subject matter . 
  it 's why / r/cats is full of cat lovers , labour is full of labour supporters , book clubs are full of book lovers , football clubs are full of football lovers or / r/leagueoflegends is full of people who like league of legends . 
  our `` europe club '' is full of people who like europe . 
  maybe if it was / r/debateeurope or / r/antieu you 'd have a point . 
  if anyone dares to suggest that / r/cats is anything but overwhelmingly dominated by animal lovers and cat owners , i 'll point them to some thread there and laugh in their face . 
  why are n't there more people who hate cats on a subreddit about cats i wonder ... because they 're all on / r/ukip . 
  i would n't mind being european . 
  i can buy smaller coffee cups if it 'd help ? 
  so the tory government is pandering to the anti-eu voters at the moment because they seem to be what 's trending on ~ ~ twitter ~ ~ the polls just now . 
   the polls suggest british people would vote to stay in the eu for god 's sake . 
  so that leaves your armchair geo-politician theories without a leg to stand on . 
  that 's becoming less and less true . 
  except there are some pretty strong political differences between mid/southern england and scotland ( perhaps wales ) . 
  please let scotland in if we gain independence , we promise to be less awkward than the uk is now . 
  probably by the way the english media portray 's england 's attitude towards anything that is n't `` british '' , sours the relationship with continental europeans , while their `` by british we mean english '' annoys the rest of the uk . 
  the uk consistently saying `` lol we 'll do our own thing tyvm eu '' does n't help much either . 
  it does say the average is only # 300 . 
  a lot of this will be part time workers who sometimes work full time hours during holiday/busy periods but annually earn under the threshold for income tax . 
  i checked the hmrc website and it says they should send it automatically by sept for the previous years tax . 
  it 's better than simply criminalising it . 
  i think that it still leaves women/men vulnerable to abuse that is very difficult to prosecute .
