stop making sense , you 're poking holes in the sieve that is the uk 's eu victim complex . 
  we use a more proportional system though , which allows more room for parties like the snp to establish a base and grow . 
  does n't the article also say that who the nurse was is disputed , with multiple women claiming to be said nurse . 
   another woman , an austrian who lost her family in nazi concentration camps , has also said she is the nurse and that she did not find the kiss in any way `` romantic . '', 
  if you want fptp countries , you can basically name a few of the uk 's former colonies . 
  iirc all or almost all were colonies at one point . 
  i wish the moronic ties to the past would be broken and replaced with something more representative . 
  i think the libdems will become a non-entity after their disastrous coalition this government . 
  pr would be nice for uk democracy . 
  but there 's a huge amount of bias against it . 
  multi-party coalitions are often irrationally despised here , for no reason other than they do n't happen in our current system . 
  plus in a two party system , the parties with any power have no reason to implement such a system , as it would only be to their detriment , it leaves us kind of stuck . 
  do n't be silly , daddy 's too busy working for the bank to actually * interact * with little timmy like some sort of commoner . 
  without any of the good bits . 
  no , i wanted everyone who called scotland home to have a choice in the matter . 
  so did most people . 
  pretty much every statistic shows that britain is one of the most shit governments in europe , we beat only some of the poorest and most corrupt countries in those . 
  not going to be happy about that . 
  example , at the end of the financial crisis , even greece had more trust in its government than us . 
  they answered everything they could . 
  ca n't exactly answer something which has to be decided by negotiation before the other party is willing to negotiate can you ... 
  if you think that 's going to happen , something something beans . 
  you can respect the vote while not liking the result . 
  it 's honestly shit . 
  i 've given up on the country and hope to move somewhere sensible when i can . 
  not to mention the awkward situation of eu nationals currently living in scotland and vice versa . 
  surely the response to that is to ask for a reason rather than downvote ? 
  i think the general thought is that in everyone 's best interests , by scotland 's independence day enough basic/interim treaties will be in place to keep scotland within the eu . 
  there are a huge number of issues that would be created otherwise , not just for scotland , but other eu countries also . 
  of course we do n't expect the exact same opt outs as the uk , i do n't agree with many of the uk opt outs or rebate as it stands . 
  but i trust that the eu and scotland will be able to come to a resolution which is suitable for all of us and most importantly causes the minimum of disruption to eu citizens . 
  ca n't they be denied entry without taking their passport away ? 
  i do n't know why people downvoted you for stating your opinion , but thanks !, 
  here 's hoping to work together more closely in the future . 
   on the case of university , i believe scottish mps actually voted to increase tuition fees in england . 
  citation needed , but i am almost certain that that was the case . 
  they did in 2003 when labour introduced variable fees up to 3k . 
  we recognise that on one level it 's unfair , but while the scottish budget is affected by uk laws that do n't apply to it i do n't see how we can fairly remove ourselves . 
  in 2010 we returned more labour mps and this time they were voting against . 
   an independent scotland would likely be swarmed with an unstoppable flood of english students wanting free university . 
  this is another contentious point . 
  most of what i 'm hearing is that universities have a set number of spaces for scottish nationals , and then spaces for eu and international students . 
  so in the most likely case we 'd only see eu students replaced by english ones . 
  alternately , the eu might give scotland what 's called a cultural opt out on that part of the legislation . 
  denmark for example has an opt out on foreigners owning beach properties , so it is n't unfathomable that scotland might get one protecting university places . 
  i think both sides are guilty of it to a degree . 
  bt say rbs is leaving while rbs says it is n't for example , bt say shopping will get higher while tesco say no and lidl and aldi sit there as german companies and still two of the cheapest places to shop . 
  the previous eu president cast doubt over a speedy entry , the current president says otherwise . 
  the truth is there 's no precedent for what 's happening , we 're fairly integrated with the eu as it is and both entities would have issues if we were n't in the eu . 
  the lack of precedent means the eu can decide to do pretty much what it wants . 
  what many people also ignore is we have 1.5 years to negotiate and set up these things before independence in march 2016 . 
  i do n't foresee a situation where at least a groundwork is n't there to allow us to operate within the eu while minor details are worked out . 
  i think salmond 's a fairly good debater , the first debate was poor i admit , but he dismantled darling in # 2 . 
  i think that bt made good use of the fact that the uk government refuses to negotiate beforehand to play up the uncertainty of a yes vote ant salmond was n't prepared for it the first time . 
  always interesting to debate something important . 
  i started out as a yes voter , was convinced both by the arguments of yes , which has drawn support from a much more diverse section of society , and what i feel is a lot of scaremongering from bt , who seem to be made up of a much narrower group of society . 
  the tories scrapped the 50p tax rate . 
  cutting benefits is n't the only answer , the wealthiest in the uk can stand to pay more than they do currently . 
  raising taxes on the rich while cutting benefits for the poor at least makes it * look * more balanced . 
  rather than nationalising a profitable company , the uk government took an already national company that was * making * them money ant then sold it for a fraction of what it 's worth . 
  scotland * will * be in control of it 's own purse strings , we will be able to make the changes * we * think are best for us , not what the uk government thinks is best for them . 
  we do n't expect everything to be easy or great , but we 'll feel better about whatever decisions we make . 
  as a scotsman , i 'm glad that anyone living here has the opportunity to earn a degree without taking on huge amount of debt just from their course fees . 
  i 'm glad people who otherwise would n't have the opportunity can get a well paying job and contribute more to society . 
  i 'm glad my peers can leave a course without feeling they need to complete it due to financial debt . 
  scotland has these things because we hold them important . 
  evidently the people the rest of the uk elected do not , i doubt that 'll change in the future . 
  give that there is no agreement even on whether scotland is a net contributor to the uk or not , i 'm not going to say , as better together have attempted to , whether we 'll be better or worse financially . 
  i do believe we 'll be able to develop our country in a way that 's more tailored to its needs , whether this ultimately leads to us being better or worse off no-one can say . 
  i 'll be voting yes . 
  at one point i 'd have been happy with devo max , but the way the uk government and better together have acted throughout the campaign , especially within the last few weeks has convinced me that secession is the only way we 'll have the * opportunity * to make things better . 
  to me self-determination trumps uncertainty . 
  it feels to us in scotland that the snp has been forced to waste money on unfair tory taxes . 
  it feels to us that we 're forced to contribute to an oversized military with nuclear weapons we wo n't use but that are stored next to our largest city . 
  that in fact , there is no viably electable party that represents us in westminster the snp make full use of their devolved powers , with the exception of powers varying on income tax . 
  why ? 
  because the uk government when signing these powers over , entered the stipulation that all tax bands must be altered by the same percentage , making them effectively unusable . 
  things are n't being fixed though , they 've been getting worse since the 70s . 
  only this parliamentary term did the uk government increase tuition fees even further in england , wales and ni , * more * children are expected to be in poverty by 2020 , not less , and what is the uk government doing about it ? 
  cutting benefits further and handing the power to decide who gets state benefits to private companies like atos . 
  the uk getting better is a myth , hopefully scotland leaving will convince the rest of the place that . 
  being independent allows scotland to form relationships with the many other eu countries it 's own size , countries it shares more values with than the uk , as well as the opportunity to promote itself worldwide . 
  by remaining in the uk all we do is isolate ourselves from everyone but the uk . 
  independence gives us the control to try and fix things for ourselves , rather than sitting like we and the rest of the uk do just now , hoping london will take time out of its day to maybe return our calls . 
  it 's percentage based . 
  i apologise for not mentioning that in the original post . 
  i 'd say it 's the pervasiveness of the english language for the most part , followed by stories left over from the british empire . 
  i like how these threads are basically unionists patting themselves on the back and nordic people laughing . 
  did i say it 'd stay the same ? 
  i think the people claiming that an oil , resource , skill and industry rich nation which is already rich are grossly overstating any effects independence might have on our economy . 
  7 out of the top 10 countries on the same oecd list are countries of under 10 million people . 
  there is more than ample evidence to show that scotland has the potential to far surpass what it might achieve under the burden of the uk . 
   that 's definitely not true , there 's a reason that migrants from north africa desire to come all the way through europe to get to the uk . 
  nothing to do with english being one of the most spoken languages in the world , or the collective memory of the uk as a powerful empire . 
  also sweden has us well beat for taking in people with nothing . 
   further , our taxes are lower than much of northern europe . 
  less taxes but more poverty . 
  truly a state working for the people . 
   poverty by whose standard ? 
  the eu 's,
