  see here 's the issue i have this . 
  half the time we get told we 're too poor , too broke and too worthless to ever survive as a country on our own . 
  the other half is spent telling us that leaving will cause some massive collapse of the worldwide financial market ... 
  considering that oecd puts us 14th in the world for gdp/capita . 
  11 % higher than the uk ; i do n't have much time for those claiming that my country will turn into some 3rd world country . 
  as for cushy 1st world lives , 33 % of children in glasgow are living in poverty , we have one of the lowest life expectancies of any city in europe and is on par with ghana . 
  so forgive me for not blowing bubbles and rainbows over how great the uk is , because it 's not . 
  just like the usa it exists to make its rich richer and its poor poorer , as has been happening since the 1970s . 
  at least we have other sensible countries nearby to use as role models when we vote for independence . 
  the royal mail was already nationalised . 
  they denationalised it once it was making them money . 
  royal mail was privatised as soon as it started * making * money , if that 's what the tories thought was best for the country rather than the wallets of the rich then they 're morons . 
  we 're doing worse than the majority of europe at it while having a shitton more money . 
  the uk is one of the most unequal societies in europe , and has * a greater percentage of * children at risk of poverty than lithuania , coming 6th worst out of 28 or so countries that it 's mostly richer than . 
  doing well at it ? 
  these figures have been rising steadily since the 70s . 
  it 's estimated several hundred thousand more children will be in poverty by 2020 . 
  that the uk is a decent state is a delusion . 
  * edit : to clarify that it 's a higher % of children that are poor in the uk, 
  generally economic and political differences factor in the strength of a national identity , it 's more `` you share the same values as me therefore you 're like me '' . 
  the same thing has happened with scotland , we increasingly disagree with the policies that the uk implements , many of which directly conflict with our local policies and opinions . 
  that 's were scottish nationalism comes from , however it 's more of a civic nationalism which prioritises the welfare of the people living there , rather than a `` people born here are better '' type . 
  looking down on a loch encircled by mountains does give a you fantastic feeling in your chest . 
  seeing all the way to the horizon has its appeal as well , the netherlands is a very pretty country . 
  were you surprised by all the hills ? 
  i did n't realise how hilly scotland really was until i stayed in the netherlands one summer . 
  aw thanks . 
  do you have a monarch ? 
  perhaps we could unite our kingdoms ... 
  spain has told us that it does n't consider the situation in scotland the same . 
  we 've agreed the terms of our independence with the uk government whereas catalonia has n't . 
  as a scot i personally do n't see spain refusing us entry to the eu given the issues that could cause . 
  i believe a non-negligible number of spanish as well as other eu ships fish in scottish waters , i do n't see them forfeiting that personally . 
  i also do n't believe eu member states want the headache of creating rules for the removal of eu citizenship , loss of business or potentially having to deport scottish citizens/accept their own back . 
  our existing integration with the eu makes me firmly believe that our acceptance by the eu as a country of eu citizens is pretty much a formality of treaty nigotiations . 
  not much better i agree , but still a majority , which iirc was n't the case in the uk as a whole , which if i 'm correct would only get worse with the renoval of scotland 's more positive score . 
  i do hope and believe that if we do become independent , scots will realise the benefits of the eu more clearly . 
  it 's kind of appauling how much we hear about eu migrants and legislation as negative things , when the papers report almost nothing about the big pile of money the eu gave the uk for scottish agriculture but the uk actively refused to give to scotland . 
  the uk has polled at 43 % wanting to remain ... hardly overwhelmingly in favour . 
  they rescued that poor man from living in estonia !, 
  yeh i actually agree with mandating energy efficiency . 
  so long as it does n't cost an unreasonable amount to people who ca n't afford it . 
  a parliament that was n't officially in any country would be interesting , though probably unworkable . 
  there was a daily mail article about europeans living in scotland voting on the referendum . 
  some of the views were rather nasty . 
  uk polls at around 43 % for staying iirc . 
  scotland was just over 50 in the last eu poll i saw . 
  hi there !, 
  we should start a club for countries that eat a lot of potatoes . 
  fptp and the two party system it perpetuates encourages painting the other party as evil , even if they make sense on certain issues . 
  i look forward to having coalitions of 3-4 parties with different views working together . 
  pretty sure theirs is  gain support , do the opposite of what we said in a coalition where we 're literally forgotten about by even the press . 
  i ca n't find any details on who voted what , but what i can find is that : the vote in 2010 was won by 21 . 
  the conservatives were the ones that proposed the bill , of which we returned 1 . 
  the conservatives had a majority of ~ 80 , so ~ 60 from there own side voted no . 
  as far as i know , labour , the party we returned voted no . 
  several scottish lib dems voted no against party lines . 
  additionally if we removed scotland at the time , the conservatives would have had a bigger majority and the bill would have passed more easily . 
  if you 're referring to the 2004 vote then yes i agree that it was unfair . 
  please correct me if you find anything which differs from my account . 
  the world 's nuclear arsenal has done a great job of holding putin back so far . 
  i 'm sure he already has the invasion fleet lined up for the 19th . 
  82 % of mps represent english constituencies . 
  to claim that the other nations have a noticeable affect on your policies is simply incorrect . 
  to claim that those 82 % have no say in scottish politics is just as ridiculous as our government , if they did n't then the bedroom tax would n't be in force here . 
  10 % of mps . 
  as has become apparent our voting makes no difference to who wins a majority ( something like 3 times since the wwii ) . 
  mps vote what their party tells them to , the party with the majority wins . 
  you should be blaming uk con/lab not scotland . 
  independence will solve the issue some have with our uk mps voting on uk legislation . 
  it 's represented by the uk parliament , which i thought was clear in the post . 
  taking some of my info from [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/2fgn4a/lets_talk_about_education/ck90t5z ) dude , who was a student rep dealing with this issue . 
  i could be wrong , but most of what i found elsewhere points to scottish places being separate from eu/international . 
  there does seem to be some confusion/disagreement on the issue . 
  first of all thanks for going into such detail with me !, 
  i 'll respond to your detailed reply in the same format , while responding to some specific points at the end . 
  00:00 -00:20 : scotland is governed by both the uk and scottish parliaments . 
  here he is listing policies imposed on scotland by the uk parliament , that the scottish parliament has no control over , in many cases these are policies scottish have voted against but we get anyway . 
  the tax he talks about is a tax on empty bedrooms , introduced by the uk government . 
  the scottish people and government thought it was unfair on the poor who are often assigned houses with more rooms than they might use . 
  his party set money aside from elsewhere to protect those poor people , while every other party voted against those protections . 
  nuclear weapons are n't a necessity , northern european countries are doing fine without them . 
  scotland as a country is not high on anyone 's list of targets , we 'll be even lower on that list without nuclear weapons and when we are n't part of a country that invades others . 
  a big issue with nuclear weapons is that they 're kept right next to the largest city in scotland , we have no say in that . 
  0:45 i do n't know how familiar you are with the campaigns , but the opposite side has been saying that oil revenues were too unstable to be relied upon or counted upon . 
  that 's where his exaggeration that oil is a liability comes from . 
  while they do not explicitly say it is a curse the implication is that oil is a bad thing . 
  1:10 : i actually checked the full debate on this part and as you can hear in the highlights the moderator moves the debate on to the woman asking about currency so his opponent attacks his statistics , while making emotional arguments like `` you 're gambling our children 's futures '' and he is n't allowed to respond . 
  in the full debate , a few minutes earlier he gets to speak on oil a little . 
  making the case that norway has 20 % of it 's gdp as oil revenue , scotland would have 15 % , so unless people consider norway unstable , scotland could n't be either . 
  as for oil statistics , there are numerous unrelated bodies all publishing figures , some are higher and some are lower . 
  no one agrees on the right value . 
  1:40 : all sides have these speeches . 
  2:00 : the question is fairly loaded though . 
  after independence we have to decide on our currency , his plan is to negotiate to share the currency we use now . 
  before negotiating you do n't let the other side know what you 'll settle for . 
  he 's repeatedly set out the options available , and made it clear that it 's up to us to decide on this afterwards . 
  debt is a tricky issue . 
  historically an independent country has never taken any debt owed by the country it seceded from . 
  what the snp propose is that we accept some debt for a proportional amount of the national assets .
