this is what i was looking for . 
  f-35s . 
  south cyprus is only cyprus . 
  '' ... unwillingly following the ignorant decisions of only one nation . 
  but wales also voted to leave , did it not ? 
  so it would seem half the countries in the uk wanted to leave . 
  because muslims and turks are not native to europe . 
  kurds are native to their region of turkey/syria/iraq / iran . 
  they do n't have anywhere else to be , of course that 's where they will reproduce . 
  if they had their independence you would n't need to worry about them out producing you in your country . 
  thanks albania . 
  awesome !, 
  good for the romanians , stronger , more advanced , more confident armed forces and good for nato for all of the above . 
  thanks guys . 
  information overload . 
  isis . 
  north korea . 
  chemical weapons . 
  we are being bombarded . 
  what happens if they do anyway ? 
  excellent !, 
  welcome friends . 
  surprised greece does n't have like ... hellenic law , or justinian law . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm . 
  this will be worse in the coming decades if something is n't done . 
  it was blocking roads this time . 
  but it will get violent if people really feel they are losing control of their government to people with dual citizenship from an ever hostile country . 
  these people do n't care . 
  30-40 years from now their children will though , and you 'll see blood over things like this . 
  well , at least the greeks got to keep all the wine land . 
  and i think that is great . 
  america needs to do the same , i am not sure if you 've heard of them , you can find information pretty quick online , but here in ca we 've been dealing with birth tourism , where women from out of country will come here for a few days or weeks , have a child , get them dual citizenship , and then go home . 
  these kids , and their kids , will be able to vote and get benefits from the us . 
  we have no generational limitations , all their descendants can claim us citizenship . 
  it 's crazy . 
  fair enough . 
  i did n't say he needed too , i said he was going to . 
  i did n't say it was right to cancel on nato . 
  i said he was n't doing it to meet russia , but china , because you made no mention of china and spoke as though he was skipping nato for a meeting with russia . 
  which is not so . 
  and also ... http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-tillerson-nato-iduskbn16v1t0 oh look , he 's going to meet with nato , before he meets with russia or china , also reuters . 
  i agree . 
  i wish we did n't and followed your example . 
  this is going to continue as a problem if dual citizenship and immigration continues as it currently is . 
  i mean , we had a mexican presidential candidate campaign in ca because there are millions with dual citizenship . 
  things like this are going to be problems for host nations in the future . 
  he said tillerson was skipping the meeting to meet russia first . 
  he is n't skipping it to meet russia and he is n't meeting russia first . 
  would you prefer i say he was wrong ? 
  i can do that if you prefer . 
  in fact i did . 
  in the post you replied to with this . 
  so what else do you want ? 
  okay . 
  so he is n't meeting putin first and he had to skip the original dates to meet china , not russia . 
  so what roma said was wrong and he is n't meeting russia first over nato ? 
  and what you said about chronology is wrong because it goes nato , china , russia ? 
  and i lied about nothing here ? 
  what were you trying to prove ? 
  wait , he is meeting nato next week ? 
  would n't that mean he 's meeting them first , as he is visiting russia at the end of april ? 
  what did i lie about ? 
  your post does n't make any sense . 
  russia is shitty , but so is china , saudi arabia and others . 
  you do n't see people literally being called traitors to their people for visiting or talking to them . 
  at least not to the degree the left in both europe and america are about russia . 
  you are a liar . 
  he 's skipping the meeting to meet the president of china . 
  he fly 's to russia later in the same month . 
  he is not skipping nato to meet putin . 
  christ . 
  speaking with russia is treason , no exceptions . 
  guillotine time , apparently . 
  i see they have finished construction of the bay of ulster . 
  probably for the best . 
  that is a shame, 
  err , i think that confused me a little . 
  you said in another post this town had a large muslim population , right ? 
  i did n't think france was `` importing '' muslims in large numbers during the industrial revolution , was it ? 
  the op says this is a very poor french city , i must say i amazed at the beautiful and classical architecture that permeates even the poorest areas of europe . 
  from it 's architecture , to it 's culture to it 's people , france is beautiful . 
  german ones look like government logos . 
  austrian ones look like companies . 
  i never knew sanghelie hailed from germany . 
  i like that czechia 's western borders are basically identically to the old crown of bohemia . 
  religious freedom in the us keeps us from doing it . 
  if trump tried to shut down mosques , even ones controlled by radicals , can you imagine the outrage , the headlines ? 
  we are paralyzed by our own virtues or freedom . 
  russia is sanctioned for their occupation of crimea . 
  turkey still occupies cyprus and is making threats , not just to the eu but europeans as a whole . 
  what will it take to bring sanctions down on turkey ? 
  turkey already constantly prods greece with air incursions , they occupy half of cyprus , these kind of threats are now coming from their president . 
  we need to reevaluate their nato membership . 
  perhaps we are all that rare white-native americans . 
  thanks for this . 
  i think it hits the root of the matter very well . 
  perceived ancestry ? 
  what 's perceived about it , white americans trace their ancestry to europe . 
  i have my great-great-grandfathers immigration papers and we still have distant cousins in genoa that we are in occasional communication with . 
  we are americans , and america is our home nation .
