  but our ancestry is very real . 
  that 's confused me before too ... 
  sometimes the substitute meats are more expensive . 
  or perhaps these are sick or hurt horses that would just be put down , so they sell them for a little to a meat plant . 
  eire coming out swinging . 
  some , i 'm sure . 
  but the greeks had been settling sicily and southern italy long before even the roman republic was around . 
  that some of those greek populations may still have some descendants there does n't seem impossible . 
  but yes , many are likely byzantine era as well . 
  yes , exactly , i think you 're fine . 
  i think that 's a fair assessment . 
  i 've always seen it as britain and nations that were former british colonies that speak english and have a , as you said , western or british culture as their main influence and are mostly of european descent . 
  poland meets the 2 % spending currently , aye ? 
  i would hope trump would n't have us abandon any nato allies , but i really do n't expect any ties cut with those that , in his mind , are meeting requirements . 
  usa , gb , ca , nz , eire , and ` stralia are generally considered anglo-sphere . 
  though i 'm sure the some irish would have issue being labeled such . 
  putin did better than i expected . 
  if spain was leaving the eu do you think this sub would shift it 's opinion on catalan independence ? 
  `` slavery , sexism ad sharia law are n't as bad as hurting the environment because that one might hurt me !!! '', 
  edit : right , it is only 29 million saudi people who face that , who cares ? 
  screw that . 
  i saw it before you removed it . 
  i would much rather deal with a country that pollutes than one that enslaves . 
  if you ca n't say the same then i am sorry for you . 
  is n't ... that other dirty stuff even worse ? 
  and often the uk on these boards it seems . 
  yes , i realize . 
  i am not even saying it is a bad thing , you have hostile neighbors . 
  just that if someone tried that here in the us they would never have a chance at office . 
  i am surprised . 
  while we use the draft during war , saying you 'd institute even a month of required military service would probably end someone 's chances here . 
  they tell you that you have a romanticized view in a thread where they are saying the eu is the greatest thing to ever exist in man 's history and that the uk will rejoin because the eu is just so amazing . 
  who has the romanticized view of themselves ? 
  maybe it does , maybe it does n't . 
  either way , i think you will be hard pressed to find americans who would call politico a highly respected or prestigious outlet . 
  yes , so does t_d from everything i 've seen . 
  `` jfk was assassinated so his messages are worthless . '', 
  got it . 
  that ... actually seems pretty worrisome . 
  well , that is terrible for them . 
  i imagine they will stay angry . 
  does that mean that in four years you think things will be so much better for the poor whites that they wo n't vote wilders , or that they will have been priced out of the city ? 
  has humanity ever had a time were countries all just `` did what was normal '' whatever that means , without being forced ? 
  i do n't think we have . 
  this is normal . 
  it just sucks . 
  do n't worry greece , you may be middle of the pack for total spending , but we see that 2.4 % !, 
  appreciated . 
  does that not usually happen ? 
  over here in a child commits a violent crime the police will take them into custody until they can get legal guardians on scene . 
  all the more reason to kick turkey out . 
  if they attacked greece , or any other member of the eu , i would want the usa standing right there with you against them . 
  holy shit . 
  is someone trying to equip a private army ? 
  i understand why the greeks maintain the second highest % of gdp spending in nato with this on their doorstep . 
  pfft . 
  i think the greeks would like word with venice . 
  and we see the exact opposite . 
  europhiles will take brexit talking points and unionists will take the eu 's . 
  devolving immigration within a union is unfeasible . 
  yes . 
  because you could never make them stay in scotland . 
  greece can say this about half of turkey . 
  many of these people are dutch born are n't they ? 
  that 's very troubling . 
  very interesting . 
  i think that makes a lot of sense . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  i guess with the uk leaving you 're soon going to find yourselves in a very unique position , given your opt-outs . 
  if danemark held a popular in out vote today what do you think would happen ? 
  spotify is a start up ? 
  the caesers could have sat beneath this tree . 
  you and aussie can be honorary northerners . 
  or maybe we can come out with some kind of north pole - south pole alliance . 
  north hemisphere best hemisphere . 
  step up your game russia , making the north look bad . 
  i ca n't tell if you were playing into that or being serious . 
  they mean , most likely , ww2 . 
  ukraine , as part of the soviet union , was involved in the partition of poland . 
  large amounts of former and long historic polish land was transfered to ukraine post war , poland had this offset , partially , by being gifted large pieces of germany . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/curzon_line_en.svg curzon line b was meant to let poland keep lwow . 
  but it did not come to be . 
  a major loss for polish culture . 
  then the population exchanges happened . 
  not a pleasant memory for many and something neither side wants to bring up now that relations between the propels are improving . 
  greece , for all its troubles , is still by far the beacon in the balkans here . 
  nigeria , and india if climate change hits them hard , are going to be major sources of migrants in the coming decades . 
  camp of the saints . 
  he deserves decades in jail either way . 
  17 , 18 , it does n't matter . 
  using an arbitrary number to let a child rapist free ? 
  i mean for fucks sake , age of consent is 15 in your nation , but a 17 year old commiting rape ca n't be held responsible ? 
  were n't france and the uk primary participants in destabilizing libya ? 
  i meant 1204 when venice lead the sack if constantinople during the 4th crusade . 
  this splintered the empire into several successor states . 
  i just typed 1453 because i play too much ck2 . 
  niccea , ( who would reconquer constantinople and refound the empire ) trebizond and eperius . 
  it also created the latin empire , based in constantinople , and it 's vassal states . 
  the dukedom of athens , kingdom of thessaloniki and a few others . 
  most of which would be eaten by the remade roman empire .
