  that 's ridiculous . 
  more like `` the most beautiful photos from brittany . '', 
  `` beautiful pictures from catalonia . '', 
  in what way ? 
  what false statehood is being propagated ? 
  i see posts about beautiful photos from tuscany , brittany and others . 
  republic of srpska is a legal entity and semi-autonomous region . 
  nowhere did op declare it was an independent country . 
  srpska is a legal and recognized entity . 
  it 's like saying `` pictures from brittany or bavaria , or catalonia . 
  it is not at all in the vein as donetsk . 
  uhh . 
  i constantly see `` beautiful pictures from * insert region here . 
  * tuscany , brittany , catalonia . 
  but not srpska ? 
  i mean , they are a legal entity right ? 
  a legal region ? 
  why does it seem like people here do n't even want to acknowledge they exist ? 
  mississippi is the lowest with about 36k per capita . 
  so about equal to italy or japan . 
  good ol' louisiana, 
  would ... would that be the entirety of the loss ? 
  30 + billion is nothing to laugh at , but when we are talking countries with economies in the trillions 30 billion is something that could be handled without the economy collapsing . 
  in all seriousness , is having the same hair cut and mustache as hitler a crime under austrian law ? 
  can you have just one but not the other ? 
  what is the limit and range here ? 
  wow . 
  kentucky and greece line up pretty perfect . 
  i misread the title read `` decorated the town hall with the heads of afd leaders . '', 
  i think you mean not a requirement , but a guideline , and you are correct . 
  it is but a mere guideline . 
  but one we would appreciate and hope others kept to , such as greece , who manages to spend above and beyond that even in spite of their conditions . 
  yes , we exert softpower because of the current situation , but that soft power has been weakening since the collapse of the ussr . 
  with less soft power and more nato allies to defend is it surprising we want the alliance to be more evenly distributed ? 
  if all of nato met the 2 % guideline , we , as an alliance , would far stronger , far more secure and far less vulnerable to an uncertain future . 
  you ask why we did n't get out . 
  numerous reasons , some of them are directly related to the power it gives us . 
  some of it is the power it denies others ( russia ) . 
  and much of it is because we like you , we care about you , europe is , for most american 's , our history and ancestry . 
  our closest friends and allies , historically and culturally . 
  most american 's do n't want worse relations with europe , we want better ones , but we also want a fair distribution of responsibility in nato . 
  neato man . 
  `` whataboutism '' a worthless word . 
  between de gaulle pulling out of nato command and hollande enforcing permanent emergency powers france has n't always been the most stalwart or stable friend . 
  we did n't cast you aside as unreliable . 
  but you are so willing to do it , so fast , when nothing has even happened yet . 
  you do n't care about trump , you just want to shit on america and now feel emboldened to do so . 
  oh , so no reason then . 
  besides , anyone with hollande as their leader really has no room to talk . 
  why ? 
  because we ask you to pay your 2 % ? 
  this seems a little confusing to me too . 
  if they are part of the german structure does that mean germany has more say about the netherlands sent than the netherlands has about germany 's ? 
  surprised at the huge difference between greece and italy . 
  tibet ? 
  good point . 
  i suppose no one wants to get thousands of their people killed over a bluff being called . 
  do you think shooting the jets down and calling turkeys bluff would be the right thing to do ? 
  i 'm happy and surprised by the 28k in greece . 
  i thought they were at like 19k . 
  i 'd say war ... 
  but , i would have said that if you asked me about turkey shooting down a russian jet , before it happened . 
  you did n't want to be in their bad union , so now you do n't get to be in their good union !, 
  take that southnetherlands-northfrance . 
  look , look , if the turks do n't believe the treaty if lausanne 's territory is legitimate that 's fine , all good , we can just revert to recognizing the treaty of sevres . 
  so , with his description , malta used to be able to influence its own island and waters exclusively , now it can influence everyone 's !, 
  but everyone can also influence malta 's . 
  i think for many people that is n't even close to worth it . 
  especially when malta will have far less say in the european parliament . 
  us states , with few exceptions , were never counties and those few that were were not nation states . 
  we also you know , fought a terrible war and determined states are n't allowed to leave . 
  the eu is not a federation , is made up almost exclusively of nation states and allows for members to leave . 
  there is a big difference between a us state and a european country . 
  do n't you know , the only way to gain sovereignty is to give up your sovereignty to the eu . 
  i do n't know that it will . 
  i was just explaining that the news of chicago 's crime being out of control is n't just some o'reilly lie . 
  uhh . 
  maybe you do n't know this , but we lost as many people in chicago than iraq over the same 8 year period 2003-2011 . 
  they had 750 + murders last year alone . 
  yeah , it 's pretty fucking out of hand . 
  good for greece . 
  those men would never have faced fair charges . 
  ah , i believe you are right . 
  my bad . 
  which me countries are beacons of light ? 
  europe has never relied on the us for anything , not even military ? 
  you live in a complete fantasy world . 
  i agree, 
  those orange and red parts of mexico are why some in the border regions want the wall . 
  brittany looks pretty much the same . 
  though it still has nantes ... 
  i think many americans would palatable to free movement with the uk , canada , ` stralia and nz . 
  yes . 
  agreed . 
  whether you agree with russia in crimea or not there is no comparison between tko and crimea . 
  they were . 
  funny enough , last time russia and france were allies crimea was a part of russia . 
  some say it was a gesture of good faith to ukraine , or that it was done because it was the 300th anniversary of ukraine and russia joining together . 
  the official ussr reason was as follows though : `` decree of the presidium of the ussr supreme soviet transferring the crimea province from the russian sfsr to the ukrainian ssr . 
  ** taking into account the integral character of the economy , the territorial proximity and the close economic and cultural ties between the crimea province and the ukrainian ssr , ** the presidium of the ussr supreme soviet decrees : to approve the joint presentation of the presidium of the russian sfsr supreme soviet and the presidium of the ukrainian ssr supreme soviet on the transfer of the crimea province from the russian sfsr to the ukrainian ssr . '',
