  crimea is majority ethnic russian and was , until 1954 , part of the russian ssr when the ussr transferred it to the ukrainian ssr . 
  this was considered highly controversy in russia at the time as russian 's were already the majority ethnic group . 
  however , they were still within the ussr , meaning they were still part of the same country as russia . 
  after the break-up of the ussr crimea became part of the independent nation of ukraine and it finally boiled over a few years back . 
  so le pen is saying she will recognize this as a valid annexation as , in her view , it was never ukrainian to begin with . 
  but scotland knew an in out referendum was coming . 
  just because they thought it would go their way does n't mean they have to get a do-over . 
  remember . 
  kosovo can unilaterally leave serbia but if the serbian majority parts want to stay with serbia then the serbs are evil and the other balkans will call in america to stop them . 
  except the us , under trump , would not move to protect kosovo from serbia . 
  well , that is what the california vote called for , to redefine it as between a man and a woman in the state constitution . 
  and obama did say that he believed it was between a man and a woman . 
  so california , at least , was majority anti gay marriage as recently as 2008 . 
  i 'm not even convinced that if a popular vote was held nationwide today that it would pass , given it lost the biggest , and one of the most liberal states so recently . 
  to be fair , obama and hillary were both anti gay marriage in 2008 . 
  so both parties have only changed on this view very recently . 
  i mean remember , california had a popular vote say no to gay marriage in 2008 . 
  `` i was n't one of the people attacked or harassed so what 's the problem ? '', 
  the dreams basically dead for those of us already here , do n't try and pawn this off on us . 
  `` op says gun culture is more prevalent in switzerland than it really is . 
  this makes him a neo-nazi . '', 
  i 'm glad california and texas get brought in on these . 
  how has america not earned the rest of natos trust anyway ? 
  i guess 50 + years of being their for our allies is n't a good enough track record . 
  what percent of the population is kurdish ? 
  america should not have defended crimea . 
  ukraine is not an ally we are n't going to fight a war with russia to protect their border regions . 
  high life expectancy . 
  high income relative to the world . 
  strong and technologically advanced military relative to the world . 
  by far one of the world 's most powerful cultural superpowers . 
  italy may not be the king of europe but they are a world power without doubt . 
  uhh , why not ? 
  he 's their citizen . 
  when he lands in their country and gets off the plane he is their problem . 
  have some backbone . 
  i do n't think people get these are lyrics . 
  but many are descended from immigrants that came from 3rd world shit holes . 
  i think his plan is more long term . 
  i like that asutria-hungary is two people . 
  this is more accurate . 
  in children of men the population of earth was decreasing , we are going to see climate change and population growth , bad combination . 
  so does death . 
  was this made as satire or ... 
  why did n't she stop working ? 
  i like this . 
  especially western europe . 
  i always felt greece was a `` western '' nation . 
  what ? 
  do you guys not have ancestry dna or 23 and me ? 
  it 's very interesting , especially since the results can be used for more than just geneology . 
  you can run them through some medical ones and see if you have higher risks in certain areas . 
  that 's his point . 
  exactly . 
  i commented below , that i could n't imagine this happening in the us . 
  i feel people would already be marching with guns . 
  that kind of militant mentality is more prevent here , but if this keeps happening , and it will , i expect to see european begin taking the same actions . 
  i 'm sure of them are just ignorant to what 's going on , but not all . 
  why do so many seem to just want it swept away ? 
  do they think it will get better ? 
  do they think when there are millions more of these people there will be less of this ? 
  i just do n't understand how you do n't have vigilante mobs grabbing these guys . 
  i ca n't imagine the reaction if this was happening in , say , alabama , with this kind if frequency . 
  god damn . 
  i 'm not looking forward to the coming decades . 
  how multi-culti were there victims i wonder ? 
  sorry , i 'll pick human life over turtles . 
  but you do you man . 
  that does n't relate to the post you replied to . 
  i mean , when an adult male terrorist in europe , say the uk or germany , kills people in a terror attack , do they get the death penalty ? 
  never . 
  but people in this thread seem to think she deserves worse . 
  is this a guilt thing ? 
  is it because she 's `` one of us '' so there needs to be more push back ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but it seems weird . 
  the same people who held signs welcoming unvetted refugees will kick and scream if this 16 year old idiot does n't get raped and executed in iraq . 
  and reddit will stand in the sidelines and cheer . 
  i wish all flags looked like coat of arms . 
  day cyprus one though . 
  just deletes north cyprus . 
  water roads . 
  how does the one get to crete ? 
  i fear for all the ancient greco roman ruins . 
  turkey has a lot of beautiful ones . . 
  thank you for this . 
  this seems like it would push brits to leave the sm just as a fuck you . 
  hey , if they double theirs to 10 and we lower ours to 50 we 'll be proportional to our populations !, 
  this would double the uks numbers to 10k a year yeah ? 
  the us takes in 50-100k a year . 
  we have five times the uk population . 
  think we 're doing our part already . 
  thanks though . 
  we have 10 + million extra people in the nation already , no thanks . 
  thsts part of what stems the hispanophobia in the us . 
  look at the texas border . 
  90 % hispanic . 
  90 % spanish language , bordering mexico . 
  we ca n't integrate or assimilate people on such large scales . 
  wait what .
