  how does that work , how does 32 % translate into 70 % of seats ? 
  i was watching the live results come in on guardian and comparing the votes to the 2015 map . 
  the first thing i noticed , ukip , lib dem , their vote shares were crashing , the votes looked like the us . 
  two parties ( red and blue ) and a few people voting green ( green ) and libertarian ( yellow ) . 
  yay fptp . 
  enjoy britain . 
  interesting , high numbers for indian and nigerian graduates . 
  but my question was about quality not quantity . 
  i wonder if the indian and nigerian advanced degrees are as high of quality education as in the us and europe . 
  wait , but , he said `` you do n't get to judge who 's what . '', 
  that does n't sound very alt-right . 
  are they just trolling , or do i not get european neo-nazi humor ? 
  how does the quality of their education compare to european standards ? 
  so they ... can ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand how that 's a negative on him . 
  hmm . 
  north east england , sunderland and the like , voted fairly in favor of brexit right , like , leave won sunderland by like 20 points right ? 
  that seems strange in such heavy labour areas . 
  you should be . 
  poland is a lovely country . 
  i hope to visit and explore warsaw and krakow someday, 
  wow . 
  those neo classical buildings ... those monuments . 
  everything was so beautiful . 
  that 's true . 
  provided the countries economies are able to maintain it . 
  i have heard that lots of previously decent infrastructure has degraded in sa , especially rail ways . 
  though i do n't know if that is fact or just hearsay . 
  not that this is bad , but europe and america already give billions in aid and economic development to africa . 
  how much is germany planning increase by to make it a marshall plan ? 
  it is . 
  wow , just goes to show how well crafted ancient buildings like the pantheon and hagia sophia are . 
  to survive so long in such eq heavy places . 
  yeah , america could use some of that . 
  the swiss accidently invade them . 
  their armies come back larger than they leave . 
  and the president feel the previous one negotiated poorly . 
  he did n't share it intentionally though . 
  unless he clicked the share link and posted it to his profile . 
  but the discussions seems to indicate he just likes posts ? 
  you do n't decide who , if anyone , see that . 
  when your friends like something on facebook , it can appear in your feed , it does n't always . 
  maybe it appears in some but not others . 
  so unless he was specifically using the share button , no , liking is not intentionally spreading it . 
  but you 're only spreading it by liking it since facebook made the things you like appear in your friends feeds . 
  if that was n't the case no one more would see it . 
  this is anecdotal . 
  but , i work in recruiting for tech in the san francisco bay area . 
  lots of `` skilled '' indians being brought over . 
  most do n't have any actual skills to start , we train them all from the ground up , as we could do with locals , but it 's cheaper this way and the ceo speaks hindi as his first language , so he prefers other hindi speakers . 
  so even some of the `` skilled '' labor is only skilled on their resumes . 
  wow . 
  i ca n't believe that did n't piss off all the other eu nations . 
  exactly . 
  also , is n't the agreement that china will stop increasing their emissions by 2030 ? 
  not lowering then now ? 
  i may be wrong , but i think us emissions have declined the last couple of years . 
  solar is cheaper . 
  trump can tut tut about coal all he wants , he does n't build the power plants . 
  ) : america can not into space again ? 
  well , they put us on the moon . 
  so if those were n't your best scientists ... what kinda crazy space shit are you germans up to ? 
  that 's right germany , keep sending the rocket scientists . 
  i like this one best . 
  classy , beautiful , but not overly gilded or flashy like many . 
  it feels very respectable . 
  was n't their `` occupation '' only a few years after your people 's genocide against them ? 
  and while constantinople and anttolia still had significant greek populations ? 
  this turkish victim propaganda must stop . 
  so they 'd have 40 % of the parliament but would n't form a coalition . 
  would the other 60 % be able to ? 
  would they have enough seats among parties willing to form one ? 
  pcb nasty ? 
  greece is the most interesting one to me . 
  i think some people , like me , miss-read the title as kindergartners , not kindergartens . 
  making the title seem like five year olds must report their parents or be punished . 
  that is n't the case . 
  that is , a. 
  not even a little true . 
  has nothing to do with how much power is devolved ? 
  did you read the comments ? 
  really ? 
  i am actually curious , what powers did they have our states do n't ? 
  our states have their own courts , police , military ( main battle tanks , f-16s ) tax systems , legislative systems , they can execute people , pardon people . 
  i 'd always thought we were one of the most powerfully devolved federations . 
  this just makes me feel even worse for greece . 
  well , i suppose i meant with greater devolved powers and self governance . 
  i had always heard power was largely centralized during tito 's time . 
  but i admit , my knowledge of the yugoslavian federal framework is very limited . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  should the top four have remained in a union do you think ? 
  maybe if it had full federalization ? 
  i really like this . 
  428 bce : muhammed alabi plato is born into the democratic islamic city state of athens . 
  336 bce : muhammed iii of macedonia forms the first caliphate . 
  1204 ad : noble venicians assist in weakening the greek occupiers of constantinople . 
  1453 ad : constantinople is liberated , the great mosque of the hagia sophia is freed and the orthodox thieves cast out . 
  1822 ad : the gentle turks gift the savage and uncultured greeks some territory to rule themselves . 
  1881 ad : ungrateful greeks launch a surprise attack and conquer innocent turks . 
  1913-1917 ad : greeks , armenians and asyrians commit the turkish genocide .
