  which the three deny to this day . 
  and canada ... 
  what ? 
  there was another one this year . 
  they had the truck attack in march , six dead , 50 injured . 
  i do n't give a shit how big their army is or what they spend . 
  i 'd rather be allies with austria anyday . 
  they are a country that i am proud we are friends with and would be proud to stand side by side with in defence should it come to that . 
  i could never say the same for turkey . 
  i 'm sure the people killed in the staggering execution spree really feel he improved their lives . 
  benefited their society . 
  if trump mass executes a bunch of americans you can try again . 
  i did n't know you guys had deserts . 
  well , i suspect spain might ... 
  trump supporter here . 
  you 're right . 
  i did not expect a polished statesmen , i did not expect a man who had a fully evolved plan , but i did expect a president who could , at the very least , condemn foreign agents , foreign agents of a religion he is hostile towards , when they beat our citizens in our fucking capital . 
  if he does n't come back from this trip and immediately condemn erdogan and turkey then my support for him will have fully gone . 
  uhh . 
  what part of it was off topic ? 
  the armenian genocide is discussed all the time on this sub . 
  the greeks also were n't deported after losing a war where their govenrments committed the largest mass murder in history at the time . 
  i do n't think comparing greeks and post-war germany is fair . 
  well , that is a terrible shame for greece and the greek people . 
  that 's terrible . 
  i really hope greece does n't sell it 's national infrastructure , piraeus port for example , only to stay in recession and decline anyway ... 
  the european age has been going on since portugal founded the first world empire 600 years ago . 
  i think we 're well past the beginning . 
  uh huh . 
  but if they were white she would n't have been made to feel racist for accusing them would she ? 
  they would n't have been affraid of being labeled racist for arresting them . 
  so , yeah , that part probably would n't have happened if they had n't been brown pakistani . 
  `` i knew i was n't racist , but that was used as a way to silence me . 
  i mean seriously , the article is about race , about her being told not to talk about their race , but you 're saying this would be no different if they were white ? 
  it would be . 
  or even the populism on the guilotine . 
  still better than ben garrison though . 
  double-think right out of 1984 . 
  would you prefer an enlightened oligarchy make national decisions ? 
  got it . 
  thank you for the information !, 
  that 's true . 
  but i do n't see them trying to federalized anywhere near as soon as the west . 
  and poland has cd projekt !, 
  `` any '' hey now . 
  poland puts out the witcher . 
  that alone boosts europe tech cred . 
  greece has few power plants correct ? 
  i remember reading during the crisis that they import lots of energy . 
  i guess it makes sense the ones they would invest in would be solar . 
  i 'm glad the internet and movies has taught us all the few german words we need to fully read that . 
  combat cardinal . 
  we wish we knew ... 
  i think there are five primary reasons . 
  the euro is closer to the dollar than it used to be , so more americans want to go to greece 2 . 
  turkey . 
  so more americans want to go to greece . 
  turkey . 
  so more eu citizens want to go to greece . 
  turkey . 
  so more russians want to go to greece . 
  turkey . 
  so the more turks want to go to greece, 
  8 points ? 
  i 've never seen her above mid thirties or him below low sixties , were they 57-43 in some recent ones or something ? 
  oh , well that 's fair . 
  when you 're polling like corbyn you go for a hail mary . 
  he is many things , bit good looking is not one that ever comes to mind . 
  this sub hated him during the greek crisis . 
  does anyone even know the names of the mps he will run in each area ? 
  or do people just vote for the party and not named individuals ? 
  maybe the west should have just let the soviets take all of germany post war . 
  wonder how you 'd look with a per capita gdp equal to bulgaria or ukraine . 
  constantinople remains the seat of the eastern patriarchy and was the seat of ottoman caliph until the 20s . 
  rome also dropped from over a million people to some 30,000 during the middle ages . 
  hell , it was n't even the capital of the western roman empire during the final centuries . 
  milan and ravenna were . 
  so does it not fall in the same vein as athens being supplanted by constantinople and thessaloniki ? 
  who rivals them ? 
  constantinople . 
  if i could only preserve one city for posterity ? 
  rome . 
  i ca n't tell if this is tongue in cheek or not . 
  i have never heard of liberty blitzkrieg before . 
  are they fairly fringe ? 
  i do n't know why you got down voted . 
  i immediately thought constantinople too . 
  well , not really . 
  i mean , the byzantine fell to the ottomans , and as you said , they are n't in it save for a few late bookmarks . 
  so 1453 really does n't play prominently at all in ck2 . 
  yet it is also incredibly common , like remove kebab . 
  you 'll likely find both in any thread of even moderate length on the sub reddit . 
  and yet it is used by the ck community , constantly . 
  same with 1453 worst year of life . 
  even though the game ends at 1454 . 
  i thought it was from ck2 . 
  you are correct . 
  but i wish you were n't . 
  you are correct . 
  but i wish you were n't .
