  this should not be controversial for a srpskian ( ? ), 
  to post . 
  if i titled a picture as being from california no one would accuse me attempting to make ca not part of the usa . 
  no one would say it if you posted a picture and said it was from quebec . 
  well , for those without swedish citizenship , who 's nations refuse to take them , you could put them in a plane , fly them to that country , leave them there , and tell that countries government to sod off . 
  that sounds about right . 
  do you think marion would take over after her ? 
  man , greece , you use to be on top of this math and science stuff . 
  so , macedonia 2 : kosovo ? 
  20 points ? 
  no , but she as beating him by 14 points in the polls three weeks before the election , 51 v 37 . 
  which is the same as fillion vs le pen . 
  57 v 43 . https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4546942/hillary-clinton-donald-trump-lead-poll/%3fsource%3ddam?client=ms-android-att-us, 
  paris and france should n't have to have gotten used to riots . 
  eh , given your border and environmental laws i think australia is more likely to join us than canada and the eu . 
  they are literally building islands to push claims south china sea . 
  on the second part , i actually agree . 
  europeans should make moves to protect their cultures . 
  pry how . 
  who is going to go in , with guns , throw the russians out and tell the russian majority population to be good citizens ukraine ? 
  well , around half the world including serbia disagrees . 
  yesss , china with their territorial expansion and protectionism is such a shining beacon of freedom that europe should ally with . 
  i 'm sure they 'd be in favor of no weapons !, 
  seriously , if you think you laid out a reasonable or plausible scenario you live in a fantasy world . 
  edit : oh , you 're the `` america last '' behind even north korea and other dictatorships guy . 
  troll or crazy , sorry for engaging . 
  good for grecia . 
  if serbia were to recognize kosovo as independent , unlikely i know , would n't there be very little to stop a merger of albania and kosovo ? 
  i ca n't imagine anyone else starting a war over it . 
  that 's a true and fair observation . 
  though , given that kosovo as a sub-national entity unilaterally declared independence and is , mostly , well received here , i wonder how people would react is srpska did the same ... 
  just looked this up . 
  definitely real . 
  never knew about this . 
  well , albright is a class a bitch is n't she ? 
  i 'm going to have to read more into her financial gains from kosovo . 
  agreed . 
  have serbia officially recognize kosovo and give up territorial claims in exchange for the bordering serbian majority territory . 
  i do n't see a better deal than that for either side at the moment . 
  it honestly does seem that way , i recall an old thread where the serbian majority parts of kosovo ( small amount of land ) were talking about what if they joined left kosovo and just became part of serbia proper . 
  that was met with hostility , but i could never get a straight answer on why it 's okay for kosovo to unilaterally leave but not okay for the serbian majority parts to unilaterally stay . 
  this sub seems disturbingly anti-serbian at times . 
  `` not that anyone does on here anyway . '', 
  what . 
  regions of italy , france and other nations are posted about all the time . 
  i think i understand now that i have been being trolled this entire time . 
  well played . 
  neat , a majority , but still not full recognition . 
  therefore , limited recognition . 
  not really sure what point you 're trying to make , you 're the one who lumped kosovo in with south ossetia to begin with . 
  again , your emotional appeal means nothing . 
  the ethnic cleansing does not change their legal or de-jure existence . 
  you have no argument , no reason besides hating how they came about , no evidence that they are n't comparable , you have emotion and anger at their history , which does nothing . 
  have fun being pissy , it wo n't change the fact that these photos are from the republic of srpska , a legally recognized entity . 
  i can and will because they are the correct things to compare it too . 
  south ossetia and kosovo are break-away regions with limited international recognition and no recognition by the host countries they are breaking away from . 
  srpska has not declared it 's formal independence to my knowledge and is also recognized worldwide as a legal entity and region . 
  so , no , your comparison is the flawed one . 
  your emotional appeal means and proves nothing . 
  how they were formed does not effect the fact that they exist legally today . 
  they do n't have to pretend not to . 
  they have a devolved parliament , president , police force , constituion and supreme court . 
  both entities of bosnia and herzegovina are largely autonomous . 
  but if you do n't want to except that fine , compare them to brittany or some other region you would n't get mad when people post about . 
  compared a legal autonomous region to a legal autonomous region . 
  it 's not flawed , you just do n't like it . 
  looks like roman dalmatia to me . 
  yes , i know . 
  i never said they did not commit atrocities . 
  they certainly did . 
  that does not change the fact that they exist , that they are legally recognized . 
  i get it . 
  you fucking hate them . 
  that does n't change that they are real and it does n't make ops claim these photos are from ros any less true . 
  many regions and countries are the results of war . 
  which other legally recognized entities shall we pretend do n't exist ? 
  or is there a time limit , can they say republic of srpska in ... 30 years , 40 ? 
  aww man . 
  got me good . 
  some parts are okay . 
  uhh . 
  republic of srpska is their official name . 
  they did not claim to be a state or country . 
  they need a disclaimer , a trigger warning , saying * note the republic if srpska is a legal entity not a nation * on everything about them ? 
  this is some weird shit . 
  people in this thread are angry that the name srpska is used . 
  mainly do the the tensions surrounding it it seems . 
  kosovo is a breakaway region from serbia , yes ? 
  which is also a tense situation in the same region . 
  but i feel if this post was about kosovo people would not be reacting to op with hostility . 
  sorry the previous post was confusing . 
  which ones , specifically declare indepence ? 
  something tells me if this title was `` beautiful pictures of kosovo ! '', 
  you 'd find no one herr angry . 
  because the op is like from the region of srpska so titled it thusly . 
  if i posted pictures i would likely say `` beautiful photos from california ! '', 
  because that is what people do . 
  again , you are saying that they should not acknowledge their own existence or legal entity because other people do n't like that they exist . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  so what , they are n't allowed to use their name or acknowledge their existence without it being a provocation ?
