  i am genuinely confused . 
  i thought europe was upset it looked like we we 're getting chummy with russia . 
  should n't this be good ? 
  we let in lots of nazis . 
  we swooped up nazi rocket scientistists and ss agents elft and right after the war . 
  well we 're running out of it . 
  i wonder how much larger to backlash if le pen won and said the same thing . 
  he was joking . 
  that those people will all immigrate to germany . 
  some western countries will get to that point if it comes to it , yes . 
  hey you , yeah , you grecia , you want some abrams ? 
  come on ... first tanks free , what 's the harm ? 
  that 's up to the individual country . 
  germany could make them stateless . 
  it would likely be condemned internationally , probably called a violation of human rights , but if turkey was doing what this hypothetical future entails the world community might not care to take action . 
  then you put in a clause `` any german citizen who votes in a foreign election loses their citizenship . '', 
  i 'm confused . 
  the guy below you admits that as a secular he was raised to hate greeks . 
  why is he being upvoted and you downvoted ? 
  the greeks had a genocide against them and mass expulsion from their ancient lands and city less than a century ago . 
  i think they have some feelings of `` wronged . '', 
  love it . 
  wish the towers matched , but it hardly ruins the classical center . 
  hmm . 
  non-descript fried shapes ? 
  this speaks to americans . 
  damn bavaria is killing it . 
  i 'm worried about the outcome with the f-35 and the aegean situation . 
  turkey has ordered f-35s , greece has not , and i doubt the capability of the f-16 to chase off a next gen stealth fighter when they breach your airspace . 
  step it up greece !, 
  you could be a solar king !, 
  modern . 
  modern . 
  international . 
  modern . 
  st peters basilica . 
  modern . 
  international international modern polish place of art and culture . 
  modern . 
  reason 1 is n't true in the usa . 
  the opposite actually . 
  hey kid ... yeah , over here . 
  wan na buy some f-35s ? 
  that looks like it would have been hot and dark during the 1200s . 
  but england does have an official religion . 
  just not the uk . 
  and they very well could be right . 
  i will not go so far as to say that i believe american doctors infallible . 
  it could be cultural bias effecting their judgement . 
  but , so long as our medical institutions say it has more benefits than risks it i think i would have a hard time condemning my parents or anyone else for having it done . 
  very true . 
  western states do n't see nearly the circumcision rates of the north east . 
  dern protestants . 
  though , my father 's family was italian catholic and they all did it, 
  africa has by far the highest rates of circumsicion . 
  i think it was cultural even before christianity became the mainstream . 
  in roots at least they discussed and performed circumsicion prior to being taken and it did not seem to relate at all to christianity i wonder if it was a part of local african religion ? 
  even in liberal us states like maryland have 70 % + circumsicion rates . 
  i only learned of them a few years back when leanne wood was invited to the leadership debates . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru they are actually a bit stronger than i thought , 11/60 in the wales assembly . 
  unlike the snp they also have a whole one lord in the house of lords . 
  he meant independent country . 
  united kingdom : well they did vote to leave i guess ... scotland : well they did vote remain i guess ... wales : but why . 
  wait they do n't even get the dragon ?!, 
  northern ireland : norn !, 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  so does europe consider former colonies like australia , nz , canada and the us as european as well ? 
  or how does this work ? 
  huh . 
  and it looks solid too , not mesh and wire like the republicans are planning . 
  how can turkey afford this ? 
  damn venicians ruined it for everyone . 
  what 's the greek version of deus vult , o stavros nika ? 
  why are n't the tories forcing her out ? 
  why do they want to ride this train until it hits a brick wall ? 
  it 's very interesting to me how east germany is so athiest still when poland and ukraine and russia all became fairly religious again after the fall . 
  thanks for the maps !, 
  thank you . 
  those are the most catholic heavy states right ? 
  in germany , is it bavaria ? 
  is crimea the confederate flag ? 
  brilliant . 
  how, 
  `` he makes a fair point . 
  but i still insist we hate iran on the grounds that i want to . '', 
  it 's coloured the way i imagine the aegean . 
  what about military scientific secrets ? 
  i assume there are some limits here ? 
  i understand why the megali idea was dropped and why it will likely never be revived . 
  but sometimes i imagine what things would look like if you had managed to retake constantinople and the east aegan , how different the europe would be , how different nato could be . 
  louisiana does , i think you 're right . 
  ca does something ... close bit different . 
  we have a new rule and i do n't like it . 
  ca changed it so the primary , where parties generally vote among themselves and narrow down which candidate they will run in the real election , now all run their primary together and as many people from each party can sign up as they want , without party approval , the top two , no matter which party go on to the final round . 
  this year was our first big year with it . 
  we ended up with two dems facing each other for senate . 
  though the republican party had more votes total than the second highest dem , she had more than anyone of them so it was her vs the top choice in the general election . 
  now republicans are talking about holding a primary-primary next year to avoid it happening again . 
  how do elections work in france , how does 32 % become such a high majority ?
