  though it never recovered to its pre 1204 might ( which itself was far smaller than it had been just a century before ) and almost exactly 250 years later , in 1453 the turks would deal the killing blow . 
  i was referring to 1204 . 
  you 're right . 
  my ck2 reflexes just made me type 1453 . 
  also , while i agree the massacre of the latins was horrible . 
  i 'm not sure the 4th crusade was strictly revenge . 
  i feel it was also opportunity , which , in the face of the pope 's anger , they called vengeance . 
  but , we 'll probably never know all the details . 
  ah , the long game . 
  then , at last , the greeks shall have their revenge . 
  never forget # 1453, 
  spain : `` we changed our minds . 
  you guys can leave . '', 
  that depends on how the serbs choose to engage . 
  if they were to allow kosovo to become independent and recognize such i believe it would be enough for the us to stay out and would give them leverage in saying srpska should be allowed too unilaterally leave as well . 
  i believe with kosovo the best option is to allow them indepence and the right to join albania , but with the serb majority parts that border serbia remaining part of serb . 
  then again , if we were moving into closer relations with the serbs , or if russia is helping them overtly , then this new administration might see serbs as more valuable regional allies , then the us might not interfere with serbia and however it chooses to handle kosovo . 
  everyone lives in the past regarding srpska . 
  but let us look at the moment today . 
  you have an entire generation that has grown up in srpska , no blame in the war . 
  you have regions democratically trying to seperate across europe . 
  ( scotland , catalonia . ), 
  you have a russia that wants to divide the countries getting closer to the eu . 
  you have a us that would be far , far less interested in interfering , especially if the russians did back the serbs . 
  plus the us , along with russia , israel and greece is one of the few nations to host a diplomatic mission specifically from srpska , in addition to the one from bosnia proper . 
  croatia ca n't win this alone . 
  their military spending and size is about equal to serbia , but their equipment inventory primarily main battle tanks and fighter jets , is quite lacking compared to serbia . 
  also i do n't see the rest of the eu going to war for bosnia , especially if the us and nato are n't involved . 
  so srpska can never hold a vote ? 
  i mean , ever , even if bh exists for a thousands years ? 
  every people 's in the world have killed other for their land at some point . 
  you ca n't hold them to different rules than you apparently would others , forever . 
  humour levels in this thread = 0 . 
  that 's true . 
  but you might say `` okay , we do n't recognize you as independent , also we are n't moving our military bases . '', 
  i 'm confused at the agnst towards this man . 
  he was kidnapped twice while sailing , it sounds like he sails all over the place , not just to dangerous hot spots . 
  do you people believe this man was actively looking for muslim terrorists to interact with ? 
  if not , if he was just an avid sailor , then people 's disregard is fairly disheartening . 
  sailing ? 
  many people do . 
  being captured by pirates while sailing is a stunt ? 
  i sort of agree to be honest . 
  if you had stuck to just the areas of high greek population near the coast and not pushed further into anatolia you may have had constantinople and the aegean to yourselves right now, 
  he probably means the greco-turkish war just after ww1 . 
  though , in the end , far more greeks were displaced and exiled than turks . 
  serious question , if it came down to 1v1 , how would greece fair against turkey ? 
  we 've always been at war with eurasia . 
  i think you are correct . 
  besides , even if the rest of the eu were willing , spain would block it do as not to give the air of acceptance to breakaways . 
  got it . 
  thank you . 
  is bavaria catholic majority and all the other de states protestant majority ? 
  true . 
  but i did n't say srpska should be independent though . 
  neither did the title of this post . 
  i just stated they are a legally recognized entity of b&h . if this was a post pushing for srpska to be independent that would be provocative , for sure . 
  the confederate states of america no longer exist as an entity . 
  only individual states of the confederation . 
  if this post said it was taken in greater serbia i would completely agree , that would be like calling it the confederate states . 
  but it is n't . 
  srpska is an extant , legal region . 
  because everytime pictures from srpska are posted people flip their collective shit and scream provocation . 
  i get it , you do n't want anyone to ever acknowledge srpska exists , it 's very existence triggers you . 
  but too bad . 
  wars over . 
  it exists , legally . 
  people live there . 
  they can and will post about it . 
  do some want to provoke you ? 
  i 'm sure . 
  do all of them ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  there are people born and raised there , with no part in the war , who , you know , might want to show off some photos of where they live like everyone else can . 
  deal with it . 
  the numbers for greece look low . 
  i thought they had a high jewish population at the time . 
  thessaloniki was even majority jewish prior to war i believe . 
  and our southern states went to war with us . 
  how long should we have kept them hidden and considered even their name provocation ? 
  50 , 100 years ? 
  it is a bitter thing , but the war is over . 
  srpska is a legally recognized region . 
  if simply seeing their name triggers people that is n't something people from srpska need to do anything about . 
  this was more a joke because of their place in antiquity , but , fair enough i guess , ass . 
  what is your solution then ? 
  anyone who burns their passport and claims asylum gets to remain in france forever , unlimited of them ? 
  so , when can the republic of srpska , a legitimate legal entity of bosnia and herzegovina , reference itself without it being a provocation ? 
  20 , 30 , 100 years ? 
  what 's the time table here ? 
  i mean , i 'm pretty sure georgia , texas , and the other southern states were allowed to talk about themselves existing without it being a provocation post civil war . 
  srpska is a legitimate legal region of bosnia and should be allowed the same expression as california , georgia , brittany , catalonia , bavaria and all other regions , states and autonomous communities . 
  i though yanis varoufakis sounded like the most sensible one back during the election and vote , when he was made to resign i thought it was a major loss for the greek government . 
  i never got the hate around him . 
  a fair point , but easily avoidable i believe . 
  just do n't tell them they are coming . 
  shove them off the plane and do n't let them back on . 
  if the nation wo n't allow their own citizens off , sanction their leaders , cut off their foreign aid , cease granting visas to their citizens and stop letting them travel to your nation until their nation is willing to play ball with its own citizens . 
  `` here is a photo of the capital building in sacramento , capital of california . '', 
  this would not be controversial for me , a californian , to post .
