never had a problem with the muslim community . . the only one point il bring up from personal experience is that when i was a student we used to have this little corner shop just 2 seconds away from our student resident and there would be this one afghani bloke who was very creepy towards the lasses , including my own until he found out i was with her , and he had several warnings against him not to harrass the girls coming into the shop . 
  bit creepy but pretty much all the girls stopped shopping there because they found him too `` leering '' and weird . 
  part from that , no complaints . 
  that is truly horrifying . 
  i hope this young man gets the justice and support he so rightly deserves . 
  * get a calender * remove all the months and spread them out across an open room * take a turkey carcass and place a blindfold over your eyes * face away from the ripped months spread on the floor * now throw the turkey carcass over your shoulder and which ever month it lands on is the month you should go to the uk and where ever the beak is pointing is the day you should arrive our weather is fucking unpredictable ( mostly rain ) so ... whenever mate . 
   you love it you slaaaag, 
  haha doggerland ... some parts of uk car parks are still doggerland at night, 
  they wouldnt mind at all !, 
  well how bout we team up ? 
  il bring a flag ( union jack of course ) and we plant it in france , claim it for our own and declare us supreme rules and have ourselves the pick of the women ? 
   plan ? 
  northumbria !, 
  my home land !, 
  you will have to fight me for it norseman !, 
  up for round two ? 
  nah i was kidding course there are pretty fine girls in the north east but your viking ancestors have a reputation ... like the old northumbrian saying goes `` not a bad people them vikings but i would n't let my daughter marry one '' :p, 
  well you lot did try and get to scotland in the past but landed in the north east of england ... cheers for taking all our good looking women away from us ... dick move norway . . dick move . 
  hear hear my deutschland brother . 
  our cultures are incredibly similar and i feel ( im kind of bias though as half of my family are germans/austrians ) that germany is definitely feels most like home . 
  neither do i. . its a fine name as it is , 
  united europe sounds better than united states of europe ** shudders **, 
  so the eastern front was just a big friendly holiday between the nazis and slavs ?? 
  ok swaginator88 ... 
  i dont get russian/ukrainian neo nazi 's ... dont they realise the ideology they love wanted them wiped out because they were `` dirty slav 's '' and `` ubermensch '' ? 
  like , if addy hitler won . . they would n't be here what so ever . . and if they were around they would most likely be in slave labour making shit so that the germans could place their beach towels on . 
  [ dont mention it canlox ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/gmhfx7pedzehk/giphy.gif ), 
  you have to mention canada in everything otherwise his bottom lip starts quaking . . bless him . 
  plus he makes a very good jaunty hat for america in that comic , 
  nah . . we were a bit like the yanks in the first two europe scuffle championships we came in a bit later . 
  1973 because we were still licking our wounds in the late 40s getting too drunk and celebrating the queen in the 50s getting stoned with the beatles in the 60s and then decided the 70s were a good decade to put our platformed boots and huge collars into `` europe '' ... or whatever that was . 
  chicken l'orange was exotic in 1973 so why not join europe too ? 
  [ so why not join up and share the ~ ~ misery ~ ~ fun with the rest of them !? 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01472/power-cut_1472336c.jpg ), 
  [ ah yeah ... thanks america ... 
  great . 
  ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/post-62243-misfits-rudy-cringe-gif-imgur-hgdn.gif ) [ only kidding . . love you really son . 
  [ no ... thats fine ... we do n't care anyway ... ] ( http://www.blimey.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/british-people-sad-crying-620x400.jpg ) [ we dont even want to be part of europe ... its full of you lot drinking your wine , smoking your gitanes wrapped inside of your gauloises , eating your various pastries and chocolate things ... pah sod that right ? 
  ] ( http://realisticindustries.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/getty_021412_queenelizabethii.jpg ), 
  french because of my dress sense . . so . . apparently black chelsea boots and black everything else counts you as `` looking french '', 
  i know what you should do pal ... 
  the next time someone jumps in the queue in your little isis butlins camp you should blow yourself up with them . . help all of us by helping yourself . 
  well then . . on that note ... errm ... 
  yeah well i bet you would have been one of those bloody cromwell lot !!!, 
  just because you could n't get a beautiful foppish cavalier mane !, 
  the hair that screams `` wine !, 
  women and music !! '', 
  fucking roundhead , anti christmas , anti frills and velvet bunch of bores !, 
  yeah well you know what !!!!, 
  i 'm sitting in the cinemas bar at 8:11 pm on my own and you 're the only company i 've got so i 'll agree with you on that ... you rowdy celt, 
  well just to let you know mate . . you would be still shitting in a hole if it was n't for those glorious romans !!, 
  british empire ? 
  forget it !, 
  nothing without roman influence !, 
  art , drama ? 
  pah !, 
  you would be playing with your cocks in a ditch for entertainment if it was n't for the culture brought across !!, 
  back to your germanium stinking shack you barbarian !, 
  pah !, 
  im a roman northhumbrian . . you can join your barbarian nordics if you want !, 
  i really enjoyed that . 
  thanks for posting , 
  oh no ... not sweden ... 
  if there are pieces of celery in a soup that does n't make the soup into a single piece of celery, 
  where about in europe is the united states ? 
  the only country to successfully invade the us ? 
  i beg your pardon dutchy ? 
  well he did dub me captain obvious so it 's only correct to address your seniors as so . 
  no problem sargent sarcasm , 
  the side effects thing i can understand which its exciting that they are still developing it to reduce the risks of taking it . 
  i just think if your going to have casual sex or sex with a partner and you dont want kids together then why wouldnt you want a safety net on top of another safety net ? 
  if she 's already taking the pill then great !, 
  combine the both of you and your laughing pretty much . . yes there is still probibly a slim slim chance something might happen but at least you both are in the knowladge that you both took equal responcibility together to make sure it would n't happen . 
  that to me would be way more comforting than just one partner taking birth control . 
  i can understand the feeling of not using a condom as it does feel way more intimate and special than with but iv ' e only used without when my then partner had an iud and i discussed with her previously about her feelings towards not using one and my feelings . 
  maybe its just me and a few handful of men but having that in my control and deciding whether or not i want the opportunity to have kids or not . . with extra precaution sounds way more empowering than risking a kid/kids coming into this world unwanted and unplanned . 
  bit weird considering both sides want to be working together for sexual equality, 
  well in a healthy relationship im sure both partners would have to agree on some conclusion . 
  yeah i do . 
  it was a tongue in cheek comment . . 
  hence why im excited for their further studies before anything gets released for guys . 
  my ex couldnt take her pill as it would really mess her up hormonally and ended up a whole lot happier with the iud . 
  talking with her friends about it a lot of them were against the pill due to the massive side effects that they had either experienced or read about . 
  a lot of them had the iud or implant as an alternative . 
  now everyone put a condom on a banana or these multi coloured dick looking things . . now off you pop and dont stick your dick in anything . . 
  [ absolutely ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/592503847081287680/wjs33dni.jpg ), 
  it always baffled me how some people are so adamant that if men were given the chance to take a pill so they didnt get a lass pregnant they would n't take it ... 
  what ??? 
  it would be a fucking god send if i had a pill that i could take so i had virtually no chance of having my spawn with a casual partner . 
  it really makes me wonder why some people think men wouldnt take it ? 
  i know a lot of women who forget to take the pill or are far too casual with the use of it but i know lots of guys who would be delighted with a male equivalent and eat them like skittles . 
  can someone explain to me why there is so much stigma against guys , hopefully in the near future , when given their own pill lots of people go `` hah !, 
  as if ... you guys would never take it or just not bother '' ??? 
  why is this ? 
  im sure 99 % of lads in their 20s dont want a mistake of a getting someone knocked up . 
  why the stigma ? 
  hey ... we may be from newcastle but we certainly arent drun ... . hew mayte the fook ye sey boot me man ??? 
  africa ... europe ... sorry what ? 
  italy - cinema paradiso its absolutely beautiful . 
  friendship , love , lost love , family ... everything in life is in that film with a little bit of comedy to lighten things up every now and then .
