  only a nark would use the term nark ... 
  [ indeed . 
  [ first round is on me ] ( http://byt.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/simon-pegg-going-for-shawn-of-the-dead-beer.gif ), 
  fancy a pint netherlands ? 
  335 years deserves a pint . 
  the modern suit as well !, 
  i 'd need to be invited first before i thought of what i could bring from northumberland . 
  `` roma invicta . . pet '' - northumberland, 
  hey northumberland my home county . 
  why could n't you have stayed rome ? 
  yes i know the visigoths , german 's and much more were coming further and further to the homeland but ... c , mon. . . we could have thrived together . 
  northumbria invicta, 
  ay my home toon !, 
  alreet ? 
  who else calls northumberland hyem here ? 
  you greeks have such a fantastic heritage and history . 
  greece is certainly the mother of europe . 
  thanks for making northumberland such a treasure trove of archaeological wonders . 
  i hope i 'm a descendant of the roman 's who made their way to the frontier of the empire ... its my only excuse for thick curly dark hair and my short stature ... 
  i knew it !, 
  i 'm quite clearly a descendant of some northumbrian based roman 's and not a short arse northerner !, 
  *** veni.vidi . 
  merry christmas to my european brothers and sisters may each of you have a joyous , productive and happy new year . 
  all our love and best wishes to each of you on this day xx uk ps when the six nations starts up again i 'll be forced to curse you but i do love you really ... 
  merry christmas and love to you italia all the way from northumberland . 
  hope your new year is joyous and successful  x, 
  alreet son ? 
  hero . 
  my beloved home county . . northumberland . 
  happy birthday !, 
  long live italia !, 
  such a beautiful country . 
   i love italy . 
  oh definitely !, 
  certainly nice to believe non the less . 
  who does n't love a good story ? 
  i think it 's absolutely fascinating reading about his last stand how supposedly before the final moments of the fall of constantinople constantine asked all his men and all those who were aiding the byzantine 's for forgiveness , he even asked the venetian 's and italians if they wished to leave they could do so proudly . 
  constantine also stated to his men and followers if he had ever done them wrong he apologised and that all who stood with him . 
  constantine made sure they knew they were the last true descendants of ancient rome and greece . 
  then he attended the final liturgy in the hagia sophia with civilians and soldiers alike , not as an emperor but as a fellow byzantine . 
  after the service he made his way back to the lines with his men and awaited the oncoming barrage . 
  [ bene ... roma invicta ... baby . 
  most certainly , 
  happy birthday father of europe !, 
  [ he 's a footballer not an acto ... . actually . . ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/12wxfimhbul1rk/giphy.gif ), 
  exactly the reason why . . it 's far too awkward to explain so thanks for covering me like you lot did in the battle of britain, 
  we ca n't all laze around in the sun strumming one out in celebration of another day off - i mean , successful strike like you frenchie ... we actually have jobs to go too . 
   wake up  coffee/breakfast ( grandola/fruit )  work out 30-45 minutes  shower/shave/dry off/brush teeth  dress for work  work 7-4pm / 2-00am / 10-9pm / constantly alternating times  eat at work ( soup or pannini all freshly made or buy sugar snap peas and fruit from sainsburys  finish work late afternoon or early morning next day either meet friends in town or more often than not come home , cook dinner/breakfast usually pasta/tomato etc  wash face/brush teeth  bed/read  repeat from top again and gain further currency . 
  make britain britannia again ... please . 
  we could n't have asked for better rivals through the years together.  . 
  yer french poofs . 
  back in my day they had the decency to ring ahead before detonating a bomb . 
  in all reality , the political situation is complex and i think most on both sides think the ira are cunts . 
  especially the `` new '' ira . 
  also i think some brits/ni get a little irritated when the americans chip in thinking they know about the troubles when in fact some boston communities rallied for cash to donate to the ira thus killing irish and british alike . 
  but unfortunately its been a continuous part of our history since the late 60 's the constant threat of terrorism , hence why you see all bins at our stations etc are clear bags and not solid bins . 
  hopefully the new rise of the ira will die out and we can go back to drinking and hiding from the incoming autumn/winter rather than bullets and bombs . 
  tintin ( belgian ) and asterix and obelix ( french ) when i was younger . 
  and obviously the beano from my own country as the dandy was for the whimpy kids . 
  italian girls ... 
  i 'm too afraid to say anything other than '' how do you do ? '', 
  to those dark haired goddesses . 
  get your ribena to water ratio right you slag !, 
  naww cheers mate !, 
  kimye2020 i want to know what you think of me , not europe or anything . 
  just me . 
  ah right i must have missed that bit out . 
  sorry mate i assumed you were n't from the uk . 
  wales , scotland , northern ireland and england are all their own countries . 
  we do n't send northumberland , yorkshire , derry , cornwall etc because they are counties i.e the same as bravaria etc even though e , s , w , ni all are within the united kingdom and are represented as the uk or gb they are still their own countries and can compete as such . 
  me too :d, 
  bollocks . . you 're right . 
  ill ' change it to jagiellonian dynasty extraordinaires, 
  * the french , fashionable , masters of cuisine , successful with women . . bunch of cunts . 
  * the germans , car lovers , sausage and beer kings , buxom women , hearty laugh in the pub , craftsmen/perfectionists with anything to do with engineering ... cold and tried twice to give us a bloody nose and failed . 
  bunch of cunts . 
  * the poles , tricky historical past but sustained throughout , bold warriors against all put against them , amazing wodka , knights that fought off the tutonic order , battle of britain aces against the germans . 
  now fix my toliet or ill send you home you bunch of cunts . 
  * the italians , design gods , fashion leaders , women that would make a man turn into jelly just by looking at him , roman gods , wine gods , sex gods , sporting legends , amazing food , passionate ... creative ... bella donna ... effeminate , lazy , loud , vespa scooter riding , constant coffee sipping , marble cock creating bunch of cunts . 
  * the dutch . 
  [ success breeds jealousy . . frenchie . 
  ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/76c50d3ed4a070605738110e50c60ad7/tumblr_inline_nwhuefumfi1qb51b9_540.jpg ), 
  [ like this on holiday ] ( http://xpatnation.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/91535026504129c9e0e11811a7aee7b5_djfpwkxwkmjbsu.jpg ) or with the suspicious canadian flag on the backpack is usually a give away . 
  legio vi victrix for me personally as im a huge roman history lover and they were posted in my home town . 
  they and those who followed them built temples , baths and left my little town a whole bunch of treasures so . . im pretty happy with the roman regional influence . 
   the main goal is to have more points than the uk . 
  to think we used to spill blood across the globe against one another or hundreds of years to now . . hoping one of the other gets `` nil points '' i think thats quite an improvement ... petty but an improvement, 
  british - `` soh vee et '' french - `` soh vee hon et '' italian - `` so so minaccia comunista et '' german - '' soveedonotmentionzewar et union '' ha ha funi joke ... aside . 
  as tox77 says : diffrent accents , languages and smells ... there is no `` european '' way of saying * soviet * brought to you by the letter s and the number 5 . 
  minerva and bacchus are my main gods, 
  pretty much the same as yours or stars that were famous here 3 or 2 years before they go big in the us then its bounced back to us all over again . 
  he 's clearly oirish mmmmmmmerican mate . . i mean , c , mon. . he has ginger hair and plays pop-folk music and im pretty sure his great grandmothers , uncles mum 's great great grandfathers dog was from , like , ireland or something . . u mad jel cuz no muzik has come out of the republic of great brittish and england and welsh in like ... 70 years . 
  i know but unfortunately the cold war was kicking out the old and bringing everyone down into the modern age :(, 
  go for it :d why not ? 
  its their heritage which was stained terribly because of the war and i think they have every right to resurrect the royal palace to bring back what was lost and also give the history buffs who like prussia and germany 's history somewhere to go and enjoy , 
  i think johnny cash is as far as it goes over here, 
  round your place or round this place, 
  [ what !? 
  who said that ? 
  ] ( http://media1.giphy.com/media/76dx1wy9elm0g/200_s.gif ),
