  dude , if i were you i probably would n't know who he was either , but why showcase this instead of just moving on to the next thread ? 
  i 'm sure you did n't mean to be insulting . 
   but i 'm not surprised . 
  ah , the infectuous dutch ~ ~ pri ~ ~ confidence . 
  she was n't the only one who did this . 
   belgian it was at an airport , i 'm sure there were n't only belgian ( with a capital letter ) victims . 
  there were flags from all different countries lying there , why take issue with just the israeli one ? 
  do you have an agenda ? 
  they are , as long as you are n't american or muslim . 
  what you are describing is motive , opportunity and a character assesment , which in itself is not evidence . 
  honestly , i do n't think the american government is competent enough to even stage a high-level ` false flag ' of this calibre for so long without * some * actual evidence coming to light . 
   it 's difficult to understand what it 's like to be an american . 
  a lot easier than americans understanding what it is to be a european . 
  i do n't expect an american to understand , because quite frankly , you do n't . 
   it 's not just limited to 9/11 ( which you 're making light of , and that 's incredibly fucked up ) oh i 'm not making light of it , the * american * was making light of terrorist attacks on european targets , while i equalled them to 9/11 . 
  calling that ` making light ' of something , * that * is the real tragedy . 
   being an american right now is scary again , where do more terror attacks happen ? 
  europe or america ? 
  who is closer to the middle east ? 
  americans being afraid has everything to do with your moronic politics and a culture of fear-mongering and little to do with actual threat . 
   honestly , i do n't see a solution except for the rest of the world involved and bomb the shit out of them . 
  ah , trump supporter , or at least no shitnugget smarter . 
   maybe now that you europeans are getting fucked over by your policies our policies are fantastic , as long as the middle east is n't the cesspit * america * made it to be . 
  the whole refugee crisis is in no way indicative of european failure on immigration , except for european failure to stand up to you warmongering cunts to leave the middle east the fuck alone . 
  america wanted a new enemy . 
  i know , because i lived at the time : russia was n't soviet anymore , america was losing it 's enemies . 
  to keep your industrial warmachine rolling , a new enemy was needed . 
  ergo , the war on muslim ` terror ' . 
  and once again , europe was forced to choose sides , with the muslim crisis as a result . 
  you are probably to young , but i can still remember when my muslim neighbour was just my neighbour , not a possible jihadist . 
  * that * was what the european policies you so revile had accomplished , and what america '' war on terro destroyed . 
  next time you choose your enemy ( mark my word , in 3-5 decades you will ) , pick a group that europeans have little to do with . 
  leave us out of your fear . 
   middle east has been a shithole for hundreds of years before usa even existed . 
  ah yes , the ottoman empire was a complete shithole throughout the 14th-16th century . 
   but we have a process to accept them so do we , but our ` process ' is both more humane yet stretched to capacity . 
   and we 're one of the most hated countries in the middle east . 
  yeah , and european countries * are * popular . 
  even if they are , does n't mean they have some kind of immunity to terrorist attacks . 
   because our country holds one of the keys to the world economy . 
  yeah , european countries are notorious for having irrelevant economies . 
   imagine another attack on new york city . 
  imagine another attack on , i do n't know , paris or * brussels * . 
   perhaps syria 's neighbors should be more the target of your comments , because they 're quite literally not doing shit . 
  oh they * are * doing shit , jordan is positively swamped with refugees , not to mention other neighbours . 
  the refugees going to europe are a pittance compared to what is staying in the middle east . 
   however , i do concede that this is n't europe 's issue as much as it is ours , too . 
  you are damn right it is , the whole reason there is a massive instability in the middle east is because you chucklefucks have been dicking around with it for decades . 
  with 9/11 being pretty much the only repercussion you have gotten for it . 
  which you used as a reason to dick around even more , even though all of your european allies tried to convince you multiple times that they didn '' want more war . 
   i apologize on behalf of my country excuse if i do n't honour your apology , it comes off as incredibly insincere since the rest of you post basically reads ` we are more important than you guys ' . 
  you are not . 
   i mean , i get it . 
  i do n't think you do . 
   is n't denmark the capital of amsterdam ? 
  not even joking, 
  good to see that the us is more progressive than slovenia . 
  well done america . 
  yeah , you should know all about that , do n't you germany ? 
   you are doing a great trump !, 
  i 've heard of this trump , also known as ` american wilders . ', 
  he is socially smart enough to get his policies put into action . 
  he is n't smart enough to get * actually helpfull * policies into action . 
  you mean to say that america bullied them into complying , in that case , yeah . 
  there was little popular support , and even the people arguing in favour were doing so out of a ` we ca n't afford to lose the us as an ally ! ', 
  do n't try to shift the blame , burgerman . 
   the people who challenge leading assumptions are branded fascists or idiots . 
  gee , i wonder why people would accuse wilders of racism or bigotry . 
  he only wanted to , in all seriousness , * ban * the quran ( i thought we all agreed banning books is never a good thing ) , institute a ` raghead-tax ' to fine people for wearing headscarves ( good way to solve the integration issue , really well-thought out : copying the muslim jizya-tax ) and other reprehensible and frankly incredibly short-sighted and intentionally inflammatory solutions to very complex issues . 
  add to that , he rules his party like a one-man-show and crashed every ruling alliance he was in by refusing to compromise in any way , almost single-handedly slowing down the already kinda slow political porcess even further . 
  the worst part though is playing the perpetual victim when the other parties criticize his inane policies while hurling a constant barrage of hyperbolic insults at the other parties and politicians he is supposed to work with . 
  wilders and his anti-social reactionary tokkie-following can go fuck themselves . 
   i understand this has become a ` brown people ' issue . 
  i think this is a deliberate strategy to silence the right in this case . 
  anyone criticizing the refugee issue is now suddenly a racist or islamophobe or whatever . 
  the other side does this as well ofcourse , claiming everyone who is n't completely on board with chucking them right out is a bleeding heart lefty hippy-prick . 
  i should know , i 've been accused of both . 
  * not my problem anymore !, 
  either way , disregarding petty definition squabbles , it is pretty obvious that most of the people involved did belong the the group of people that the right is talking about . 
  most of them were n't natives nor 2nd gen immigrant kids , they * were * new arrivals . 
  instead of playing this game of linguistic cat-and-mouse , i 'd rather we talk about the issue at hand instead of doing the finger pointing over definitions and using that as a tool to charge the other party with being too stupid/racist/naive / whatever to be considered suitable for debate . 
   just get called names . 
  i think it is great that you can get let that sort of stuff slide and just ignore these idiots . 
  more power to you . 
  however , not all these altercations end like yours . 
  jewish ( and gay fro that matter ) people * are * getting attacked more than other ethnic groups ; this is n't coincidence . 
  i 'd say the situation is such that it is worthwile to look into the why and how we can lessen these attacks . 
  i think it is something should n't just be ignored . 
  ofcourse i 'm not claimingit is a modern holocaust out there or something , but it * is * worrying enough to warrant attention . 
   it 's not only about staving of the tyranny of your own government , but that foreign governments . 
  remind me , when was the last time the us was invaded on it 's own soil ? 
  people say that war never changes , but modern warfare is not big on actual invasions and more on covert ops/raids etc. 
  it is simply to costly and unsuccesfull to do a conventional invasion . 
  i suspect this trend will continue , and that actual invasions as in wwii will be a thing that wo n't really happen anymore . 
  another user in this thread claimed they did , with an accent , not heavy enough to be recent immigrants . 
  unless you can prove that they are n't , 2nd generation immigrants sounds way more likely , even statistically . 
  the behaviour is also more in line with 2nd gen , who are notoriously difficult and often have a split/troubled youth in the host country compared to 1st gen. 
  it is also universally known that a group of immigrants large enough to form their own community in the host country often does n't integrate well , and is considered to be vulgar and rude by the host : this is regardless of skin color . 
  irish in america for example : there is not a lot of difference between how an anglo-saxon protestant yankee saw an irish catholic immigrant druing the famine and how some/quite a few europeans see turks/moroccans/etc nowadays . 
  these are n't ` immigrants ' .
