slow down there , you 're cursing with the world 's most deadliest virus over the years . 
  tering and tyfus are more apporopriate . 
  even worse , i 've heard ` was n't denmark the capital of amsterdam ? ' . 
  then we thaught her that amsterdamish people ( you know , from belgium ) grab the earlobes of each other as an informal greeting , instead of hands/hugs/kisses . 
  i know she is n't exaclty representative , but yes , she was american . . 
  yes , that was exactly my point . 
  in these cases , parents get to decide because it can not be delayed . 
  as far as ` anti-semitic ' jokes go this one is pretty darn tame . 
  it is just an impersonation , not even a charicature . 
  i 'll give you that it is n't exactly politically correct , but you are getting way to butthurt about this . 
  maybe try not to visit subs like whiterights and thethirdreich too much : they are stubborn idiots , so do n't bother . 
  if i would hazard a guess i would say you got a bit allergic to everything related to the subject . 
  makes you see demons where there are n't , really . 
   i do n't want to get pulled into the circumcision argument !, 
  you are a smart man , do n't become a martyr . 
   all i was saying is that i 've seen no evidence of americans voting in hordes . 
  ah , fair point . 
  yeah , they were , but mostly for applying the same arguments that they are used to regurgitate everywhere . 
  if an american comes in to remind us that it is ` cleaner/more aestethically pleasing ' : yeah , so we have all heard . 
  a hundred times already . 
  and it just derails the debate into a direction it is always approached on american-heavy threads . 
  it could have been a discussion about the rights of parents vs the rights of children , but no , it had to be about hygiene and cultural preferences . 
  again . 
  anyway , that is why i downvoted them , same as if i see it somewhere else on reddit : these arguments have been argued over and over and the most kind conclusion is that it does n't really make that much of a difference either way , with regard to health and appearence : either way there is some risk and some benefits , and arguing about this is is just fucking ants . 
  they are ambiguous opaque points that are completely moot to the central argument . 
  be sure to select the maximum amount of three rivals so that your power projection will be a stable 30 . 
  weak argument . 
  in almost all other instances you can think of , the kid ca n't give consent , but a decision has to be made pronto . 
  which school to send a kid ? 
  big choice , very important for the kids future , and he does n't have much of a say in it . 
  thing is though , you ca n't just ` opt out ' of school for your kid . 
  he has to go to school . 
  he has to get vaccinated ( or not ) . 
  those things are all important decisions that ca n't be postponed . 
  at what time in the life of a young kid is the question ` what the hell should we do with his foreskin ' a relevant question ? 
  by way of analogy , getting your kid a tattoo is also not allowed . 
  in uncut societies , cut men are n't bullied : everyone knows it is for religious whatever reasons , so few care . 
  in cut societies ( like america ) uncut men are bullied , because they are ` weird ' and ` dirty ' . 
  it is pretty weird to me how you can say that it is better to cut , because else you 'd get bullied , but not make the leap in thought that it is pretty fucking weird to bully someone for having an uncut penis in the first place . 
  i think it is starting to get ridiculous how many americans are saying how europeans are ` biased ' to this subject because they are n't cut . 
  how can not changing anything of the natural body without good reason be ` biased ' ? 
  i feel like * the little baby boy in question * should be allowed to keep the option . 
  and then do n't do it , probably , because why the hell would anyone ? 
  i totally second you two . 
  i 'm so glad my parents gave me an earring when i was just a little kid . 
  i mean , even if the procedure was painfull , it was done as a kid , and it did n't do any permanent harm and i have no recollection of the procedure ; doing it nowadays would scare the crap out of me . 
  from what i 've read , it is mostly the men that have n't had their ears pierced that get so upset about it . 
  it is no doubt a cultural thing , but i 'd rather have it done as a baby then as an adult . 
  because everyone should totally get their ears pierced . 
  justy not getting your ears pierced is n't even an option in my deluded mind . 
  at this point you are both being idiots . 
  to be fair , the other guy started it though , but you could 've been the bigger man . 
  in indonesia , sticking a needle in the clitoris till it draws a drop of blood is considered ` circumcison ' . 
  probably the least aggressive form of circumcision , but do n't tell me you did n't think ` why the hell would anyone want to do that , mess around with a baby girls clitoris ? ', 
  well , why do people want to mess around with a baby boy 's ~ ~ clitoral hood ~ ~ foreskin ? 
  you are missing some context i believe . 
  there has been debate in every european country from time to time how to deal with circumcision . 
  most of the time , people who would like to outlaw unnecessary childhood circumcision are in the majoirty , but only in denmark now it has been made law . 
  why ? 
  because every time the debate came up , the jews ( and lately , muslims ) came up with their right to religious freedom , comparing such a law to the holocaust . 
  then again , americans are usually pretty butthurt and defensive when someone ever so slightly thinks it is not an entirely good idea to maybe do surgery on a newborn baby 's penis , so i 'm guessing you are just in petty defensive mode as well . 
  a lot of the holy men and prophets mentioned in the bible lived away from society , and quite a few of them lived in caves . 
  bronze age cavemen seems appropriate !, 
  so , basically : ` the joowz did dis ' ? 
  i ca n't see how that will backfire . 
  does n't being a student ( on hbo or university ) count as being 'em ployed ' for the statistics ? 
  plenty of time to party and experiment !, 
  the netherlands were in a similar situation ; weak military and not in any condition to withstand a german invasion . 
  we did get invaded , and were overrun in 3 days . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  sweden would 've withheld the nazi forces longer due to mountainous terrain and the baltic sea barrier , for one , but it would n't end well eventually . 
  i do n't blame the swedes for not entering the war at all . 
  wars are usually best avoided , especially when you are sure to lose them anyway . 
  and in wwi it was the dutch who stayed neutral and made a lot of money . 
  that 's really stupid . 
  that is just creating conditions for a [ pim fortuyn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pim_fortuyn ) to come to the front . 
  this is n't bad exaclty , but he will get promptly assasinated by a lefty and that gives rise to the menace that is geert wilders . 
   and if you start appeasing them too much , you 're creating conditions for fundamentalism to flourish . 
  same if you do n't appease them at all . 
  this also creates tribe-think , a persecution complex . 
  that 's way darker than i had imagined . 
  christ . 
  not our fault everyone was dead set on fighting yet another war . 
  we are just lucky they ignored us ; belgians , not much luck . 
  tyranny of the majority is a bit of a hollow concept in this particular case . 
  if 5 percent of the people want to commit murder with few legal remification ( things like ` honor-killings ' ) is the 95 % majority wrong in banning such practices ? 
  or , a less hyperbolic and more appropriate analogy , if i as a dutchmen would claim that i should be catered to in dutch while living in romania , i 'm an idiot . 
  the reason i used this example is because after religious resentment , which is probably an important factor in the whole circus about this casee , is that humans need to be able to communicate with each other . 
  our most important and well developed sense is our sight . 
  facial expressions are the most important part of day-to-day communication , especially so in western societies . 
  a lot of people have trouble and are unnerved by a burlap sack talking with a muffled voice , which is what these women appear as . 
  this is okay when these women stay at home or just drink tea in a local park , but it becomes detrimental to basic western communication when these women are in schools , hospitals and shops even . 
  secondly is the religiosity of the veil : western arabists/islamists etc would say that it is not a religious prescription because it is not in the quran . 
  it is mentioned once in the specific context of the wives of muhammad , but it is n't explained further . 
  even most muslim ulama would argue that even though a headscarf is considered ` admirable ' it is not ` prescribed ' , and full-face covering is certainly not a prescription . 
  this means it can be subject to national laws , and in laws where a majority is n't muslim you should expect the majority to not accomodate every little whim of a muslim minority . 
  yup , as far as i know most european languages are in agreement : greeks do it up the bum . 
  just want to point out that poepen is pronounced as poo-pun , so it is the equivalent of english ` pooping ' . 
  i do n't know how ` pooping ' became ` fucking ' in belgium , that 's a question better left unanswered maybe . 
   they can get out but not back in .
