  yeah sorry , i do n't understand how i could confuse the two . 
  * really * stupid of me . 
   and i was sure they were gon na hit that . 
  . . and i was n't . 
  as it turns out , you were right , but by very small margin . 
  i do n't think it is fair to level any criticism to the conscientious objectors , as this was widely known to be a thing and honestly , untill the very end you could n't accurately predict if it would make the cut or not . 
   make it irrelevant by ensuring the same outcome true , but you can also try to make it irrelevant by not voting . 
  by voting , you would implicitly bestow some form of legitimacy to the referendum , in my opinion . 
  i do n't * want * to have to choose on a subject like this , especially considering it was n't about anything substantial and a complete sham from the start . 
  but again , i 'm not criticizing you , as it seems that capt. 
  hindsight would advise me to vote as well . 
   now we can go back and change the referendum laws , because it 's clearly flawed to the core . 
  absolutely . 
  i would almost be enticed to put it to referendum . 
   or made a tactical mistake so what should people who were against this referendum in the first place have voted ? 
  blanco ? 
  and then risk that the referendum becomes something that even more time should be wasted on ? 
  no , they should change the law about 30 % being binding , or change it to a situation were the blank votes do n't count for legitimacy or something . 
  the worst thing about this referendum is that it has reached the 30 % mark , apparently , maybe if more people like you * did n't * vote , this would n't have happened . 
  you see how easy it is to point fingers at other people when results do n't show as you expected/hoped them , after the fact is already done ? 
  point fingers at * the law * and then we can agree that it needs to change in order to not burden our political system even more . 
  this referendum is just the last iteration in a long line of attempts by the right to talk endlessly about their favorite topics , eschewing actually important stuff . 
  i mean , come on , they even * admitted * this referendum was just a sham to vote on the eu . 
  i 'm sick of pandering to these idiots . 
  they are never satisfied with the results whatever the outcome is , unless it completely caters to their immature and uninformed whims . 
  all else is an attack by the ` linkse kerk van de multiculti theedrinkers ' . 
  * i * guess accusations of anti-semitism are apparently completely devoid of any meaning now , if you think this is adequate material to declare me an ` anti-semite ' . 
  you are rapidly becoming ` the boy who cried wolf , ' my poor boy . 
  or do you actually believe that any criticism on the state of israeli politics is tantamount to anti-semitism ? 
  you really think referring to an area that is in emroidled in a guerilla war at worst or an occupational zone at best but that is supposed to be a ` holy land ' , as ` unholy ' is equal to anti-semitism ? 
  you really think it is possible to refer to this place as a holy land without any irony whatsoever ? 
  that is a good joke . 
  if ` anti-semite ' is the best ( and only ) argument you have , you really have nothing to stand on in this case . 
  grow up boy . 
  but it was n't what you were implying . 
  what were you implying * exactly ? 
   if they lost fair and square , they would be demoralized . 
  good one . 
  they would be just as angry , and they would use even more bullshit referenda in the future . 
  these people are already steeped in imagined martyrdom . 
  but honestly , have fun living in the unholy land yet pointing fingers at other countries . 
  ask yourself : what have you done against * your * nationalist parties ? 
  do you play along if they want to play a game with you ? 
  or do you elect not to play their game ? 
  honestly , from what i '' e seen in this hread and elsewhere you are more dutch than a lot of people who are supposedly dutch , as judged by their flags . 
  if you are as ` dutch ' as you seem , you know exactly how much of a compliment this not-seemingly-a-compliment is supposed to be . 
   this will just energize and anger the no folks more . 
  yeah , we really should 've shown them that we approve of this referendum and * then * shut them down with a yes-vote , surely they would n't use * that * as an opportunity to energize themselves more . 
  these people will be angry either way . 
  there is no rational arguing with them . 
  you of all people whould know this . 
  pretty rich coming from ' i have n't threatened to leave the eu * this week * - country ' . 
  because this whole referendum is not about ukraine in the first place , the people who wanted it admitted this openly . 
  how else are you supposed to show that you think this referendum is stupid in the first place ? 
  vote blank ? 
  then 40 % of the people would 've voted ` blank ' and the referendum would 've been legitimized . 
  i do n't think a lot of people know , but the user you replied to is a turk living in the nertherlands ( or other way around ) , based on earlier interactions with the guy . 
  so you are a bit off . 
   the dutch are saying no 20 % of the dutch are saying no . 
   ukraine is game to you ? 
  be mad at the people who made us have this retarded referendum in the first place . 
  for them , it * is * a game , as they just used the first thing they could think of to piss on the eu . 
  they explicitly said so . 
  this referendum is not about the actual ukraine in any way , or even putin : it was about the eu and people being scared reactionaries . 
  i completely agree . 
   so 64 % of the turnout is against the eu association with ukraine ? 
  no , 64 % of 30 % of the population is against . 
  a majority of the non-voters explicitly did n't vote because the referendum was stupid in the first place , meaning they condone the government . 
  the eurosceptic right * really * is trying to fuck us all over with their bullshit referendum . 
   not voting should not be a viable strategy . 
  i agree in theory , but that was n't the case in this situation , due to the 30 % turnout benchmark . 
  if you would 've voted blank , you might have been responsible for getting the turnout above 30 % . 
  i do n't feel you have any clue on the contemporary dutch political situation and are just reverting to basic blank assesment on the political process * an sich * without any consideration for the context and dialogue of this particular referendum . 
  you are missing the context : if the referendum did n't have 30 % turnout , it would be ignored . 
  * that 's * what people were going for , and it sorta worked . 
  a majority of people were * against the referendum * , how else are you supposed to communicate that except by ignoring it completely ? 
  voting ` blank ' would 've meant i would still be counted toward the turnout . 
  really , they should 've had an option for ' i explicitly condemn this whole referendum ' , but there is n't one on the ballot . 
  exactly , if i and lots of other objectors had to choose i 'm pretty sure a ` yes ' - majority would be pretty damn likely . 
  honeslty i would 've preferred to vote ` blank ' though , as this whole referendum is a shitshow put on by ( mostly ) the eurosceptic extreme right who were against . 
  however , if i voted , even if it were ` blank ' , that would 've meant that i would 've counted for turnout which would have given the referendum legitimacy it does n't deserve . 
  not really , the majority of people did n't vote , and quite a few did explicitly so because this referendum is utter bullshit and feel that it is an unnecessary bureacratic pain in the ass . 
  i do n't think these results are in any way indicative of the dutch populations actual opinion , as there are more ` objectors ' like me . 
  i imagine that if the 70 % that had n't voted did vote , the results would be completely opposite . 
  this whole referendum was an idea of the ` against ' - camp anyway , they are pretty much the only people who had a real interest in voting today . 
   it is hard to correct historical errors yes it is . 
  there is no easy solution . 
  the netherlands would n't mind joining with flanders . 
  flemish people tend to be more wary of it , they know that they wil lose a lot of political power etc. 
  to the now dutchies . 
  no one wants to deal with pain-in-the-ass wallonia . 
  wallonia does n't really like anyone else and is very touchy about it 's ` french ' identity whcih they already feel is under heavy fire . 
  to top it of , luxembourg enjoys it 's status as a sort of mini-switzerland , a position that inevitably will be broken down once dutch laws come into effect . 
  excepting maybe the dutch every party has something substantial to lose in this , which is why we are at an impasse : and for the time being , it is going alright , so why bother ? 
  you are right though , the benelux/greater netherlands * should * be one country , but how do you make this happen without belgium tapping out yet again ? 
  the only viable solution i see at the moment is making a sort of inter-european federal union of the benelux with them uniting in foreign policy . 
  thing is , even united the benelux would still be politically unimpressive compared to france germany and the uk : and historically , dutchmen gaining any semblance of power was swiftly punished by the brits and french especially . 
  i know , i was just joking with you dude . 
  well ok then , have fun playing martyr . 
  that is not true , it started because of * all * the other words you said in your first post * except * rip .
