  yeah , depending on how you define ` the turks came and conquered ' it is at least 700 ( ottomans ) or 1000 ( seljuk turks ) years ago . 
  [ ` curve ' ] ( https://nl.wiktionary.org/wiki/curve ) ( synoniem : een kromme lijn ) is a dutch word . 
  go ahead and name another right wing dutch political party then ? 
  criticism without solutions is baseless and cheap . 
  the whole reason why this moron was elected is because people throw their support behind them just because of ` how he tells it like it is , ' even though * he has no solutions . 
  * personally , i think it would be best if people like that should n't be able to vote . 
  maybe it is not what you meant , but then i would advise you to be more carefull in your words for supporting the worst cancer of a politician the netherlands has had in the last couple of decades . 
  would you talk this way about trump as well ? 
   ' i fully agree with trump on a lot of things ', 
  ` fully agree ' = / = ` some of his criticism is on point ' if you fail to understand that i have nothing more to talk about with you . 
  dude , you misunderstood my comment and are now veering into painfully boring ` definition ' disussion . 
  you misintepreted me , then you started arguing with me for shaky reasons , but i was done with arguing you from the start . 
  go tip over a sleeping cow or something . 
   you are mistaken if you think the duch political spectrum is tilted to the left lol . 
  global means global , forgot what the meaning of the word when you lost your empire or something portugooltje ? 
  rutte is a hypocrite because he likes to snack from the populism jar himself . 
   that 's at least how i read your comment . 
  then i advise you to reread . 
  good thing i said d66 was progressive then , seems you agree with me just have n't realized it yet . 
   looks at america  looks at the other countries that have two party systems ( african sham democracies )  looks at the netherlands yeah , really hard to tell . 
  we have the sense to not have a two-party system , that is all there is to it really . 
   i actually agree with geert on a lot of things then you are a person whithout solutions . 
  sure , some of geert 's criticism is on point , he is hardly the first to say those things though , fortuyn was earlier and much , much smarter on those issues ( in addition to being able to have an adult discussion ) . 
  worst part of geert that you as a complete outsider do n't get to see his is the lack of any solutions to the problems he sees , it mostly is ` let 's build a wall ' level of complexity and effectiveness . 
  you 're a pathetic edgelord . 
  they are progressives , just economically not completely left-wing for dutch appetites which means that * globally speaking * they are still pretty darn left-wing . 
  double wrong doe not make you right . 
  no really . 
  vvd and pvv are the only true right wing , and while pvv grew compared to last election vvd shrunk . 
  the real winners are groenlinks and d66 , and those parties are the most progressive parties there are . 
  i mean , * rutte * is a bit of a hypocrite for saying it , but his reading that these election results are anti-populism is a correct one . 
  you can re-read my earlier comment . 
  there is n't much wiggle room for interpretation . 
  i was n't talking about the exit polls , i was talking about the numerous polls last months . 
  they could if they focus on the environment and completely abandon dogmatism on the other half of their principles . 
  if they are in the ruling coalition , it will be a continuous point of contention to say the least . 
  have been playing with the results and groenlinks , d66 need to ally themselves to vvd , which will probablty remain the largest party by a margin . 
  vvd and sp typically exclude one another though , and a majority with gl+d 66 + sp + ? 
  seems unfeasible , as it would require two more parties and would exclude the biggest party vvd , which is usually frowned upon and less quick , as vvd will be first pick to form a coalition on account of being the biggest . 
  not a surprise , wilders is on top of the polls as the biggest singular party since forever . 
  not very likely he will be head of government though , as that would require a coalition and he has worked very hard to make other parties hate him and mistrust him ( he has thrown coalition partners of him under the bus in the past ) . 
  d66 is socially liberal though , vvd too to some degree ( though those guys are certainly economically on the right ) . 
  i think a vvd-cda-d66-groenlinks coalition is the most plausible option matching the description given . 
  or pick the guy/girl in the party you support that has the funniest name . 
  we already have two hollands , a third would be overkill !, 
  i know what you are saying is true , i myself argued similarily , but honestly , i fully expect the spineless flipfloppers of the cda and vvd to bend over to wilders high fiving 50 + just like they did a couple of years ago with the sham of a ruling coalition that was the ` gedoogkabinet . ', 
  people were saying you had to be retarded to give this present to wilders , yet they did then and they probably will now . 
  they 'll try to spin it like ` well , we had to take responsibility , we want to rule , wilders * is * the largest party after all , blahblahblah . ', 
  cda has proven itself to be a society/culturally blind dinosaur who is easy to manipulate and the vvd is a moral void that thinks it is still the master-manipulator ( meaning they are easily manipulated by playing to their arrogance ) . 
  additionally , they mine for voters in the same segments of society that pvv does , which means they have to either set play ball with the pvv or give them the finger , which they do not have the balls to do so . 
  i fully expect that in if cda , vvd , 50 + and wilders can get a majority together that it will sadly be a very real option , at the very least they will milk this possible scenario in the formation talks with other parties , which will be annoying in of itself , unless pechtold will be able to keep them on a leash they are going to ruin a possible ` left ' coalition with their demands . 
  swamp german is a derogatery name !, 
  marsh german or bog german please . 
   so usa makes huge donations in terms of sex protection/education/treatment you mean * evangelical orthodox drivel based * protection/education/treatment . 
  i use the words protection , education and treatment quite wrongly in that sentence . 
  how utterly pathetic . . 
   assuming other parties do n't flip on their pvv stance the mummified dinosaurs of 50 + will flip , mark my words . 
  . . or change the law !, 
  tha 's how democracy works poland . 
  thing is though , if i have learned one thing from wilder 's voters is that they will find something stupid to be outraged over anyway , so i 'm increasingly for simply banning his atrocity of a ` democratic party ', 
  exactly . 
  ugh , you guys need to get on the subbing train , all the cool progressive kids are doing it . 
   people are getting fed up with news about him then * do * something about it instead of whining about how you do n't want to see anything about it . 
  that is not an option at this point dude . 
  it can be , yeah . 
  is that news to you ? 
  lol , says * you . 
  * did n't i have to say something like that already ? 
  seems like you keep making the same mistake . 
  how queer . 
  in an emotionally compromised way . 
  you drunk again ? 
  you sound a bit peeved . 
  take a guess . 
  you are the exact kind of moron they are mocking for not understanding it . 
  sort by controversial . 
  dozens of trumpettes . 
  also , people are anticipating a replay of last year where there was a good deal of butthurt . 
  as happens every year . 
  but yeah , the most annoying people are the ones like you whining about other people whining about the other people whining . 
  like seriously , get a spine . 
   merkle ameritard detected . 
  i think you will find that even in today 's modern world where seclusion is easier than it used to be you can still * not competely * get away from reality . 
  this is the world we are living in dude , you ca n't shut it out and pretend it is n't happening . 
  . . says the brit . 
  lol . 
  neither are the belgians , hehehe . 
  i do n't get why peopel are so obsessed with clinton specifically . 
  in no way is she that much worse than other democrat presidential candidates . 
  and better than fully half of the republican ones . 
  mind you i 'm not saying these people are decent people , pretty much all of them are some kind of scumbag . 
  but this rabid biting down on hillary specifically ? 
  it is beginning to smell like thinly veiled sexism to me . 
  i mean , who cares about hillary anymore ? 
  she lost . 
  calm down the hell down . 
  by substituting it with even more bullshit of his own device ? 
  a lot of that is also due to you living in america ( i presume ) , and the american democratic system has been rotten for decades . 
   i ca n't remember the last time i heard any leader cite sources i can , where i live . 
   taking care to word things properly , that is a matter of obfuscating what they are really trying to say that is the practical downside to the fact that a lot of real power is to be gained from using words correctly .
