  do you know that turks were ethnically cleansed from much of the balkans when the ottoman empire collapsed ? 
  everyone knows this , you dingus : if that is your argument it is shit . 
  where else do you think the ` remove kebab ' - joke comes from ? 
  point is , it is a false comparison . 
  that 's why it is not one-sided . 
  especially because ` we ' do n't deny it ever happened . 
  hell , some serbians are even proud of it , which i find extremely distatefull , but still . 
  at least learn to accept the bad stuff your government did , and do n't start blaming others for your mistakes . 
  that 's why people do n't take turkey any bit serious over this whole fiasco . 
  the difference being that i would n't care about most streetnames in vinex-style neighbourhoods ( 60-70 's ) and the like getting changed at all . 
  i would only protest against streetnames that have been there for hundreds of years , in city centres and such . 
  because * those * are history . 
  their identity is new and manufactered anyway , not hundred 's of years old , so they could 've manufactured it differently . 
  they just made the wrong choice . 
  my opinion on this is pretty harsh , but if a quite possibly false claim at a single historical figure is pretty much the sole foundation of your country 's national identity your country 's national identity is kinda shit . 
  instead of dressing up an old identity in a new coat , think up an exciting new one . 
  instead of erecting ugly-ass statues , invest the money in your future . 
  that is quite an unequal comparison . 
  i do n't know , only an armenian or kurd can tell . 
  however , i am pretty sure that acknowledging the armenian genocide is a vital step toward getting friendly with the armenian peoples . 
  you are both right !, 
  you got ta be kiddin ' me . 
  moroccan and algerian pirates from 1627 under direction of the * dutch * pirate ` murat reis ' kidnap people from iceland , and it is called ` the turkish raid ' . 
  if this was a movie i would n't believe it !, 
  i think it is the same in most germanic languages . 
   why does it have to be stylish ? 
  honey , beauty is its * own reward . 
  whatabout the rohingya in rakhine state in myanmar ? 
   `` oh yeah kurds should have this part '' `` give armenia this part '' maybe the reason for that is because they live in a state that treats these people poorly in the first place . 
  but i agree that turkey has put itself in a bind , because trying to be friendly now after all that shit has a high probability of failure . 
  but that is the fault of turkey past , not the kurds or armenians . 
  the ottoman empire was a stunning example of pre-modern multiculturalism , so it is not like turkey does n't have the knowledge or historical precedent for it . 
  turkey is adamant that there might have been a bit of a scuffle with armenians , but it was definitely not a * genocide * . 
  the person who has thought up the word genocide ( rafael lemkin ) had the armenian genocide in mind though when he coined the term in 1943 . 
  serious reply to an unserious question : russia banned all memes with people in them , but not with animals . 
  animals ca n't sue or otherwise protest their likeness being used for vile purposes on the internet . 
  banning the puffin is therefore more about protecting the rights of those who ca n't defend themselves in the judicial system , while bannng all memes with public figures is a way to stifle discussion and silence opposition . 
  and that 's why russia is even worse than / r/adviceanimals . 
   afterwards , the police tried to plant evidence to claim the violence was justified , including a knife allegedly used to stab a cop and molotov cocktails . 
  fortunately they were recorded on camera bringing the bottles in , ofcourse these people became cops , they would 've sucked badly in a criminal profession . 
  yeah boy , you know what 's up . 
  if you despise the french government , you are a smart citizen . 
  if you despise the unwashed french masses , you are a french intellectual . 
  if you despise all those new liberal ideas voiced by the intellectuals coming from the rest of europe , you are a true french patriot . 
  if you despise french secularity and how ` impure ' france has become , you are a french catholic . 
  if you despise all of the above but not for corrupting * french * culture but for corrupting * your * culture , even though you have lived your whole life in france , you are not really french . 
  you are being an ass , dude . 
   it 's definitely not just a simple problem of inequality and poverty . 
  you are right about that . 
  however , you also argue that there is a distinct difference between educated jihadi 's and poor jihadi 's . 
  thing is , they are still from the same ethnic group , and society treats them as such . 
  even an educated muslim is pretty likely to have family and friends who are poor muslims . 
  also , by the framing of the debate , with a focus on national or religious identity instead of socio-economic background they are in the same group , and this has large and negative effects on them as well . 
  even more so , most find their religion and ethnicity the most important parts of their self-identity , so repression of ` their people ' will affect them as well , though usually not in a material level . 
  as these are the kind of kids that have the time and brains to delve deeper into their religion , but with largely the same negative feelings of injustice as their poorer ethnic members , they become usually even more radical than street kids . 
  so in short , yeah the problem is more difficult than just beign poor or rich , but treating large groups of muslims like shit is not going to help anyone . 
   it 's a very common view where i live . 
  pffff , this is always a common view everywhere . 
  there are always masses of idiots who want the criminal ` justice ' system to be harsher and more unforgiving . 
  they are almost always wrong in that it will work . 
  harsher penalties barely effect number of crimes commited . 
  almost seems like criminals do n't approach crime with overflowing rationality . 
   if it were a non english speaker speaking this bad dutch to you what would you do ? 
  ask which language he prefers like a normal human being without resorting to curses . 
   it may be that mutual intelligibility is most important for you , but practicing dutch may also be important for the other speaker . 
  that 's just what a conversation is . 
  learning fluency can be auxiliary to that . 
   it 's all black and white for you . 
  strawmen and psychologizing . 
  you do n't know shit about what i think about it , if you come to such a base conclusion . 
  instead of trying to think like i do , which you obviously ca n't , you can always ask . 
   this attitude of yours is so fucking annoying . 
   what an arrogant idiot . 
  look who is talking . 
   your lack of respect for an obviously polarising nationality difference , maybe because i was n't talking about you specifically , but a hypothetical person who speaks english ? 
  you are interpreting a slight that was n't even there . 
   basically saying i am a thick bastard who ca n't learn a language . 
  no , i am just saying you should n't expect everyone to cater to you while you are improficient in a language . 
  you can learn a language pretty well i suppose , do not see why not in any case , unless your inability to not be offended somehow challenges your learning abilities . 
  i never meant to say nor imply that * you * are a ` thick bastard ' , and i apoligize for any past confusion . 
  on the other hand , you are doing a great job at being a stereotypical angry scot ( please note that this time it is actually meant as an offense ) . 
  i would appreciate it if you would stop seeing offense were none was meant , else i might start to think you 're a thick bastard . 
  when you are in a conversation , the most important part is mutual intelligibility . 
  that 's why it is more polite to keep a conversation going than stopping it , obviously . 
  when i switch to english it shows * you * have n't tried to learn the language enough . 
  i really do prefer speaking my own language . 
   i am an englishman now ? 
  yeah , you really zoomed in on the most important bit . 
  also , i 'm kinda shocked by how agressive you are . 
  did i call you names or insult you , as you do ? 
  so who exactly is the cunt here , ` mate ' ? 
  i just wrote a piece explaining the other side in a colloquial manner , no need to get your panties in a twister . 
  what now ? 
  first the russians , now the brits ? 
  how is this sub anglophobic , exaclty ? 
  edit : no need to downvote , just asking a question , really . 
  edit : jesus christ you people take offense for small things . 
  anglophobe is a big word , and not appropriate in this case . 
  constant smiles are rude over here , you dingus . 
  but feel free to look like a crazy person with staples in your face , if that is what you want !,
