  anmd at the end of the day , everyone has hid themselves in their group and drawn up fences to ward of ` the intolerants ' . 
  both extremist sides * thrive * on being treated as intolerants : it gives them the coveted position of being a victim and therefore being right . 
  being intolerant is easy , being tolerant is hard . 
  in the end , a ` do n't tolerate the intolerant ' line of thinking will only devolve in a ` no bad tactics , only bad targets ' - dogma . 
  this contradicts a lot of other stuff you have said in this thread . 
  so you admit you are a racist ? 
  the problem is you . 
   in syria they have retards screaming and shooting an old ak from a truck ... and do n't even bring up their captured machinery , they do n't have the education or supplies needed to operate them . 
  jesus christ , do n't be such a racist , calling syrians retarded . 
  you are both right . 
  but let 's focus on the important part , beign that that asshole swede is trying to look for a fight for no reason . 
  jesus christ , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  how many strawmen are you going to make ? 
  how many attempts at villifying someone for simply not sharing your opinion ? 
  i 'd much prefer 10 syrian poor as dirt refugees over one selfrighteous asshole like you . 
   they are just as much dutch as them if they live in the netherlands . 
  no they are not , they are syrian refugees . 
  have they lived here for about a decade at least , do they speak the language , can they ride a bike , do they know how to complain about the weather ? 
  then maybe . 
  you do n't magically become an ethnicity by moving to a different country . 
  huh ? 
  kinda weak banter belgian , i expect better from a country that birthed philippe geubels . 
  not even an upvote ? 
  kinda rude . 
   is x expensive ? 
  * ofcourse * that is the most common one . . 
  serious question ? 
  if [ so . 
  huh , good to know , i always assumed i looked the way i do because of viking-rape . 
  glad to hear there was a less violent more likely alternative !, 
  ah , i have that guy tagged . 
  do n't mind him , he keeps trolling here and featuring on / r/shitamericanssay because of it . 
  i bet he likes the attention . 
  i thought you guys would be used to that by now ? 
  you are german . 
  * you * look like a gypsy !, 
  in my experience with the anglophone world it is certainly not what they * want * us to think . 
   you will meet many people who still wear clogs . 
  only person i know who seriously wore clogs sometimes was the most autistic person in my fraternity . 
  it is very much a niche thing . 
  edit : jesus , i was n't trying to insult anyone , in my experience wearing clogs is just a very ` eccentric ' thing to do . 
  it is ok , it is not like he said they looked belgian . 
  depends * heavily * on the country . 
  i do n't know where you live that no one knows what it is about . 
  i personally think there is something lost in translation , as the bars syrians are most familiar with are probably tea/shisha - ` bars ' , while europeans immediatly assume alcohol . 
  because we are almost all alcoholics . 
   wrong . 
  you are n't proving him wrong by naming a single example . 
  all religions have the capability for becoming a political religion , because all religions are practiced by * humans * . 
  we are talking about tendencies and general trends . 
  on a second note , you are being a bit too ` in-yo-face bitch !, 
  ' , and it is almost insulting that you think you can just trump your opponent by pointing out the pope exists . 
  everyone * knows * he exists , you are not bringing anything new to the table . 
   hold no political power i advise you to look into this more closely , as i suspect a random dutchmen might not know that a great deal of the mosques in the netherlands are financed by g\u00fclen . 
  ever since the colonial times , mekkan-islam has a growing influence on indonesia . 
  they are just lucky that indonesia is n't that interesting to the saudi 's , or these efforts would be doubled . 
  there is also another important thing that these abrahimics share though : their god is correct . 
  abrahimic religions , compared to the great religions of the east , kinda suck at syncretism and other forms of religious tolerance . 
  hinduism is as varied as a forest , and they have little trouble accepting teachings of newly encountered guru 's ( to a hindu , jesus or mohammed might be such a guru ) . 
  this is similar to buddhism : buddhism claims to be the best method for reaching enlightment , but there are other ways possible . 
  also , buddhism is in a way rather lax on the religion and mythology of lay-members in buddhist societies : it is number one in achieving syncresis with their host-societies . 
  confucianism tends to be less concerned with metaphysical matters , except for ancestor-worship . 
  it leaves a lot of wriggle-room for local religions to do what they please . 
  and these local religions can be described as daoist : varied practices and quite open to new ways of attaining spiritual power . 
  it often shows itself as a very ` folk ' - religion though , so it can be somewhat more brutish and somewhat nationalistic . 
  abrahimics are way less flexible in essence . 
  jews tend to keep to themselves though , as mentioned before ( meaning they often have more to fear from others ) , and christians can positively thrive in a ` prosecuted ' minority position , even if the emperor is a ` pagan ' . 
  islam is more political than that , and more prone to take violent reaction when put in a minority position , then strive for supremacy , and when this becomes a reality they are only somewhat respectfull of christians and jews . 
  as a buddhist or a pagan you are shit outta luck . 
   it 's not about countries ( they and their borders change all the time , sometimes to the point where they even die ) , but about cultures/ethnicities/language . 
  except that ` it ' ( being this map ) * is * about countries and not about ` cultures/ethnicities/language . ', 
  it says so right in the name . 
  you can disagree with if that is the right way to go about it , but it is how it is . 
  do n't worry , us dutch will be watching you , you guys wo n't be able to do that . 
  nsber . 
  same here , i assume it is just the english that call paprika 's ` peppers . ', 
  blame the brabanders and limburgers !, 
  also a very cheap breakfast of hotdogs and soft drinks , as i discoverd when travelling through slovenia to hungary . 
  no it is n't actually , it means that ` signs of incivility and minor crime ( usually litterling , minor vandalism etc ) ' * actually invites * people to be equally incivil and littering . 
  i learned from this example in my psych ba , and the reasearch was done in a country in an environment that was otherwise clean , tidy and civil . 
  all the reasearchers had to do was litter a bit and those days the littering etc increased dramatically compared to days where the environment had been cleaned . 
  it is not evidence of an underlying phenomenon ( in your case , the willingness to commit serious crimes ) , unless you are making a statement on the nature of mankind an sich ( which is outside the scope of this theory , too philosophical ) , it really is an example of a manipulation by the environment on the behaviour of humans . 
  it is because of the [ ` little ice age . 
  ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_ice_age ) this coincides with the most idealized part of dutch history , the 17th century . 
  is the first picture the backside of the st. johnschurch in utrecht ? 
   teeming with bacteria , drugs , and pesticides those sodomian salmon are getting pretty fucked up it seems . 
  do you think the european countries should move all * their * capital out of america ? 
  do you want to escalate what is happening to apple so much that you rather play a game of international political chicken ? 
  or are russia and china suddenly friends of the usa ? 
  you fuckers need us as much as we regrettably need you , for the time being . 
  do n't try to bully us with your aggressive ` negotiating tactics . ', 
  i do n't buy it . 
  you guys would n't . 
  no it was because you are trying to insult me , obviously doing away with making a proper response yourself . 
  asshole . 
   my statement implies that you 're a fucking idiot ok , did n't bother to read any further just so you know . 
  fuck you too , 
  it is all about what you are implying with your statement . 
  that 's what the fuck i am talking about . 
  ` you are not strong enough alone , you need ` us ( a ) . '',
