  just do n't walk/stand on the cycling lanes or ask 14 y old kids where you can find the nearest hooker/coffeeshop . 
  so laziness and arrogance are the reason . 
  got it . 
  wonderfully said . 
   you never `` help '' by switching languages ; it is never polite . 
  i completely disagree . 
  a lot of the time the non-english is spoken so poorly that the conversation is just dying or sputtering along . 
  this completely destroys the purpose of a conversation in the first place . 
  it is not our job to learn the language to our conversational partners to a degree that you can have a normal , polite adult conversation . 
  if people switch to english because your swedish is incredibly bad : learn more swedish . 
  that is your own responsibility . 
  not exactly arrogance , maybe . 
   first issue with learning the language is whenever anyone in sweden hears the slightest accent they speak to you in english , this is not true actually , but i get that you perceive it as such . 
  dutchmen get this critique fairly often as well . 
  the part that is n't true is that it is n't just an ` accent ' that makes them change language . 
  dutchmen ( and swedes etc. ), 
  actually * prefer * speaking in their own language : it gives much more idiom , humour and vocabulary than a secondary language . 
  this is however negated when the other party 's dutch/swedish is so piss poor that the humour , idioms and obscure words are n't known in the first place , making it so that i have to repeat myself 5 fucking times in 3 different ways before the message comes halfway across . 
  all the while the englishmen is hacking an coughing like an angry mcduck , making confused faces and laughing politely but as uncomfortable and awkward as can be . 
  even dutchmen and scandinavians can cringe , and at this point we just mercifully stop torturing you in our language and just get it on in english . 
  the second someone switches language it is a sign to you that your conversational partner thinks you lack the ability to have a normal adult conversation in the native language . 
  harsh , but true . 
  basically , you just need to learn the language better in the first place , because then people would n't even change the language mid-conversation . 
  germans can do this ( though they never seem to lose their accent , they can be fluent in months ) , so why not english ? 
  so how do you learn the language to not embarass yourself ? 
  well , ask a german , they seem to know how to do it !, 
  they usually take a language course for a couple months with weekly meetings , as far as i know . 
  also try watching movies and series in the native language , dubbing ( horrid practice anyway ) not allowed : very good way to sound native quick . 
  ] ( http://worldhistoryconnected.press.illinois.edu/9.3/images/jansen_fig11b.jpg ), 
  eh , no problem man , happy day to you too !, 
  liver turcx dan paus ( calvinist saying ; ` rather a turk than a pope ' ) , after all !, 
  they have a persecution complex bigger than siberia . 
  you already do that all the time gb . 
   but they are rather stand-offish to strangers , while in middle eastern countries many people will accost you . 
  that ` stand-offishness ' is politeness to them , as it is to me . 
  i pesonally really dislike going to middle eastern countries because it feels like getting badgered all the time . 
  can we be an honoray nordic , please ? 
  i think it has to do with the language . 
  in a lot of germanic languages you say 1st of december while in english you say december 1st . 
  please america , do n't try to make this a ` race ' thing as well !, 
  it was perfectly clear what was being talked about in this context , no need to get all semantic about it . 
   always cite sources . 
  no , you should learn how to read more carefully in this particular instance . 
  asking for sources is n't wrong , but afterwards bitching about it is kinda childish dude . 
  you made a mistake , own up to it , do n't try to redirect the blame . 
  meanwhile [ only this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/31cejj/warsaw_thanks_russia_for_evacuating_polish/ ) is in / r/russia about poland . 
  edit : apparently i was wrong , there was another piece on poland and the commemoration . 
  it does n't really paint / r/russia in a better light though . 
  what i 'm curious about is as to how it is organized . 
  for example , as far as i can tell , the uk has 3 channels , and they are all bbc , but every channel has a different identity from the other two . 
  on the other hand , the netherlands has 3 channels that are shared between 24 bigger and smaller suborganizations with their own goals and identity . 
  5 of these are just there , and 1 of these controls 3 of the others . 
  additionally there are 8 different religious broadcasting channels ( with a couple of hours each ) and 10 channels that are also partially funded by members of the public through subscription . 
  these 10 are the ones that give the flavor to public broadcasting , so to speak . 
  how is this is other countries ? 
  is the public broadcasting a monolith organization , is there some variation , or are we as dutchmen just being weird again ? 
  not * forcefully * no , but it was very much due to efforts of portuguese missionaries , not the indigenous population itself . 
   and they did n't seek direct control of the land or enforce the christian religion ( even though it quickly spread ) , have to correct you there buddy , one of the reasons the dutch were able to wrest control of sri lanka ( ceylon ) , indonesia and japan from existing portuguese influence was the fact that dutchmen did not proselytize at all , and the portuguese very much did . 
  yes . 
  there are no moderates in the framing of the discussion anymore . 
  you are either a zionist ( shill ) or an anti-semite , even if you are n't . 
  i am both apparently . 
  eh , i think it is more about averages . 
  england , france etc all had a lot of different colonial lands with all kinds of different attitudes : sometimes extremely brutal , sometimes almost benevolent . 
  the caricature focusses on the average of all these different colonies as if they were a singular entity . 
  in belgiums case , congo was their * only * colony so it was the sole inspiration for a framework of ` an average belgian colony ' . 
   i am on a list somewhere , are n't i ? 
  do n't worry about it , belgian kemalists are usually very moderate . 
  they wo n't sell you out for this !, 
  so we are left out again ? 
  i thought we were brutal enough to at least not be forgotten completely !, 
  oh they should , it is just funny that it is * russia * of all countries who is the host . 
  they could 've hosted this in the lower countries a well , but then there would be protests . 
  maybe they tried to evade those ? 
  ` golden dawn ' sounds like a covert cult that wants to bring about the end of time through demonic incursion in a fantasy setting . 
  that they allow such a meetign is not the point . 
  the point is that they are trying to paint themsleves as the enemies of nazism , unlike europe , as europe is full of nazi 's and sympathisers according to the state propaganda . 
  and now they invite these exact people to their country ? 
  do n't * you * think that is pretty ironic ? 
  you should n't see it as a chockehold , you should see it as an incentive toward finally fighting the rampant corruption . 
  typical italian overreaction !, 
  how dare a comedian alter the content of recordings just for the sake of a joke !, 
  despicable !, 
  let 's burn [ luckytv ] ( http://www.luckymedia.nl/luckytv/2008/05/medvedev/ ) at the stake while we are at it !, 
  close enough , a canadian woman i believe . 
  not really sure actually . 
  it is one of the few things on [ this blog ] ( http://stuffdutchpeoplelike.com/2011/09/27/red-pants/ ) i get really confused about as to why it is so weird that dutchies do it . 
  not * that * different really . 
   comparing apples with pears , both are fruit . 
  guy with the labels on his shirt : his hair is a dead giveaway . 
  only dutchmen usually have that type of curly gelhair . 
  the fat guy after has a southern look to him , he could be limburgian as well though , judging by his looks alone . 
  the guy with the sunglasses in front of the white van just has this odd combination of semi-upperclass shirt with a bright color ( pink ) with very much 80 's gangster sunglasses . 
  i 'm pretty sure he is from a bigger city in holland originally and he had made his fortune growing weed . 
  as for general differences , dutchmen look more scandinavian ( superblondes are almost always dutch ) and belgians have a frenchy vibe to them . 
  usually shorter too . 
  belgians are usually better dressed , think conservative hipster , something like that . 
  dutchmen ( * and * women ) have very little fashion sense at all : dutch men still have spiked hair , and there is a sizeable community that wears red pants . 
   you 're more civilized and well mannered than the dutch . 
  j/k no , they really are .
