  dutchmen think of it as slightly more introverted and spineless though . 
   ` what do you do when they try to steal your land ? ', 
   ` euh , difficult question . 
   you do n't think that . 
  er , you ca n't tell me what i think . 
  only i can . 
   try going on / r/europe with some greek flair and say anything at all people make jokes . 
  when i 'm out of the country , lots of people just assume i have some drugs on me , even stuff like coke , which is completely illegal here . 
  it sucks a bit , but yeah , that 's life . 
   the ones in some position to change corruption make so much out of it that will never change you are right , i briefly touched upon that . 
  thing is , there are other ways than the one you mentioned . 
  people could 've reached out to the eu to put more pressure on your politicians . 
  mobilize this through facebook/twitter/myspace . 
  point is , the corrupt politicians are to blame , but the public is to blame for it 's apathy . 
  i mean now it is even worse , but there is still no revolution . 
  no outreach to the eu , no , in fact there is growing resentment against the eu . 
  so who is going to fix it and kick the corruption as it should 've ages ago ? 
  if the eu does it , they are nazi 's . 
  the politicians do n't want to . 
  the people are ` powerless ' . 
  so who can and will ? 
  i do n't think europe blames the greek people : they mostly blame the extreme corruption in greek politics . 
  the only thing you can somewhat blame the greek people for is the reluctance to overturn this corruption . 
  i do realize that most are not in a good position to do anything about it though . 
  jeez , as i said , not everyone is as much an aristocratic snob that they care about these distinctions . 
  ah , so they want to avoid any and all criticism . 
   the topic of russian-lithuanian invasion of russia was not brought up by a russian in the first place . 
  irrelevant to what i said . 
  i was n't commenting on * this * particular discussion , i was talking about a pattern of whataboutisms that fairly often surfaces when arguing with russians . 
   but when a russian enters this discussion it suddenly becomes russian whataboutism ? 
  in my experience , as soon as a russian enters a discussion about his country in a moderately negative light , there are no apologies and few arguments of expanding context , it sadly usually defaults to ` well , you guys are even worse ' or even flat out denial if possible . 
  russian are rather temperamental in discussions about history and politics in my experience , even more so than americans . 
  as for spreading this image , you can thank your fellow russians at / r/russia ( not all of them , but quite a few very feisty people in there ) and putin 's conspiracies peddled as national news . 
   but when a russian enters this discussion it suddenly becomes russian whataboutism ? 
  official capital amsterdam , administrative capital the hague . 
   counts of holland . 
  i think the guy was just confused over aristocratic titles and translation , as there was only * one * duke of holland with multiple counts underneath him . 
  it is clear as day in the other name for the hague , 's - gravenhage , that it refers to ` graven ' cq ` counts ' . 
  it mirrors ` new york ' vs ` washington ' , and the us and nl are n't the only ones who have a different administrative capital from official capital . 
   this is like a classic example of russian whataboutism almost every unfriendly argument with a russian on this site i have had on politics/history has ended/started with a whataboutism . 
  anticipating the russian response : yes , other groups use it as well , and russians might not be the biggest offender ever , but still , frighteningly common . 
  acceptable exception for football slogans , methinks !, 
  pretty much yeah !, 
  i really like that name as well , makes us sound like a country in some fantasy setting !, 
   who got it wrong everyone that names the country holland , while it should be the netherlands or an appropriate translation for the words ` nether ' and ` lands ' . 
   holland . 
  shame on you , even australians know better apparently !, 
  as far as i am concerned the crimean khanate should be independent again or a vassal state of the ottomans , as it has always been . 
  see ? 
  stupid argument . 
   i still do n't understand why they went with blaming the ukrainian side . 
  there was a precedent , a couple of decades or something ago ukraine accidentaly shot an airplane out of the sky . 
  therefore , it makes ` narrative sense ' . 
  that 's neat . 
  holy fucking hell , that 's about 8x as expensive as a normal new bike !, 
  nice , subcultures is the shiznit . 
  i almost got beheaded by the sword of aragorn in there . 
  dille & kamille is cool too . 
  no swords though . 
   their laws are quite punitive . 
  physical punishment ( whipping ) for offenses which in most states would be ignored or a small fine . 
  yes , we all know harsher punishment are the best deterrent to crime . . / s, 
  more like voc . 
  dutch independence and subsequent colonial expansion happened . 
  portugal 's edge was mainly due to brazil and it 's far east contacts ( goa , ceylon , indonesia , japan , etc ) . 
  they lost most of their far east connections to dutch competition . 
  you need to be modded in , glogau . 
  ah , another ` agenda ' person . 
  netherlands as well . . and like always , belgians need to be modded in by fans . 
  no need to shout . 
  i 'll go out on a limb and assume you have n't been paying attention properly , so let me remind you that * there was a turnout of 30 % necessary to even ratify the referendum . 
  * beforehand , estimates on turnout were all * under * or equal to 30 % , which means that if i would 've voted ` blank ' my vote would have been registred for the total turnout , which means that me voting blank in an effort to discredit the referendum would actually be a push for legitimacy of the referendum , which is the * exact opposite of what i intended . 
  * but really , fuck you for making me explain what has been explained a hundred times already in this thread , you lazy asshole . 
  next time , read up a little bit before you open your chocolatechompers and start hurling insults at people . 
   we do n't have to return the stolen paintings anymore !, 
  would you still be so glib about this if returning the paintings would 've secured you guys a yes ? 
  pff , they will lose the money again over time , trolls always turn upon themselves , etc. 
   failing to properly convey the meaning of the agreement and persuading the people that it 's a good thing . 
  there was only ` no ' propaganda for the longest time , only the last few weeks has there been ` yes ' propaganda . 
  do n't be too harsh on him , it is part of the ` lets be reasonable ' propaganda the right has been feeding us . 
  fucking pvdd was against because of ` animal rights ' for crying out loud . 
  i reiterate that something as obscure and technical as this treaty should never have been put to a referendum in the first fucking place . 
  you are right , i agree , it is not a smart move . 
  but , as i said in another posts , 80 % of the people i knew boycotted the referendum . 
  what was i to do ? 
  be one of the few in my social clique who * would * vote and thereby making it more likely that the referendum gets ratified , even though it is a troll-referendum in the first place ? 
  i did n't feel like i had much of a choice , really . 
  even so , i made the wrong decision . 
  it * almost * worked . 
  again , * hindsight is a bitch and we are proven to be wrong * , ca n't deny that . 
  and it is fucking awfull . 
  however , almost all prognoses pointed toward far less than 30 % , until the last couple of days when it shot up suddenly . 
  everyone i personally knew except for a few scattered yes-voters explicitly did n't go to vote . 
  calling it ` retarded and naive ' is pretty fucking unfair though , unless they might be in the possession of a crystal ball . 
  again : the results were n't known untill the very last second , this is inherent of elections and such you know , * the very fucking fact that you ca n't completely predict the outcome , * otherwise there would n't even * be * elections , now would there ? 
  lol . 
   no one in the uk is deluding themselves i 'm just glad an american like you could voice your opinion on the situation in britain , everyone knows how much americans are taking notes on british politics . 
  oh sorry , i 'm confused , it is a brit voicing their ` informed ' views on the netherlands , a country they love to watch closely and just , you know , generally keep up with dutch opinion pieces and such . 
  what brit did n't watch that one inspirational speech balkenende gave , or send photo 's of the royal family on a skiing holiday to their friends on facebook ? 
  * everyone * in britain knows that dutch politics ** matter , ** and are therefore to be followed closely .
