  why else the ` why hast thou forsaken me o father ' - part ? 
  ah , back to the ol' divide and conquer tactics ? 
   whether we like it or not i 'm so glad the people in the ` like ' camp are becoming a minority . 
  voting on weedays in the netherlands is not a problem because of the infrastructure we have for it in place . 
  almost every square kilometer has a voting booth ( slight hyperbole ) , while most are in school buildings , governmental offices , churches etc a lot of them are on stations and the like as well . 
  this means that you do n't * have * to take off from work to vote , it takes as much time as going for a cup of coffee on your morning commute . 
  the voting booths are also open from very early to rather late , so enough time to go even after you have came home ( at a reasonable hour , we talking the netherlands here ) and had dinner . 
  additionally , everyone in the neherlands is supposed to have an id-card in the least , a passport or other identifying papers within reach . 
  so everyone has one , and getting them is incredibly easy , not very time consuming and inexpensive compared to the us . 
  we also do n't have to ask for a permission slip , the voting card is automatically mailed toward any 18 + citizen . 
  this leads to some confusion when dutchmen talk on voting with americans , because dutchmen presume that the necessary infrastructure is present , which makes it ok to have those kind of laws , while in america the infrastructure of voting often falls somewhat short , making those same laws a hurdle for some . 
  i think this is one of the things ( shutting down tax competition ) that will only work if the whole world does it . 
  europe doing it alone wo n't change much and probably hurt the little guys in both short and long term . 
  belgians have the superior claim . 
  karel de grote is from the low countries region . 
   but interfering with another countries ' voting system because we ( or , rather , the government ) think one side 's propaganda is too unfair i do n't think that is the point at all . 
  why should a country facilitate the voting process of a different country to begin with ? 
  that is was done in the past was as a favor , a favor which has now understandably been revoked . 
   `` russia is not a democracy and germany is '' . 
  you are damn right about that . 
  how about you give us back our plane and the heads of the men responsible for downing it on a silver platter , unless that happens i have little use for russians whining about ` injustice . ', 
  oh shut your trap , russian shill . 
  i strongly suspect you are a raging hypocrite in that you 'd cheer if your country did the same . 
  ` but then it is ok because russia is n't a democracy ! ', 
  the boy who cried fascist . 
  pray tell me what those ` blunders ' are . 
   what if , for example , other eu members were to withhold the right to vote of people in other eu members ? 
  not even a remotely equivalent situation , you need to provide better examples if you want to make your point . 
  tough titties then i suppose . 
  ah , so you are already starting with the foreplay ? 
  then what * did * you mean ? 
  even if you only wanted to round up ` erdogan voters ' aka people wanting to bring back the death penalty in turkey and not all the turks you are being much more of an autocrat than simply refusing to pander to our citizens voting on domestic policy of a foreign nation . 
  even if you are ` joking ' you are pretty deluded . 
   however the vast majority were just anti-eu people who used the referendum solely for their anti-eu agenda yeah exactly , so what happened to those ` russian propagandists ' you were talking about before ? 
  anti-eu = / = russian propaganda . 
  by doing * what * exactly ? 
  allowing this to go on ? 
  that 's a betrayal ` of our values ' in of itself . 
  tolerance = / = acceptance in fact , one can only tolerate which one hates or dislikes , per definition of the word . 
  the ones i have heard that refer to euro 's specifically are ` ekkies ' en ` pleuro 's . ', 
  i 'm digging this cultural exchange !, 
  ah , [ laibach covered it then i guess . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb9lobwclfq ) i have never heard any austrian pop group , but i instantly recognized the sentence . 
  move out of amsterdam to a city in the actual netherlands then . 
  laibach is slovenian not austrian no ? 
  it is a joke , relax bub . 
  during a lot of questions in this survey i was thinking to myself : ` well if you ask it that way i 'm more or less forced to give x answer while the truth is actually much more nuanced . ', 
  this is common to have on survey 's , sure , but i had that kind of doubts with every question so far . 
  i caution you to make any sort of blanket statements on basis of this survey , as i 'm missing * a lot * of context with these questions . 
   as long as it provides equally for all . 
  i think we might be more alike than you think !, 
  utrecht is named after what it used to be , a roman traiectum ( traiectum - trectum - trecht ) raised in about 50 ad . 
  the romans left about 200 years later but trecht became somewhat prominent in the 7-8th century as a clerical religious centre , and growth of the city in the hundreds years after meant that it was the de facto capital of the upper netherlands ( which were a provincial backwater , so you know , not that impressive , but still ) . 
  it got it 's city rights in 1122 and remained the biggest city of the netherlands till about halfway 16th century . 
  some say the decline set in earlier , it was inevitable when utrecht 's little port city of amsterdam was taken from utrecht/sticht by holland in a series of political decisions/pandering and little violent conflict around 1300 . 
  the netherlands do n't really have ancient meeting trees , as almsot all of those were destroyed by christian ` saints . ', 
  the domplein in the centre of the city is at the same location that the roman fort initially was though , and you can go beneath the modern domplein to look at the ruins of said fort . 
  i want more , if there is one thing that is great it is americans freaking out over something they do n't even have a cursory understanding of . 
  correct , but i do think that it is taken a bit less serious than hitler for example . 
  joking about stalin and the gulags is both less risk and less reward than joking about hitler . 
  yeah , i am pinky pale and blonde with red , so while it might reduce i do n't think it will ever go away !, 
  how am i supposed to do that ? 
  do brownface or something ? 
  i imagine that would nto go down well . 
  there are a couple in utrecht , i know for sure of one in the university campus library !, 
  but yeah , they are kinda rare . . 
  it is n't astonishing like rome or accompanying vatican city , there is no sense of incredulous wonder at the capital of a lost empire or anything like that . 
  florence is more impressive as lucca as well , and again , has much more ` history ' behind it . 
  the thing about lucca though is that it has an absolutely charming late-medieval/early renaissance * feel * to it . 
  i visited lucca and pisa in the same trip , and of pisa i can only remember the tower and a church at the same square , of which the church [ \\ ( round church  square church \\ ) ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/pisa-church-and-tower-picture-id92292949 ) is much more interesting in of itself . 
  the doors to the round chuch alone are much more interesting than the whole freaking tower . 
  pisa itself is just a regular old dirty city . 
  i have lots of memories about lucca though , you can just wander around for a couple of days and still be not be ` seen it , yaaaawn . ', 
  so to answer your question : not much going on pers\u00e9 , which is exactly why it is such a great place in my opinion . 
  there is also a madam tussauds in not-that-far amsterdam , much quieter . 
   lucca lucca beats pisa though , pisa only has the one crooked tower while lucca has several , all unique . 
  the town is much nicer and less overrun by tourist as well . 
  but apparently the dutch have discovered it so it wo n't be for long before lucca becomes more tourist than pisa . 
  have you ever outsmarted a bullet ? 
   nowhere else in the world are elections on this scals that well done what is the ` scale ' exactly ? 
  how much different is organizing an election for 100 million as opposed to 300 million ? 
  what are the cutoffs ? 
  i personally think that it makes no sense , this is something that is supposed to scale . 
  additionally , the american organization is incredibly old-fashioned , regressive and undemocratic . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  i meant that those guys are more like me , and therefore more relatable . 
  it was a comment on ` othering . ', 
  people tend to judge * others * more severely than the people in their own cultural sphere . 
  when germans dick around on an empty and quiet road the italian op sees them as dickish/irresponsible , but when spanish tourists talk loudly and with passion in a restaurant , that is normal . 
  personally , i would be way more annoyed by the spaniards of my example . 
   so does it come down to one 's cultural knowledge ? 
  are you less annoyed when certain expectations are fulfulled ? 
  ah yes , i was n't clear on that , but i do think that this is part of it . 
  not just the knowledge of the tourist though , i suspect the knowledge of the native beholder is also incredibly important , especially in cases like the one mentioned . 
  it is a bit of a solo-project i believe . 
  let me answer your question with another question : why do you tourists in amsterdam always treat it like some kind of playground ? 
  cycling even though you absolutely have no training in it , walking on bicycle lanes , getting high in public ( obviously no training in drug management either ) and asking 12 year old kids if they know where to find hookers ? 
  people * live * here !, 
  people * work * here !, 
  our kids have to go to school , they do n't have the time to be handing out directions and reccomendations for hookers !,
