  like pretty much all statistics are ? 
  sure , people might not get it , but honestly , that * is * the kind of info every educated person should have . 
  honestly , when talking about statistics relative should be expected , it should be mentioned explicitly when it * is n't * relative . 
  then those people really think a 17 million people country can outspend an 80 million people country of about equal relative wealth ? 
   it 's a great investment . 
  this guy is proven dutch . 
  this is why you guys were/are such good rivals . 
  you understand us perfectly . 
  bogged down by frenchies . 
  i got ta say , except for the canal leading up to venice that is geography porn to me !, 
  please , if we are sent over to the balkans there wo n't be an adriatic sea to speak of when we are done . 
  which is all part of our masterplan to destroy the canals in venice so that the canals in utrecht are finally the prettiest in the world !, 
  and how are you going to do that do you think ? 
  ` they will just go back once it is over ' was a line of thinking that led us to the situation before the syrian war : massive discontent and growing instability in europe . 
  fair enough !, 
  he is brabantian i bet , they also deep-fry everything . 
   big american pizzas too much poor quality dough , not enough toppings for my taste . 
   and eventually the netherlands will do so as well . 
  you are really overestimating the impact of british trade on our economy . 
   economic necessity necessity is a strong word . 
  convenience would be more appropriate . 
   i think it 's more than likely that belgium will no longer demand freedom of movement i think that is the most unlikely outcome there is . 
  are you seriously suggesting that all members of the eu have identical foreign trade policies ? 
  this is not the case . 
  i do n't have to explain anything or even give specific examples because this really is a well-known fact . 
  i advise you to do some googling . 
  even so , if you still believe that this is n't something that is happening right now , what makes you say this is completely impossible for the uk ? 
  there is no impartial referee you know , we can make our own rules , if the will to adapt is there . 
  your reasoning is circular : ` it is n't possible and therefore it wo n't happen !, 
  ' : yeah , not with that attitude . 
   the uk has no choice but to trade with ireland in exactly the same way as it trades with the rest of the eu that 's exactly the kind of spin i was talking about , bravo !, 
  they * can * and they * have * in the past . 
  it is very much possible to do , the only thing standing in the way is british willingness , of which there is n't much , as you are demonstrating yourself . 
   sympathy between scotland , wales and ireland has always existed * always ? 
  * are you being sarcastic ? 
  the netherlands benefits most from a strong , non-fractured eu . 
  that is off the table already , with compliments of the uk . 
  with regards to euroscepscism in nl : it * is * growing . 
  the most eurofriendly parties however are also gaining voters , it is the middle that is starting to buckle . 
  add to that the happy coincidence that our national debate is n't completely dominated by hyperbole when it comes to the eu : netherlands wo n't be as supportive as the brits seem to think . 
  which they could 've known if they had looked at our history , nl has always been more friendly with german states and france than it has with the brits , only allying with britain in times of strategic necessity . 
  i personally think the brits are severely overestimating the kind of pull they have on the continent , which is n't weird since most brits do n't even know that britain has ever been at war with us , let alone * four * times . 
   we should n't give him attention i think that the guy you are responding too meant that they should never have given this moron ( and other like him ) that position in the first place . 
  i fully expect the brits to try and ` threaten/strangle ' the irish economy in order to have a stronger negotiating position with the rest of the eu . 
  they do n't have many other options left , they have a very strong anti-eu propaganda machine going already so i 'm sure they can spin their strangulation into something self-righteous . 
   tell that to the populistic/nationalistic movements that ca n't wait to be served another eurosceptic excuse on a silver plate . 
  they will spin anything to make the eu seem like the bad guy . 
  the english already * had * a special status that was above their station compared to others precisely because we wanted them inside the union ; the uk should have been proud of how much influence they wielded within the eu and how much special treatment the uk was already getting . 
  do i need to remind the uk populace that they are one of the few who do not have the euro for instance ? 
  that is just the tip of the iceberg of special treatment , really . 
  if your nationalists could spin the situation as it was into ` we are being treated unfairly ' they can spin anything . 
  that is not the fault of the eu , that is the fault of how bigoted and hyperbolic the debate with regards to the eu has always been in britain . 
   my hope is that at least this will spark a little revolution in the fiscal / monetary union in the direction of helping the slower economies not to rain on your parade , but that would require * more * oversight of the eu with regards to the members , not exactly the trend we are in now . 
  additionally , there is in fact a limit on how many refugees they can take , even if they have acces to those funds . 
   merkel and the eu have blood on their hands for the paris attack . 
  that is a bit excessive , to directly blame them like it was their plan all along . 
  you 'll find that there are quite a few people who are saying just that actually . 
  that video is really , really stupid . 
  are you serious ? 
  the dutch were the first to legalize gay marriage . 
  like over a decade ago too . 
  why do you keep asking me questions then ? 
  it 's not helping making it not about me . 
  tell me about yourself . 
  by caring about theirs . 
  i do n't care about you though , since you are obviously just trying to get a raise out of me . 
  and i maintain that i do n't care about your opinion . 
  you thief . 
  i demand that people do n't use whataboutisms when faced with criticism . 
  whatever else you think i demand is not of my concern . 
  ah yes keep going on the offfensive , i really respect you for it . 
  yes . 
  but do try to bring whataboutisms in every discussion russia , people really respect you for it . 
  still not her doing the chasing , so your central issue is still false . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  says the person who was triggered , complained about this , and then lies about how ` he does n't care anymore . ', 
  you know an awfull lot about being triggered , do n't you ? 
   and personally could n't care what they get up to . 
  well , shut up then ? 
  except that she rebuffed * him * because he was too young and only gave in years later ? 
  . . is that really a critique ? 
   the kind of, 
   but to then go to the opposite extreme is silly . 
  why is it silly to assume that someone does the kind of thing they have done lot 's of times already ? 
   i think he might have been tipped off beforehand by a foreign entity i 'm sorry , but i think that is too soft of a verdict . 
  sure , i have to admit that this * technically * is a possibility when faced with the mountain of precise knowledge i * do n't * have on the subject . 
  it is even more likely that erdogan infiltrated the movements and that part of the decision making was done by erdogan 's double agents . 
  personally i think it is most likely that the whole idea of a coup at this point in time was planted by an agent like this in the first place . 
  you know , the same kind of thing he used to do himself * with * the party he is blaming for the coup . 
  i remember distinctly that the second i saw ` the coup ' on the news i turned to my dad and said that nothing about that coup added up in the slightest . 
  the coup went absolutely perfect for erdogan , just watch the time-line and tell me that is how a unaware government responds to a coup . 
  at the very * least , * erdogan did n't instigate the coup but had all the knowledge of the coup , the who/what/when and choose to let them get into action only to counter every move that he knew they would make to make himself look strong and consolidate power . 
  no way in hell that he was unaware . 
  and * still * ahead of us !, 
  i thought bladed weapons were banned in the uk ? 
  you might have to make do with a spoon of legend . 
   however , a public television in-house pollster with a good reputation for predicting national election results you are not talking about little doggy maurice are you ? 
  about as likely to happen as the dragon on your flag coming to life to eat the british , sadly . 
  did he know that though ? 
  i do n't think he did according to the narrative of the bible .
