  but no real action , and only vague condemnations . 
  i can think of any major religion that has people to take care of their pr , from hindu 's to shinto to jews to protestants . 
  muslims ? 
  silence , discordant muttering and occasional explosions . 
  so when people say they want to discuss something , they actually already have made up their mind to do one thing ? 
   passing out cookies and goodwill all over . 
  i habitually visit / r/islam and the overarching argument seems to be that * they * are the * real * victims because now everyone unjustly hates muslims . 
  interestingly though , the thread they have on this same article right now is nearly empty , lots of downvoted posts , and one person saying the exact opposite ( we should n't play victims ) who is heavily upvoted , but a few weeks ago ( nice attacks ) that was very different . 
  were are you going to lock them up belgae ? 
  in our prisons ? 
  :p but for real , i do n't think locking up is a worthwile solution , extradition when any sort of jihadi connections are uncovered seems much more humane and long-term solution to me . 
   islam has two saints islam does n't have saints , only the plebian or the intrinsically mystical versions ( sufi 's ) of islam do , but those have about a 50/50 chance to be condemned heresies by the ulama , depending on political expediency usually . 
  very good correction , i appreciate the effort . 
  they did , but secularism got them to behave . 
  a paranoid pole is too busy looking at germany to look at you , france . 
  from a less paranoid position , germany , france and the uk were the eu-triumverate . 
  do n't know who the next third member will be , spain or italy maybe ? 
   street corner weed . 
  gast , are there even people left in nl that actually * do * that ? 
  i thought our street corner ( well actually more like drive-by ) dealers only dealt pills and coke ? 
  italians and their money-making schemes ... :p, 
  uh hu . 
   the demographic shift in europe means europe will no longer be europe . 
  oh sorry , did n't know you were one of those crazies . 
  you do n't belong here , go back to / r/thedonald . 
   if you 're protestant , holy wars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war, 
   who ca n't speak dutch around eindhoven . 
  probably because those guys went to the technical university there , and they did n't grow up in nl ? 
  tu 's always attract large number of asian/middle eastern students , you know . 
   but we 've got a few thousand miles of sea that have kept things relatively secure here . 
  oh i was n'ttalking about muslims , your own citizens are way mroe violent than europe 's muslim population . 
  places like chicago and philadelphia ? 
  school shootings ? 
  militiamen taking arms ? 
  assasinations of cops in broad daylight ? 
  you have * so * much more violent problems . 
  before breivik , norway 's far right was n't well known for terrorism either . 
  today is five years after breivik . 
  * exactly * five years , if you take my meaning . 
  that 's the thing , theo van gogh was pre-isis , it was an actual lone wolf . 
  ayaan is very much alive and last i heard she was still in politics , in an american thinktank or somesuch . 
  i do n't know who the ` other comedian ' is ? 
  either way , these were national events by nationals , not internationally connected attacks , and even if they were , they were the first before an actual pattern was there . 
  it was n't like brussel or nice , no massive slaughterspree 's . 
  thgat 's what he was talking about . 
  but honestly , you have absolutely no right as an american to call out europe for being ` in denial . ', 
  take a look at the freaking wooden beam in your eye before you criticize the splinter in someone else 's . 
  his reason for a ` leave ' vote was ` the eu will never change or reform ' . 
  sounds exactly like grumpy old man reasoning . 
   no excuse to throw all in a bucket an call 52 % of a nation dim are you throwing a tantrum because someone called people ` dim ' ? 
  pretty soft for an actual insult , really , it is not like he called them ` retards . ', 
  also , pretty much 50 % of * every country * is made up of quite ` dim ' people . 
  so it was because of cynical defeatism . 
  not pretty , kinda ugly , but nothing as degenerate as ` worries over immigration issues . ', 
   it 's not so black and white sure , and you are misconstruing my point . 
  i never said we should treat them * worse * than others , but there is no reason to treat them * better . 
  * ` why not ? 
  are n't you just beign harsh top them ? ', 
  no , * you * are being unfair to the other countries of the eu , countries that * do * contribute and have moved heaven and earth to stay in the eu and play along . 
  giving special deals to the english just hurts the smaller and not so prolific members of the union . 
  or are you suggesting * they * should get special deals as well ? 
  if everyone has special deals , no one does . 
  uk does n't deserve special deals , they deserve our normal fair dealings . 
  trying to go beyond that is a naive anbd more importantly , * unfair * to the people who do n't get the special deals . 
  i am actually hoping that it will turn out that way . 
  the ` special package ' the uk always got was , funnily enough , one of the talking points of euroscepsis in the smaller , politically weaker but wealthy countries of the eu . 
  it was always very annoying to see the uk moan about how they have to ` pay ' for the eu and get less back , but the netherlands gets * less than half * they give back in subsidies etc. 
  you know how at the end of all calcualtions about subsidies/trade . etc there is still a fraction left for the uk , the ` paying for peace i guess ' part ? 
  that part is * way * higher per capita in the netherlands . 
   skeptical about eu ? 
  other countries are sceptical , but none threaten leaving the union every few weeks , till they finally do . 
  other countries scepticism translates to finding new ways to * change * the system from within , not extorting the rest of the countries . 
   and i hope that britain can take an active and central role as part of that . 
  i agree with anything else but this . 
  britain left us . 
  membership of the eu is not some kind of discount club for a chainstore , and if we continue to indulge and woo britain they will never learn , and they will jump ship asap the next time they wo n't get their way . 
   uk is one of the only effective military powers blablabla you know , this is the kind of spiel the uk has been blabbing about forever . 
  threatening to leave the eu as often as frenchmen strike . 
  well , now they are out , i for one am not going to be very receptive to their threats again . 
  even now the * leavers * are already talking about how they will make almost exactly the same deals but now without membership . 
  * that * is extortion . 
   what a great ambassador was n't that already obvious when he straight up insulted ( calling names like a schoolbully ) the people he was trying to negotiate with ? 
   for the sake of the uk economy . 
  that 's their problem now , we no longer have an obligation to look out for * their * economy , the leave camp has made that abundantly clear i say . 
  sucks for the remainers , but eu is n't completely peachy either , so those concerns take precedent now . 
  i do n't think it is the farmers specifically who are to blame . 
  yes , most leavers are not highly educated etc. 
  but that does n't mean they are farmers . 
  i 'm thinking it is mostly poor and uneducated city-folk , where i am from the farmers know what the eu does for them . 
   thieves , pickpockets , prostitutes . . political dissidents a well . 
  in short , you might say they were people who were exploited more than they exploited others . 
  because most people living in europe who practice cirumcision are muslims with a dash of jews ? 
  this * is * the sub about * europe * right , not a general one ? 
   slovaks arent handsome enough honestly , during my travels in europe i have come to the conlcusion that slovakian people are probably the prettiest people in europe on average , both women * and * men . 
  a marriage is a contract between two people who are ` in love ' so to speak ; * this marriage is ratified by the state . 
  * in essence , this contract is only viable as far as the jurisdiction of the state ratifying this contract goes . 
  pretty sure most countries have all kinds of agreements on how to easily translate the contract to the new environment , seeing as to how marriage is an important institution and it benefits most governments to facilitate easy transition . 
   contracts do n't change when the contracted parties move to other countries they do . 
  technically not always i suppose , ` on paper , ' but in the new legal system the * meaning * of these letters change and arbitration when a conflict arises is completely different . 
  a contract drafted between two people in poland who move to china and get into a conflict about the contract will find out that parts of the contract are not viable in their new environment .
