  in a democratic country that has more than two parties and fairly low levels of corruption , this is still a problem to some extent , but it * is * the best we can do at this point i believe . 
  additionally , when i said ` wording things properly , ' i meant not making too many blanket statements or making not just harsh but properly unforgiving condemnations of your opponents in the national discourse . 
  the fact that we had a miscommunication there touches upon what i said before : a two party system in a modern state is already fundamentally broken because there already is no real need to make proper alliances between inherently disagreeing parties anymore . 
  absolutely , it is happening all over europe . 
  you 'd think the americans would have wised up to it by now . . 
  ah , that was what the user * before * me was talking about , you better ask him !, 
  that 's not the level of discourse i was trying to get at buddy . 
  i am not * thrilled * about simplified language ( i.e. 
  less grammar etc ) but it is n't what i am * worried * about . 
  i am worried about not citing sources or taking care to word things properly , about playground bullying becoming somewhat acceptable in discourse . 
  simplified language can actually aid in communication if one party is non-proficient , but simplified * discourse * is the death of valid communication . 
  it is a bit like giving a fencing team ` the trumpies ' batons and clubs they use to simply beat the other fencers into submission . 
  sure , they will ` win ' a lot of engagements , but the games they play are n't fencing anymore , they are only one step away from a simple brawl . 
  this is why it it so vulgar that trumpies applaud trump as ` strong and savvy . ', 
  being uncouth is the easiest thing in the world when you have no shame . 
  trump is n't ` changing ' the game , he is ` devolving/destroying ' it . 
  and what do people do when they ca n't talk things over anymore because the other side is being a powerfull and bullying brat ? 
  violent conflict will erupt . 
  i might answer the question if you would deign to explain what ` it ' is specifically . 
  as it is now , this is open to intrepretation . 
  i would n't want to waste your time in answering a question you did n't mean to ask !, 
  so please , do expand !, 
  nah , i meant it in a ` it happened before , look at what wilders did to the * dutch * political debate , now imagine what trump will do to * international * politics . ', 
  ah , thanks for the context !, 
  yeah , that 's an wasy game to play alright !, 
  i 'm sure you can all enlighten us with the answer to your own question . 
  you mean things like quality cars from european soil that can actually compete with the japanese cars ? 
  you mean ` handlers ' ? 
  ofcourse . 
   unpresidented you mean unprecedented ? 
  i do n't follow , sorry ? 
  but yes , i am sure wilders would spell ` unprecedented ' incorrectly , thank you for the support . ', 
   you dispute that claim ? 
  yes , japanese cars sell really well all over europe . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  lol . 
  ugh , ai n't that the truth . 
  this is the worst side-effect of the trump presidency . 
  the rest of the world will be forced to dumb their statements down even more , just by blabbering his unintelligable broken language . 
  case in point : wilders . 
  nah , that makes it your call , lazybones . 
  if you are too lazy to look it up yourself within this very comment chain in this very thread i am not going to do it for you , sorry . 
  yeah , it was only wholly religiously inspired . 
  so different . 
  exactly . 
  most states even have their own types of pizza , and in some places in the country soda is pop while in others it is called just soda . 
  so much potential for culture shock . 
  if you are american . 
   i do n't think that it following the protestant/catholic border is an accident . 
  neither do i , i completely agree !, 
  did you also notice how the protestand/catholic divide in europe roughly follows the northern border of the roman empire ? 
  i do n't think that is an accident either . 
   the most believers . 
  debatable . 
  catholic dutchies are by and large ` cultural catholics , ' most do n't really believe in a god . 
   stating that government should stay out of religious matters is naive idealism ` naive idealism ' that our country was quite literally founded on , thank you very much . 
  maybe read up on some dutch history before some blanket condemnation , turk . 
  pretty sure i know more about yours than you know about mine . 
  do n't worry , the problem is known , and there is talk of changing the laws . 
  problem is , this means the state ends up bearing some responsibility for educating imams in some way , i do n't have to explain why this is not very popular either . 
  dutchies adore scandinavian and english crime series !, 
  yes !, 
  i just saw your username , i am sorry to have replied to you . 
   where do you draw the line ? 
  usually at ` incitement to violence . ', 
  you think that would fly in the us ? 
  you yanks keep going on about your ` uniquely free speech , ' but in law as well as in practice you have resp . 
  similar and so much less free speech than i for example have . 
   can i say homosexuals will be condemned to hell according to ( insert religion here ) ? 
  yeah you can , quite a few dutch bible belters say exactly the same . 
  i believe i have seen people say that on both british and dutch national tv , without repercussion of a legal nature . 
  can you guys even say fuck on tv ? 
  then who the hell are you lecturing , really ? 
   my definition of extremism is n't the same as yours and yours is n't the same as society why do n't you just read up on the restrictions instead of just assuming that it is incredibly open to interpretation , it usually is n't . 
   good luck with your `` union '' . 
  it seems to be getting exactly what it invited . 
  i 'm confused , you talking about usa now ? 
  ban foreign funding for religious movements and organizations , unless they ask for a license and are thoroughly checked , and even then all expenses have to be justified ? 
  i mean , i would love to see foreign backed radical mosques broken down , but there might be buddhist temples ( like the taiwanese temple in amsterdam for example ) and similar that could immensely suffer : i do n't think it would be fair to deprive the amsterdam chinese community of their place of worship . 
  i agree with both of you !, 
  belgian limburgians or dutch limburgians then ? 
  yeah dude . 
  sure , a bit harsher yeah , but other sounds are much more pronounced in the accent : with just the exaggerated lisping , as is usual apparently , you only have like 10 % of the total accent , and it is unrecognizable as a dutch accent to an actual dutch person . 
  unless they are aware of the ` dutch-accent-trope ' used by anglo 's as we supposedly are . 
  i 'm sorry , but i just have higher standards for accents . 
  what didya do ? 
   funny accents '' . 
  as a german implying german * does n't * sound ridiculous . 
  you talking about actual germans or limburgians ? 
  no , that is swamp scandinavian . 
  they fill the role of ` outsider within ' the best . 
  they have more cultural similarity to rheinland and wallonia ( foreigners !!! ), 
  they are catholic they are poor , but they were n't in the middle ages , and culturally they have n't really made peace with that yet . 
  they largely support enfant terrible intolerant wilders they are properly unintelligable, 
   i 'm 178 cm and i felt like a midget there i 'm 1,73 and i * live * there . 
  how do you guess i feel ? 
  in the rest of the world i 'm pretty much within ` normal ' but in the country i live i am a proper gnome . 
  lisping is not an accent , and kind of rude actually . 
  nah , like the picture suggests , we just build it out of fat german tourists . 
   the headline is wrong it is not wrong , it just fails to explicitly mention that this is a * relative * statistic .
