  as other have mentioned , stripping citizens of citizenship is not ` right ' . 
  however , i propose they * can * come back , as they are citizens , but they * are * prosecuted criminally for warcrimes or some such , maybe it needs new category . 
  something should be done about it though , you are right about that . 
  mayan ? 
  closer to the usa it is aztecs , and around the modern border it is pueblo nations people . 
  source : i play a lot of eu4, 
  i do n't know man , i once did a big trip through poland , czech republic , slovakia , romania and finally hungary . 
  the hungarian women were n't ugly per s\u00e9 , but compared to what i had seen in the last few weeks they were relatively plain . 
  well , native americans like that used to live in present day mexico , so that part is n't that much of a stretch . 
  you make a good point , but i did n't speak of the spanish issue in particluar , because i 'm not knowledgeable enough to comment on it . 
  i am familiar with the dutch system , which seems very similar to the spanish one you describe . 
  in any case , the german system for voting for the bundeskanzler is different from how the prime-minister in the netherlands is conceived . 
  i imagine it is different in spain as well , but i 'm not sure . 
  do they vote for the prime-minister seperate from ` normal ' voting on the most prominent parliamentary body ( 2nd chamber in the netherlands ) . 
  german ` presidents ' are very much different . 
  i would n't call them presidents , they are federal chancellors ( bundeskanzler ) , not real presidents . 
  actually , i was going to say ( but i was a bit longwinded anyway , so i ommited this part ) that the best substitute for the modern monarchy might be the german federal chancellor-system . 
  certainly there is no conflict with modern meritocratic principles , that is for sure . 
  the netherlands is n't a feudal society where the king/queen has absolute power , vassals , etc. 
  king willem-alexander is merely a figurehead . 
  he has no political power or controversial opinions , for all we know . 
  he is a friendly man who knows etiquette and is well trained in official business . 
  that is usefull . 
  he has extensive knowledge of international politics , by virtue of being in these circles from birth . 
  as for actual power , he advises the prime-minister in a weekly conversation behidn closed doors . 
  that is it . 
  no real power , but an important advisory position bred into him . 
  most importantly it protects a country from the evil that is a president . 
  i woudl agree it seems like a better idea , but in practice presidents fuck up big time . 
  personally i attribute this to the shady deals they had to make to become a president in the first place , which means people have power over them . 
  people we do n't really know about . 
  a king just becomes king though . 
  no political allegiance to a certain party or shady person , just the interest of the country and by extension his family . 
  no catastrophic short-term plans for electoral gains either . 
  it is a form of moderation in otherwise polarized politics . 
  do i love the king ? 
  no , i think he is a pompuous sack of potatoes . 
  but so are balkenende and rutte . 
  i 'd much rather see willempie be king and the likes of balkenende/rutte be a prime-minister than having no king and having ` president rutte ' . 
  is the theory behind the system weird ? 
  yes it is , it is weird . 
  but more importantly , it works for us . 
  theories are all good and nice but at the end of the day what counts is reality . 
  maybe if the next king/queen is found te be extremely corrupt/criminal/degenerate the system will stop , but so far the dutch royal family of the last generations have been decent , good people with the countries interest at heart . 
  i ca n't say that much of most politicians . 
  ( note : prince bernhard , grandfather of willempie was a controverial figure , but he was consort , not blood of the family . 
  maxima and claus ( former consort ) have been lovely persons so far . ), 
  edit : spelling, 
  [ elizabeth the eternal ] ( http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2010/198/6/1/the_queen_is_dead_by_10baron10.jpg ), 
   should have probably mentioned the finis-sovjet war as well ( which i aslo count as part of ww2 ) out of interest , what would you 've said about it ? 
   btw . 
  why was my last comment downvoted so harsh ? 
  because to everyone watching it looks like ` russia ' is deflecting blame . 
  again . 
  and before that x happend , which made people do y so then you can blame them , but before that ... bottom line , even if there were border skirmishes and ` posturing ' beforehand the declaration of war is the exact moment it becomes a war . 
  and it became a war when russia and germany invaded poland . 
  together . 
  thinking britain would n't respond . 
  whatabout china huh ? 
   no bars he might 've been referring to a shisha-bar or something similar , as i 'm pretty sure there are bars with alcoholic beverages in finland . 
  dude , this guy is being extremely suspicious on a train that * has * been attacked not too long ago . 
  the guy is an idiot for locking himself in the toilet and refusing to respond for a couple hours . 
  would make anyone look suspicious . 
  he should 've bought a ticket and acted normal . 
  it is up to people in literary/language sciences to determine that , not ` religionists ' ( you mean theologians ? 
  from what religion ? ), 
   firstly you 'd expect if god was going to reveal his literal word to man , he 'd do it in the language of the time . 
  no , i would say that it is impossible to give his * literal * word , exactly because human language is fallible . 
  it is impossible . 
  the divine would communicate in a way that makes perfect sense to the individual , but being human he would not be able to put it into literal words , it would be an approximation . 
  a smart person would understand this , and would not claim his text to be literally dictated by god . 
   the fact is that is the beauty of the arabic of the qur ` an , you can have one word that for instance fits with two different scientific beliefs which are a millennia apart . 
  beauty is subjective , and the argumentation about the ` miracle of quran ' is completely circular . 
  in other words , only muslims see this as a miracle , to everyone else it is completely evident it is circular reasoning . 
   and where may i ask does islam suggest this ? 
  sure , it does so by suggesting that there is a literal text in classical arabic in heaven that is the quran . 
  i already said this . 
   the qur ` an still does n't go into any literary form that is in arabic if every novel literary form was a miracle we 'd have * a lot * of prophets walking around us today . 
   it does n't need to describe perfect reality no , but it should be * capable * of doing so , or else it is a * fallible * human language . 
  yeah !, 
  nuance is for nerds !, 
  i was n't really talking about how it is impossible to backtrack and gain acces to the knowledge , even though the original language is now ` dead ' . 
  the problem lies even deeper , in that a language is a tool created by humans : it was n't given to us by god directly , though islam suggests it does : how else is it possible to have a text in classical arabic in heaven ? 
  be we have proof arabic is man-made and therefore inherently * profane * , which makes it impossible to describe perfect reality : you can only do that with a perfect/divine/sacred language . 
  the only case i can think of this quickly of a language like that is * dovah * or other magical languages in fantasy . 
  i ca n't really disagree with that , abrahimics do have a certain familial resemblence . . 
  i do n't think popol vuh belongs in that list though , texts like that give way to all kinds of * different * kinds of craziness , hehe . 
   y' all ai n't met pat robertson , have you ? 
  not in person , and i doubt you have . 
   or anyone at all from the afrcan church there is no such thing as ` the african church ' , there are however numerous different african indigenous churches . 
  some are more influenced by evangelical pentacostalism ( the movement you are broadly trying to refer to ) , while other are lutheran or ` offshoots ' of the anglican church . 
   denominational schism ( protestant/catholic/orthodox ) runs deep and denies the very existence of common ground on important issues . 
  deep , but not to the bottom . 
  if it were to the bottom , it would not be christianity anymore . 
  in other words , there are certain commonalities ( i.e. 
  common ground on important issues ) between the different denominations , and this is one of them . 
  the divinity of jesus is another . 
  wether christ was born god or became god later is an example of a * difference * ( theotokos vs christotokos i.e. 
  maria births either god or the christened one ) . 
  anyway , what i 'm getting at is that before any denominational splits the way how to broadly deal with the texts was already resolved : something akin to how jews looked at text , with a little greek ` flavour ' to it if you will .
