  i am not sure you understand how contracts work : contract are n't just between 2 people , there is always a third party , in case of marriage the state , that enforces the contract . 
  without this third party backing up the contract , the contract is void of any legal standing . 
  it is just a piece of paper with ` intentions . ', 
  exactly . 
  so the state is an integral part of it . 
  thanks for finally being on the same page !, 
  ... and who do you think * ratifies that contract ? 
  * the state . 
  without the state , a marriage is not a marriage , just a relationship . 
   legally speaking  legally you are contradicting yourself bud . 
  i do n't think muslims are pushing for these laws that allow polygamy , i suspect that they are actually very much trying to keep it on the down low so that people wo n't know . 
   marriage is mainly a simple contract between two people . 
  it fundamentally is n't . 
  a relationship between two people becomes a state affair the second they marry : marrying in of itself involves the state in the relationship in some way . 
  usually more for legal protection and special treatment etc. 
  and not for survaillance of othe meddlings by the state , * but every marriage is fundamentally an affair in which the state is involved . 
  * really , it is pretty much the very definition of marraige : a relationship between ( in europe two ) people that * has been recognized by the state . 
  * it is like saying a will is only a personal/familial issue . 
  no it is not , in fact , the very reason it is a will and not just a list of preferences is * because the state is involved . 
  * a marriage without government involvement in any way is not a marirage at all , just a regular old relationship . 
   it 's a contract  you do n't change them depending on the current location why not ? 
  why is marriage different in that regard ? 
  are you just confused on the whole basis of nation-bound laws in the first place or something ? 
  ` contracts ' * are * different in countries . 
  if you want a contract that is a little bit different from the norms for whatever reason , they are free to work it out * within the bounds of the legal system they are now living in . 
  * marriage in essence is an affair in which the state is the third party . 
  without states , marriage becomes meaningless . 
  ergo , every marriage depends on the state/legal system it operates in . 
  that 's marriage basics really . 
  you seem to reason as if marirage is only between two private people , but it fundamentally is n't . 
  if you do n't want to involve the state , * then do n't marry * and continue to live together without a marriage * contract . 
  * very modern , and not illegal at all . 
  unless it is pedophilic ofcourse . 
  but it is also a product of immigrants sticking together in their communities : in the netherlands , there are almost no muslims in the rural area 's : but as soon as you get into the cities , this shoots up to about 20 % . 
  in rotterdam alone , the amount of non-westerners is 80 % . 
  so yeah , i do n't think it is n't weird for people to overestimate simply because people are bad at guessing and even worse at knowing a baseline . 
  west right ? 
   i 'm talking about danish . 
  thanks man !, 
   poor reading comprehension on your part . 
  that 's not very nice . 
   organised crime being behind the attacks rather than any kind of multi-culturalism . 
  both . 
   because it is a public show of force and a sign of religion invading the public space . 
  yeah , that 's the vibe i am getting from it as well . 
  it is a metaphysical attack on the secular sphere , so to speak . 
  well yeah , but the problem is that muslim ` prayer ' is also a set of movements and muttered/sung incantations . 
  clasping your hands together for a second or spacing out a bit ( christian / buddhist ` prayers ' ) is not something that will be disallowed in practice , that 's right . 
  the problem is the attention grabbing part of the muslim prayer routine . 
  i can get why it would make other students uncomfortable to have a few classmates doing a weird standing/sitting/bowing / chanting routine multiple times a day . 
  i think people are justified in feeling that this seems to be claiming the space as a temple for your faith in soem way , even though it is supposed to be * secular space . 
  * a concept that is very alien to islam , mind you . 
  why does she wear a headscarf then ? 
   danish does n't use ridiculous vowels a million times in a row like ` naam ' or ` waar ' or ` een ' ... ridiculous ? 
  you are supposed to pronounce them differently from single letters , it is an easy visual distinction while in english it is completely dependant on the context . 
  additionally , english is just more limited in it 's vowels , while we just have more different sounds ( like ou , ui , au ) that are * more or less * vowels in their own right instead of just composites . 
   the only problem is how it just does n't match the pronunciation . 
  . . but it generally does ? 
  genuinely confused here . 
  lastly , we do n't have the weird bubbles/stripe things in our letters , just regular old roman script . 
  danish is way weirder than dutch when compared to german , english or even spanish and french . 
   cancer is no joke you 're telling that to a dutchie of all people . 
  that 's cancersilly in my opinion . . 
   i do n't get why many european women go to arab countries to work as prostitutes er , this is the first i 've heard of it . 
  might not be a very ` pan-european ' thing . 
  but really , why would a dutch woman who wants be be a prostitute for easy money go to * the middle east * of all places ? 
  it is like a farmer in kansas deciding he wants to grow corn in the himalaya 's . 
   they might be pussyfooting around behind the scenes that 's typical for dutch international politics . 
  we ca n't openly muscle around like china , russia or the us . 
  all the mobilization has to be done behind the scene . 
   during soviet times population of eastern europe grew . 
  post-war boom shared with other western european countries . 
  it makes more sense to compare the extent of the growth in east compared to west , as post-war population booms are to be expected even in feudal medieval times . 
  i do n't think it is ` genuine respect for cleverness ' as it is ` being wary of their sly machinations . ', 
   you do n't understand that two 45 year old non related people have the same genetic risk as two first cousin all right , i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  define ` genetic risk ' . 
  i do n't think you understand what it means exactly , as you are conflating two things . 
  older women giving birth does give rise to * birth defects * it does n't necesarily rise the level of * genetic risk . 
  * genetic defects are another thing entirely . 
  only radiation and other special circumstances might do something to that , merely growing old does not . 
  children from ` old ' parents might be at a slightly improved risk , but they do n't pass this risk on . 
  therefore it is not appropriate to refer to this as ` genetic defect/risk ' . 
  additionally , the risk of first cousin marriage on children is severely overestimated , it only starts to get bad when it happens consecutively and in a ` contained ' socio-genetic environment , like the often referred to ` european royalty . ', 
  really , you are mixing two completely different things up , which is ok , were it not that you actively revel in your lack of knowledge and are being an insecure asshole about it . 
   you are uneducated clearly . 
  lol . 
   pease stop dude . 
  it 's bad lll you should take your own advice , ` dude ' . 
  so , er , why not increase the habitat ? 
   if you 're opposed you are n't educated . 
  nice sweeping generalization . 
   ca n't physically produce offspring . 
  older males most definitely can . 
   elderly animals reproduce and introduce genetic defects that 's not how this works really . 
  no long lasting genetics defects are introduced this way . 
   culling of elderly animals is standard conservationist technique i do n't think it is a very good technique then . 
  killing older males of herd animal populations has frequently been linked to aggressive behaviour by younger males , not only towards humans , but towards their peers as well . 
  ask africans and indians in area 's were the oldest most ivory rich males get poached , they can tell you horror stories of marauding elephants . 
  honestly , the whole reasoning seems like the reasoning of a layperson . 
  it makes sense only in a very basic sense : old = useless/bad -  kill .
