  admittedly you * were * the ` worst ' though . 
  or ` best ' . 
   because the netherlands were part of the so called coalition of the willing too i am not my government though , so not my bias , as i disapproved as well . 
  surprised you of all people do n't know this belgium , having extensive experience of not being represented by a government ... , 
   it 's hard to lose a war on your own territory just means you will be all the more devestated when you do lose !, 
   well shit , that seems to suck . 
  well , i would agree with the opposite . 
  why celebrate your failed businesses ? 
  you probably did n't think them through well enough if you failed . 
  the youth of america still plays nazi-shooters though ... 
   the u.s. does n't tend to hold grudges in regards to military conflicts . 
  that 's because you either win them and/or the devestation does n't come to your country . 
  i bet this attitude would evaporate the second the usa loses a war against a foreign aggressor on american soil . 
   continental europe still has n't forgiven us for iraq . 
  i speak for mostly for myself ofcourse , but i do n't really think that is accurate : there was never * that * much outrage to begin with and i have n't heard people mentioning it past couple of years . 
  the uk being a bit of a bitch about the eu is the reason for most dislike towards the british . 
  jezus christ , are n't you being rude . 
   for the 3rd time . 
  you wrote :  there were 73,000 american soldiers involved , and 83,000 british . 
   the source said :  the total number of troops landed on d-day was around 130,000 [ 22 ] -- 156,000 [ 23 ] roughly half american and the other from the commonwealth realms . 
   see ? 
  73.000 +83.000 = 156.000 156.000 / 2 = 78.000 so the source said that there were around 78.000 americans , give or take a few thousand , and about as much british forces , 78.000 , again give or take a few thousand . 
  for example , it could be 73.000 british and 83.000 americans . 
  or the other way around ofcourse . 
  point is , you are n't ` catching him in a lie ' . 
  the text you quote from the source validates most of the more precise numbers he has given . 
  in any case , it in no way disproves it . 
  so what the hell is your point exactly , cause i fail to see it , honestly . 
   how is pointing out that d-day was n't mainly an american operation ( which it was n't ) `` belittling '' americas contributions ? 
  you tried explaining it too him patiently , but he wo n't listen . 
  he either wo n't ever get it , or just does n't want to admit that he feels butthurt over america sharing first place with anyone else : to him that is sadly an attack on his national identity or something . 
  kudo 's for trying though !, 
  how come ? 
  racist when compared to what ? 
  i think you conflate dislike and annoyance with actual hatred and racism . 
  it was a tiny event no one would 've known about unless two idiots would attack it . 
  now it is big news . 
  what makes you think that ? 
   many would be deeply offended and some would definitely question if free speech would protect something so offensive . 
  would that be fair ? 
  my prediction : there will be a lot of grumbling , people will take it to court , the courts will give the organizers a very stern look and then proceed to tell them that they ca n't stop it as it is . 
  at the even itself two anarchist hippies will break inside and shout how it is racism , but they will be escorted outside by security . 
  they will get a fine for disrupting the peace , and people will say how they think these two should n't have been fined . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one will be killed however . 
  it is not just images , but images of * living things * that are forbidden . 
  the moon is an inanimate object , and therefore you can make an image out of it . 
  also note that ` no images of living things ' has n't always been true in all of islam , iran ( shia islam ) has a history of depicting living creatures , and even [ mohammed ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b5/miraj_by_sultan_muhammad.jpg ) himself . 
  that 's a difficult question , for one because these cultures were n't simply displaced in a couple of decades : they were changed , sure , but a lot of indigenous pre-christian culture has been taken over by christianity . 
  even so , christianity itself became heavily influenced by europe 's pre-existing cultures ; non-european chirstianity has all but died out or came under muslim rule . 
  all the big christianities like catholicism , the various protestant churches and even the eastern orthodox churches became distinctly european . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that ` western culture ' , though * building * heavily on greaco-romani culture in it 's ` upper levels ' of science and philosphy is about an equal part ` native european ' , especially in language and expressions , for instance . 
  as for explicit knowledge of these cultures we must often rely on romans , as they recorded , where my saxon ancestors of the time did not . 
  i could give you a couple of names ( saxons , batavians , longobard , celts , vandals , goths , etc. 
  ) , but i 'd like to stress that these are n't exactly ` pre-western ' cultures , there are an integral part of our western history and culture . 
  cultures that also have ties to ( north - ) indian cultures : thor ( donar ) and indra are basically the same gods , with a defeating-a-dragon-story that is echoed in the much later st. george and the dragon . 
  but that connection is another story . 
  they were kidnapping children , and we were n't . 
  that 's the difference . 
  using ` intentions ' as your defence is incredibly weak , i hope you realize that . 
  treaties they signed under * pressure of genocide * , you forgot to add . 
  in my mind that kind of voids the treaty , or at least opens it up for re-negotiations when the group is n't being genocided . 
  that 's because it was * ethnic cleansing , * not * genocide . 
  * there is a difference . 
  no , it has to do with actual literal meaning of a genocide . 
  a genocide is n't just ` we came in a killed a bunch op people ' , but it is a deliberate attempt to completely destroy an ethnic minority . 
  just brutality is n't enough for it to be a genocide , there also has to be an attempt to brainwash the children of the affected group and impose birth control practices on the affected group . 
  that 's why the rohingya , which is recognized as the most prosecuted group in the world , is n't literally experiencing a genocide : the birmese government does n't try to kidnap the children of the rohingya and raise them in buddhist homes or anythign like that , so it is not a genocide . 
  as for aceh adn the police actions , these last factors were missing as well . 
  ergo , no genocide , just ethnic cleansing . 
  which is bad enough in of itself , i might add . 
  ghetto , orignially , is just another name for a jewish quarter of a city . 
  depending on the city and country it is in , that could be poor or wealthy . 
  the word ` ghetto ' as a quarter of a city that is poor , rampant in crime , shitty apartment housing etc is a neologism . 
  a neologism that originated in america if i 'm correct . 
  so the guy is doubly wrong . 
   and indeed that would be true ( ordinary germans suffered massively in wwii ) but it would also be missing the point . 
  that 's the nail on the head right there . 
  we were n't talking about blaming immigrants : every country on the world has a part of the population/political parties who do that . 
  i do n't know any exceptions , really . 
  we * were * talking about blaming foreign governments supposedly intentionally and covertly conspiring and trying to destroy another nation . 
  i mean , it certainly * has * happened before , but turkey and russia have a bit of a persecution complex about it , amongst others that have been mentioned . 
  i would n't call it a whataboutism per s\u00e9 , i 'm just confused as to why you feel the need to spout this info , as it does n't change or even challange the main argument in any way . 
  every fucking genocide in history has had ` circumstances ' and ` context ' . 
  does n't change the point that it was a freaking genocide . 
   why does n't the world let turkey come to the conclusion on its own , as the european countries did ? 
  the netherlands only left indonesia after pressure from outside . 
  turkey is not going to acknowledge it on it 's own as well . 
  that 's why pressure . 
  your reading of history is very skewed in favour of a hollow argument . 
  either that or you just are n't knowledgeable about the dutch-indonesian colonial relations anyway . 
  if that is the case , just admit that instead of tailoring an argument based on nothing but your assumptions . 
  no shame in not knowing all the history of the world . 
  why would any world-hegemony even need to do that ? 
  it has already been admitted by the british . 
  or other colonialist european countries , including mine . 
  indonesia is one of the main topics of history in our schools . 
  and we are thought we were * wrong * . 
  turkey did n't nor does n't . 
  that 's the difference . 
   be honest with me .
