  theyt are most likely 2nd/3rd generation turks , by the looks and sounds of them . 
  i get that a lot of countries call us ` holland ' or a variation of that , and i 'm not offended by it , but honestly it is just plain incorrect . 
  it would be like us calling denmark -  sjaelland , where the sjaellanders live who speak sjaellands . 
  `` you are from aarhus ? 
  oh , you mean you are a sjaellander ! '', 
  it is just silly really . 
  i would be embarassed about a misnomer like this , and i would change it to a more appropriate name , like denemarken where denen live who speak deens . 
  i also just do n't really understand how this misnomer became * this * succesfull , as ` holland ' or a variation thereof has * never * been the official name for the whole country , only ever for the province . 
  it was always a variation of ` netherlands ' or a more american-style ` united provinces ' or even ` batavian republic ' when we got weird ( er ) . 
  all in all it does have a feel of people talking * about * you rather than * to * you , even though i know it is not intended . 
  i implicitly always assume people from countries where they call us ` holland ' just do n't have the best idea of what kind of people we actually are . 
  i think it would be for everyone 's benefit to correct it , but people do n't really care enough ( except on reddit to a certain degree ) , and neither do i. 
  but i ca n't deny it is a * little * bit ` othering ' to be referred to as a ` hollander ' while i have never lived there . 
  edit : downvoted already ? 
  really ? 
  i did n't know i was being insulting or something ? 
   frisian closer to dutch yes , very much so , it is officially still a distinct language ofcourse , but honestly there are ` dutch/flemish ' accents that are even less understandable than frisian . 
  welsh and english are * less * alike ( in writing ) for example , but same-ishly different in spoken word . 
  like a someone had a specific language stroke ( no offense to any welsh , i think it sounds lovely if you are n't trying to hear english ) . 
  it is no surpise that * all * the high scoring non-native speakers are n't dubbing countries , the only anomaly being habsburg-land , which to my knowledge , dubs in german . 
  oh , and belgium because they have a half frenchie population who probably only watches french dubs , which is why they score so much lower than you 'd otherwise expect . 
  brit : so , what do you do for a living ? 
  dutchie : i fok horses . 
  brit : pardon ? 
  dutchie : yes , paarden !, 
  they disposed of those statues asap . 
  same with the stalinesque statues in former ` eastblock ' . 
  the statue we are talking about has been there since forever , which makes it a completely different situation : rhodes himself has been dead for over a century , not years . 
  pretty much all people from that time period were , according to modern standards , assholes . 
  why make an exception for this guy ? 
  ` not putting up new statues ' is different from ` removing century old ones ' though . 
  little bit late though , in the case of cape town . 
  skewed comparison . 
  the czech always say that , but their beers are nothing special compared to the belgian and german beers . 
  hakmes in het nederlands , btw . 
   ` you have no clue what you 're speaking about ' zijn je manieren misschien gejat door je gangstermaatjes ? 
  i think you missed the sentences before that , that point in the direction of the cheese being headed for russia . 
  while that does n't give a smoking gun exactly , it does suggest that it was eastern european crime syndicates , as dutch crime synidcates have little direct connection to russia . 
  at the time , based on similar baffling crimes ( copper thieves for one ) in recent history and such , bulgarian gangsters are the most likely suspect . 
  it was n't a native/entrenched crime syndicate like the turkish maffia or dutch bikers though , those would be very unlikely : too busy with lucrative drugs to worry about small stuff like cheese . 
  not that many other options , are there ? 
  no significant yakuza , italian/jewish maffia or chinese triad presence . 
  only other option i can think of is african ( moroccan ) gangsters who would ship it to africa , but i do n't know of any african cheese shortages and african markets do n't have that much pull here anyway as a rule . 
  feel free to come up with any other option , i ca n't think of any though . 
   all insults sound a 10x worse in mandarin and 100x worse in cantonese not surprising considering these are one of the few languages in the world ` uglier ' than my own . 
  geraffes are so dumb . 
  so in other words , portugal was like tropico under el presidente and his trusty lackey penultimo ? 
  oh so * actual * trash ? 
  i thought it was chinese people being a little bit racist ( again ) . 
  i believe you might be mixing up the wars , the dutch did not participate in the first one . 
  i know perfectly well what i would yell if i saw a fire , thank you very much !, 
  a plane from schiphol airport departs with only belgians on board , and one dutchmen . 
  about halfway through there is engine failure . 
  the pilot walks out of the cockpit and yells that they have to lose weight * fast * or they will crash into a mountain . 
  the dutchmen suggest dropping off all the luggage and merchandise . 
  all the belgians are excited about this brilliant idea , and they applaud . 
  so it is done . 
  the pilot walks back out though , insisting it is n't enough . 
  so , the dutchmen suggests dropping the floor of the plane : they wo n't need it if they are dead anyway . 
  the belgians applaud this brilliant plan yet again . 
  just a minute later the pilot swings out of the cockpit much like a monkey , looks at all the passengers holding on to the ceiling , and confesses : there is still a little too much weight ; we need one person to sacrifice himself so the rest of us can live . 
  the dutchmen volunteers himself , as he is the odd one out anyway : ` it truly was a pleasure to fly with you all , but now i have to go . ', 
  all the belgians applaud him one final time . . 
  kinda funny to see this joke here , as i heard that the ` original ' is from an englishmen joking about the netherlands . 
  a dutchmen walks along the * grachten * of amsterdam . 
  he suddenly notices a tourist kneeling down by the water , scooping up some water with his hand and drinking it down . 
  the dutchman is shocked to see this happening , and he walks towards the tourist shouting : ` you should n't do that man , it is very unhealthy and might make you very sick ! ', 
  the tourist looks up befuddled and says : ` was sagst du ? ', 
  what are you saying ? 
  and ` you have to use both hands , that 's faster ' in somewhat clunky german ), 
  well , to be fair : ` you guys are dumb lel ' is on a whole different level from ` you guys eat puke ! ' . 
  i always thought belgians had a better sense of humour than dutchmen , who are often a bit too crass . 
  this thread is proving otherwise . 
  he would 've yelled ` vuur ' . 
   dens are those the wildlings who are cannibals ? 
  i always mix them tribes up . . 
  you should invest in eastern poland . 
  someday your kids will say : ` why did n't you invest in eastern poland ? ', 
  oh my , that is a very nice mountain indeed !, 
  i do n't mind that this is our only one , not if it is as nice as this one . 
  would make a lovely evil hideout . 
   but that should not be involved in whether i can have a job or not . 
  have n't you read the article ? 
  it explicitly states that simple bmi was n't enough , * which is why this new law was made which made it a judgement by the doctor . 
  * the situation you are describing is not applicable : you probably would be fine to be a model , at least , you wo n't be barred on basis of your weight , as far as i can tell . 
  you would be barred on basis of your face !, 
  ^ ^ sorry , ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ resist , ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ sure ^ ^ you ^ ^ are ^ ^ actually ^ ^ lovely !, 
  as someone of the same weight but 20cm less : you seem like a bit of a twig though , based on that info alone . 
  your superiors where using the tools they were given wrongly then . 
  the tool itself is n't bad ; bmi is a very good tool , way better than what we had before . 
  thing is , people do n't realize that you * can * use it wrong : but when it comes to hammers , suddenly everyone concedes that you can use it in a way that would hurt yourself . 
  bmi is like any other tool , in unskilled hands it is more of a problem than an asset . 
  oh , you are actually being serious ? 
  nevermind then . 
  haha , you really are a good joke-account . 
  that 's a very putinesque argument . 
  thing is , we ca n't just pretend it * did n't * happen : it did , and someone is to blame . 
  i 'm not aware of any final conlcusion with a ` smoking gun ' , but all the evidence is pointing in the direction of the russian rebel forces . 
  either that or aliens , so i 'm betting on the rebels . 
  deos n't mean that you should believe a single thing the man says .
