  why change this dioscours when it comes to evolution ? 
   i really ca n't bring myself to agree with the claim that anything `` natural '' would naturally mean that it is not caused by god maybe not to you ( ? 
  ) , but i used it in a scientific context which makes it pretty explicit that no transcendent power is assumed in nature at all , and even if it * is * part of it is non-detectable and therefore irrelevant . 
  pretty much part of the definition of that word in this context , is n't it ? 
  ** edit : **  you do not seem to be `` playing the devil 's advocate '' , but rather a regular advocate . 
  what do you mean ? 
  personally i 'd say it is due to protestantism being more grassroots and less top-down and therefore more prone to variety . 
   i 'd have thought we do n't have so much morons in europe . 
  then you 'll be pleased to know that the modern anti-science protestant dogma 's originate in america ; pentacostals !, 
  :p these are also the people that believe in faith healing , persecution of gay people ( uganda ) and speaking in tongues . 
  it is the most popular form of protestantism in the world today , especially in developing countries . 
   usually christians hold god to be an entity that is wholly perfect , in which case all that are natural would still be contingent upon god . 
  yeah i know , i study religions , it is still not science and not evolution if you think that there is an intelligence behind it , no matter how perfect or embedded in nature * you think * it is . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  that 's just a part of it : the verifiable outcome . 
  in a same vein one could say that gravity is about stuff always falls down . 
  the theory of evolution is also about * how * this variety comes about : genetic variation and * natural * selection , as i 've said before . 
  not an intelligent process . 
  if someone believes it is an intelligent process , then they do n't believe in evolution , but in intelligent design . 
  they are n't compatible . 
  thank you for allowing me to explain myself and not jumping to conclusions . 
  as for your first question , i already quoted the relevant part ( did you miss this ) and i explained in another comment the reasoning behind it . 
  in short , he espouses intelligent design , which is incompatible with evolutionary theory . 
  the relevant party for the second bit is :  when asked whether the earth was created in a big bang , the new minister appeared to favour the biblical version of events . 
  `` i believe there is a creator god behind most things in the world , and how it was created is explained by the bible on the one hand and by science on the other , '' he said . 
  i admitted in another comment that i ca n't prove that he disproves the big bang , i worded that too stronlgy . 
  he actually artfully dodges it in a way that i encounter a lot ( i study religion and therefore religious people , you learn to read between the lines and the pay attention to the signal words that circulate in such a community ) . 
  so yeah , i ca n't prove it as i do not have him saying ` bb is crocks , bible rocks ' on record , but i am pretty sure he ` prefers the biblical narrative ' over the scientific reading . 
   it was a priest exactly , a catholic , this man is protestant . 
  there is a pretty big difference with how ` conservative ' protestantism of for example the usa and catholicism approach science . 
  catholicism , a later documented in nostra aetate , is not particularily hostile to science . 
   believing that god is the being behind it does not mean that one does not believe in evolution . 
  actually it does . 
  the whole point behind evolution is that there is no * intelligence * behind it , just variation ( due mutation etc. ), 
  and * natural * selection . 
  if there was * intelligence * behind it , the selection would not be natural . 
  it is different from saying that god was the creator of the theory of gravity , it would actually being like claiming that god is actively involved in the ` process ' of gravity ( bad choice of words , but i 'm not a native , sorry ) , which completely undermines the point of the theory . 
  gravity it is simply a matter of mass attracts mass : it is not a process that needs an outside intelligence interfering to make it work . 
  as for the big bang , i think he is not speaking his mind about it , it seems like he is dodging the question , with good reason if he is i admit . 
  but you are right , i do n't know enough of this man to 100 % proof that he does believe in it . 
   i think it 's disgusting . 
  i am certainly glad we agree on that , haha !, 
   what minister actually is an expert on his field ? 
  your own minister of health for one , which is a redeeming feature for her . 
   they do n't have to be experts in the field . 
  not * experts * , but a great deal of experience in the field ( not necessarily academic ) is a definite pr\u00e9 , as you * are * going to communicate with people who have their own scientific jargon on a daily basis . 
  denmark is winning !, 
  it is along the unofficial religious border between the protestant north and the catholic south . 
  only on the protestant side of the border though . 
  you see this a lot when two religions meet : on the line they meet religion becomes an even more important part of identity , especially for the religion that feels disadvantaged/disgruntled . 
  do n't forget that evolution is part of the curriculum , so even those schools that teach the biblical story legally also * must * teach evolution . 
  oh it * is * hard work , i know this from experience . 
  it is n't * science * though . 
  ( note that religious sciences also exist , which is somewhat scientific in it 's approach , as it studies religion as a phenomenon , from an outsider perspective : theology studies a single religion on it 's own terms ), 
  playing devil 's advocate ( hehe ) :  `` whether humans are descended from apes ( ... ) i think there is a creator god behind it . 
  how he has done it , i have n't considered too much , '' pretty obvious to me that this means that he is * not * on board with evolutionary theory and therefore you can definitely say he ` doubts darwin ' . 
  he also disapproves of the big bang theory . 
  yeah sure , he can still be a good minister , but it does n't really seem like he was made for the job , as most sceintist do believe in the big bang and evolution , and this man denies both . 
  not a young earth creationist , but you can say he is the danish equivalent of that . 
  he is not a real scientist though ( or someone who seems to have experience with practical science , like a lab technician for example ) . 
  honestly , i think he is a weirder fit than [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kzh1mma.jpg?1 ) minister of health ( belgium ) , she is a doctor at least . 
  also , he insist on calling black people ` negroes ' . 
  not related to science , but still not really a selling point for a minister in my book . 
  so it is a little bit like slavery , except not really . 
  yeah , that 's what we call a hyperbole . 
  it * is * an invalid comparison . 
  even ` indentured servitude ' would be hyperbolic . 
  no one * actually owns * greece or it 's people , as you can clearly see by this referendum . 
  secondly , using a term like slavery completely dilutes the meaning of the word and is extremely disrespectfull to people that actually do live in slave conditions . 
  greece does n't . 
  we will talk again when the greeks are deported to factories all over europe , in chains , and then i will admit they are really being enslaved . 
   do n't forget that netherlands is bottomless pit too . 
  come again ? 
  are you a failed comedian or what ? 
  it is not slavery . 
  that 's just populist hyperbole . 
   they seem `` nice '' today because they killed many undesirable genetics . 
  you sure you want to bring ` genetics ' into this ? 
  muslim third generation is still more likely to harass girls over here : fresh immigrants or refugees are just * even more * likely to . 
  turks are usually more ` chivalrous ' than the others though , i 'll give you that . 
  hmm , i do n't know , greece is pretty vital when it comes to uniting the orthodox church , though getting constantinople would be difficult . 
  this will give putin an immense bonus to prestige generation and conversion , also religious happines , which is usually pretty high to begin with . 
  going for religious ideas will make expansion in it 's neighbours territory very attractive , as russia will have a religious casus belli on almost all of them , even being able to easily convert the muslims . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the extra trade that can be directed to moscow by controlling the bosporus trade power . 
  greece is essential for this plan to work . 
  honestly , by the way you wrote it , i assumed you did n't know the name and just inserted [ generic name ] . 
  i had to look them up , as i could n't remember them being a political party . 
  for a second i wondered if they were maybe flemish , even . 
  i remembered something when i saw the name ` constant kusters ' though , as he has been interviewed maybe twice in my lifetime . 
  they used to be the nsb , better known as the wwii traitor party . 
  thing is , nvu does n't really exist anymore . 
  they have no seats , no one listens to them , they have no media presence whatsoever . 
  so i do n't think they belong on your list , as they are effectively dead . 
  really , the ` party for animals ' ( extremist vegan hippie party ) with it 's two seats is more influential in dutch thought and politics than this piece of shit has-been party . 
  so try and do n't give them more exposure on reddit than they 've had in * decades * , please . 
   [ dutch people 's union ] pvv . 
  partij voor vrijheid en democratie ( party of freedom and democracy ) . 
  this whole ` conf . 
  flag ' - discussion that has been going on the last few days is the most boring , meaningless public discussion i have ever witnessed . 
  it almost makes me ache for celebrity gossip .
