if you 've ever lived with living assistance ( toimeentulotuki ) , you quickly become familiar how taxing it is for you mentally . 
  you have to apply for it every month and you do n't know if it will be accepted or rejected , thus you end up worrying are you able to pay for your rent , food and other expenses . 
  if you earn too much or have n't spend all the money in your account , or have filled the form wrong , you wo n't get next months payment . 
  so you are not basically allowed to save any money or work small jobs . 
  it 's incredibly stressful and degrading situation to live in . 
  it 's not a system that encourages you to get back into work life . 
  workers and students do n't realize how good they have it . 
  the safety net is very generous for them . 
  honest question : do you consider it acceptable or even preferable to have people this rich in our economy ? 
  if we go back in time to my childhood , figures like this would have been considered to be abominable and a clear sign of failure of the economic system to distribute wealth fairly . 
  i really really do n't get it why reddit admins are so attached to this idea of default subreddits . 
  when you conspire people to socialize in groups based on top to bottom decisions , you 'll always get bad results . 
  it goes completely against the idea of reddit being a forum moderated by its users . 
  if there only were some small country that would lead us by example ... 
  i really like the blatant symbolism in # 8 and the contempt the artist holds for putin . 
  the social stigma is not as bad as it used to be . 
  even my dad came out saying maybe mild drugs should be legalized . 
  and before he considered me a radical for having such opinions . 
  they would also have the biggest influence relative to their their size and get six meps . 
  that would be about sixteen times more meps per citizen than germany . 
  to add to that , the world hegemon has changed before and there 's no reason why it would n't change again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world-systems_theory the us has many internal problems from ecological to social disasters happening in slow motion . 
  california is experiencing one of its worst draught ever and it 's only going to get worse , state that every other state is dependant on in food production . 
  much of the south of the state uses water sources that are non-renewable . 
  the growing income gap and every man on its own thinking is leading the march towards social disintegration . 
  most americans are completely delusional of realities of our world , from denying climate change to actively fighting for policies that are non-favourable to themselves . 
  and western europe is following suite , it 's part of the same core countries that are benefiting from worker countries . 
  you have it wrong , not voting is a wasted vote , protest vote is not wasted . 
  because the european left is mostly humanitarian and intellectual movement that is concerned about the well being of people and preventing climate change , when the nationalists want to shut down borders , keep niggers out and rewind the clock before globalization happened . 
  the reason why people are wary of the far-right , is that we do n't want nazi-germany all over again . 
  the left just wants to make europe into 80 's sweden . 
  that 's true . 
  one lead to russian annexation , the second lead to russian puppet regime . 
  i 'm sure the people of crimea were not pressured in any way with tanks at every corner . 
  i had no idea that was n't real . 
  now what are we supposed to bitch about to point out trivial shit eu regulates ? 
  it still heavily favours the two old parties . 
  just comes to show how dissatisfied people are with the current parties . 
  really shame that ld 's attempts at electoral reform have been shot down . 
  the current three party situation wo n't last forever . 
  at least in finland parties do n't decide the list order , instead it 's decided by which candidates get the most votes ( though personally i 'm not convinced that 's a good thing since it encourages celebrity candidates ) also nothing is stopping you from running as independent candidate outside of parties . 
  but it 's probably true that parties are more tighter in mmp , but i do n't see that as a bad thing . 
  after all you are not representing yourself but a group of people and maybe one ideology . 
  with parties voters have more control over what they vote for . 
  even if all mps were independent , the fact remains that they still have to make compromises at some level , that 's what democracy is . 
  parties make those compromises more obvious to voters . 
  here 's proportional representation explained in comparison to fptp ( uk system ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu, 
  pmq is just a small part of the whole system . 
  you have de facto two-party system and the only reason to defend that is some foolish nationalist pride . 
  multi-party system is just hands down better form of democracy . 
  i do n't think gay marriage is that big political issue here . 
  i 'd imagine most people think it 's going to happen eventually anyway so it 's kind of moot point to put effort into it . 
  i kind of miss bush . 
  at least he was obviously just an evil man of the oil industry that everyone hated . 
  there was no question about it . 
  obama is a lot more well-spoken and sly . 
  he seems rational and understanding and yet his actions are just as bad as bush 's . 
  greece seems to have lots of opinions on german overall ... 
  itt everyone acts like a fucking five year old . 
  nude calendar in itself is not sexist , it is sexual but that does n't make it sexist . 
  nude calendar in cultural context can be sexist . 
  it can feed on sexist attitudes . 
  to determine that you have to look into russian culture and its gender roles . 
  that takes a bit more effort than just blurt a few idiotic lines on reddit . 
  in spoken language you could also say : kuusi kuusi palaa palaa palavana, 
  i 'll just assume you are trolling because i refuse to accept anyone can be that stupid . 
  sucks when that happens . 
  the trash should n't be collected seperately if there is no infrastructure to handel that . 
  lots of people use that as an excuse not to recycle . 
  sadly this is true . 
  seven years ago the finnish right-wing party increased president 's salary by 20 % to 160 000 $ per year and now when their own party member is the ruling president , they lower it back to the level it was , making it seem like a great gesture of self-sacrifice . 
   but i am getting tired of all the `` x is not part of x '' discussions ... 
  yes !, 
  i really do n't mind if you think of finland as scandinavian country or not , but i 'm fed up hearing this same old argument . 
  people are too hang up on words . 
  that lonely and bitter was a stupid strawman , but so is your conception of feminists . 
  you can be feminist and anti-immigration . 
  oh look , it 's the lonely bitter men of reddit blaming feminism of all the world 's issues . 
  never seen that before . 
  why is it the americans and english that are outraged by this ? 
  you do n't even live here . 
  yes it 's a bit silly but they just tried to be considerate in easing their moving to finland . 
  nobody is forced to hide their cleavage . 
  just do n't go starting more wars in middle-east and we are good . 
   i 'm assuming it 's because they feel unsafe on their bicycle that sounds really condescending to me . 
  you do n't wear helmet to feel safe , but to minimize your injuries in case of accident . 
  the real reason people do n't wear helmet is because it looks kind of dorky and is inconvenient to carry around . 
  i 've fallen over once as a kid on icy road , hit my head on the ground and i was really lucky since i usually do n't wear helmet , but that time i did . 
  aww , poor helmboy . 
  so all the negatives of privately funded schools without actually being privately funded ? 
  yeah but let 's be real here , there 's plenty of jobs in finland that are not good enough for highly educated finnish youth . 
  and there 's plenty of jobs already that get shit pay ( shop clerks for example ) . 
  i can see the risk here but with the amount of asylum seekers finland takes in , that 's not something we ca n't handle . 
  no , it 's business . 
  technically he could but without doubt he will present the bill ( the equal marriage bill has already passed , this is about necessary changes to existing laws ) . 
  it was decided by the previous parliament and disrespecting their decision would be a direct attack on agreed practices , causing ps to lose any credibility it has managed to build . 
  to be fair sweden has a long history of having lax attitude towards gay relationships when it was illegal in many other countries . 
  but in general these issues of individual freedom have never been politicized here in the same manner they have been in america for instance . 
  instead our political discussion has always revolved around on questions of economic equality . 
  when drugs are some day decriminalized it 's not going to be as a result of big political debate but something that happens as a result of consensus , more or less .
