  the attitude towards drugs here is draconian . 
  sure , you know better than me which political philosophy i subscribe to . 
  i sort of first liked arguing with you , but now - nope . 
  yeah . . 
  i 'm anarchist . 
  you are totally on the money preaching to me about conformity and how things could be better . 
  yes , there are lots of things wrong with our school system . 
  i 've myself suffered along with many others from the too structured school setting that is used . 
  but that is no reason to get bitter and start imposing segregation based on some evaluated `` giftedness '' . 
  you can pick out the worst kid in class , drown them in encouragement and belief in themselves and i guarantee that in next test that kid 's going to perform as top of their class . 
  what you want is selfishness . 
  you are like the living stereotype of that self-centred american with bloated sense of importance and disregard for others . 
  edit : i apologize if i 'm being abusive with that last part . 
  hurting your or anyone 's feelings is not my intention but sometimes i make mistakes . 
  yes i 'm perfectly content getting free education and academic degree in a world where some people barely get the opportunity to learn to read . 
  i guess i never developed that fine sense of entitlement that kids in mentally gifted programs develop . 
  the fact that there are things to better , does n't mean i should act like ungrateful brat . 
  sorry to hear that our system is not enough for your special snowflakes . 
   a study from gabriel heller sahlgren , director of research at the centre for market reform of education yeah right . 
  that 's a real study and not just right wing think tank forcing their political agenda . 
   andreas schleicher , the oecd 's director of education and the creator of the pisa tests , rejects this analysis . 
   `` in the 1960s , finland was an average performer at best and that was when it had a very traditional education system , '' says mr schleicher . 
   `` finland changed its system only in the late 1970s and 1980s and that 's when we saw the results rise . 
  the most recent decline is quite modest , '' he said . 
  the strength of finnish school system is just low inequality . 
  i do n't think the schooling itself is anything special . 
  did you inform them yourself or did they figure it out themselves ? 
  that i 'm going to vote someone else ? 
  did you mean : eesti * kan inte * i nordik ? 
  what we do know is that austerity was the medicine that kept the system the same . 
  it was band-aid to a bleeding wound and now we pretend for a few years like there 's no problem . 
  it 's a power grab by small elite . 
  i do n't know how we europeans can even call our system a democracy any more when there is but one unpleasant solution to every problem . 
  so ... typical academic ? 
  the good thing is that ideas do n't go away even when one person fails to execute on them . 
  i would n't mind if whole of europe would just change to utc +1 . 
  and drop dst . 
  very . 
  it 's just unfortunate we never get to use any swedish . 
  not only that , once euroskeptics get in power , they make up excuses and end up favouring pro-eu politics . 
  it 's just populism without roots in reality . 
  nationalism just does n't have the push any more , especially when it 's just the politically correct way to be openly racist these days . 
  the only other option is to see a new french revolution and nation states as they currently are to cease to exist and something more democratic to take their place , but going back in time to independent nation states is a pipe dream . 
  as a kid i remember running around in forests all the time . 
  now after living in a city for my adult life i 'm scared shitless of bears jumping out to eat me while visiting a forest . 
  i do n't understand how those examples relate to this discussion ? 
  you can always lay out examples of extremists ( i did n't fact check those examples , but for arguments sake let 's say you are right ) . 
  you can pick out extreme stalinists who want to build socialist society with force and violence , but it does n't mean those views have anything to do with the sort of socialism i 'm in favour of . 
  well said . 
  when it comes to gender issues , people could definitely use more understanding and less picking sides . 
  when you start talking about `` lunatic feminism '' or `` sjws '' in pejorative manner you 've already picked a side . 
  excellent point and i doubt we 'll see full legalization in europe any time soon , we are not as gun-ho about free markets as america . 
  but decriminalization is very real possibility in all of europe . 
  i think europeans generally recognize that the free market is imperfect system , but we are not that interested in looking for alternatives either so we opt for a compromise . 
  drugs are probably the most addictive substance there is , but we fail to recognize how entertainment , porn , sugar or coffee can be just as addictive and the free market is there to take advantage of it . 
  we are in the business of minimizing damages , but socially imprisoned people are still going to look for ways to escape the grim reality they inhabit . 
  when a person is basically a slave , living only to make ends meet , they spend their time fantasizing about being free . 
  maybe tv shows and games are n't immediately as harmful but they can play a part in slowly carving us hollow from inside out just as drugs do . 
  also i think there is a case to be made that using psychedelics in the right frame of mind can even work as a tool to get rid of addictions . 
  they have the potential to free and empower . 
  so how difficult would it be to make nuclear weapons for civil-only nuclear power countries ? 
  yeah man , you do n't just talk with strangers . 
  you might as well be asking me to blow you . 
  of course if you did that i would have no choice but to do it , at that point you 've taken your penis out of your pants already , it would be kind of awkward not to . 
  but gosh , manners . 
  i do n't know about external stereotypes , but internally there tends to be a popular perception that we pamper people too much ( no buying alcohol after 21:00 ) , we conform to everything and naively follow treaties to the letter ( you can see [ this made fun of in iron sky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9n3noutaq ) ) . 
  i think there 's truth to every stereotype . 
  german being accused of nazism is exaggerated recognition that they are the most powerful state in europe ( minus nuclear weapons ) . 
  and the biggest states pose the biggest threat to world peace . 
  poland i like your attitude . 
  is rbk anti-putin news source ? 
  maybe it 's elaborate plan to sway finnish nato opinion in favour of it . 
  indeed . 
  seems like they are for democracy . 
  i have no idea what that says but if what you say is true , i was wrong !, 
  face value ? 
  i think the evidence is pretty comprehensive with the red frames , varoufakis denying it , the long middle finger video uploaded at the same date ` v ' for varoufakis was uploaded , the conference organizers admitting they collaborated with them . 
  the fact that if they went that ` meta ' it would n't be funny any more but just annoying . 
  i think you have to be paranoid to the level of conspiratorial to believe that the middle finger video is real . 
  and if it turns out i was wrong i 'll be happy to admit it . 
  turns out hitler was just a satirical character like colbert , nobody got it and he just made things worse when he tried to make the joke more obvious . 
  when you make a hoax there 's always going to be some people who refuse to believe the truth even when you come clean . 
  i 'm sure someone has made that observation before ... 
  being part of nato guarantees nothing . 
  we 'll just get dragged into the power struggle of two empires . 
  well they certainly do n't subscribe to democracy either . 
  that 's the one thing in reddit that always gets me in deepest trouble . 
  try criticizing or joking about americans and the majority always gets offended . 
  it does n't help that finnish sense of humor is very dry and sarcastic . 
  you know what , i do n't even care if it 's real or not . 
  the legend is more important than the facts . 
  people do shit like this constantly simply from the goodness of their heart and there 's no-one to photograph it usually . 
  i was certain to see everyone jumping on the bandwagon , i 'm glad to see reason still prevailing . 
  i 'm asking everyone , please do n't be on the wrong side of history . 
  this is not about freedom of speech , this is about proving that our western values are superior . 
  attitude like that is very dangerous to have . 
  how to destroy class solidarity among workers : 1 . 
  start propaganda about nearby non-democratic oil-rich countries . 
  press gets ad revenue . 
  start wars in said countries , weapon industry celebrates .
