  he 's not the guy who constantly judges good and evil . 
  protestant tradition dictates that 's mostly god 's job . 
  sint and piet are more like benevolent fairy tale figures . 
  kind of like the american santa clause . 
  over there it is a freaky devil . 
  i am sorry but i prefer zwarte piet , even if it is a little controversial . 
  tell that my right-wing nationalist facebook friends . 
  but this pretty much sums up how i feel . 
  this !, 
  i feel this way exactly . 
  the debate is not held in an adult way . 
  yeah , i have problems with that too . 
  ` tradional marriage ' was once a tradition in this country . 
  women were once being discriminated because it had always been that way . 
  even slavery was once treated that way . 
  thank god we have moved beyond that . 
  even if you believe zwarte piet should be here to stay , this argument can not be the reason . 
  i have no problem with adding some coloured pieten . 
  in fact , it will probably be more beneficial rather than dangerous to the survival of an otherwise awesome tradition . 
  i celebrate sinterklaas every year with both friends and family and i hope this tradition does n't die out because of its inability to adapt to the changing times . 
  sinterklaas has always shown a surprising adaptability so far . 
  if adding some different-coloured pieten besides the black ones and getting rid of lines like `` en al ben ik zwart als roet , ik meen het toch goed '' is too much too ask , the sinterklaas tradition is unfortunately doomed . 
  my mum works at a kindergarten . 
  some kids notice , both black and white , but there is not negative context to them . 
  jan decleir is a much grumpier sinterklaas than bram van der vlucht or stefan de walle here in the netherlands . 
  is this a catholic thing ? 
  how is that a recent thing ? 
  ` suddenly ? ', 
  i do n't know under what rock you have lived the past twenty years . 
  it returns every year . 
  honestly , i think the opposition is much broader than those 24 people who filed this lawsuit . 
  this debate is far from new . 
  i personally am fed up with this discussion being so polarized and emotional . 
  there is very little understanding on both sides . 
  if you do not remove the zwarte piet tradition entirely , the opponents are gon na be upset . 
  if you mix in some white or coloured pieten it is considered overblown political correctness . 
  there is just no civilized , adult debate about this . 
  and kids do n't even give a shit . 
  they are blind to colours to begin with . 
  racism comes from adults . 
  - grand duchy - wealthy - gas stops on your way to france or germany - schleck bros. - small - capital is also called luxembourg . 
  an important eu city besides brussels and strassbourg . 
  - one of the benelux three ( together with belgium and the netherlands ) - founding member of the eu - pm jean-claude juncker is a much respected politician in european circles . 
  split off of serbia in the year 2006 after independence vote . 
  go back further and it was part of yugoslavia . 
  name means ` black mountain ' . 
  capital city is podgorica . 
  one of the smallest countries in the former eastern block . 
  candidate for european union membership . 
  poland and bulgaria , congrats . 
  thanks . 
  there are many countries that arose from that region that used to be one . 
  i ca n't quite figure it all out . 
  those are still one country ? 
  there was a war there in the 90s . 
  that is pretty much it . 
  kinda ironic is n't it ? 
  same as with the freedom party , which is heavily influenced by the dansk folkeparti from what i understand . 
  the support for a right-wing government of conservatives and liberals was copied in the netherlands . 
  it collapsed after wilders pulled his support over budget cuts . 
  geert wilders , the leader of the freedom party , has been trying to do that . 
  some parties , like the front national have shown interest to work together . 
  both parties have even agreed on a shared campaign . 
  others , like ukip are kind of adamant about such cooperation . 
  we will see what will come from it . 
  not too much i hope . 
  over here it is no different . 
  the freedom party , who have become big buddies with the front national in recent months , are leading the national polls . 
  they won the dutch eu vote five years ago , and i would n't be surprised to see them win again next year if this trend continues . 
  i will not vote for them in a million years . 
  an island divided between a turkish and greek part . 
  the greek part is not really part of greece , though . 
  another one of those economically troubled nations in the medditerranean region . 
  capital is nicosia . 
  pretty and popular among tourists . 
  you are not alone then . 
  they work like horses and they do n't complain , even if they should . 
  polderman , a superhero who solves problems with the power of compromise and mutual respect between opposing parties . 
  he make take a while to get shit done , but in the end he always finds a way . 
  d\u00f6ner , gyros or shoarma or something like that . 
  if you mean something native dutch , everything from snack bars and automats will do . 
  kroket , frikandel , kipcorn , kaassoufl\u00e9 or anything like that are all great after a good night of excessive alcohol consumption . 
  i have never heard of a supermarket called hoogvliet either . 
  `` jupiler . 
  by our standards , most belgian beers are good . 
  jupiler is nice , but not the best as far as belgian brands go . 
  i have never heard of any of those . 
  sounds like a regular glass of heineken to me . 
  every word you say is true . 
  oettinger is unmistakable . 
  oettinger is lidl 's beer in the netherlands . 
  i can take a `` sch\u00fclti '' but oettinger is horse piss . 
  the boyfriend of a friend of mine actually likes this beer . 
  and he buys it all the goddamn time . 
  `` you fancy a beer dude '' `` sure do man '' aaaaaaand ... it 's oettinger . 
  dutch here and i have never seen it . 
  we ourselves have an irish red called murphy 's which is made by heineken and as a competitor to guinness . 
  i do n't believe it is sold in ireland . 
  i personally do not think $ 0,19 is worth it in the case of oettinger . 
  - bavaria , or as i like to call it `` sugar with some added beer '' .
