  `` d' r zit 'n boenksoenk in m 'n ` outvumme '' zeeuws ( zeelandic ) for `` there 's a ferret between my stack of logs '' `` doet m\u00e9n maar een bakkie pleu\u00e2h '' haags ( the hague ) for `` i 'd like a cup of coffee . '', 
  `` die gozer heb een tuintje op ze buik '' amsterdams for `` that guy has a garden on his belly '' , a eufemism for being dead and buried . 
  speaking of world wars , we quote your `` wir haben es nicht gewusst '' a lot . 
  with the ` bible belt ' we refer to the very strict groups , which are typically protestant in the netherlands . 
  they live mostly in zealand and parts of overijssel and south-holland . 
  the kind of people who believe vaccination is intoxication . 
  it 's basically the hippie types who subscribe to all kinds of bullshit , pseudo-scientific conspiracy theories about the pharmaceutical industry . 
  the back-to-nature type liberals are the other major group besides orthodox reformed christians that are widely known not to vaccinate their kids here in the netherlands . 
  basically ultra-conservative or ultra-hippies are the only ones who do not do it . 
  mountains . 
  i like mountains . 
  bitty !, 
  i do n't know what 's more disturbing to me , u2 's liberal use of the amsterdam tax loophole , which makes bono rather hypocritical , or our country 's government 's continued ineptitude to do something about it . 
  - banking crisis in 2008 . 
  - capital is reykjavik . 
  - the major of that city , jon gnar , is said to be hilarious and awesome . 
  - not very densely populated . 
  - geysers and volcanic activity . 
  - beautiful landscapes . 
  - famous for its government transparency and open internet laws . 
  there was a lot of media attention in the run-up to the elections . 
  germany is very important to the netherlands as it is our biggest trading partner . 
  a stable germany is beneficial to us . 
  because of that , i found it strange there was n't an all-night election broadcast with the latest exit polls and in-depth analysis like with the us elections last year . 
  the daily news magazine nieuwsuur was entirely focused on the elections , but that lasted only an hour or so . 
  strange , as germany is far more important to our economy than the us . 
  since when is joop.nl centrist . 
  it is rather left-leaning and progressive . 
  i guess so . 
  that is one thing i always noticed about germany : the ability to come to terms with the darker pages of its history books and instead be a pragmatic and succesful country . 
  depsite the past of the third reich and the gdr , germans have always been some of the most friendly , tolerant and welcoming people i have ever met . 
  i think that is probably because in east germany , the far left is not met with as much suspicion as in the west , even if the pds comes from more radical roots than the wasg . 
  many east germans still have a feeling of ` ostalgie ' . 
  they believe that some aspects of gdr society were not that bad and as such should not be dismissed so easily . 
  as such , other parties , or at least the spd , are more willing to work together with die linke than in western regions . 
  really ? 
  i hate brand . 
  it tastes like soap . 
  - the king adresses the nation to read out the budget plans of the government for the first time since his taking over from his mother in april . 
  budget cuts and increased taxes make up a large portion of the national budget . 
  opposition parties are critical . 
  - the more radical wings of dutch politics , represented by the socialist party on the left and freedom party on the right , held demonstrations in amsterdam and the hague respectively against these measures . 
  - the labour party goes into conversation with its members about the controversial move to give up its opposition to buying the joint strike fighter jet plane . 
  polls suggest all-time low approval ratings for the social democrats with less than 10 % of support for the party . 
  - no fracking in gas-rich areas . 
  locals hail decision . 
  i am pretty sure there is more to it . 
  after suffering two brutal dictatorships in the 20th century , extremist fringe parties are still considered dangerous by many germans . 
  with a system like this , you do not have to worry too much about a party like the npd winning any seats . 
  i like this much better than both the the us/uk system , which is downright unfair , and the party list proportional system we have , which makes rural areas completely underrepresented . 
  in the netherlands , if you ignore all mp candidates with amsterdam , the hague , utrecht or rotterdam behind their names , it becomes clear how heavily ignored some provinces are . 
  i understand the large cities are much more populous , but my own province of birth , zeeland , had only two candidates among hundreds to choose from across twenty parties . 
  patricularly the progressive parties , with which i identify , had like half of their candidates come from major cities . 
  i understand these parties are more powerful there , but its almost like they think there are no socialists in anything not in the top 10 largest municipalities . 
  at least in germany you can still vote for someone from your area you like , no matter your political beliefs . 
  most dutch beer is crap . 
  avoid heineken , amstel and bavaria . 
  instead , go with grolsch and hertog jan. 
  both are very nice . 
  there is a bible belt in the netherlands which stretches from the southwest to the midwestern parts of the country . 
  the christian democratic appeal ( cda ) , the dutch version of cdu/csu , has traditionally got a somewhat strong support there , or at least until recently . 
  they arent doing so well in recent years , however . 
  ( unlike their counterparts in germany ) . 
  the dutch bible belt does distinguish itself the most , however , by having a lot of supporters of the political reformed party ( sgp ) , a hardcore protestant party which is mostly a radical fringe group in the national parliament ( 3 out of 150 seats ) . 
  in the bible belt , though , they are a force to be reckoned with . 
  they represent the most socially conservative elements in dutch society . 
  these are the kind of guys that until recently would n't allow women on their election ballots and not even as party members until a few years ago . 
  they were forced by the european court of human rights to give up these policies , but the idea that women should ` remain at home ' is still part of official party ideology . 
  recently my hometown , which is home to one of the most ` liberal ' local sgp electorates , made the national news by nominating a woman as their leader in next year 's local elections . 
  this move was met with some disdain by the national party leadership . 
  hope this gives you an idea of just how bat shit crazy these guys are . 
  in some rural areas they have a lot of influence , even on those who dislike everything they stand for . 
  then there is the christian union , another small party that is less fiscally conservative than the other two and socially somewhat in between . 
  while they do have female elected officials , they still have some pretty scary positions on homosexuality , abortion , assisted suicide and a strong conservative christian love for israel . 
  they are practically the same on those issues as the sgp . 
  many social conservatives who find the sgp just a tad to extreme , such as evangelicals and the more moderate reformed groups , vote cu . 
  due to the proportional representative nature of our electoral system , none of these parties have majorities of their own on any level of government , so they are toned down by other groups they have to form coalitions with . 
  this makes these movements not nearly as powerful in most cases as the christian right is in the us bible belt . 
  basically christian democracy is a philospphy which is based on certain basic values of christianity rather than the literal biblical meaning . 
  in practice , it is a form of moderate , center-right conservatism that exists mostly in western europe and some parts of latin america . 
  i think this will change eventually . 
  back in the 90s the labour party here in the netherlands , which is like the spd , and the socialist party , which plays the same role as die linke in germany , had a pretty difficult relationship . 
  nowadays , the sp has become far less anti-everything and much more open to compromises . 
  this makes it a much more viable option for both left-leaning voters and an acceptable option for more moderately leftist parties to govern with . 
  they really have grown past their most radical roots . 
  i think this could happen with die linke as well , but not unless they get rid of their gdr ` ostalgie ' and purge the former stasi backbenchers from their ranks . 
  i am expecting a cdu/csu + spd coalition . 
  even if the christian democrats have a majority in the bundestag , it will be very slim and then there 's still no majority in the bundesrat . 
  i expect merkel to go for a coalition with another party . 
  the spd 's peer steinbrueck has said he does n't want to govern under merkel , but that 's probably just election rhetoric . 
  eventually , the spd will probably give in and make a grand coalition possible that has the support of a strong and stable majority in both houses . 
  in the unlikely event that this does not happen , merkel could possibly even resort to the greens . 
  i doubt that will happen , though . 
  not sure if i have seen it . 
  if i did , it has been a while . 
  i guess so . 
  i do n't know how it is in the uk , but from what i understand about the us is that they frequently merge or split constituencies to keep them roughly the same size, 
  thanks !, 
  both sound like good watches . 
  i like it a lot as well .
