  gained independence after the fall of the ussr . 
  capital is kiev . 
  known for the so-called orange revolution which overthrew the corrupt pro-russian president . 
  then followed a dispute between the new president and the pm if i recall correctly . 
  the latter , yulia timoshenko is now jailed . 
  still a lot of corruption on various levels . 
  one of the main political divides is the one between those who seek to strengthen the ties between kiev and the west and those who are pro-moscow . 
  home to chernobyl , the site of the nuclear disaster in the 80 's . 
  i remember visiting denmark as a kid . 
  the landscape is similar yet totally different at the same time . 
  what about cliffs . 
  you have those in denmark . 
  do n't you call that a fjord ? 
  i camped on top of a cliff when i was a kid . 
  i 'm pretty sure the bay was called a fjord . 
  one of the countries with the best living standards and one of the happiest people in the world . 
  high taxes and shop prices , but also cheap and high quality public services . 
  capital is copenhagen . 
  has a royal house . 
  great tv shows including the killing and borgen . 
  one of the nordic countries . 
  has fjords and viking history . 
  known for the danish cartoon controversy , where muslims got all crazy over a bunch of pictures of mohammed . 
  from what i understand , the danish are usually governed by coalitions formed around a left or right parliamentary block . 
  famous danes include nato general secretary anders fogh rasmussen and actor nicolai coster-waldau ( jaime lannister on game of thrones ) . 
  hamlet takes place in denmark , too . 
  and lego off course . 
  i like how she 's breaking god 's law by being a female minister . 
  located at the border of france and spain in the pyrenees . 
  has two heads of state ; a bisshop and the president of france . 
  capital is andorra la vella . 
  one of the smallest countries in the world . 
  i do not think it will be economically very profitable for both scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  if it is the desire of a strong majority of the scottish to secede , scotland should have the right , though . 
  as long as the scottish people are willing to accept any negative results secession might have , i am fine with it . 
  eu membership is fine with me as well . 
  believe me , i tried . 
  thanks !, 
  one of those countries that came to be after the yugoslav breakup . 
  a balkan country with belgrade as its capital . 
  i believe there was civil war there in 90s . 
  i seriously ca n't for the life of me figure out how all those former yugoslav republics relate to one another . 
  it is too fucking confusing . 
  someone please explain that whole 90s clusterfuck at the balkans to me . 
  i feel as dutch as i feel european as i feel a citizen of the world . 
  laurent is the bernhard or harry of belgium . 
  9 ) most racist holiday traditions . 
  so tell me belgians , are you guys gon na act as sentimental and retarded as we did on queen 's day ? 
  latest country to join the eu . 
  part of former yugoslavia . 
  economic troubles like many meditteranean nations , but the tourist industry is booming . 
  known for its beautiful beaches and picturesque medieval cities such as world-renowned dubrovnik , which featured in game of thrones as king 's landing . 
  home country of nikola tesla , a famous 20th century scientist . 
  capital is zagreb . 
  not sure if congratulations or condoleances . 
  seat of the catholic church and residence of the pope . 
  the smallest country on earth . 
  surrounded entirely by rome . 
  famous landmarks include st. peter 's basilica , the sistine chapel and st. peter 's square , which is also claimed by rome as territory . 
  a city state less than two square km in size . 
  one of the main tourist sites in europe and also its foremost religious site . 
  the next time you hear someone use the the name ` rome ' to identify the church , tell them the church is not seated in rome and not even in italy . 
  from what i read in the newspaper this morning , croatia is n't exactly cheering to join the eu and believed by many to be like greece or spain with the economic decline it curently faces . 
  let 's hope it will be different . 
  welcome , croatia . 
  frisian is an ethnic minority ? 
  i knew it . 
  i was really on the fence between germany , germany or perhaps even germany on this particular question . 
  it really depends . 
  in the northern countries , such as scandinavia , the benelux or germany , life is still good . 
  however the economic downturn , which is now the heaviest in the south , may also pull the north with it in one giant clusterfuck . 
  while the netherlands , where i live , is one of the least corrupt countries , the eu as a whole is very powerful and increasingly corrupt these days . 
  transparency and accountability is very difficult in such a large political body . 
  coroporations and lobbyists have an inceasingly strong hold on ` brussels ' . 
  i think that is dangerous to the eu itself and its people . 
  euroscpetics are on the rise , which i think is no answer either . 
  what it really needs is transparency and a more direct democracy . 
  still , the huge diversity in cultures , people , food and political movements is still fascinating and i think it will always be a strength rather than a weakness for our continent . 
  i consider myself a dutchman just as much as i consider myself a european . 
  go europe !, 
  i 'd say it still is an 8 the way it is right now , but it could become worse if we fail to work together in this century . 
  if that 's the case and the nationalists win , europe will regress into a shadow of its former glory in the coming decades . 
  the pvv and geert wilders will likely go all nuts over this . 
  was one of the last stalinist countries under dictator enver hoxha until the eighties . 
  albania was the only country within the warsaw pact that joined china after its ideological split with the soviets . 
  together with china , albania then left the military bloc led by the soviet union . 
  now a democracy but still one of europe 's poorer nations . 
  i believe there was a war in the 90 's there . 
  mountains , ski resorts , spas , clocks , neutrality , cern , knives , chocolates , cheese , banking secret , direct democracy traditions . 
  the flag is a square rather than a rectangular shape . 
  it is dark red with a white cross . 
  the pope has the swiss guard as his bodyguards . 
  the capital of switzerland in bern . 
  not a member of the european union . 
  official languages are german , french and i think italian as well . 
  woah this is really sad . 
  i have been in riga and it is considered an important landmark in the city . 
  interesting stuff . 
  i always thought it was bad harvest . 
  and i thought halloween , which stems from all hallow 's eve as far as i know , was catholic as all hallow 's day is a very important day in catholicism .
