  the greater part of the irish island . 
  once britsh territory . 
  now most of the emerald island is a seperate republic . 
  green and pretty , but rainy as well . 
  lots of redheads and some of the finest beers in the world . 
  widespread cultural heritage because other english-speaking countries , such as canada , the uk and the us have had many irish immigrants . 
  irish catholic holidays like halloween and st. patrick 's day are popular in many countries now . 
  one of the few relatively catholic nations in the northern part of europe . 
  the national symbol is the shamrock , a four-leaf clover . 
  the leprechaun is a famous mythological creature , with a pot of gold waiting at the end of a rainbow . 
  used to be really poor . 
  people once starved after a potato harvest failed and nobody seemed to think about catching the ever-abundant fish in the seas and the country 's many rivers and lakes . 
  once one of the booming economies in europe , but the financial crisis struck hard . 
  currently trying to get out of debt . 
  the situation does not seem as dire as in say , spain or greece , but there still a while to go . 
  nationalist catholics in northern ireland , one of the countries that form the uk , want to join with ireland , which has led to bloodshed between them and protestant unionists . 
  the irish and northern irish share many cultural characteristics between their countries . 
  the capital of ireland is dublin . 
  ahnuld , mountains and it used to be controversial for its high number of votes for the far right under haider . 
  that was before le pen , wilders etc. 
  had arisen as a political force in their respective countries . 
  similar to germany in how it is set up politically as a federal republic . 
  popular country for winter sports . 
  vienna is the capital . 
  forgot to mention this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pm-igyjn6e4&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player, 
  together with spain it makes up the peninsula of iberia . 
  extremely liberal on drugs . 
  has economic troubles at the moment , much like other southern european countries . 
  a strange language that is hard to follow . 
  once one of the main powers during the european colonial age , together with countries like spain , britain , the dutch republic and france . 
  vasco da gama is one of its famous explorers . 
  lisbon is its capital . 
  the country is very popular among tourists from northern european countries . 
  known for its excellent cuisine . 
  the northwestern part around istanbul is part of europe , the rest is asia . 
  one of the rising economic superpowers in the world , together with brazil , china , india etc. 
  strongly divided by pro-government muslims ( conservative ak party of pm erdogan ) and rigidly secular followers of the country 's namesake ataturk ( social democratic chp ) . 
  erdogan is controversial for his social conservatism but also popular due to his succesful economic policies . 
  smaller political blocks include nationalists and kurdish minority movements . 
  controversial for the denial of the armenian genocide . 
  turks are also important parts of western societies , such as germany , belgium and the netherlands . 
  belongs to the more liberal group of islamic nations . 
  an island in the meditteranean . 
  lots of tourism . 
  and that is pretty much all i know . 
  to a point where i wonder which meaning of the word came first . 
  they consume much more of our pot and hookers than we do . 
  lego , bitches !, 
  and i remember an obnoxious amount of flying bugs . 
  gay , pot-smoking , bicycle-loving hippies . 
  and we are loud and obnoxious according to belgians . 
  the zeeuwse bolus is a sort of bread roll from the dutch province of zealand . 
  it is drenched in syrup and made from bread dough and cinnamon . 
  we typically serve it with a cup of coffee and smear some butter on top of it . 
  it 's gloriously sweet and tasty . 
  it sure works for us dutch . 
  that is why few local governments enforce the tougher drug laws created by the previous conservative government that would ban foreigners with this whole weed pass thing . 
  thankfully the new centrist coalition leaves everything up to local governments , who often remain liberal on it for economic reasons . 
  while in riga , i visited this soviet wwii memorial which had the same controversy surrounding it as the one in talinn mentioned in that wikipedia article . 
  latvians hate it as a symbol of oppression and want it torn down , the russians see it as a symbol of heroism . 
  i also understand that the latvians do not want to recognize russian as an official language , even though it is the second most used one behind latvian . 
  i read in a travel guide it is best to use latvian over russian , even though many people understand both , because latvians might react negatively to russian . 
  amsterdam is decent for shopping , but there are better places to do so like utrecht and rotterdam . 
  still much more of a shopping city than riga , though . 
  many younger tourists come for the sex , culture , drinking and drugs side to amsterdam so i guess our two capitals are kinda similar like that . 
  interesting to see how that is different from latvia . 
  i am curious as to why that is . 
  i have been at the riga plaza , which was a reasonably large mall , but i do not recall any other major shopping centres in the old city centre . 
  are they a bit more out of the way ? 
  you guys still can not get over the russians thing ? 
  when in riga a latvian girl told me it was mostly a thing with the older generations that still remember the era of the soviet occupation . 
  a woman from the swedish embassy told us that there were two different media worlds , one latvian and one russian as well as russian and latvian political parties and organizations . 
  how far does this go ? 
  how much does it still influence society ? 
  is this the same in all three baltic nations ? 
  latvia is an interesting place . 
  i have visited riga two years ago . 
  i remember there being lots of hot blonde women with rich russian businessmen by their sides . 
  the nightlife was great and there were these beer gardens all over . 
  restaurants and boarding were pretty cheap . 
  the drinks were about the same as here . 
  big props to the zeppelin hangar turned into a giant market full of fresh foods . 
  that was one of the coolest things . 
  the only thing i did not like was the relative lack of shops . 
  one of the three baltic nations , the others are latvia and lithuania . 
  together these three countries declared independence after decades of soviet occupation . 
  memorable was the baltic chain , a human chain that connected all three capitals in protest of soviet occupation . 
  much like in lithuania and latvia , there is still some contempt towards the russian minority , particularly among the elderly estonians . 
  the capital of estonia is talinn . 
  of the baltics , estonia is the northernmost country . 
  amsterdam is socially and politically similar to san fransisco with its progressive leanings . 
  you got to be fucking kidding me . 
  2it is a country where education and healthcare are cheap and of good quality but pretty much everything else is horribly expensive . 
  they have super hot ladies and most people live in the south , which has a gentle climate as opposed to the arctic north . 
  the swedes are one of the most technologically advanced civilizations and are very internet savvy . 
  famous swedes include olof palme , astrid lindgren and dolf lundgren . 
  and off course they have ikea , minecraft and meatballs . 
  speaking of shit , i believe that is what they would throw at gay parades in riga just a few yeats back . 
  they reported about it here in dutch newspapers . 
  kinda .
