  qualified teachers , decentralized ministry . 
  - good welfare system too . 
  - most metal bands per capita . 
  - apparently there are lots of depressed people there . 
  - as well as solid alcohol consumption . 
  - the dudesons were arguably funnier than jackass . 
  - they have this annoying hait of doing everything just a tiny bit better then we do . 
  - the land of a thousand lakes even though there 's actually more than a thousands . 
  - santa . 
  those damn homophobic swedes . 
  is that so ? 
  i like how croatia send in samwell tarly from got . 
  eiffel tower . 
  also for japanese folks , btw . 
  in my own country it 's giethoorn and the keukenhof . 
  asian tourists dig that shit . 
  this could be dutch . 
  i feel kinship with our polish bros. 
  have n't been in france in years so i did not know that . 
  i really ought to go this summer . 
  there are , but in france those really big ones are more common than here . 
  those are considered a little crazy by most of us as well . 
  my dad likes to do this on the ventoux . 
  because our country is flat , cycling evolved into a popular means of transport as well as a popular pasttime . 
  some people want a bit more challenge on their holiday . 
  that 's why many dutch like to go to the mountains . 
  cycling is also a fairly popular sport on tv , particularly the tour de france , so people wan na see and experience it all for themselves, 
  we have a saying in the netherlands : `` living like a god in france '' . 
  it 's the combination of the beaches , the gentle hills , the weather and the food . 
  it 's also the closest ` sunny ' destination i guess . 
  - every childhood summer ever . 
  - capital is paris . 
  - the archetype of the republic . 
  - eiffel tower , chenonceaux , norte dame , arc de thriomphe , reims cathedral . 
  - our very own van gogh spent much of his life there . 
  france also had plenty of impressionists of its own like monet , gaugain and manet . 
  - just elected a new president , emmanuel macron . 
  succeeds fran\u00e7ois hollande this sunday . 
  - political parties include republicans ( conservative ) , socialist party ( social democrats ) , en marche ( centrist ) , unsubmissive france ( leftist ) , national front ( nationalist ) , greens ( ecologist ) among others . 
  - they strike a lot . 
  - known for its great food and fine wine . 
  french foods include macarons , croissants , baguette , cheese such as brie and camembert , grilled frog legs , various sausages both grilled and dry and much , much more . 
  my favourite french dish is boeuf bourgignon . 
  its so good . 
  - i love their huge super markets like super/hyper u , carrefour , champion , auchan , super/hypermarch \u00e9 etc. 
  - known for its movies . 
  famous actors include such as brigitte bardot and g\u00e9rard depardieu . 
  - together with belgium , japan and the us it is one of the four great comic book producing countries . 
  my favourite is asterix . 
  i have them all and buy each new album when they come out . 
  - tour de france . 
  - charles aznavour what the hell is up with those squat-and-shit-in-the-hole toilets on french campings though ? 
  those are gross as fuck . 
  not to break the reddit circlejerk , but we are good only for the next couple years . 
  who knows what will happen , say , five years from now . 
  if you care about europe , do n't grow complacent !, 
  tonight may have seemed like a huge victory for us pro-eu folks , but if we sit back and relax in our safe , comfy echo chambers , another brexit scenario is not that far away . 
  i get the feeling that a lot of pro-eu folks interpret these recent events as ` all is good and well ' , but the fact of the matter is the fn - and the pvv a few weeks back - got more votes than in the previous election . 
  this victory can only continue if we allow it to . 
  stay vigilant , do n't grow complacent . 
  just because the `` patriottic spring '' , as geert wilders called it , did not quite happen , does n't mean it could not happen in the near future . 
  i sense a circlejerk here on reddit that underestimates the potential of these euroskeptic movements whenever a pro-eu politician wins an election somewhere . 
  what happens in 2016 stays in 2016 if we do n't allow it to do otherwise . 
  i dispute this somehow widespread notion . 
  they won five seats despite being a distant second . 
  in france , le pen 's party still had the best election result in its entire history . 
  it 's still on the rise no matter how you spin it . 
  the sad part is that this is one of those things that drive relatively sane people in the hands of these far-right parties , even though they spew similar conspiracy bullshit . 
  what happens in 2016 stays in 2016 . 
  you did not just france , but the eu in general an immense favour . 
  i am absolutely relieved . 
  a le pen victory could have spelled disaster for the eu . 
  i am glad the margin of victory was rather high . 
  i know about how the french system favours macron , but i refuse to accept macron has won until i see the results with my own eyes . 
  that 's about it . 
  belgium leaving the eu would be a costly one , though . 
  we do n't , or at least not as a an official holiday . 
  we had a socialist prime minister after wwii , whose government actually decided not to make it an official holiday . 
  this was because we already had so many around april and may including good friday , two days of easter , queen 's day ( now king 's day , which is celebrated only a few days earlier ) , two days of pentecost and ascension day . 
  it is still observed by unions and parties which originate in the socialist movement , like the socialist party , the green left party and the labour party . 
  usually it 's a day for speeches and what accomplishments have been made . 
  may day protests are usually small in scale , because people do n't have a day off and there 's not much of a tradition for it . 
  so you just moved it to september ... even though it started in the us . 
  i 'm really fucking terrified about the french elections . 
  never had that before . 
  like john oliver pointed out this week on his show , there 's a lot of people who consider staying home . 
  what kind of voters stay home could really influence the outcome . 
  please , france , whatever you do , do n't turn this into le pen vs. melenchon !, 
  - most recent country to join the eu . 
  - popular tourist destination with pretty beaches . 
  many cheap flights go here . 
  - medieval towns like dubrovnik feature in game of thrones . 
  - capital is zagreb . 
  - part of former yugoslavia . 
  remember this will all happen two years from now . 
  i once went to riga , latvia , which is totally worth it . 
  hostels and hotels are totally cheap and food is reasonably priced as well . 
  if you like art nouveau architecture , this city is complete heaven . 
  out of shameless nationalism , i have to recommend my own country of the netherlands . 
  check out cities and towns like utrecht , maastricht , amsterdam , gouda and more .
