  it is made in brabant and only brabanders seem to like it for some reason . 
  - sch\u00fclten br\u00e4u , a german pilsner sold at aldi . 
  less than a euro per litre and made ( in ) famous by the popular tv show and movies of ` new kids ' . 
  - \u00d6ettinger . 
  a german brand sold at lidl . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  if you want poor man 's beer , for the love of god stick with sch\u00fclten br\u00e4u . 
  - euroshopper beer . 
  `` a hot-headed drent from ter apel , who always ran too hard from staple , forsplintered his plate , when the waitress was late , and gave her a lell with the laple '' 5 . ), 
  `` a terrible infant called peter , sprinkled his bed with a gheter , his father got woost , took hold of a knoost , and gave him a pack on his meter '' 6 . ), 
  `` once you go white , you 'll never have spijt . '', 
  - phillipe geubbels, 
  - used to be part of czecho-slovakia . 
  - former eastern bloc state - capital is bratislava , which i hear is a pretty cool city . 
  probably belgium , because of the cultural similarities and language or otherwise anything scandinavian . 
  i have only has one or two but so far , but they look nice and fresh yet similar to the older one at the same time . 
  they do have experience in governing . 
  they were in a coalition with the spd in the early 2000s . 
  well sorry 7f i do not remember every detail correctly , but this is pretty much how i understood it . 
  frikandel and kipcorn are my favourite , but many like kroket as well . 
  a smaller variation on the latter is the bitterbal . 
  other popular dutch snacks include kaassoufl\u00e9 ( filled with cheese ) , bamibal/nasischijf ( filled with indonesianfood ) and many others . 
  if it exists , you can fry it . 
  i find klingon to be far more similar to dutch than german . 
  yeah , but only hasj and weed , not things like xtc or cocaine . 
  it is n't quite as liberal as in your country . 
  we have a distinction between soft drugs and hard drugs . 
  mushrooms used to be part of the ` gedoogbeleid ' as well , but are now considered hard drugs after one ( literally one ) french tourist killed herself during a bad trip . 
  the weirdest part is the fact that obtaining weed , the ` back door ' , is still mostly illegal for coffeeshop owners , but selling it in the coffeeshop , the ` front door ' , is all fine and dandy . 
  the annual budget debate , which led to pretty much nothing . 
  there is very little room for amendments to the budget , yet they are going to be necessary in order to get the support of the senate where the coalition parties have no majority . 
  particularly the centrist parties want to talk , but labour is n't really willing to give up even more on social security . 
  far right and ex-commies lead the polls amidst these difficult talks . 
  the more radical parties have distanced themselves from the centrist parties and are n't willing to talk about more budget cuts . 
  that is very well possible . 
  it is also the dutch name for a victorian card game called old maid : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_maid_%28card_game%29, 
  o fuck , i forgot to mention our most popular tradition . 
  fucking sinterklaas : http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinterklaas and , yes , his helper zwarte piet is kinda hard to explain to foreigners : http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet just never say `` is that santa claus ? '', 
  to a dutchman or a belgian . 
  we do n't like that . 
  we prefer `` those yankees have ripped us of with their coca cola-backed santa '' . 
  it is true that santa is a variation on sinterklaas . 
  sinterklaas has nothing to do with christmas , though . 
  i wonder where americans got that idea from . 
  i guess the extreme violence towards the indonesian people is worth mentioning . 
  also the treatment of the dutch captives by indonesia and its ally japan was n't pretty either , with internment camps and all . 
  i 'll add this to the original post for reference . 
  kinda forgot about it but it is huge in our history books . 
  you are welcome . 
  a tl ; dr just is n't suitable for accurate history . 
  i once said ` belg ' to a flemish nva voter . 
  he said : `` i am flemish , not belgian . 
  many people feel flemish or wallon , but not many feel like having a belgian identity . 
  you `` ollanders '' just do not get that . '', 
  to which i replied : `` then , again i am not a hollander so i guess that makes sense . '', 
  the funny thing is he did the exact same thing to me as he accused me of doing to him just seconds prior . 
  why does social democrat mean centre-rigt in portugal ? 
  ` socialist ' means roughly the same here . 
  there really are only three seasons of borgen , but i feel the exact same about danish as heirl00m does about dutch . 
  really similar in how it sounds yet totally incomprehensible . 
  borgen is an awesome show btw . 
  danish politics are fucking similar to us apart from the bloc politics . 
  the most annoying are the people in limburg who mean ` the rest of the country ' when they use the word ` holland ' . 
  the us would have had a belgian president now . 
  i honestly use friet much more than patat . 
  quick history lesson of the netherlands so you guys might understand some of our cultural tendencies better : - first gained independence from spain after a mostly protestant uprising in the 1500s led by william ` the silent ' of orange , the father of the nation . 
  he is our george washington . 
  protestants like william of orange , an influential nobleman , were n't granted the same rights as catholics by the spanish king . 
  this resulted in an uprising . 
  - after the independence in 1581 a new republic was founded that encompassed roughly the current benelux area . 
  in the 1600s and 1700s his quickly evolved in a powerful but ruthless slave empire , encompassing places like indonesia , manhattan and south africa . 
  this age was known as the ` dutch golden age ' and saw the netherlands become the world 's most modern , powerful and wealthy trade empire . 
  this was the age of thinkers like baruch spinoza and desiderius erasmus . 
  it was the age of seafarers such as admiral micha\u00ebl adriaanszoon de ruyter and willem barentsz . 
  it was also the age of dutch masters such as jan steen , rembrandt van rijn and johannes vermeer . 
  jews and catholics were mostly tolerated and some were even influential in areas were many of them lived . 
  this is the first stirring of our culture of toleration and liberalism . 
  in the colonies , however , the united east-indian company , the world 's first multinational , and the west-indian company enslave africans to ship them to foreign lands . 
  many die during the trip . 
  the famous tulips also become popular during this period when we first import them from turkey . 
  this leads to the ` tulip crisis ' , a phenomenon not unlike what we saw in 1929 and 2008 . 
  and , yes , we also invented the stock exchange . 
  - by the later 1700s and 1800s much of the old glory had decayed into insignificance . 
  napoleon put his brother on the throne when he conquered the netherlands . 
  - after the fall of the french empire the country remained a monarchy , now under king willem i , a descendant of william of orange . 
  this dynasty lasts until this day . 
  in the 1830s belgium and luxemburg become independent . 
  - 1848 prime minister thorbecke writes the constitution , the monarch gives off most of his power to the wealthy elite and the country becomes a constitutional monarchy to prevent violent revolution like in france . 
  - in the later 1800s and early 1900s , a new wave of dutch masters emerges with names like vincent van gogh , piet mondriaan and m.c. 
  escher . 
  - 1917 : women are allowed to vote , finalising the country as a full parliamentary democracy . 
  - in ww2 we are part of the third reich between 1940 and 1945 . 
  in this period , thirteen year-old anne frank writes one of the world 's most influential books : het achterhuis , known in english as dairy of a young girl . 
  it is a first-hand account of what it was like for a jewish teenage girl to hide for the nazis in her own home . 
  the house in amsterdam is now one of the country 's most popular museums . 
  - after ww2 indonesia becomes independent after a bloody war between colonial powers and the indonesian natives . 
  the natives are heavily oppressed by colonial forces but are supported by the japanese eventually . 
  the japanese put colonists , indonesians who are part of mixed families and people who supported the colonial rule in interments camps . 
  after the independence , sukarno became president of indonesia . 
  people from the maluku strait , who want their own republic as promised by the dutch government , never actually get their wishes fulfilled .
