netherlands : mo de haatmeneer : morrocan kid goes apeshit http://youtu.be/ingguhgodk0 new kids : a webshow that spawned two blockbuster movies : http://youtu.be/lqjixrojnng martin paap : dude from rotterdam talking straight http://youtu.be/b8-7ggncdvi king willy : his majesty 's public appearances dubbed in a thick the hague accent . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter ) would be one of the closest guys we have to a national super hero . 
  a more contemporary superhero would be called captain fabulous , a pot smoking homsexual . 
  turbo turbo !, 
  in dutch we say ` euro ' mostly . 
  so ` five euros ' is typically ` vijf euro ' in dutch . 
  euro and cent , eurocent is rarely used . 
  a joking , informal plural sometimes used is ` euri ' , a word i believe was first coined in a hardware store commercial . 
  the netherlands ( not holland ), 
  it 's important to mention that sint maarten is a constituent country of the * kingdom * of the netherlands , which also encompasses the netherlands , aruba and cura\u00e7ao . 
  so sint maarten is not a part of the netherlands bur rather a fellow member of a group of four territories that share the same king . 
  totally !, 
  the people who want to change nothing do n't seem to understand a very important thing : for white caucasians like me , it is simply impossible to decide for black folks what is and what is not racism . 
  if you still only dress up as a black piet , you do n't show any intention to understand why people have issues with it . 
  i am sure people have no racist intent , but it is n't just about intent . 
  it 's also about what it could mean to different groups of people . 
  hundreds , if not thousands , of black people experience the awkward `` look , mummy : it 's zwarte piet '' moment every year . 
  it may be innocent , but it does eliminate the argument that all children see piet different from black people . 
  many black people experience zwarte piet jokes at work . 
  it may be meant as a sarcastic jest , but it can hurt . 
  here in the netherlands we have a painful history of slavery and , much like you guys with congo , of colonialism . 
  in that context , is n't it a little weird that we still have ol' st nick sitting all majestic and white on his white horse with a whole legion of black helpers basically acting like clowns and carrying out the physical labour ? 
  if we alter just a little aspect to the whole piet thing , we can take away this painful aspect and make sinterklaas an even better celebration for an even wider group of people . 
  there are different ways to do this like making his facepaint actually look like soot stains instead of skin colour . 
  nowadays , piet looks like something out of an old tintin comic . 
  afro wig , red lips , gold earring . 
  is it so hard to take part of that away ? 
  as far as i am concerned black piet is fine if there are also coloured and white ones . 
  as someone who grew up with this tradition and loves it , i do n't want it to dissapear because it failed to adapt to a changing world . 
  piet is n't the boogeyman who took bad kids to spain and beat them with a rod like he used to be . 
  why not change him again if some people take issue with it ? 
  i do n't understand why you guys do n't have this debate though . 
  * netherlands * - the debate over [ zwarte piet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet ) reaches unprecedented levels of circlejerkery . 
  gouda , the town where the national st. nicholas parade is held next month , announces that besides the traditional black pieten , there will also be pieten with stroopwafel and cheese patterns as a reference to both local delicacies and the debate over the percieved racism of the character of zwarte piet . 
  hardliners took to social media to defend the phenomenon as a tradition you ca n't just change . 
  meanwhile , supporters of a ( sometimes partially ) different-coloured version of piet united on the facebook page pietmake-over , as a pragmatic alternative to hardliners on both sides . 
  the initiative has attracted a wide range of dutch celebrities of all races backing it , including comedians , actors , musicians , journalists and more . 
  peter r. de vries , an emmy award-winning crime reporter known for his coverage of the natalee holloway case , even received a death threat for supporting the initiative . 
  * koefnoen * , a satirical sketch show that mocks the hot topics of the past week in clever sketches . 
  still have n't checked it out . 
  people seem to love it so i guess i 'll take a look next week . 
  we have zwarte piet for that . 
  he is n't as scary but has other less-redeeming qualities : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet there 's currently a debate on wether he * might * be a racist figure . 
  the netherlands : * the lady of stavoren/the flying dutchman : * the lady of stavoren is s frisian legend which is partially the basis for the british flying dutchman legend . 
  the book about the flying dutchman took many elements from the stavoren legend while incorporating new elements as well . 
  in the book , the dutchman is named edward van der decken and is from the southern town of terneuzen as opposed to stavoren . 
  the lady who is allowed to meet her beloved only once in ten years is prominent in both stories . 
  * de bokkenrijders ( buck riders ) * a legend from southern limburg centered around a group of ghostly figures riding on goats . 
  they where a known group of bandits in the 18th century . 
  they supposedly were the cursed spirits of raiders who had made a pact with the devil . 
  * sinterklaas & zwarte piet * sinterklaas , or st. nicholas , is a fairy tale-esque figure based on the saint of the same name . 
  on 5 december , the evening before his name day , kids are told they get presents from sinterklaas if they have been good this year . 
  he arrives pet steamboat and rides a white horse . 
  his helper is zwarte piet , a black-faced figure who , in the old days , would beat you with a stick and put you in his sack and take you back to spain if you had been naughty . 
  many today see zwarte piet as racist and there is currently a debate about wether piet is a blackface caricature of africans and what , if anything , should be changed about him . 
  many figures similar to sinterklaas can be found around the world , such as the british father christmas , the american santa claus and russia 's father frost . 
  in belgium , the celebration is largely the same but happens a day later . 
  i am still surprised , though . 
  how much talent can you really extract from a population of only a few hundred thousand . 
  and thus the age-old dutch curse of massive success followed up by disaster lives on and on . 
  yes !, 
  one thing we beat those damn viking countries at !, 
  vlissingen , netherlands ( technically not my hometown but within the same municipality ) the neighbourhood of flushing , queens , nyc is likely named after this town . 
  vlissingen was corrupted into flushing similar to other dutch names like breukelen ( brooklyn ) , haarlem ( harlem ) and the bronx ( named for a dutchman named jonas bronck ) . 
  flushing meadows , a famous tennis court , can be found in this part of town . 
  got ta be one of those damn viking countries again doing sonething better than us . 
  ah yeah , brugse zot is awesome !, 
  oh , the sudden vibes when you take the belgian highways near antwerp . 
  belgians asking where the nearest coffeeshop is . 
  every summer . 
  it 's in the third season i think . 
  this is the one where birgitte nyborg is looking for people to join her new party . 
  one of the candidates used to be a member of the communist party and is accused of spying . 
  i do n't know the exact episode . 
  i think it was calles ` sins of the past ', 
  as a guy from limburg nor is timmermans , technically . 
  is this the guy that one episode of ` borgen ' was inspired by ? 
  * netherlands * [ mark rutte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_rutte ) nerdy single who rides his bike to work to reaffirm his dutchness . 
  centre-right liberal who has to work together with labour , who have very different economic views . 
  the fact he 's single occasionally stirs up unsubstantiated rumours in the gossip media that he 's gay . 
  he 's not particularly charismatic or interesting but he can be very pragmatic and well-informed in debates . 
  just how dutch people like it . 
  [ venga boys - boom , boom , boom , boom ] ( http://youtu.be/llyiq4i-mcq ) [ 2 unlimited - no limit ] ( http://youtu.be/vk_f4is6zhq ) [ 2 brothers on the 4th floor - dreams ] ( http://youtu.be/lk3lqrmikom ), 
  our prime minister often goes to work by bike , like many dutch people do . 
  seriously , we could all be champions if beer was as cheap as it is in the czech republic . 
  like shit . 
  i ca n't even read my own notes oftentimes . 
  i always saw a man with his arm held up in the air . 
  dutch here . 
  never knew about that guy . 
  at least we can claim the delta works . 
  seriously , though . 
  we ( zealand ) are entirely dependent on rotterdam . 
  it would not work . 
  so , how much do you guys think this potential independence would hurt labour 's chances of winning in future elections ? 
  much of the scottish constituencies are held by labour mp 's , after all . 
  and what would happen after the independence day in the - quite likely - event of a 2015 labour victory ? 
  there is a clear difference with parties like fn or pvv and jobbik or gd , though . 
  still even those ` moderate ' right-wing nationalists are a worrying trend . 
  what i am most curious about if they vote yes is the reaction from other secessionist movements in europe .
