  i 'd say belgium , mostly because we share a language with flanders . 
  dutch people like flemish tv a lot , too . 
  til a murphy is a sea warrior . 
  it 's surprising to see how little tsipras and his syriza movement were hurt by his failure to reverse some of the austerity measures . 
  i expected at least a couple of their seats going to popular unity but they did n't even meet the treshold . 
  it 's mostly a bunch of local experiments that brought attention to it . 
  the conversation is there . 
  people are interested , but not convinced per se . 
  i for one think it 's too expensive , even if you take into account the costs of things you can eliminate with it . 
  it 's too bad he has all these shady friends and some whacko points like the coal mines thing , because his message of building social democracy as a grassroots movement again is still very interesting . 
  indonesia . 
  we 're a whimpy little nation next to them . 
  well they linked the source below and did n't edit anything so it 's not much of a big deal for me . 
  still really cheap , though . 
  it 's one of their most admired european sister parties . 
  wilders copied df 's idea of supporting a conservative government without actually having any ministers for his own party , but with the condition that they had some influence on certain key issues like immigration . 
  after a year and a half he pulled the plug on that government after having to support more austerity to meet the eu 's budget demands . 
  this cemented the pvv 's image as an unreliable party not fit for government . 
  most parties now boycot him to some extend after he called for ` less moroccans ' at last year 's local elections party meeting . 
  do n't you fear that an old labour maverick like corbyn mitigates labour 's chances at winning swing votes ? 
  or would it energize people who would otherwise not vote anyway ? 
  but could it be possible he would form that left block with greens and nationalists in wales and scotland that miliband shied away from ? 
  if that were to happen i think it would still be possible , but i do n't know enough about british politics to form an informed opinion . 
  have you been paying attention to the cda in recent months . 
  they are actually recovering and could even win this thing if the vvd keeps plummeting and wilders fans staying home . 
  labour had 38 seats actually , but they suffered a split in 2014 when to mps left the party and formed their own group in an already fragmented left wing . 
  this is true . 
  we have a party list proportional system coupled with voters gone adrift ever since the internet became a thing . 
  in my hometown they got a female councillor elected , much to the consternation of the national party leadership . 
  the polls seem to suggest he could actually win . 
  not that anyone will want to govern under him . 
  he banished himself to perpetual opposition . 
  either the socialist party ( gue-ngl ) or green left ( greens-efa ) . 
  i gave the pvda ( labour party , part of s&d ) the benefit of the doubt in the parliamentary elections in 2012 , but they have made some pretty big compromises this cabinet term . 
  their leader has strong leftist roots which i liked , but that is barely visible now . 
  the vvd ( liberals ) - labour coalition is basically just two parties swapping policies , with both making huge compromises to one another instead of actually trying to find a middle ground between left and right . 
  they should have added a smaller junior partner in the middle . 
  the result is neither pvda nor vvd supporters really like this coalition . 
  labour is now the smallest party on the left wing in the polls and the liberals face serious competition from the christian democratic appeal and geert wilders ' populist freedom party . 
  as it stands the socialist party seems to become the leading force on the left . 
  they are the only leftist party polling well enough to actually have a shot at winning the general election . 
  if it stays like that , i will vote for them . 
  i like their grassroots , bernie sanders-esque approach to socialism . 
  they 've shown they can govern in cities and provinces these past few years and are not just a populist fringe anymore . 
  i think they deserve the benefit of the doubt . 
  the new green leader jesse klaver is also a guy who 's piqued my interest . 
  young , charismatic , idealistic and pragmatic at the same time . 
  if they take over the socialist party in the polls ( which i do n't think they will ) i 'll probably vote for them . 
  there 's not really been any energy for truly progressive politics in at least ten years . 
  maybe this time will be different . 
  maybe ... 
  well shit ... 
  i do n't really like how someone stole my imgur post from like , two or three weeks backs and made an article out of it . 
  he actually said that under his leadership , labour would not campaign on abolishing the monarchy , despite him being a republican personally . 
  most people do n't care too much about it , so he never intended it to be a part of his platform for the leadership election . 
  ( even though i think it makes perfect sense to me . ), 
  they 've had years of their own donald trump as prime minister during the berlusconi years . 
  socially liberal , economically a somewhat left-leaning social democrat . 
  there are some crazy `` took ' r jerbz '' / wilders types saying a load of xehophobic crap on social media , but the general consensus is that we need to take our responsibility as a country and an eu member state . 
  especially since that horrifying image of that little boy 's washed-up body , an increasingly high number of people are convinced the problem is so great something more substantial needs to be done . 
  actually , they claim to have tried avoiding that :  the political compass chart represents the whole spectrum of political opinion , not simply the range within a particular nation or region . 
  the timeless universal centre should not be confused with merely the present national average . 
  the former is far more meaningful and informative . 
  economic left/right : -7.75 social libertarian/authoritarian : -5.9 i am well in the green libertarian left corner . 
  i would describe myself as a social democrat of the more left-wing variation with socially libertarian values . 
  i guess the result is pretty close . 
  mostly postive , but a little hate/love i guess . 
  many people have a fairly favourable opinion on president obama . 
  wild boars in the veluwe national park can be really aggressive if approached without care . 
  at least that 's what i have heard . 
  i personally think it needs reform . 
  the senate is getting more influential , yet we ca n't vote for it directly . 
  either abolish it or make sure it 's closer to the electorate . 
  that 's like saying you are going on a holiday to california when in fact you 're going to new york . 
  `` i am from the netherlands '' `` i do n't know where that is . '', 
  ( cringes ) `` you know ... ... holland '' `` ah , now i know , amsterdam right ? '', 
  ffs, 
  never played it . 
  i hate strategy games . 
  i keep hearing white people say this , but have n't seen any solid proof on this . 
  i do n't really think it matters much wether zwarte piet has racist origins , it 's mostly about what kind of feelings he conveys today . 
  if we can find some kind of middle ground that most people can agree with , that would be a lot better than a strictly black piet or none at all . 
  i did n't intend this to be serious and itshould not be taken as such . 
  it ` slike the sweden or uk one . 
  i 'm from zeeland . 
  in case you did n't get it , that was sarcasm . 
  look closer . 
  it really is there . 
  might differ then . 
  different jumbo stores have different suppliers iirc . 
  might add some more stuff later . 
  i like maastricht a lot . 
  we 've got you covered on the sinterklaas issue as well : https://eterinathe.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/witte-piet1.jpg, 
  we do , just not quite as much as during sinterklaas . 
  really . 
  the ones i ever had were still nice and crunchy . 
  we already did . 
  we call it zealand . 
  if it was n't for the increase in vehicular vibrations , it would be the architecture telling you when you 've crossed the southern border . 
  i did say it 's gooey for a reason .
