  - capital is valetta . 
  - official languages are maltese and english . 
  - was british territory before becoming a republic . 
  call us filthy , but at least we do n't like those ghastly squat-and-shit toilet holes you still find in france for some reason . 
  what the hell is up with that . 
  i remember visiting this one as a kid once . 
  the way it is built on top of a somewhat steep hill gives it a kind of magical feeling . 
  - in trouble because of a debt crisis . 
  - prime minister is alexis tsipras , the leader of the hard-left syriza party who campaigned against further budget cuts demanded by the ecb , eu and imf . 
  he did n't succeed to avert austerity , however . 
  - president is a largely ceremonial role . 
  - colonel 's regime in 60s and 70s . 
  - pioneers in europe in math , philosophy , science , democracy , architecture , art , literature , religion etc. 
  much of the legacy of ancient greece still persists and has influenced international culture and science throughout the centuries . 
  the roman pantheon was taken largely from the greek one , for example . 
  - greek mythology is among the best-preserved in the world . 
  - they have their own letters . 
  - feta cheese , ouzo , gyros , greek yoghurt , tzatziki . 
  - many islands , many of which are major tourist destinations , such as santorini , chersonisos , lesbos and crete . 
  - athens is the capital , famous for its parthenon temple , dedicated to the city 's patron goddess athena . 
  - economic troubles recently , but it 's recovering . 
  - one of the few countries where politics is dominated by the left . 
  - republic . 
  - lisbon is the capital . 
  - port is a famous drink from porto . 
  - good seafood and wine . 
  - popular tourist destination . 
  - one of the smaller european nations . 
  - split off from serbia about a decade ago . 
  - means ` black mountains ' . 
  i remember visiting this town as a kid . 
  i remember there was a toy museum we went to . 
  screw finland , though . 
  this reminds me of a story i once read about a newspaper publishing an article that claimed the spread of a certain disease had doubled . 
  in reality it had gone from 0.001 % of the population to 0.002 % . 
  the headline was accurate but the number was statistically irrelevant . 
  this is what a lot of people want to believe . 
  after 2016 , i just refuse to completely rule out president le pen . 
  this is an opportunity for d66 to push for a more ambitious climate plan . 
  both options , gl or cu , have called for this and found an ally in d66 . 
  the only other alternative for a majority is that highly unlikely left-leaning coalition without the vvd , so rutte may find himself forced to adopt ambitious climate deals if d66 and gl and/or cu play it hard on this issue . 
  i seriously hope d66 will push hard to keep gl in when negotiating with vvd and cda . 
  if they opt for the slim , 76-seat majority of vvd/cu/cda / d66 much of the socially progressive stuff is lost . 
  gl also provides a few more seats for the ` green front ' than cu does . 
  it was true for the polling station i went to as well . 
  i went just before noon and several people were waiting in line . 
  the people at the polling station wer commenting that the ballot box was getting full when i walked in . 
  would never ever vote vvd but klaas dijkhoff is a gem . 
  everyone seems to be reporting that the ballot boxes are filling up really quickly . 
  because support for these two was overwhelming last time . 
  so much in factthat together they had more than 50 percent of the vote . 
  mathematically , it was simply the most logical choice for a coalition . 
  besides , the vvd and pvda combo , together with d66 , had actually worked surprisingly well in the 90 's . 
  it is true that both parties had to give up a lot , and strategic voters who swung from smaller parties on both sides were often upset because they wanted to prevent on of these two from entering government by making the other the largest . 
  still , it 's the first time a cabinet has completed a full four-year tenure since 1998 . 
  i will not vote for him , but i stopped underestimating that kind of narrative after last year . 
  i 'd like to think his hair is one solid piece he puts next to his bed every evening , revealing that there 's a huge lego stud on his bald head only his wife knows about . 
  it 's not . 
  they are pretty hardcore . 
  they have some really fucked-up views on women 's suffrage too . 
  my hometown made national headlines when the first female sgp councillor in history was elected in 2014 . 
  the party bosses were n't happy about it but they could n't legally stop their local branches from putting women on the ballot . 
  thanks to a ruling by the european court on human rights a couple years ago , the sgp could not continue its practice of banning women from their party lists if they wished to run for public office as an sgp candidate . 
  this came after an earlier ruling forcing them to allow women as members . 
  i 'm gon na go with groenlinks as well . 
  i really hope d66/vvd/cda does not get a majority . 
  if that majority does not happen , i wan na see a broad center-left coalition of gl/d66/pvda / cda/sp . 
  let 's hope d66 and sp do n't fuck that up . 
  if vvd and pvda can work , why not this ? 
  i actually would prefer it if there was a treshold of , say , 5 % like in germany . 
  we typically have around a dozen parties that make it into parliament , making it harder to form coalitions in an age of fragmentation . 
  i 'd prefer it to be like germany with around six or seven major parties so you have a good balance between stability and ideological variety . 
  i was happy to see you guys remained in the uk . 
  then brexit happened and an independent scotland in the eu now seems a lesser evil . 
  the next cabinet will simply be called anyone but wilders . 
  corbyn : my party ca n't rely on you guys anymore , so gtfo for all i care . 
  a new party ? 
  if a party from 1989 is new maybe ? 
  i 'm with him though . 
  hope he at least wins more seats than wilders . 
  we intend toeventually merge old zealand and your own new zealand into one province by poldering whatever sea we find in between . 
  its contents are pretty much described by your previous comment . 
  many countries have a treshold for parties to meet to get seats in parliament . 
  we do n't . 
  i would n't be against it , though . 
  our volatile electorate and large number of small fringe parties make our country increasingly hard to govern . 
  fragmentation makes it harder to form a stable coalition in our parliament . 
  i still do n't understand why schulz manages to bring so much popularity to the spd where other social democrats are failing throughout europe . 
  the pvda over here is set to lose like two-thirds of their seats . 
  hamon of the french ps is at less than 20 % according to many polls . 
  labour in the uk is a mess , too . 
  what makes germany different ? 
  any german 's care to explain ? 
  interesting . 
  think of marx what you will , his ideas have influenced billions of people , both in a very negative and a very positive way . 
  he remains a fascinating guy who was well ahead of his time , even though he turned out to be wrong on some issues . 
  koreans were not sure which one is correct , holland or the netherlands , but they at least tried . 
  we beat finland by sixteen years , people !, 
  off course . 
  it 's theresa .
