  we also produce it a lot . 
  this can be seen in our breakfast rituals . 
  we put hagelslag ( chocolate sprinkles ) or chocoladevlokken ( chocolate flakes ) on a sandwich . 
  but honestly , they also work great in yoghurt , ice cream , cake or pretty much any other type of dessert . 
  this must have been a revelation after eating it with vinegar al your life . 
  many people eat it this way in the netherlands , belgium and i have also seen it in france . 
  we love belgian food such as chips and waffles . 
  fish and chips are absolutely perfect in any concievable way . 
  so why the vinegar ? 
  typical example of how a perfectly fine dish is adopted by the british after they first ruined something that does n't need improvement . 
  they are supposed to be eaten in the original belgian way : with some ketchup or mayonaise or something . 
  the uk is really the only country that would be able to come up with adding vinegar to something as glorious as chips . 
  the absolute best education system in the world . 
  decentralized to local governments , in sync with the job market , highly qualified teachers and deeply stimulating and well-thought out education programmes . 
  only one or two per cent drop-out rate . 
  best of all : it is free to both finns and foreigners . 
  why do we dutch not learn from the finnish ? 
  our education system has become an industry solely based on numbers and not on people . 
  it has been deteriorating for two decades . 
  also , health care is free and of good quality . 
  high taxes and expensive shop prices , though , which i personally consider a reasonable trade-off for important public services everyone uses . 
  i do understand that there still is a very high number of people who suffer from depression and high suicide and alcoholism rates , despite good public services and ranking high on happiest country indexes . 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  is it the long winters ? 
  and let 's not forget their technology and it sector , which is up there in innovation with the us and india . 
  linus thorvalds who created linux is finnish . 
  mythology . 
  prof. tolkien was a massive fan . 
  occupied by both russia and sweden in the past . 
  weird language . 
  one of the first euro zone members . 
  nicknamed ` land of a thousand lakes ' . 
  in fact there is far more than a thousand . 
  world-renowned metal scene . 
  everything is good with mayonnaise . 
  great with flemish fries and gratitious amounts of mayonaise . 
  last dictatorship in europe according to the white house . 
  president lukashenko has been in power since the ussr collapsed through election fraud , intimidation and support from big bro russia . 
  lukashenko is often accused of human rights violations . 
  he promised a liberal approach back when he was first elected , but has retained much of the old soviet state-run economy . 
  capital is minsk . 
  used to be part of the austrian-hungarian monarchy . 
  after ww2 it became communist under soviet influence . 
  capital is budapest . 
  popular as a tourist destination in recent years with great cities , nightlife and festivals . 
  also , their pm is supposed to be amassive asshole . 
  welcome to the eurozone , you poor bastards . 
  let 's hope you fare better with them than we do . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  at least when i do read something about finland in the media here , it is usually positive . 
  like how much better your awesome education system is compared to the pool of infinite regression we have here . 
  slavery and imperialism , obviously . 
  in fact we were one of the last countries to abolish slavery . 
  we also treated people from the maluku islands in indonesia , our former colony , like shit after ww2 . 
  shitty housing and false promises of their own country separate from the rest indonesia ( which had just gotten independence at the time ) . 
  thankfully they integrated well into society after their situation improved drastically in the 50s and 60s . 
  - first country to legalize same-sex marriage . 
  - independence from spain in the late 1500s . 
  - famous painters including vermeer , van gogh , steen , escher , mondriaan and rembrandt - thinkers like spinoza and erasmus . 
  - scientists such as christiaan huygens and antonie van leeuwenhoek . 
  - anne frank - was relatively ahead of its time in secularism and free speech . 
  - reasonable approach to marihuana . 
  one of europe 's rising economies . 
  increasingly influential on the continent . 
  many poles have come looking for jobs in the west since the country joined the eu several years ago . 
  once a communist satellite state of the ussr , now a democracy . 
  internal political divides among pro-western liberals and conservative , mostly catholic , groups less keen on eu integration . 
  tiny state whose head of state is a prince , not a king . 
  the country consists mostly of the town of monte carlo . 
  they have a racing track and chique boulevards . 
  tax haven and many rich celebrities have a second home there . 
  still an absolute monarchy for practical reasons . 
  it 's not a brutal dictatorship , though . 
  the mussels are really just our hard work . 
  they import them every week from yerseke in the netherlands . 
  eddy merckx, 
  we call it that . 
  we have metricas well . 
  add the randstad too that and i am in . 
  there is a limburg in belgium too . 
  why not join those two ? 
  it took me at least two years to understand the political clusterfuck that is belgium , but reading this post ican confirm i got it pretty much down now . 
  our southern neighbours . 
  just got anew king with king filip . 
  divided into flanders , where people speak dutch , wallonia , which is divided in a french-speaking and a small german-speaking part , and also a federal district in which the capital of brussels is located . 
  has six parliaments including one flemish , one for the french-speaking , one for the german-speaking , one for wallonia at large , one for brussels and a federal parliament . 
  there is also a federal government and regional governments for each of the three parts . 
  tensions between the flemish , who want more independence and wallonians who prefer federalism make coalition building very hard . 
  the restructuring of the federal district is another controversy . 
  brussels is the seat of the eu and the european parliament is located there jointly with strassbourg in france . 
  belgians have popular comics , fries , wonderful beers , waffles , chocolates and boiled mussels ( which they actually import from us ) . 
  it is probably a bit of both . 
  on one hand , there are cultural clashes between muslims and non-muslims . 
  on the other hand , the far right abuses this problem to create a society of fear and division . 
  muslims who are just decent citizens and do nothing wrong are victimized by this , which is a bad thing . 
  never knew that . 
  still very close to the country from what i read , though . 
  a tiny city state with a racing track . 
  that 's it . 
  former soviet republic .
