  that looks delicious . 
  the ecr group actually has more seats than the liberals , which was traditionally the third largest group . 
  not just that . 
  the split with daddy le pen over his gas chamber remarks will not go unmentioned . 
  i think most of these parties have said before they do n't want to work with folks like golden dawn , ndp and jobbik . 
  i would say that , if you look at polls about how people think about women 's rights , gay rights , secularism , other faiths , atheism etc. 
  in muslim majority nations , that there 's generally an attitude that seems very far removed from dutch secular values . 
  i have no problem with these attitudes per se as long as they are kept personal . 
  i find the whole idea of islam as being some kind of dangerous homogeneous group of people bent on domination to be a little extreme . 
  isis may be that way , but definitely not the guy at my local kebab shop or turkish super market . 
  people like geert wilders turn reasonable insecurities into crazy paranoia that is far removed from reality . 
  i bet japanese people think us warmongers . 
  good . 
  let 's put that money in making sure sports are available for all children , even in poor neighbourhoods . 
  seems like a better investment to me . 
  hup , holland , hup !, 
  is easier as a supporting chant , so everybody uses it . 
  technically though , it 's incorrect . 
  niederlande/paesi bassi is always correct , no matter where in the country you go . 
  nederland . 
  i ai n't no damn hollander . 
  there was a us world cup back in ' 94 , though . 
  simply ` world cup ' is typically enough to convey its about football . 
  but , yeah , silly handegg-loving americans . 
  if anyone should get it , it should be america . 
  it makes much more sense than our top-down worse-every-year system . 
  i 'd be a huge supporter of at least experimenting with it if possible . 
  til !, 
  that was highly educational at the time . 
  this was about history , but they also had one about the human body from what i remember . 
  i think its german . 
  the stuff you put on curryw\u00fcrst . 
  this is standard in belgian and dutch snack bars or ` frietkotten ' . 
  ( frietkot is flemish for fry stand ) . 
  to me , fries without mayonaise are like a sandwich without anything on it . 
  sometimes there 's also a distinction between mayonaise and ` frietsaus ' in the netherlands . 
  the difference is kinda vague , though . 
  in super markets , frietsaus is often a less fatty type of mayo . 
  there 's also a difference in dutch and belgian mayo . 
  dutch mayonaise is usually a little sweeter than in other countries . 
  curry sauce , peanut sauce and ketchup are common as well . 
  if you eat fries at home , you typically dip them in the sauce . 
  if you buy them from a fry stand or snack bar , it 's usually served on top . 
  many people also eat it with a dutch fried snack such as frikandel or kroket ( google it ) . 
  is n't that what flemish people say when they mean boiled potatoes ? 
  simply ` patat ' is ` boven de rivieren ' talk . 
  i 'm rooting for belgium in this case . 
  they have the best frieten anyway . 
  paper cone , salt an mayonaise on top . 
  perfect !, 
  as long as you 're not using that godawful ` patat ' everything is fine by me . 
  just fourteen years ago , some would call us eccentric for allowing same-sex marriage , but look at how many countries and regions have followed . 
  i salute ireland for standing up for equality . 
  now let 's hope the us supreme court does n't fuck this up . 
  they should be next . 
  the popular opinion for it is there , just like in ireland . 
  basically everybody acts like they do n't care in person and that it is a campy mixture of bad pop songs and gay culture . 
  on social media everybody goes apeshit , though . 
  `` did you see her dress ? 
  did you see the finnish down 's syndrome punk band ? 
  did you notice how they always vote against us ? 
  if it was n't for the bearded lady we 'd have won ! '', 
  while i visited prague in the czech republic , i noticed how clean and nicely painted everything was . 
  usually in these large metropolitan cities , as soon you go outside the city center , things suddenly look really old and poorly taken care of . 
  that was n't really the case there . 
  have n't been in any other towns in that country yet , but compared to most capitals i 've visited , this one did n't immediately look like shit once you walked more than a few miles from the city center . 
  really just dutch and english . 
  english i did n't just pick up at school , but also by using the internet , watching movies or playing video games . 
  i do speak zeeuws , which is a dutch dialect , though . 
  giethoorn is were all the japanese tourists go : http://www.ligplaatsinfo.nl/plaatsen/giethoorn_stil.jpg veere : http://www.nlwandel.nl/album/gw-arnemuiden-065/slides/21%20veere,%20haven.jpg thorn , the white town : http://www.plaatsengids.nl/files/fotos/805670%20thorn.jpg zierikzee : http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/84862050.jpg volendam : http://www.volendam80.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/slider-haven-volendam.jpg, 
  just 69 % ? 
  we did gay marriage before it was cool . 
  blair was much more charismatic than miliband . 
  the snp also gets a lot of credit for forcing the referendum on secession last year . 
  while they lost that referendum , cameron promised a further dissolution of power , which is still a smaller victory for the snp in its own right . 
  give me a break . 
  it was n't just nationalism that strengthened the snp , it was also the fact that the snp does the whole social democracy thing better . 
  absolutely . 
  the snp got 56 seats with less than 5 % while ukip 's result of more than 12 % yields a single lousy seat . 
  it 's insane !, 
  and there was even a chance to fix it a few years ago but people voted against it . 
  fptp is a very good way to keep the number of ukip seats limited . 
  off course poles support it !, 
  this result is perfectly normal in the uk 's electoral system . 
  a lot of nationwide support is completely irrelevant as long as there 's a bigger party in your constituency . 
  yes !, 
  impossible ? 
  ` borgen ' is accurate as fuck . 
  i recall reading his socially liberal party platform once got a drag queen elected . 
  and what about the snp , they came in third with only a few percent of the vote , while ukip scored well over 10 % and gets just two seats . 
  it 's insane !, 
  i thought that was the only issue . 
  why exactly do they even contest westminster seats if they wo n't use them anyway ? 
  it 's ridiculous how you ca n't be an mp if you do n't wa n't to swear fealty to the queen . 
  it 's not required here in the netherlands if you have personal objections . 
  what was up with that dude behind miliband when he had his speech ? 
  i assume that 's the monster raving loony candidate of miliband 's constituency . 
  surprised by the tories winning a majority , though . 
  seems plenty of libdem seats turned conservative at first glance . 
  i would have liked to see a labour/snp coalition but that seems impossible now .
