  have you ever had it ? 
  it 's like a piece of concentrated heaven in a cup . 
  also the stroopwafel ice cream cones sold at the more fancy ice cream stores are amazing . 
  if you go to jumbo , a major dutch super market chain , the beef there is mostly irish . 
  our own beef is sold to other countries . 
  he actually visited prostitutes multiple times according to wikipedia /, 
  correction added and noted . 
  apparently he went to a tippelzone , which is way worse than the wallen district . 
  a cute kitten dies everytime kruidnoten are called pepernoten . 
  one is soft , the other crunchy . 
  it 's not the same . 
  they 're both amazing , though . 
  seriously , though . 
  utrecht central station is my least favourite pt terminal in the country . 
  it looks the same everywhere and tracks from all over the country and beyond come together here . 
  it 's also apparently perpetually under construction so it looks just that little bit different every goddamn time i visit that city . 
  rotterdam cs and amsterdam cs have burger king and star bucks too , but are actually laid out in much more convenient way . 
  you know you guys ca n't do anything wrong in the eyes of the rest of the world anyway , right ? 
  after all , you gave us lego . 
  why the fuck are you guys so similar to us . 
  you 're like belgians but without a language i can understand . 
  there 's a little polish super market down the street from my buddy 's house that sals a brand of beer called zubr . 
  that 's defnitely kruidnoten . 
  i never knew they had those outside of belgium and the netherlands . 
  you are welcome to rejoin . 
  at least then we wo n't have to remind everyone that your beloved mussels are actually mostly produced over here . 
  these are pepernoten and nothing else : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pepernoot#/media/file:pepernoten001.jpg these are kruidnoten : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pepernoot#/media/file:pepernoten001.jpg it 's an error that is commonly made each year . 
  `` kankeren '' is a synonym for ` whining ' . 
  it 's even worse than i thought . 
   so i should plan in august ? 
  if you want the water to still be warm enough , definitely do n't go beyond roughly half september . 
  that 's when autumn kicks in . 
   what 's that part of holland like ? 
  lots of picturesque cities like the hague , leiden , amsterdam , delft , utrecht etc. 
  and they are all pretty much within an hour or less from one another . 
  if you want something more modern and futuristic , rotterdam is just half an hour by train from the hague . 
   i 've heard the dutch can be pretty standoffish , is that true ? 
  i hear from many people we are direct and cut to the chase right away . 
  this is especially true in the bigger cities . 
  we country folk sometimes find the big city folk loud and obnoxious too . 
  it takes a while to get used to , but after a couple days , you 'll appreciate our directness as more of a convenience . 
  at first we may seem a little rude , though . 
   will anyone give me a hard time traveling alone ? 
  it 's a small country with a surprisingly extensive public transport system , making it very suited to solitary travellers . 
  trains can take you almost anywhere . 
  you may experience some delays , but overall it should be a good country to explore on your own . 
  in towns , look for bike rentals . 
  exploring by bike is the quickest and easiest way to see the city centers . 
   can i go to a nice restaurant alone ? 
  in bigger cities like the hague they tend to be a little more crowded than in smaller places . 
  you can enjoy a quiet meal in many cafe 's and restaurants as long as you do n't go any later than about 6 pm . 
  it probably really varies , though ( as do prices ! ) . 
  just look around town and you should probably find something . 
   can i get buy without speaking dutch ? 
  english is fine . 
   what 's nightlife like in the hague ? 
  i am not too familiar with the hague , but from what i understand it 's a very good city when it comes to night life . 
  it 's supposedly a go-to destination for music enthousiasts . 
  i 've never gone out in the hague but perhaps some local redditors care to weigh in . 
   what movies play in the theaters ? 
  mostly the same ones as in english-speaking countries . 
  foreign languages are subtitled . 
  kids movies are available in dutch as well . 
   are there gyms ? 
  sure , just check out google . 
   i dont give a shit about parliament . 
  trust me , the binnenhof is one of the prettiest squares in the netherlands . 
  you will want to take a look . 
  it 's like a giant fairy tale castle . 
  grab some ice cream and enjoy the scenery . 
  if you want to actually swim , the dutch climate really demands you go within the coming three weeks . 
  while at the mauritshuis , check out the binnenhof ( inner court ) as well . 
  both are located at the staten-generaal , the houses of parliament seen in the picture . 
  new york 's staten island borough still derives its name from this parliament . 
  the side seen in the picture is where the senate and the pm 's tower are . 
  the other side is the house of representatives . 
  the mauritshuis is next to the entrance to the inner court around the corner from the pm 's tower . 
  also check out the m.c. 
  escher museum not too far from here . 
  it 's a lot of fun . 
  normal frietsaus is basically just a variation of mayonaise . 
  i do n't even fully understand the difference myself . 
  might 've been ' \u00e4 ' then . 
  is n't that used in finnish . 
  we have ` the lady of stavoren ' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lady_of_stavoren?wprov=sfia1 it 's kinda similar in tone to other legends like the flying dutchman . 
  i remember readeing that . 
  every letter ` a ' was an \u00e5 i that . 
  the ` o ' was an \u00f6 . 
  i imagine we will have moon rednecks bij 2250 who believe lunar warming is a hoax . 
  that was in every serious news outlet for a couple days . 
  david the gnome , a spanish cartoon based on a dutch children 's boek . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_world_of_david_the_gnome and off course calimero : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/calimero, 
  this was indeed common . 
  japanese animation studios were much cheaper than american ones , so many european animated shows are actually animes . 
  that part of zeeland is what we call spare-belgium in the rest of the province . 
  from zeeland , which is also in the south near belgium . 
  * netherlands - home country * france * luxembourg - on the way to france * denmark * germany - on the way to denmark * belgium * uk * latvia * czech republic, 
  obviously belgium . 
  denmark seems very similar too even though i ca n't understand much of its language . 
  also dutch limburg .
