  there 's catalonia , the basque country , flanders etc. 
  i wonder if this will invigorate nationalist feelings over there . 
  this makes the situation in greece with gd all the more frightening . 
  i agree it 's good that far-right parties like sd exist . 
  i 'd rather be able to see how widespread this movement is than have it rot under the surface , veiled in obscurity . 
  there 's a shitload of finnish tourists in the baltics , too . 
  they also share a bustling it sector with estonia . 
  it has a lot to do with the fact than much of northern and western europe has a political system with proportional representation rather than a first-past-the-post system with constituencies like most anglo-saxon countries do . 
  here in the netherlands , we often have four or five parties competing for the number one spot . 
  election results are often very uncertain until the last few days of the campaign . 
  ours was for a while . 
  then brussels wanted more budget cuts and our nationalist party pulled the plug on supporting a christian democrat/liberal coalition . 
  ever since , the far-right has ruined its own hopes of gaining any sort of legislative power or being acceptable as a coalition partner . 
  lefties like me find this very funny . 
  this is basically why all these sort of parties have such a difficulty to form a european group . 
  they all support some kind of ` national identity ' but that identity differs per country . 
  they say whatever is popular in their respective countries . 
  while there are similarities on things like immigration or the eu , they may vary widely on economic policies or lgbtq rights . 
  same here . 
  apart from many animated shows , i ca n't stand dubs . 
  jansen is actually a leading expert on the arabic and islamic world . 
  did he say this himself or is this just party rhetoric ? 
  another interesting thing about the sgp is that they , until recently , refused to put women on their ballots . 
  they were forced to abandon this practice by the european court of human rights . 
  recently a sgp woman won a seat on the city council in my town . 
  she 's the only one so far . 
  until a couple years ago , women were even banned from becoming members . 
  if greece had had a more moderate euroskeptic rightist in the vein of say , wilders , farage or marine le pen , i do n't think golden dawn could have become so succesful . 
  belgium probably . 
  they share many things with us , including language , food culture , holidays etc. 
  i know there are a lot of countries that come to us because they have too many people incarcerated , but i was n't expecting norway to be one of those . 
  thanks for typing that up so i do n't have to . 
  this was fantastic . 
  why not go all the way and ask for a ps4 ? 
  give the ep the power of initiative . 
  now it 's only the commission who gets to make laws . 
  the ep can only vote on them but not make any suggestions themselves like national parliaments can . 
  eu-wide party lists . 
  each european group ( liberals , conservatives , greens , socialists etc. ), 
  nominate the best people from their nationally affiliated parties and make a pan-european party list . 
  why should i not be able to vote for a greek or british politician if their elected meps decide about my future as well ? 
  instead , i can only vote for the dutch members . 
  this could also make it easier for parties who are not part of the epp , s&d or alde groups to influence policies . 
  to keep individual member states represented , part of the seats could be reserved for them . 
  it 'd be like a combination of districts and proportional representation similar to how the german parliament is elected . 
  just let people vote for a person and a european party at the same time . 
  make it easier to petition the eu to hold referendums on far-reaching topics . 
  dutch here . 
  a favourite of mine is ` the house of the mosque ' , by dutch-iranian author kader abdolah . 
  the book tells the story of a family against the background of the islamic revolution . 
  the family splits between liberal and religious members . 
  the story switches between perspectives of different characters like the family patriarch , a liberal son , an orthodox cousin who becomes an aide to ayatollah khamenei , and others . 
  the author weaves elements from his own life into it and parts of it are autobiographical . 
  although abdolah is n't a muslim anymore , he still shows an appreciation for the rich literary history of islam as well as old persian fairy tales in his writing , which i liked . 
  highly recommended , especially for those interested in iranian life before and after the revolution . 
  i know there 's at least an english translation . 
  ` bier en tieten ' ( beer and tits ) http://youtu.be/xqwb2dkqjd4 classy indeed . 
  do n't forget their classic parody of the song ` pair of rollerskates ' called ` combine harvester ' . 
  you need a permit , which is n't something you just get without some paperwork . 
  most legal shooting outside the police or military happens in shooting ranges or during hunting season . 
  helmond supposedly is the worst of the lot . 
  i lived in tilburg for four years . 
  we used to say ` at least it 's not helmond ' . 
  also , all limburgers i meet , except for those from maastricht , say people from maastricht are n't real limburgers . 
  what about new jersey ? 
  the dutch agree . 
  it was once voted the ugliest city in europe by dutch tourists . 
  as for the government , easily frans timmermans . 
  i am increasingly frustrated with labour but this guy is awesome . 
  he speaks his languages and he knows what he is talking about . 
  in the opposition ranks i like harry van bommel of the socialist party . 
  he 's obviouly intelligent and capable of supporting his statements with some intellectual weight . 
  it saddens me that media and politicians usually fail to aleviate this whole debate beyond ` pro ' or ` anti ' . 
  i am very pro-europe on some things , while on others i am a little euroskeptic . 
  unfortunately , the federalists and nationalists who shout the loudest rhetoric make the headlines . 
  i am willing to bet most people in europe are somewhat in between if you would ask them though . 
  as much of a complete and utter dictator-felating cunt this guy is ( hezbollah leader nasrallah and cuban dictator fidel castro are among the men he admires ) , this is unacceptable . 
  at least it means a split right , which gives labour a potential edge in next years elections . 
  as a progressive , i 'd like to see that . 
  yes . 
  it 's way more beautiful than i expected . 
  everything looks like it 's been painted and cleaned just the other day and the food and beer are indeed really cheap . 
  groningen is still the only province where there are a few elected commies . 
  til we still have a lenin in the netherlands . 
  i saw this last month while there . 
  my friends and i were wondering about this . 
  dubrovnik features on got as king 's landing . 
  the netherlands ( in particular order ) delta works a complex set of dams and bridges in zeeland and the rotterdam area . 
  these are made to prevent floods if the dikes fail to protect the southwest of the nation during heavy rainfall or storms . 
  one of humanity 's most impressive feats of engineering . 
  amsterdam central station a gorgeous piece of architecture that is the starting point of many a visit to the dutch capital . 
  its many spires and windows are worth turning around for before starting your tour through the city centre . 
  the canals many major towns grew during the enlightenment era in the 17th century , when freedom , trade and wealth were unrivaled in the world here . 
  the canals with their rennaissance gables of cities such as leiden , amsterdam and utrecht still remind us of those days . 
  polders half of the country is artificial . 
  in fact , the whole province of flevoland is one giant polder . 
  for a time , when there was n't enough room for the vast horticultural enterprises in our country , people would simply drain the sea to make more land . 
  the orderly , carefully divided landscape of the below-sea level regions remind us of this . 
  mills no mountains means lots of wind . 
  this was - and often still is - used to make flower for bread .
