  the comparison between other right-wing and populist leaders like wilders and le pen is easily made . 
  our song would have won if it was n't for austria 's beard . 
  no , but i hear its awesome . 
  netherlands `` the house of the mosque '' by iranian-born author kader abdolah . 
  this book chronicles the life and times of a family against the backdrop of the iranian revolution . 
  the family is led by a man named aga djan , but the book occasionally shifts perspective to a wide range of family members . 
  the characters in the book range from liberal to ultra-orthodox , men and women , young and old . 
  i like how abdolah weaves a little touch of persian fairy tales and eastern mysticism through his writing . 
  highly recommended . 
  it is roughly the same thing as st. patrick 's day , except all the green is orange . 
  a friend of mine is from limburg and she says it can sometimes be really hard to understand local variants from other towns . 
  many limburgers tell me the dialect is quite varied throughout the province . 
  i actually thought that was a dialect from which other dialects , like drents or twents , emerged . 
  i personally speak zeeuws , a dutch dialect . 
  while most local variations are relatively similar , a person from another province will probably have a hard time to understand what i 'm saying . 
  i swear to god that place is guarded like a fucking fortress at night . 
  likeable folks with great music , great tv and unhealthy breakfasts . 
  some of them are obnoxious tourist who get drunk and stoned at the same time . 
  french is a beautiful language . 
  an interesting one is danish . 
  it sounds a bit like dutch , yet it is utterly incomprehesible . 
  as a dutchman i have always agreed dutch sounds more like klingon that german . 
  the guy behind jesus lives actually has the words ` jesus lives ' on the roof of his house and runs an evangelist radio station . 
  i have never heard about this . 
  you can get alcohol pretty much every day of the year here , as long as there are supermarkets or liquor stors that are open . 
  good friday is an official holiday . 
  easter , like christmas and pentecost , lasts two days so we have a long weekend until monday . 
  at easter people take the time to go camping for a few days or eat raclette grilled meat and veggies with friends and family . 
  off course there is also the tradition of hiding chocolate eggs and easter church services , too . 
  st. matthew 's passion by bach is performed by many orchestras and attracts lots of people . 
  second easter is spent at furniture stores by many people for some reason . 
  another tradition popular in the eastern parts of the country is an easter pyre . 
  people stack up all the wood they can find and light it on fire , often to the dismay of local authorities . 
  my friends and i spend the night before easter on a nearby beach with a nice campfire . 
  we fire up the bbq for some grilled chicken wings and burgers and have ourselves a little party except when it 's too cold or when it rains . 
  first of all , how the fuck is it the government 's business who you let into your home . 
  secondly , all you offer is a couch for a night and you never know what kind of people you are staying with . 
  it 's free but other than that you just ca n't have too many expectations when staying with total strangers . 
  that 's different if you stay at a paid accomodation . 
  i agree our education system is still better than the vast majority of other nations . 
  the problem it drops in international rankings as the years go by . 
  an education system that is actually thought through . 
  like in finland or denmark . 
  and some fucking mountains . 
  the vaalserberg just ai n't the same as the mt. 
  blanc . 
  ah yes . 
  i am usually not overly keen on the stuff with a lot of garlic but this is wonderful . 
  this . 
  i made it last weekend and i thought it needed more tasty veggies . 
  found some mushrooms . 
  peppers and onions are the main things , but you can add lots of different vegetables to make it your own . 
  boeuf bourgignon ( france ) . 
  a fantastic beef stew my dad likes to cook on a cold winter afternoon . 
  great with rice or some thickly cut belgian fries . 
  well that depends in which country you live . 
  national parties are usually part of a european group in the european parliament . 
  for example social democratic parties are part of the socialists and democrats group , conservatives are usually in the european people 's party etc. 
  there are also parties who are non-inscrits . 
  these are not members of one of those pan-european groups but still represented . 
  i will be voting for the green left party here in the netherlands , which is part of the green group in the ep . 
  socialists and democrats ( s&d ) - social democrats european people 's party ( epp ) - conservatives united left ( gue/ngl ) - socialists and communists , far left , euroskeptic left greens/efa - greens liberals and democrats ( alde ) - liberals european conservatives and reformists ( ecr ) - conservatives , euroskeptics europe of freedom and democracy ( efr ) - conservatives , euroskeptics some of these groups have a more uniform platform . 
  others are more diverse and work together from a broad spectrum on some common values . 
  it is usually best to check national party websites to see what the parties in your countries stand for . 
  well that depends in which country you live . 
  national parties are usually part of a european group in the european parliament . 
  for example social democratic parties are part of the socialists and democrats group , conservatives are usually in the european people 's party etc. 
  there are also parties who are non-inscrits . 
  these are not members of one of those pan-european groups but still represented . 
  i will be voting for the green left party here in the netherlands , which is part of the green group in the ep . 
  socialists and democrats ( s&d ) - social democrats european people 's party ( epp ) - conservatives united left ( gue/ngl ) - socialists and communists , far left , euroskeptic left greens/efa - greens liberals and democrats ( alde ) - liberals european conservatives and reformists ( ecr ) - conservatives , euroskeptics europe of freedom and democracy ( efr ) - conservatives , euroskeptics some of these groups have a more uniform platform . 
  others are more diverse and work together from a broad spectrum on some common values . 
  it is usually best to check national party websites to see what the parties in your countries stand for . 
  it 's not my business , but you definately have a bonding problem if you had some many partners . 
  then again , who knows if he really still lives in the hague ? 
  the location of wilders ' house is always this intruiging mystery . 
  then again , who knows if he really still lives in the hague ? 
  the location of wilders ' house is always this intruiging mystery . 
  then again , who knows if he really still lives in the hague ? 
  the location of wilders ' house is always this intruiging mystery . 
  the difference this time is that he usually criticizes policies or islam or some political ideology . 
  this time , however , he is talking about moroccans , an entire ethnic group within dutch society , in general . 
  usually he only criticizes certain beliefs or he is more specific . 
  he did n't say anything about less criminal moroccans , fundamentalist moroccans or anything like that . 
  just ` less moroccans ', 
  almost forgot : the hague and everything in a radius of many miles is pretty much closed off due to the nuclear security summit . 
  security measures are huge as many world leaders , such as xi xinping and barack obama visit the country . 
  obama will also visit amsterdam and the rijksmuseum . 
  netherlands : municipal elections : the two governing parties , the liberal vvd and its junior coalition partner labour ( pvda ) , endure heavy losses . 
  especially labour , traditionally dominant in the larger cities , loses important bastions like tilburg , rotterdam , the hague and even the capital city of amsterdam . 
  in the latter , labour had always been the largest party in the city council in over five decades . 
  other losses were for the christian democratic appeal ( cda ) and the environmentalist green left party . 
  many cities are now won by the centrist liberal democrats of d66 , which has been on a slow but steady rise to victory for several years under its leader alexander pechtold . 
  utrecht , tilburg , the hague and amsterdam , among others , are now dominated by d66 , which took much of the labour vote . 
  another threat to labour is located on the left in the form of this week 's other major winner : the socialist party . 
  the leftist sp , led by the jovial emile roemer , takes over from labour as main left-of-center party in many cities and towns throughout the country . 
  the socialists have had their best result in any local election since the party was founded as a radical splinter group in the 70s . 
  the biggest victory was for locally active parties , which are only actice in one municipality or region . 
  they attract many kinds of voters due to their focus on local issues . 
  some municipalities have multiple local parties to choose from so the combined number of votes of all of them is higher than that of any national party , making it the country 's dominant political family in local government .
