  i think we can all at least be glad our dictator-felating friend george galloway is n't polluting westminster with his presence any longer . 
  ukip 's rise to prominence has really tarnished the mrlp vote . 
  we have like three of those every election . 
  i do n't base my vote on it , but it 's fun to see how much it aligns with your actual party preference . 
  as a dutchman , i cant speak for the british , but due to our party list proportional election system , we always end up with hung parliaments . 
  the highest polling party right now would only get 26 out of a 150 seats . 
  the problem with hung parliaments is that it is very well possible that the largest party does n't get into power because they ca n't find a workable majority . 
  that 's very rare , though . 
  the last time this happened in the netherlands was in the 1970s . 
  the largest party typically gets to take the first initiative in forming a new coalition and almost always gets to govern . 
  the rest comes down to two important questions . 
  one is which parties lost seats and which won some . 
  parties making large gains generally have a better position at the negociating table . 
  the second question is how ideologically compatible they are with the largest party . 
  if you end up second , but are too far away ideologically from the largest party , you still may not end up in a coalition while a party smaller than you gets to govern . 
  it 's not allways fair , but it 's usually more workable than a minority government . 
  in the very unusual event the largest party ca n't find a workable majority for whatever reason , the initiative goes to the second largest party . 
  as said , this has n't happened since the 70s . 
  what about people not wanting to split the vote , putting tories in power . 
  they vote labour strategically , even if they like the green party better . 
  here in the netherlands they shifted towards the center about a decade ago , although their current leader seems to be taking them a little bit more to the left again . 
  they 're clearly more principled on ` green ' issues like energy and agriculture , though . 
  as a social democrat , i 'd like to see you guys get a progressive coalition of labour and snp , possibly with libdems if needed , but i 'm not really sure how reasonable the snp is in its demands . 
  there really is an enormous swing from scotlab to snp , though . 
  it would be kind of arrogant for labour to ignore that and leave the country to a tory led government . 
  the last time you guys were still reasonably quick , though . 
  welcome to my world . 
  we have proportional representation here . 
  two or three , or sometimes even four parties , is perfectly normal here . 
  i remember being like ` bitch please ' when brits got impatient after a few days when the conservatives and liberal democrats were still negociating about a coalition programme . 
  here in the netherlands , it sometimes takes more than a month to find a workable agreement . 
  tory and snp seems unlikely . 
  labour/snp/liberaldems seems far more plausible . 
  so do you prefer them governing with the tories over libedem/labour ? 
  i believe liberal mep marietje schaake does still have one that she mostly used in her fight against acta . 
  while i agree with some of their ideas , the reality is that in order to mount a challenge to the troika , you need allies . 
  the only major country that currently has any chance of allying itself with greece within the eu and/or the eurozone is spain in the event of a podemos victory . 
  podemos is probably reliant on a coalition , further tempering the rethoric . 
  same story for the socialist party in the netherlands , which is very strong at the moment . 
  tsipras likes to tout the idea of a broad leftist front against austerity , but to make any reasonable fist against the troika is a lot more difficult in a complex european landscape of different political parties , interests and governments . 
  labour tried the exact same strategy to discredit the socialist party in the 90s . 
  it 's very similar to the spd 's current attitude toward die linke and it has n't worked in the long run . 
  the socialist party is quickly becoming the largest left-leaning party and probably will defeat labour in the next national election as well . 
  the snp 's success is about more than just fighting for more self-governance for the scottish , it 's also about taking social democracy more serious than labour does . 
  it 's exactly the same phenomenon as with the labour party losing votes to the socialist party here , or syriza taking over much of pasok 's base in greece . 
  the inability of the centre-left and social democrats to effectively challenge the hegemony of austerity-based , centre-right policies is exactly what goes wrong here . 
  the snp is the party most effectively articulating those frustrations right now . 
  miliband falls exactly in the same trap as many of his sister parties throughout europe have done : `` we have always been dominant on the left . 
  this is just an insurgence that will blow over . 
  no need to take them too seriously . '', 
  if the left-wing , working-class base of labour does n't feel represented anymore , they will eventually look for a new party . 
  the snp is that party right now . 
  the arrogance with which miliband dismisses the snp will ultimately only harm labour . 
  growing weed is still largely illegal but reselling it in coffeeshops is totally ok . 
  i would vote for the socialist party . 
  they would likely be the largest party on the left . 
  i ca n't honestly vote labour anymore . 
  the bbb-accord is only the latest stretch . 
  labour has increasingly been busy with merely toning down what is essentially right-wing policy instead of really providing a left-wing voice . 
  the sp has shown it can govern while providing a progressive alternative to labour . 
  this looks like a starship right out of a star trek episode being built . 
  i thought the finns party was like that . 
  i 'd say the british , although the dutch can be pretty obsessed about the royal family too . 
  do n't know much about the scandinavian monarchies , though . 
  i 've always felt that if there ever was an issue that could split the coalition , it had to be around asylum and immigration . 
  the vvd backed down on asylum policies before , but this time around it seems a little more serious . 
  there 's a lot at stake for both parties . 
  they 've been talking for two days now without a serious compromise whatsoever . 
  labour ca n't really back down as this is the only issue they are still strongly left-wing on in the eyes of many left-leaning voters . 
  the socialist party caught up with them in the municipal and provincial elections . 
  there is no indication that the same wo n't happen in the event of parliamentary elections . 
  the vvd in turn fears losing its comfortable lead in the polls . 
  the recent corruption scandals did n't hurt them too badly . 
  i imagine they do n't want to spoil that credibility by losing votes to the pvv on this issue . 
  although i genuinely believe there is a sincere desire from both parties to continue this coalition , i would n't be surprised if it collapses on this particular issue . 
  thanks for your summary . 
  like most nordic countries , the finnish political landscape seems very similar to the dutch one . 
  i would n't know . 
  never heard of this stereotype . 
  i have noticed the skinnier family members of mine doing it more often , though . 
  i usually do it in the winter when i 'm cold , but i also turn up the heat as well . 
  frugal : this is true , except when there 's a party and alcohol is involved . 
  many people you go out partying with will happily buy a beer for you . 
  few countries give so much too charities . 
  blunt and direct : true , but you usually know right away what you are dealing with . 
  stoners : wrong . 
  the uk , with its strict drug prohibition , actually has a higher percentage of pot smokers . 
  pragmatic : true . 
  we 'll negociate the fuck out of everything . 
  socially liberal : partially . 
  on things like immigration and law , order & crime , dutch people can be fairly conservative . 
  on things like lgbt rights or drug policy we are liberal . 
  ` snikkel ' which i believe originates in jiddisch , is one i like in our language . 
  what 's this , the danish pvv ? 
  polan actually beat us into space . 
  better than most countries . 
  in 2001 , we became the first country to legalize same-sex marriage . 
  civil partnerships had been legal since 1998 . 
  lgbt couples can adopt children . 
  many lesbian couples have made use of sperm donors to bear a child as well .
