  speaking of holland , lol means fun in our language . 
  i find the fact that there is a place on this planet called lolland the best part about this whole thing . 
  liberation day is not just in capitals and not every capital has a festival . 
  i remember every citizen in the country got a little set with one of each coin as a present . 
  i was like , is this monopoly money ? 
  i had that feeling even more with the bank notes . 
  still , i loved the novelty of it . 
  in those early weeks of the euro , there was a small period of time when you could pay with both euros and the old guilders . 
  all products in the shops had two price tags , one in guilders and the other in what it would be in euros . 
  i understand it has to do with the religious hegemony of the protestant church in the old days as well . 
  the protestant elite in the northern and western parts of the country thought that it looked too much like a catholic ceremony to crown the monarch , not humble enough . 
  thus the king is sworn in rather than coronated . 
  the idea is really awesome . 
  but why just europe ? 
  weed is technically illegal in the netherlands . 
  but buying small amounts for recreational use at coffee shops is tolerated . 
  you are also free to have some homegrown weed for personal use . 
  municipalities can decide for themselves wether or not to enforce a weed pass that prevents foreign costumers from buying weed in local coffee shops . 
  most cities do not enforce it since it tranferred drug trade to illegal trafficking on the streets in many areas . 
  everything that is not weed or hash is still illegal and labeled ` harddrugs ' . 
  hash and weed are called ` softdrugs ' . 
  mushrooms used to be considered softdrugs but were criminalized a couple of years ago and labeled as harddrugs . 
  south africa has many lgbt problems and they have had ssm for quite some time . 
  cheese on a sandwich . 
  our breakfast culture is not very refined . 
  in some countries it really depends on what city or even neighbourhood you visit . 
  madrid , from what i understand , has a gay area similar to soho in london or san francisco 's castro district . 
  a few streets further and walking hand-in-hand is not tolerated from what i hear . 
  even here in the netherlands , supposedly the number one most gay-friendly country , there 's a lot of hatred . 
  in amsterdam 's reguliersdwarsstraat , for example , lgbt people should be safe . 
  there 's a lot of muslims in amsterdam , however , that may react negatively . 
  still , hate crimes are not something to be overly worried about . 
  i suggest places like scandinavia , france , the benelux or germany . 
  basically anything that is not ex-communist or overly catholic is generally safe . 
  someone explain this to me : how exactly is topless protesting feminist ? 
  yeah , we eat it on sandwiches or crackers . 
  why yellow ? 
  the trust-based idea can be found in the finnish education system . 
  academic professionals are trusted in what they have learned over the years . 
  the board of educations leaves most of the policy-making to local governments , with tremendously succesful results . 
  the nordic model is n't just based on trust , though . 
  it is also very much founded on pragmatism . 
  these countries do n't rely too much on old-fashioned ideologies . 
  they seem to rely on what is really needed and how it can be fixed . 
  wether that be through capitalism , socialism , something totally new or anything in between seems completely irrelevant . 
  another thing that i have noticed about these countries is that they do not just think in financial terms of costs and benefits , but also what a certain policy means from a social or moral perspective . 
  that is something i sorely miss in recent years in dutch politics . 
  brabant is one of the most powerful and economically stable provinces . 
  going all crazy about something that happened almost a century ago is the silliest thing imaginable . 
  it will be a federation of nations , but not a nation in and of itself . 
  at least not within the coming twenty years . 
  this guy seems the ultimate example of a person solely interested in making as much profit with as little spending as possible . 
  check the interviews with ryanair employees here : http://reporter.kro.nl/seizoenen/2012/afleveringen/28-12-2012 http://reporter.kro.nl/seizoenen/2013/afleveringen/03-01-2013 documents mentioned here . 
  educate yourself : http://reporter.kro.nl/seizoenen/2012/afleveringen/28-12-2012/documents_related_to_ryanair, 
  this makes complete sense . 
  there 's a lot of eurosceptics these days , but they have to admit there is nothing wrong with having one driver 's licence . 
  if you want it to be typically dutch , you 'll probably run into major cultural borders . 
  we do have some really good comedians and satire , though , some of which holds up outside of the country borders . 
  much like in the uk or the us we have a strong tradition to mock the powers that be that goes back hundreds of years . 
  the best example of dutch humour that is universally appealing would be toren c. it 's kind of like an absurdist british sketch show mixed with the office . 
  it 's about recognizable characters in unorthodox , usually very embarassing situations . 
  award-winning and sold to many countries . 
  if you like absurdist british humour , you 'll absolutely love this . 
  look it up on youtube . 
  for some of these clips , you do not need to know any dutch to laugh your ass off . 
  comedian hans teeuwen has performed in english in london and has a type of humour suitable for not just the dutch . 
  if you like really politically incorrect and absurd shock humour in general , look no further than this weirdo . 
  you can probably find that english show in a torrent somewhere . 
  another show i really enjoy myself is man bijt hond . 
  it is a show about average people , leading average lives that usually turn out to have a strange story to tell or a bizarre hobby . 
  usually they just ring a local door bell or talk to complete strangers on a random sopping street . 
  many of the items are rooted in current affairs , but there 's always some weird twist or unexpected surprise going on . 
  instead of the usual politicians and experts , these guys put average joe 's take on the news in the forefront , often with hilarious and surprising , if a little embarassing results . 
  it 's hard to explain , you need to see it for yourself . 
  the dutch version is great but the flemish original is even better . 
  speaking of the flemish , they are coughing up one hilarious show after the other . 
  check out neveneffecten , de slimste mens ter wereld , basta , man liberation front and zonde van de zendtijd if you can get them with subtitles . 
  they are pure gold . 
  qi or quite interesting is my favourite british show currently . 
  i absolutely love borgen . 
  it 's similar to the west wing but danish . 
  this is totally the best thing to come out of denmark since lego . 
  probably austerity and the role of ` brussels ' therein in particular . 
  the populist , eurosceptic parties on the far-left and far-right are winning back votes from the more pragmatic parties that had a unexpectedly good result during last september 's parliamentary elections . 
  dutch here . 
  christmas itself is usually more of a time of celebration than christmas eve , which most people spent in front of the tv . 
  christians go to church on christmas eve , though . 
  this is particularly widespread in catholic regions in the south . 
  christmas lasts for two days here . 
  on the 25th , you visit one side of the family , and the other on the 26th . 
  ( the same goes for easter and pentecost . ), 
  gifts are usually exchanged on christmas itself , on the evening of the 25th or the 26th . 
  this is not observed in every family , though , as many families have sinterklaas ( st. nicholas eve ) on the 5th as their primary day for holiday gift-giving . 
  santa claus is usually seen as an unwanted form of americanization and a lame rip-off of sinterklaas . 
  in my family we hand out presents on sinterklaas eve . 
  the presents are typically accompanied by a poem poking fun at the person who receives it . 
  one present is wrapped in an unusual , often funny design called a ` surprise ' . 
  christmas is reserved for good food and tasty drinks . 
  usually , it is something like a raclette grill dinner with small pieces of meat and vegetables or a dinner with multiple courses . 
  turkey and roulade are especially popular as meat dishes .
