  but the most talked-about party was one that only participated in two cities . 
  geert wilders ' far-right freedom party ( pvv ) rose to renewed controversy after wilders openly expressed hopes his party could allow for `` less moroccans if possible '' while campaigning in his hometown of the hague . 
  these remarks sparked a national controversy , especially after wilders asked his own supporters wether they wanted `` more or less moroccans '' at an election gathering of his party wednesday night . 
  his supporters responded by chanting `` less , less , less '' to which wilders replied with `` fine , i 'll take care of that '' . 
  many leading figures , including mp 's and the leader of the pvv in the european parliament , have since resigned from the party . 
  polls this weekend show a drop in support for the pvv , which had been leading the polls for months . 
  a minor but interesting development was found in my hometown of vlissingen . 
  here the first female councillor of the political reformed party ( sgp ) was elected . 
  the sgp is an orthodox calvinist party which until recently did n't allow women on its ballot based on biblical principles . 
  the european court for human rights ordered the party to stop the discriminatory policy , however . 
  this led lilian janse to become the first female leader of a local sgp branch and the party 's first female elected official ever . 
  the sgp is n't very strong in the city council , though . 
  unlike in surrounding towns , where it is well-represented , the sgp holds just one seat in vlissingen , one of the more secular towns in the otherwise conservative zeeland province . 
  janse 's campaign drew sympathy votes from people who would otherwise have voted cda or the christian union ( cu ) . 
  while i think the pvv is a populist bunch of bat shit crazy loons , wilders and his crew at least expose an undercurrent that makes up a decent portion of the population . 
  i think it is better that we have an idea of how large this group is , who they are and what they believe in rather than having it rot in the ` underbelly ' of society for years like in the pre-fortuyn era . 
  at least by discussing it openly , other parties can counter wilders with their own arguments and have a shot at keeping his movement at bay . 
  the lpf did n't go from nothing to 26 seats in a few months for no reason . 
  the have mostly been kicking each other rather than muslims . 
  i fully expect the next four years tp be the same . 
  dutch here . 
  we were once very high in international rankings but it 's been going downhill for years . 
  the biggest problem is that we expect students to develop their skills independently and with lots of self-reflection , but the curriculum does n't really encourage learning . 
  there is nothing making learning fun . 
  many colleges just give their students an assignment and let them figure things out for themselves . 
  much of the time there is no teacher to supervise and the majority of a day consists of ` self-studying ' , which does n't stimulate actual learning or make the assignments interesting . 
  another ridiculous concept is that schools get more money from the ministry of education if they have huge numbers of graduates . 
  the problem is that many colleges just make it really easy to graduate , so they get mote funds . 
  this way you have thousands of underqualified people graduating each year . 
  * the netherlands * right-wing populist leader of the freedom party , geert wilders , says it would be nice if the hague would do with ' a little less moroccans ' , while campaigning for local elections . 
  a local labour councillor replied by comparing wilders to hitler on twitter . 
  while condemning wilders ' remarks as discriminatory , national labour leaders pressed the councillor to apologize for the hitler comparison . 
  i am still pretty sure the social democrats ( pes ) , conservatives ( epp ) and liberals ( alde ) will join in a coalition , even if the nore radical wings gain traction . 
  netherlands the pvv , the freedom party is currently ahead in the polls . 
  their platform includes ending membership of the eu , closing the borders to immigrants , re-adopting the guilder and fighting ` islamization ' . 
  basically your standard far-right party skeptical of the eu and the multicultural society . 
  they are strong in the polls but they have shown to be unreliable as partners . 
  all power is pretty much centered on party leader geert wilders , who is really the only member of his self-created party . 
  only the top mp 's have any real influence on party affairs . 
  they are not really racist , but , either intentionally or unintentionally , they appeal to a racist segment of society as well . 
  the british are probably the best in the world when it comes to quality tv . 
  i love the british comedy shows in particular . 
  although not a genre i enjoy myself , they make great detectives as well . 
  and then there are offncourse the wonderful nature docs with sir david attenborough . 
  i like the bbc as a news station as well . 
  i do n't have the numbers , but i expect it to be similar over here . 
  many of the dutch shows are on public tv stations . 
  seems like the exact same debate we had here a few years back . 
  it gets even better when you know that the mayor of rotterdam himself is actually a muslim . 
  also , we have ended up second place in the press freedom index again . 
  as always , finland owns us in civil liberties . 
  ( at least we still have our softdrugs and same-sex marriage ), 
  i am gon na be honest and say that while i ca n't understand a word the people in ` the killing ' or ` borgen ' are saying , it somehow sounds still very similar to dutch, 
  well then you still beat us . 
  the last time we won that was years before lordi . 
  god dammit fucking finland beat us again . 
  and i thought our herring culture was gross . 
  it 's kinda like wikipedia . 
  everybody can edit , which means facts as well as errors can get in there that much faster . 
  the crowd-based idea of this site is interesting , but it is probably both a blessing and a curse . 
  it really depends on how reputable the used sources are . 
  it sounds like voters have more of a say in who they vote for and not just the parties they vote for . 
  is n't that an improvement ? 
  bush never passed any gay marriages . 
  it was the massachusetts state government that did that at a state level in 2004 when bush happened to be president . 
  vikings , movies , ikea and fairy tales . 
  pretty much the usual stuff . 
  also , astrid lindgren . 
  dutch here : they say our defense minister actually does n't do that good of a job . 
  still , i liked it when a woman was announced for that post . 
  i think it is everywhere . 
  at least that is where i see them with their macbooks . 
  i likethw hills of limburg a lot . 
  probably because it looks different from much of the rest of the country . 
  every ( partial ) limburger i ever met . 
  i tried that . 
  but do not know of any strong stereotypes about that place out of my head . 
  lots of hipsters there , though that is the perception i have about it . 
  two starbucks coffee bars at the train station for a reason . 
  netherlands - zeeland : stingy and hardcore christian fishermen . 
  - urk and staphorst : like zeeland , but further up north . 
  - brabant : loudmouthed and annoying , but fun once you ignore all that . 
  claim their carnaval is way better than in limburg . 
  - limburg : always disenfranchised with everything the government supposedly has done to them . 
  proud of their regional culture . 
  claim their carnaval is way better than in brabant . 
  - amsterdam : loudmouthed and arrogant . 
  - friesland : obsessed with their regional culture . 
  have their own language . 
  they make up al sorts of far fetched reasons why frisian is officially recognized and more than a simple dialect . 
  - rotterdam : direct and open . 
  think they make all the money that people tax away from them in the hague and which is then spent in amsterdam . 
  - the hague : similar to rotterdam , but they feel superior to both rotterdam and amsterdam . 
  - leiden : students from rich families with awful , posh accents . 
  - almere : only people who do not have enough room in amsterdam ever want to live here . 
  - twente and the achterhoek : idem . 
  - groningen : poor people who are commies . 
  they only protest if their houses are damaged due to an earthquake near a gas drilling site . 
  it is difficult i must say . 
  at least europe should be involved in things that touch all of us , like the environment and trade , but there are also things like healthcare or cultural differences that europe should not intervene .
