  the problem is that pimps still control many of the sex workers ' lives on de wallen and similar areas elsewhere . 
  many of them are afraid to register themselves as independent business owners at the chamber of commerce , because they are afraid of the shame , their pimps or , more likely , both . 
  if we would criminalize it , however , we would be certain the pimps would control it . 
  the amsterdam local government tries to clean up the image of de wallen by closing down illegitimate brothels and turning them into fashion shops , but it only serves to transfer the prostitution circuit even further underground . 
  so what if the spd members reject a coalition with merkel ? 
  will the negotiations with cdu/csu be re-opened , or will the various parties have to start looking for a different coalition ? 
  poor belgium , sweden and germany . 
  ca n't get any worse than wim `` we are a kuntrie of undertakers '' kok . 
  it would have been less confusing if they did not do the whole conglomerations , but just cities instead . 
  a place like the hague , which has about half a million residents , would not have made it in that case . 
  i once heard one , two , three is pronounced in finnish as `` aksi , kaksi , traksi '' . 
  is this true . 
  ok i tried this being a european myself . 
  redditors , how 'd i do ? 
  well it is a very large country encompassing almost half a continent so technically it does n't matter too much . 
  i learned is some years after the cold war ended , but i sucked at it back then and i do so now . 
  the worst thing is that i , as a european , would not fare much better . 
  i always mix up all those eastern countries . 
  and in defense of these people , i fucking dare you to correctly name all us states on a map . 
  what about buying mega bloks for them ? 
  riga is fucking gorgeous . 
  love that city . 
  the biggest problem is le pen 's father , who has said some racist shit in the past , and antisemitic elements that still linger within the national front . 
  for some of those parties that is still a problem . 
  geert wilders , leader of the far-right freedom party meets with marine le pen of france 's national front . 
  the two want an alliance of similar parties throughout europe to work together in next years european elections . 
  infighting hurts the labour party . 
  the annual sinterklaas celebrations for kids start amid protests against the percieved racist character of sinterklaas ' helper zwarte piet . 
  slightly positive economic figures over the last month . 
  this !, 
  you could go on for a while with it , too . 
  this is an interesting idea . 
  it could help bust some myths and/or explain where they come from . 
  this is a nice idea . 
  perhaps we could make this a guessing game where you have to guess in which european country it was taken . 
  perhaps even try to pinpoint the exact location . 
  - once a czarist empire . 
  - anna paulowna was a princess who married one of our previous kings . 
  - communist revolution of 1917 . 
  - they beat up the nazis real bad in ww2 at stalingrad . 
  - leader of the communist eastern bloc and rival to nato led by the us . 
  - ussr existed until 1992 . 
  - many former sattelite republics split of from the ussr , many of which are now eu members . 
  - major political power throughout the centuries with leaders like nicholas ii , lenin , stalin , gorbatsjov , jeltsin and putin . 
  - now a federal republic . 
  - putin does n't like 'em queers . 
  - wodka . 
  - biggest of all nations , spanning much of europe and asia . 
  - first nation to develop space travel technology . 
  - yuri gagarin was the first man in space . 
  - great composers such as prokovjev and tsjaikovski . 
  - capital is moscow . 
  i agree , but what i mean is that the fear tactics are similar . 
  not as radical and extreme , but the mechanic is the same . 
  excellent observation , but it is not only petty fragmentation . 
  the left has increasingly accepted the neoliberal agenda of privatizationand profit over people . 
  this leaves people looking for alternatives , especially in times of economic downturn . 
  people feel they ca n't trust the government , politicians , businesses and bankers . 
  it 's an ideal climate for these far right politicians to flourish . 
  the left could do this too by returning to its roots , but it has a major disadvantage : the far right exploits our darker emotions , like fear , hate , greed , egotistical behaviour and ignorance . 
  those are much easier to invoke than leftist ideals such as solidarity , cooperation and diversity . 
  i think this has to do with whatever cultural or ethnic identity and tradition the country in question has . 
  the mechanics are always the same , though : create fear of some minority and its perceived danger to national and cultural values and exploit that politically . 
  in the netherlands many immigrant communities are muslims , as such muslims are the victim . 
  secularism and gay rights are the norm over here , thus muslims are also the biggest threat . 
  in romania it 's the roma . 
  in hungary it 's jews and gays . 
  whatever is alien to your own dominant culture or traditions works as a victim for fearmongering . 
  the object of fear is different in each country , but the fear mechanic itself is always identical . 
  it does n't matter if it is the pvv , front national , ukip , fidesz/jobbik or tea party movement . 
  fear of the unknown and dumb or at least uneducated masses are always the key ingredient . 
  if parties like these join forces in europe , it really could be dangerous . 
  perhaps not in next year 's elections , but eventually it could work and it frightens me . 
  they do after all share the anti-eu rhetoric . 
  i think we should n't underestimate the far right . 
  that has happened before in the netherlands and france , but also many other countries . 
  the unrest about eu coercion is growing . 
  if the other parties keep downplaying these as radical fringe groups , they will be dumbfounded by electoral victories of the hard right . 
  i do not see why this should not work on a european level . 
  if they can set their differences aside and agree on common interests , i do not see why this could n't work . 
  it would be beneficial to them . 
  if the more moderate factions , without the stricts racist theory , can unite , they can have a broader appeal . 
  the reason for this difference is that wilders ' party has n't got its roots in the nationalist movement , but started of as conservative split from the centre-right liberals of the vvd , one of our country 's mainstream establishment parties . 
  once wilders realized his potential - the populist right was fragmented once the split happened - , he started adopting more radical rhetoric and a more mixed economic agenda . 
  he used to be only against radical islam , but now claims moderate islam is an illusion . 
  he was strictly economically liberal , but now copies many stances from the hard left on health care , pensions , and privatization . 
  he is also very close friends with the us israel lobby . 
  the fn on the other hand has radical roots and is still home to a few anti-semitic extremists . 
  under marine le pen it has shifted from a radical position to a more moderate position , while the pvv has done the opposite to an extent where both parties now occupy a similar position in the political spectrum . 
  that is interesting . 
  with wilders and the pvv over here it is the other way around . 
  they try to hijack the gay rights movement to gain support for their ` anti-islamization ' conspiracy bullshit . 
  - 1974 world cup final , never forgive , never forget . 
  - fucking erdinger - political and economic superpower , both within europe and outside . 
  - our eastern neighbour - hitler - world wars - pragmatic and friendly nowadays . 
  - one of the founding nations of the eu . 
  - great products including food , cars and more . 
  - merkel - federal republic consisting of multiple states . 
  - many great and influential philosophers including nietzsche , schopenhauer , marx and hegel . 
  - was divided in a communist eastern part and a democratic western part .
