  sweet jesus that show is addictive . 
  it is also a great show because of the similarity between dutch and danish politics . 
  for the non-dutch . 
  this is the dutch adaptation of cbs 's `` the honeymooners '' . 
  number 3 . 
  a show you only truly get when seeing it again after 20 years . 
  this was a saturday morning cartoon for kids . 
  it was basically the same thing as ducktales , but about serious issues like racism and apartheid , refugees , the nazis , doping , corporate greed , the environment etc. 
  the show was a dutch-german-japanese co-production with the japanese expertise in animation shining through . 
  number 2 . 
  this satirical show on saturday nights was on when i was in high school and helped define me as a person . 
  most of all , though , this show came at the time our society needed it the most . 
  two wars , 9/11 , rising fear of islam , rising populism , the murder of populist politician pim fortuyn , the murder of controversial film maker theo van gogh , scandals surrounding the royal house and a general feeling of confusion in a once innocent little country defined the early 00s . 
  kopspijkers dealt with these issues with spot-on impressions of celebrities and great writing . 
  number 1 . 
  everything by van kooten en de bie , such as keek op de week and other shows by this legendary duo . 
  these guys had all sorts of characters you would meet in super markets , at work , in the park , on tv or even at home . 
  sometimes they were experts on very specific topics or populist politicians , while the next week they played hoboes in the park or grumpy teachers . 
  it was all instantly recognizable and they had a character for every situation or news topic . 
  when they did n't , they simply looked around in their own environment for a person who would fit a particular sketch . 
  still these guys are the measure for all dutch satire . 
  they have not been topped since the last episode aired in 1997 . 
  we have eagles now ? 
  do n't forget jumbo . 
  they seem to pop up everwhere like flowers in spring . 
  aldi and lidl are fucking everywhere here . 
  we do not have a very rich cuisine either , so i do not typically eat dutch food every day of the week . 
  i do not like that either but it is not uncommon to do so here in the netherlands . 
  but , yeah , mayonaise on your chips is the way to go . 
  once a massive empire . 
  most colonies have now gained independence but many still keep queen elizabeth as head of state . 
  the uk consists of four countries : england , wales , northern ireland and scotland , which share a common queen and pm . 
  scotland has a great deal of self-governance , including its own parliament . 
  many scottish people support independence . 
  capital of the uk is london . 
  - queen elizabeth ii is head of state and seems determined to remain that for the next 200 years . 
  - david cameron is the conservative pm . 
  - euroscepticism - main parties are labour and conservative ( tories ) . 
  smaller ones include liberal democrats , nationalist uk independence party and some smaller leftist , welsh and northern irish parties . 
  - first-past-the-post election system using constituencies . 
  - fish and chips ( which they ruin by pouring vinegar on it ) . 
  - most of britsh cuisine sucks anyway , but dessert are number one in the world . 
  - awesome beer . 
  - friendly natives . 
  - sports . 
  football , cricket , rugby etc. 
  - football hooligans . 
  - they like our pot . 
  - excellent cities . 
  - great nightlife . 
  - some of the most stunning countryside landscapes in europe . 
  - they drive on the left side . 
  - bbc is one of the best tv stations in the world . 
  - best fucking comedy in the world . 
  - tea . 
  we are still in recession while all the other countries around us are slowly going up . 
  i could move to belgium since they speak our language ( flanders at least ) , but that 's like twenty miles from here and the people share many cultural things and much of their history with us . 
  it would not feel completely like emigrating . 
  perhaps the uk or ireland because i speak the language there . 
  the supermarkets !, 
  there 's some really fucking huge ones in certain places , usually in the commercial centers at the outskirts of town . 
  the selection of dairy products - and not just the cheese - is huge !, 
  there 's plenty of these stores like carrefour , champion , super/hyper u , super/hypermarch \u00e9 , auchan etc. 
  you can really see french people have a refined cuisine by stepping into one of their supermarkets . 
  very informative , thank you !, 
  former communist nation . 
  capital is ljubljana . 
  slavoj szizek , an internationally well-known leftist thinker , is from slovenia . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  not much other than the genocide committed by the turks that turkey still refuses to recognise . 
  vlissingen , netherlands . 
  michiel adriaanszoon de ruyter , famous admiral in the 1600s . 
  flushing , queens is named after this town and one of many nyc neighbourhoods and boroughs with corrupted dutch names . 
  other names like this include brooklyn ( breukelen ) , harlem ( haarlem ) , the bronx ( named after a man named johannes bronck ) and staten island ( stateneiland ) . 
  nearby middelburg claims the invention of the telescope before galilei did . 
  hans lipperhey unveiled his invention in 1608 . 
  a townsman of his also claimed to have invented one before that . 
  i learned it with british english as the standard . 
  words like ` fast ' , ` ca n't ' and ` command ' were taught with a british pronunciation as the standard . 
  apart from that , words like ` labour ' and ` humour ' were written with a ` u ' in them . 
  i typically use these rules , but usually do n't try to imitate the british accent . 
  the rhotic ` r ' , like the one used in the us , canada or ireland is easier to pronounce for most dutch people so that 's usually what you hear . 
  i prefer the sound of british english though . 
  i actually prefer it with just mayonaise not the onions and curry gew\u00fcrz on it . 
  we call those ` french ' fries and the thick ones ` belgian ' . 
  what 's the difference between chips and fries in the uk ? 
  in america chips means crisps , but in the uk i thought you get the same thing when asking for chips or fries . 
  frikandel is the most glorious thing ever . 
  i still fail to see how this is not popular around the world . 
  one might also want to try kroket . 
  be careful not to burn you tongue though . 
  it is basically like a sausage made of ragout . 
  smaller versions called bitterballen are a good choice as a party snack . 
  they can also be bought in snack mixes along with things like mini frikandel , chicken nuggets and the indonesian-themed bami snacks . 
  a great invention that still does not spread throughout the world is the vending machine in which you can get fast food like frikandel , kroket or hamburgers without having to wait in line . 
  works fantastic in a country where everyone is always in haste . 
  hence why you find them in train stations . 
  we call it ` eating out of the wall ' . 
  also , we love chocolate more than anyone else . 
  everyone always talks about our southern neighbours as the chocolate capital of the world , but really we eat lots more .
