  with first-past-the-post , like in the uk or us , you can get a majority of a party not supported by the actual majority of the people . 
  a constituency of only 20.000 voters accounts for one seat . 
  if you have a constituency with 500.000 voters , it still accounts for just one seat . 
  that is fucking bullshit . 
  especially if you have stuff like the electoral college , with its winner-takes-it-all system , first-past-the-post electoral systems lead to unfair shit like with the 2000 presidential election . 
  with proportional representation , like we in the netherlands have , you have the advantage of it being a very close representation of party preferences , but candidate preferences are diminished . 
  i can cast a preference vote for someone i like on any party list . 
  even then , it is up to the parties themselves to decide wether a candidate is awarded a seat or not based upon preference votes . 
  this also comes into play when you want local representation , which is an advantage of first-past-the-post . 
  if i give a preference vote to a candidate i like from my hometown , it remains to be seen if that will matter . 
  another problem is that he or she might not be from the party i prefer , but just a good candidate nonetheless . 
  the german system fixes this problem by having two votes . 
  in last election , i had a ballot with hundreds of candidates across twenty parties , yet only two or three of these were from around my hometown . 
  i voted labour , but i hated how most of their candidates were from the large cities like amsterdam . 
  what about us in the rural areas ? 
  when selecting candidates for party lists , they have to compromise between geographical , demographical and all kinds of other factors to make it a good representation of the people . 
  local favourites might not make it on the ballot . 
  another thing that is unfair about proportional representation is that the largest party might not even be able to govern , because in such a system , coalitions are typically needed to get a majority in the country 's parliament . 
  it happened once with the labour party here in the netherlands . 
  they won by a landslide , taking more than 33 % of the vote , but they could n't come to a compromise with the second-largest party . 
  eventually , this lead to a coalition between the second - and third-largest parties over the centre-right . 
  the massive victory of the left-leaning labour party was left completely ignored . 
  with first-past-the-post , usually only one party has a majority , reducing the need to compromise electoral programmes and pretty much eliminate the risk of the largest party in parliament not being in government . 
  the german system compromises perfectly between all these problems of the other systems . 
  i think it would work well in the us , but getting anything past the two-party hurdle is practically impossible . 
  i am glad there is still a subreddit that does n't talk about ` murican politics but rather the politics of a country that i am far more dependent upon . 
  the german elections are probably the most important elections for everybody in the european union apart from the elections in their own countries . 
  ah yeah , forgot about that one . 
  i still need to see it . 
  thanks for reminding me , as i am fascinated by what life must have been like under the communist regimes of the cold war . 
  oh dear god , dutch cinema . 
  not our greatest quality , but we have something at least . 
  karakter ( character ) oscar-winning movie . 
  drama adapted from a novel by f. borderwijk . 
  have n't seen this one myself yet , but i hear it is really good : http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/karakter_%28film%29 pretty much anything else that comes to my mind is made by paul verhoeven , who is mostly known outside of the country from his thriller and sf efforts such as basic instinct , starship troopers , robocop and total recall . 
  lesser known are his dutch movies , which are worth a watch too . 
  notable ones are : turks fruit ( turkish delight ) - based on the novel of the same name by jan wolkers , one of the greatest 20th century dutch writers . 
  both the novel and the movie were controversial at the time for their liberal depiction of sex . 
  unsurprisingly , the movie and book were embraced by the counter culture of the 60s and 70s . 
  named as the best dutch film ever in 1999 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_delight_%28film%29 soldaat van oranje ( soldier of orange ) - based on the dairy of dutch ww2 resistance hero erik hazelhoff roelfzema , this movie has all the ingredients of a good ww2 film . 
  this movie is on pretty much every year in early may , when the end of ww2 is commemorated . 
  the movie was later made into a succesful musical , too . 
  it remains one of the most popular dutch films within the netherlands . 
  the score is memorable , too . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soldier_of_orange zwartboek ( black book ) - another verhoeven ww2 drama in similar vein to soldaat van oranje . 
  this one chronicles the experiences of a jewish woman in the nazi years of ww2 . 
  the main character is played by carice van houten , who is currently best known as melisandre in game of thrones . 
  named the best dutch movie ever at the 2008 dutch film festival . 
  wooden clogs , tulips , bikes , cheese , crappy mass-market beer , marihuana , windmills , cows , delft blue souvenirs , crappy uninspired folk songs , trance music , anything with cinnamon in it , deep-fried fast food , raw herring with raw onions ( do n't ask . 
  i honestly do n't know why , either ) , borecole with potatoes and smoked sausage , stampede with onions and carrots with sausage , pea soup , hookers , canals , football , speed skating ( god knows why ) , anything with the colour orange , polders , not-sure-if-racist holiday traditions . 
  it seems romania pops up in many medieval histories as a major power . 
  but perhaps that is just me . 
  - roma and sinti - ceaucescu was a crazy commie dictator during the cold war . 
  - vlad tepes , the inspiration for dracula - one of the richer cultural and historical heritages in europe . 
  - transylvania - capital : bucharest - one of the eu member states . 
  - much like with other eastern member states , many romanians have come to look for jobs in the west in recent years . 
  i see a lot of germans talking about the euroskeptic alternative f\u00fcr deutschland . 
  are they the same type of crazy anti-immigration far right-wingers as geert wilders , marine le pen or nigel farage ? 
  or are they more centre-right ? 
  this sounds like the difference between labour and the socialist party here in the netherlands , the latter of which dropped their pro-mao stances way back in the 70s . 
  now they are pretty much what labour was back then . 
  labour has gone from red to an ever paler colour of pink . 
  i do n't understand much german but if i understand this correctly the npd is as nazi as they say . 
  the image of die linke in the dutch media seems to be one of a party that appeals to a feeling of nostalgia for the old gdr . 
  i seem to recall they had a former stasi officer among their ranks a few years ago . 
  how do you feel about the controversy surrounding die linke . 
  are they really as extreme as people say ? 
  they seem more radical than the leftist socialist party is here in the netherlands . 
  it seems the most likely there will be a cdu/csu + spd coalition . 
  even if the liberals get past the five per cent treshold , it remains to be seen if there is a majority with a cdu/csu + fdp coalition . 
  yeah , from what i hear the npd is clearly part of the radical wing of the european far-right tendency , with their support for former ss members being tried in court . 
  really neo-nazi , much like golden dawn in greece . 
  after all , she 's regularly seen on the highways around the hague in the rush hours . 
  before we try to put all these far right nationalist parties in the same vein , there are racist neo-nazis but in many cases these parties are still fairly normal . 
  greece 's golden dawn is far more crazy than say , the front national in france , the norwegian progress party or the dutch freedom party . 
  in fact the freedom party is staunchly pro-israel , which makes it hardly neo-nazi . 
  the tendency is similar though , as are the reasons for voting for such parties . 
  unrest about islam , eu coercion , liberal immigration policies and economic downturn are all common reasons to vote for these rightist populists . 
  i find this trend worrying . 
  the freedom party currently leads in some polls here in the netherlands and by a rather large margin , too . 
  this scares the fuck out of me , but i think it will be difficult to form a coalition with the freedom party that has a majority . 
  a centre-right minority coalition had support from the freedom party until last year , but they pulled their support due to eu-imposed budget cuts . 
  now they are seen as too radical and unreliable . 
  the progressive parties rule out working with the them altogether .1 tl ; dr : even if the far right wins the elections , nobody else likes them enough to risk a coalition with them . 
  instead of amsterdam , try leiden or utrecht for a change . 
  gorgeous cities not far from amsterdam . 
  if you are staying in amsterdam during a holiday trip , but want to get out to another city not too far away , these are good options . 
  both are less than 30 min . 
  from amsterdam centraal by train . 
  i remember meeting a man from bruges on the train complaining about the city becoming a tourist trap and loosing some of its authenticity . 
  thanks from a zeeuw . 
  we do get a lot of tourism , it 's mostly just belgians and germans , though . 
  other foreigners really do n't look much further than the randstad , or even just amsterdam . 
  belgians like going on cycling trips in zeeland , particularly people from around antwerp . 
  what did you like most about zeeland ? 
  places like lloret are practically enclaves of the netherlands . 
  i am not surprised you saw them there . 
  yeah . 
  seems they can be found in other countries , but i have not seen any . 
  febo and smullers are the most famous chains that have the ` automatiek ' here .
