  absolutely not . 
  we were electing populists like trump years before the us . 
  remember berlusconi ? 
  le pen ? 
  their populism existed years before the gop jumped on the batshit crazy bandwagon after the tea party emerged . 
  trump is only the latest phenomenon in the same international trend brexit fits in . 
  `` rocked by '' iswydt guardian, 
  he used to , but that started changing during the 1970s . 
  if you really fucked up , piet would put you in his sack and take you back with him to spain , where st. nicholas and zwarte piet supposedly live . 
  those traditions faded , though . 
  he 's more of a candy-and-gift kind of guy now . 
  there is still controversy , but that is more focused on the black skin . 
  looks like a mix between zwarte piet and them killer clowns . 
  we ask ourselves that one regularly in the netherlands . 
  what 's this ? 
  a commie answer to mount rushmore . 
  this looks fascinating . 
  the most hardline anti- and pro-piet groups are probably gon na be against any sort of compromise , making this not really go anywhere for another year . 
  looks like the empire has invaded antwerp . 
  definitely . 
  they see constant economic growth as a dangerous thing as it requires resources we do n't have . 
  they want to put the environment before profit , which i consider left-wing . 
  they are also in the same hard-left ep group as the sp , podemos and greece 's syriza, 
  if you drive into our country from belgium it would sure seem that way . 
  i 'm glad i did n't jump on the bandwagon . 
  negative . 
  i kinda liked how the uk could be a counterweight to the sometimes overtly ambitious franco-german alliance . 
  on the other hand we 're free from britian constantly profiting from all kinds of exceptions while still being part of the common market . 
  still mostly negative , though . 
  i was happy that scotland remained in the uk last time , but honestly i think you are better of as an independent country in the eu with this brexit thing . 
  i 'd like to think there 's a parallel universe where the us is still part of a europhile version of britain and pays with the euro . 
  seriously , no more monarchy ? 
  where 'd they get that from . 
  i 'd vote remain if it were true though . 
  lies !, 
  potatoes were n't introduced in europe until the 1600s . 
  everyone knows it was really carrots . 
  the bikes , the do n't try to stand out attitude and a danish word for ` gezellig ' . 
  these guys truly are like us . 
  yes . 
  if only because we all do . 
  watching my father 's refusal to look at the manual while assembling an ikea dresser , i can attest this would have the opposite effect with him . 
  we dutch do this too when we are alone at a bus stop so the driver knows you 're not waiting for a bus that comes soon after . 
  salty licorice ? 
  it sounds good on paper but even if you factor in the programs you could abolish and replace with ubi ( student loans , welfare programs etc. ), 
  you 'd still likely not be able to afford it without increasing taxes to unhealthy levels . 
  `` you : i am from the netherlands ? '', 
  `` oh holland , right . '', 
  can you fill me in why you guys are even allowed in the esc ? 
  i am sorry , but i have never experienced a crossing into belgium by car that i could not just hear , but also physically feel . 
  they did this a couple years ago as well with the first stage starting in amsterdam . 
  it 's common to have at least a couple stages in foreign countries in the giro , tour or vuelta . 
  we 've had all three visit the netherlands in the past couple years . 
  the giro and tour even multiple times since the start of this decade . 
  come to the netherlands for real mountains . 
  the vaalserberg is 323 m. above sea level . 
  i do n't know hy but what the hell . 
  - capital is canberra . 
  other major cities include places like perth , sydney and melbourne . 
  - we explored it before the british did . 
  - was a british colony a long time . 
  - aboriginals - british commonwealth country . 
  elizabeth ii is queen . 
  - they have a different prime minister like every week . 
  - weird animals , many of which are deadly . 
  - great barrier reef - bondi beach is a world-renowned surfer hot spot . 
  - most of it is desert . 
  - opera house and ayer 's rock . 
  while many of his alternative solutions to the social ills of his day proved to be wrong later on , many of the critiques he has of capitalism are still fair . 
  things like unions , the representation of workers on company boards or the welfare state might not exist if it was n't for marx 's writings . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was still an official language . 
  til, 
  - do n't shoot me i voted ` yes ' in that referendum . 
  - civil war between pro-western ( mostly in the west ) and pro-russian groups ( mostly in the east ) . 
  - especially the eastern region are culturally similar to their russian neighbours . 
  - russian is also an official language . 
  - kyiv is the capital . 
  - co-host of the ec in 2012 with poland . 
  - next eurovision song contest is held there . 
  - the crimea was annexed by russia a while back . 
  - mh17 crash . 
  - has problems with political corruption . 
  - porosjenko is president . 
  - one of europe 's larger nations . 
  - maidan protests . 
  - former part of soviet union . 
  those damn rude germans . 
  grolsch or sometimes hertog jan. 
  i rarely drink heineken . 
  if you are looking for your regular dutch pilsner , grolsch is the best choice imo . 
  if you wan na go for something more refined , just go and buy belgian or german beer instead . 
  i vaguely remember visiting that town as a kid . 
  very picturesque . 
  storks are common in this region . 
  the stork is kind of a mascot to the alsace so i would not be surprised if they are real . 
  - island in the mediterranian sea . 
  - one of the smallest eu member states . 
  - despite having only six seats in the eu parliament , it is technically the most overrepresented member state . 
  - least populated eu member .
