  the allies blew holes the dikes , making the walcheren peninsula almost completely flooded to drive away the nazi 's . 
  many lost their homes . 
  my grandmother was actually one of them . 
  her father had a farm near the fort . 
  the local farmers used the old corridors as a place to store their horse carriages . 
  if you wanted to open the gates to the fort , you had to ask my great-grandfather for a big , foot-long key . 
  after the ww2 flood , my grandmother and her parents had to be relocated . 
  it took many months before the area was fully drained and years until everyone had been compensated and new farms had been constructed . 
  many people where required by the government to assist in the construction of their own new homes . 
  the fort still stands , mostly unchanged . 
  it looks really old and it 's gotten very creaky over the years . 
  but that 's the charm of it . 
  the badly damaged parts have been repaired a few years back . 
  it 's govered in grass , which gives it a distinctly ancient look . 
  it almost feels like a dungeon straight out of a zelda game . 
  it 's actually kinda hidden away between the woods and the sea . 
  as a kid , that really added to the adventurous feel to me . 
  fuck that shit . 
  you did better than i would . 
  i am european . 
  i thought it was great when i was a kid growing up in the 90s . 
  saudi arabia +20 for the female candidate . 
  i am not sure that 's quite the same dish . 
  the name ` kapsalon ' is dutch for barber shop . 
  there was a guy in rotterdam who owned a barber shop and needed a quick lunch , but did n't know what to pick so he had everything thrown together . 
  hence the name . 
  it 's been around for about 10-15 years now . 
  it 's fairly new . 
  i think it 's shitty myself simply because i absolutely despise garlic sauce . 
  i ca n't comprehend why so many people like it so much . 
  kapsalon . 
  a calory bomb made from kebabs , fries , garlic sauce and lettuce all mashed together , topped with cheese and grilled . 
  to be fair , we love ikea here . 
  flammkuchen is delicious . 
  snp is economically on the left , much like labour and greens . 
  i rarely hear people use ` apenstaartje ' anymore . 
  ` at ' is where it 's at . 
  if you ask me , it 's chateau , a brand sold at aldi supermarkets . 
  there are certainly things where the eu has a democratic deficit , but there are always going to be people who feel ignored , simply because you ca n't please everyone . 
  a representative democracy rests on the idea that we elect representatives whom we consider to be likely to make the right decisions on our behalf . 
  part of the euroskeptic criticisms are fair , others are simply based on expectations that are unrealistic within a representative democracy . 
  there will always be different people with different opinions . 
  keeping them all happy is inherently impossible . 
  [ meneer de president ] ( https://youtu.be/iiej7lydc1g ) ( mr. president ) an anti-vietnam song by boudewijn de groot . 
  at least op made an informed decision . 
  many ` no ' voters voted against it simply out of euroskepticism , which is something i do n't like . 
  i voted for it , but i have little issue with those people who voted against it based on solid argumentation rather than the euroskeptic circlejerk in this country . 
  a lot of ` no ' voters simply wanted to say ` fuck you ' to the eu , like those guys from burgerplatform eu . 
  the problem is that there 's little in particular that people voted against in this deal . 
  the referendum was just a hijacked tool for euroskeptics to strike back at the eu with . 
  almost nobody gave a fuck about the details . 
  hoping for a low turnout in the larger cities like the hague or amsterdam . 
  that might pull the turnout below 30 % . 
  this is one of the prettiest squares in europe . 
  the art nouveau city centre of riga is gorgeous . 
  the law is only about a ` consultational referendum ' . 
  however , ignoring the result is politically dangerous . 
  if the governing parties do so , it 's perfect fuel for populists less than a year before the 2017 elections . 
  denmark : lego netherlands : heineken , shell , philips uk : bp , cadbury , bbc france : citroen , peugeot , renault germany : mercedes-benz , volkswagen italy : panini , ferrari sweden : ikea finland : nokia, 
  i 'm really pissed how a bunch of perpetually angry euroskeptics uses this referendum law to vent their anger at the possible expense of ukranians who want a better relationship with the west . 
  i 'm strongly leaning `` yes '' but i 'm in doubt . 
  if it ends up being lower than 30 % turnout , the result is not recognized . 
  staying home can help make that happen . 
  but if ends up being more than 30 % , i 'll hate myself for not having voted . 
  so does this mean iceland will really have a pirate pm soon ? 
  part of their decline is their own success . 
  the welfare states , the creation of which the socialists took a big part in , have become so widely accepted across the political spectrum that they are n't that big of a sell anymore . 
  nationalist parties score big by combining social conservatism , anti-immigration talk and anti-eu policies with a more traditional version of the welfare state policies of the social democrats . 
  the blue collar base is tempted by those parties . 
  what remains of the social democrats is largely higher educated people . 
  the traditional coalition of workers and intellectuals that led social democracy to its greatest victories has been shattered . 
  it translates as something like `` of ball 's throwing '' . 
  literally in the first sentence of our national anthem , actually : `` wilhelmus van nassauwe ben ik van duitsen bloed '' ( william of nassau i am of german blood ), 
  one could make the same case against a ` no ' vote by saying it is a vote in favour of putin . 
  as corrupt as the government is , i 'd personally still see more potential for change if kiev is under the influence of brussels rather than moscow . 
  seriously , their ` no ' campaign makes me not want to vote for them anymore . 
  i was considering voting for them next year , but i am now leaning green . 
  i 'm interested to hear why you will vote no as a ukranian yourself . 
  charlie hebdo have balls of titanium . 
  they really give zero fucks . 
  none until it happens . 
  btw we did n't have any islamic terrorist attacks here in the netherlands unless you count the theo van gogh murder and that was way back in ' 04 . 
  raclette grill ... as is dutch tradition . 
  i actually meant i was not surprised we are better at cricket than football . 
  they have ? 
  as a dutchman i now absolutely nothing about cricket , but i 'm not surprised . 
  do n't ever mention you do not know who cruijff is to a catalan . 
  this is literally the worst year for dutch football ever . 
  outside of the netherlands , spain is probably by far the country where he is best known . 
  keep calm and neem nog nen goede zak frieten . 
  eastern europe can into glorious new capitalist electricity grid . 
  did n't work here . 
  our populist party have firmly proven to be the crazy protest party . 
  we dutch had a liberal/christian democrat right-wing coalition a few years back which got parliamentary support from geert wilders and his freedom party in exchange for some influence in key topics like europe and immigration . 
  big mistake that lasted only for a year and a half before it collapsed . 
  the bundesrat composition is based on coalitions governing in each of the states right ? 
  holy shit . 
  afd did well in sachsen-anhalt . 
  i know , right . 
  we have this tweety-shaded monstrosity in my area , for example : http://www.industrielicht.nl/media/media/afb042.jpg,
