  some problems with corruption from what i hear . 
  sofia is the capital . 
  forgot about that . 
  norway is the only other country that really seems to give a shit about that . 
  this is the silliest example of belgian language chauvinism i have heard in along while . 
  belgium is only a few miles from my house , yet at times it can be so hard to understand a place so close by . 
  also i like how the mayor of that town has a french name . 
  sprummerall sound like it could be a word in a scandinavian language . 
  - another one of those scandinavian countries . 
  you know , the ones that always seem to do everything just that little bit better than we do . 
  ( except football . 
  we have spain or germany to be runners-up to when it comes to that . ), 
  - high taxes and shop prices , but also free healthcare and education . 
  living standards among the highest in the world . 
  - nice wooden houses . 
  - attractive and friendly people ... - ... but also anders breivik . 
  - capital is oslo . 
  - they have a king and queen and a social democrat as prime minister . 
  - oil . 
  - gorgeous nature with mountains and fjords . 
  pretty scenery with great roads and you can camp pretty much anywhere you want . 
  - the norman invasion . 
  - it 's the one i always get mixed up with sweden ( the latter is the ikea one , i know that much ) - trolls , fairies and mythology . 
  - the only scandinavian country without eu membership . 
  herman koch - the dinner was on the nyt bestseller list a while back . 
  thanks !, 
  i have been wondering what that was for the past two years . 
  la marseillaise , the french national anthem , is still great . 
  when we had to do a school assignment in riga a few years back , that was one of the first things we learned about latvia . 
  the supposed love you guys share with us for potatoes . 
  speaking of buses in riga . 
  the airport uses our old dutch public transport buses to get you to the terminal from the airplane . 
  this is interesting stuff . 
  i have always been fascinated by commie cold war imagery , which you can still find many traces of in the former eastern bloc . 
  what i noticed was that the three pillars that make it up are shaped like a five-pointed star like the red star symbol used by the ussr . 
  the ` herioc soldier ' statues adorning it also struck me as very ussr/communist in style . 
  a few kilometres further down the road , at the banks of the daugava river , not far from the city centre , i saw this statue , which was surrounded by grating and sealed off so you could not touch it : https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/249865_223311427697319_2561015_n.jpg the heroic , flag waving characters seemed like a relic from soviet times . 
  it looked like it had been removed from someplace more prominent , like near the war memorial , or was about to be removed . 
  could this have anything to do with the controversy surrounding russian monuments . 
  do any of you latvian redditors recognize it ? 
  pic is from early summer 2011 . 
  is this indeed soviet in origin ? 
  it intrigues me and i want to know a bit more about it , but i could not find anything . 
  we say letland . 
  i actually remember seeing lots of wooden houses once you left the city centre that had clearly seen some better days . 
  but i am pretty sure most of the houses were made of stone or concrete bricks . 
  strange name is n't it ? 
  allow me to explain . 
  riga was part of the hansetic league , a large group of northern european trading and port cities spanning several countries . 
  these towns were all known as important trading hubs during the 1600s and 1700s and typically attracted many merchants . 
  the blackheads was the name given to a group of young and wealthy , but unmarried german businessmen . 
  they lived there together until they married and settled in a house of their own with their wives . 
  the building looks authentic , but it was actually destroyed in ww2 and not reconstructed until the second half of the 1990s . 
  i remember being kindly asked by police officers to leave when visiting the freedom memorial at night . 
  they are really careful to keep it nice and tidy . 
  during the day they do n't mind it , though . 
  the middle one of the baltics . 
  capital is riga , which is the largest city in the baltics . 
  lovely city with great nightlife and beautiful art nouveau houses . 
  the house of the blackheads and the russian-orthodox cathedral are gorgeous . 
  many parks and beer gardens , too . 
  ass good a place as any to grab a beer . 
  latvia was under soviet rule for decades , but is now part of the eu . 
  despite the troubles in the eurozone , the country is determined to push through on adopting the euro currency . 
  there is a large russian minority in latvia , which is very much present in the business scene . 
  i remember once visiting a 1980s soviet war memorial in riga , which is considered a place of great importance by the city 's large ( 40 % ) russian community , but latvians often want it to be torn down . 
  they see it as a symbol of communist oppression . 
  then there is balsam , a strong as fuck alcoholic drink . 
  zonde van de zendtijd has also been broadcasted by the vpro . 
  the people , beer , waffles and most of all fries . 
  i was referring to tsatsiki sauce . 
  - thousands of years old civilization . 
  - democracy and the republic . 
  - philosophers like aristotle , plato and more . 
  - mythology . 
  - alexander the great . 
  although i believe macedonia claims him as well . 
  - economic troubles . 
  - political radicalism on the rise . 
  - high unemployment . 
  - popular tourist destination . 
  - olympics . 
  - feta cheese , souflaki , uzo , gyros , yoghurt and cucumber sauce . 
  - capital is the ancient city of athens . 
  - many islands such as kos , crete , samos and more . 
  absolutely nothing , really . 
  the last time i heard about moldova was when dragostea din tei by o-zone was a summer hit . 
  i have not used microsoft office for years . 
  all i ever need to do with office , openoffice and libreoffice can do just as fine . 
  one of the baltic countries , together with estonia and latvia . 
  the three made the longest ever human chain in protest of soviet occupation at the end of the cold war . 
  this was known as the baltic chain . 
  of the three , lithuania is the southernmost one . 
  lithuania is a republic with vilnius being its capital . 
  has a russian minority like the other baltic nations . 
  i do n't know if there is as much anomisity towards the russians as there is in latvia . 
  that is the only baltic country i have been in so far . 
  at least you guys have south park , the greatest and edgiest satirical show ever bestowed upon the world and easily up there with the best of british humour . 
  ( matt and trey are massive monty python fans ), 
  borgen is the greatest show i have discovered in thepast year .
