  i have no idea what it means without reading that wikipedia page but it sounds convincingly german . 
  googled `` lelijkste gebouwen van nederland '' ( ugliest buildings in the netherlands ) and this is the first result : town hall of hardenberg : http://www.eenvandaag.nl/uploads/item/hardenberg.jpg this could have looked better had it not been so piss-coloured . 
  not just roads . 
  railway stations in belgium are fucking depressing too . 
  that 's the difference . 
  we use that to actually take care of our roads . 
  with hungary 's ` close the border ' policies this does n't seem as contradictory as it used to be . 
  it 's interesting to see scotland is far less euroskeptic . 
  this is common during carnaval here in the netherlands as well . 
  the whole idea is to use the lighthearted nature of the holiday to poke fun at serious topics . 
  it 's not any different than a comedian or a cartoonist doing this . 
  or the king . 
  this perfectly sums up my feelings when i hear euroskeptics talk . 
  most of it by facebook and twitter feeds . 
  i also read the newspaper and watch the news , but i 'd say that social media are my most used way to get news . 
  reddit i browse as well but that gives you a very warped worldview so i generally do n't consider it a good way to get the bigger picture . 
  there is some pretty heinous and racist shit on social media , though . 
  sometimes even inciting violence . 
  but usually most of the people who talk the talk do n't walk the walk . 
  it seems a little harsh to police people around because they said something on social media . 
  people have bigger mouths than hearts . 
  i am mostly patriotic towards things like sports and holidays/traditions . 
  political patriotism to fuel rampant nationalism i profoundly dislike . 
  this is only a fair criticism . 
  the afd has no seats , but clearly has a shot at getting some and definitely deserves attention in the debate . 
  almere centrum railway station : http://cropped.nl/domains/cropped.nl/public_html/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/videoproductie-almere.jpg hofpoort , a concrete monstrosity in rotterdam : https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8546/8641366962_013113668a_z.jpg the library of rotterdam , in my opinion a good candidate for the ugliest building in the entire country : http://www.geekdebibliotheek.nl/uploads/tx_powermail/2608319.jpg zep , middelburg . 
  whoever tought that bright yellow colour was a good idea ? 
  it looks so artificial . 
  it 's in fact a little too dutch in all its modern artificiality . 
  http://www.zeelandvakantiewoningen.nl/cmslib/www.zeelandvakantiewoningen.eu/zeva/watersport/huge/web_de_voerbalexperience.jpg this house in tilburg actually can move along a rail . 
  nobody lives there , it 's just meant as art . 
  a cool idea , but in reality it looks but-ugly standing there on that roundabout . 
  holy fucking shit ... 
  it sounds kinda similar , but i ca n't follow any episode of borgen without the subtitles . 
  the sounds are the same , but it 's utterly incomprehensible . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the best shot is hoping that three parties will be just enough for a majority . 
  most coalitions consist of two or three parties ideologically fairly close to one another . 
  if you need four or more , you are likely looking at coalitions of ideologically more diverse parties , making compromise harder . 
  it could be an everyone against geert wilders kind of coalition , perhaps even requiring four or five parties for a majority . 
  the thing i am personally worried about is why climate change is so fucking low on this list . 
  snow is part of mythology here in the netherlands . 
  christmas goes on for two days here in the netherlands , the 25th and 26th . 
  today we celebrate at my sister 's . 
  tomorrow we will go to my uncle and aunt 's . 
  we have a racist version of this one where a dutchman throws a moroccan out of the plane . 
  i do think of the guardian as fairly progressive itself though . 
  at least they do n't mistake sinterklaas for a christmas figure like american and british media do every year . 
  here people go to church on the 24th on christmas eve . 
  as a gift-giving holiday , sinterklaas is much bigger . 
  when you look at spending money on food , christmas is probably the biggest thing . 
  plus christmas has two days . 
  so speaking strictly about how much money people put in it , i think it probably is the main holiday of the year . 
  some people also have gifts on christmas . 
  raclette is huge on christmas and new year 's alike here . 
  dutch here . 
  we often have them on christmas . 
  according to this map , that mighy be a local thing , though . 
  maybe i live too close to belgium . 
  spainards of reddit . 
  what did you vote for ? 
  and what coalition do you think will govern spain the next couple years ? 
  or will they just have to call another election within a few weeks ? 
  a referendum on gay rights . 
  basically the democratic right to deny others their human rights . 
  some things should not be up to a vote because they actually make some of less free . 
  so spanish redditors , what party did you vote for and why ? 
  to put this in a party perspective : pp is like : cdu ( germany ) , les republicains ( france ) , new democracy ( greece ) . 
  part of epp group in eu parliament . 
  psoe is like : labour ( uk ) , spd ( germany ) , ps ( france ) . 
  part of s&d group in eu parliament . 
  ciudadanos is like : d66 ( netherlands ) liberal democrats ( uk ) . 
  part of the progressive current within the alde group in the eu parliament . 
  podemos is like : syriza ( greece ) , die linke ( germany ) , socialist party ( netherlands ) . 
  part of the gue/ngl group in the eu parliament . 
  well , welcome to the athentic dutch christmas experience . 
  10 degrees celsius at least with weather that 's anything but frightening . 
  well , everything is flat so risks of injury are minimal if it does freeze and you slip . 
  no avalanches here . 
  where are you from op ? 
  white christmases are the stuff of myth and legends here . 
  they only happen once or twice every decade . 
  so what exactly is this ` euro 2016 ' thing and this ` football ' you speak of ? 
  still better than belgium from my experience . 
  i do n't know what turkish highways are like , but once you leave our perfectly kept roads and enter belgium , a raspy noise accompanies your journey until you cross over into france where roads are excellent and smooth again . 
  it 's mostly the colour itself that 's controversial . 
  many black people feel it 's a caricature of a black man . 
  the slavery connotation stems mostly from a historical context that only amplifies the controversy even further . 
  zwarte piet is already much less of a servant and more distinguished than he used be . 
  i personally would n't mind if piet would have smudges of soot instead of a fully blackened face . 
  couple that with the removal of the earrings and the afro hairdo and it would go a long way to reduce the racial element while keeping the essence of the story intact . 
  many dutch people are very conservative on this and do n't really take the time to consider what the image of zwarte piet means for some people . 
  if you got teased and called `` zwarte piet '' just for looking a bit different from most of your classmates in the schoolyard , it 's not just an innocent fairy tale anymore , even if is not meant to be racist . 
  that 's why i think we need to alter it . 
  piet is n't the same servant/bogeyman he was in the fifties , so change to his character is nothing new . 
  here st. nicholas or * sinterklaas * is a really big deal . 
  he goes accompanied by [ zwarte piet ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=zwarte+piet&amp;rlz=1y3gqqx_nlnl595nl595&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjo3oav-cxjahwdpg8khsixbfaq_auibygb ) it 's exactly as controversial as you imagine it to be . 
  this seems extremely similar to the situation here with wilders , who seems to pick up more than 25 % of the vote . 
  it frightens the fuck out of me despite the fact nobody really wants to govern with him . 
  i think within a few years , if voters become more open to it , it might actually turn electorally beneficial for fn to become more pro-lgbt rights .
