  it 's worth it to see the intricate mechanisms inside them . 
  many are open as a tourist attraction . 
  giethoorn a small town in which some houses are only accessible by boat . 
  picturesque and well worth seeing . 
  it 's like a tiny venice . 
  binnenhof the dutch parliament building in the hague is one of the most impressive buildings in the country . 
  the small tower looking over the left side of the pond is the office of the prime minister . 
  be sure to check out the main square . 
  here does one find ministries , the houses of parliament and the knight 's hall , where the king holds his annual speech in which the government 's plans are revealed . 
  still looks pretty close to the town center , though . 
  oost-souburg , the netherlands . 
  glorious residential area architecture that could just as well have been in any other place in the country : http://i.imgur.com/zogip3g.jpg, 
  is this near the dam ? 
  probably uk/ireland . 
  outside of the english-speaking world it would probably be scandinavia , benelux or any german-speaking countries . 
  i do n't personally know of any places in friesland or elsewhere where that name is common . 
  i have heard there is a part of michigan with lots of dutch heritage and towns with names like zeeland and holland . 
  exactly where are you from if i may ask ? 
  and what 's your family name , perhaps i know where your ancestors most likely ended up . 
  many names of calvinist families in the netherlands are corruptions of french names . 
  colijn , which comes from the french colin is a common one . 
  especially in southern france there where many protestants . 
  i remember seeing protestant churches and a memorial there dating back to the days when they gained equal rights to the dominant catholics . 
  i myself live in zeeland where many people have huguenot ancestors . 
  pretty much all shows broadcasted and made by tros . 
  i do n't know if neighbours is still on here , but i 'm pretty sure it still is on belgian tv which we have access to . 
  those shows did lead to this gem , though : http://youtu.be/bv3tfauw3vq, 
  i swear to god this is what i thought of instead of any dutch show . 
  even here they do occasional reruns of this show . 
  the 1600s , the days of artists like rembrandt and vermeer , great thinkers and scientists , explorers and traders . 
  the level of freedom of speech was unlike anywhere in the world , leading to an age of economic , intellectual , artistic and cultural dominance . 
  protestants came to seek refuge from all over and freethinkers sent their heretical documents to amsterdam to get them published . 
  and slavery too , unfortunately . 
  i think they are very much like i am right now after googling for a bit : `` hang on , there . 
  the republika srpska is not the same thing as serbia ? '', 
  i would say belgian fries , but if we exclude pizza , fries should n't count either . 
  i am gonne go with burgundian beef from france . 
  that shit is insane . 
  as long as it is not about pot , hookers and gay marriage clich\u00e9s , it 's mostly positive . 
  if an american late night host talks about us , our media take notice . 
  it 's apparently a classic bullying scenario . 
  two other boys around the same age have now been arrested as well . 
  about the same age . 
  the boy beat upthe girl . 
  most people do n't fall for it , but there 's enough of them to be the largest party in the country . 
  does n't matter . 
  took the selfie . 
  do n't believe all the gay-friendly paradise stories to strongly . 
  while we are still one of the most gay-friendly countries , many homosexuals fall victim to hate crimes . 
  many people from immigrant communities are still fairly homophobic , particularly in groups that hail from muslim nations . 
  netherlands : - a video of a teenage boy violently abusing a girl pops up on the internet . 
  the boy has been suspended from school . 
  - the mayor of tilburg and a construction company present plans for a new gay-friendly neighbourhood where lgbt citizens can live safely . 
  a day later it is revealed to be a hoax . 
  the mayor is criticized for giving false information to the media . 
  he defends himself by explaining that the idea was to spark a debate about how we should adress the growing feeling of insecurity among lgbts . 
  - the netherlands beat australia 3-2 in a thriller of a match . 
  the win was hard-fought when the aussies turned out to be unexpectedly dominant in the first half . 
  in the second half , oranje restored some of the sheen it had against spain and took the lead after an gorgeous far-off hit by memphis depay . 
  - the bag of one two missing young women has been found in panama , along with confirmed dna material of one of them . 
  grillo an farage in one group ? 
  sounds like a rather colourful group of parties with little common ground other than euroskepticism . 
  dom tower in utrecht i think . 
  i am generally dissapointed with labour in this cabinet , but timmermans is a damn good minister . 
  and now i discovered he also likes got . 
  interesting speech . 
  not during world cup matches . 
  i want both eliminated as soon as possible , but if i have to pick one , i 'll go with portugal . 
  reason : dutch, 
  vatican city . 
  crime percentage is high as fuck down there . 
  raw herring !, 
  i never tried it and i do n't feel the need to change that . 
  the netherlands : fundamentalist christians in the town of barneveld go apeshit about the roy donders juichpak , an orange football supporter suit you can get at jumbo supermarkets . 
  apparently the slogan ` we geven ze op hun donders ' , which means something like ` we will kick their butts ' , is blasphemous . 
  the word ` donders ' is a reference to roy donders , the designer of the suit . 
  donders is a very common last name in his hometown of tilburg . 
  i thought ` donders ' had not been a swearword in the dutch language for at least 50 years , but apparently barneveld thinks otherwise . 
  meanwhile the suits are all out of stock . 
  i think it would be too hard to squeeze all that into the curricculum . 
  netherlands : the exit poll for the election - held on thursday here - suggests a huge victory for the pro-european d66 party ( liberal democrats/centrists ) . 
  the christian democratic appeal is winning back support after struggling for a few years . 
  these two seem to be the two strongest parties this election . 
  the governing pvda ( labour ) and vvd ( liberal right ) do n't lose as much votes as expected and the leftist socialist party made gains . 
  the biggest surprise however , was the drop in support for the far-right anti-eu freedom party ( pvv ) , which was projected by some pollsters as the party that would win . 
  they lost two of their five current seats , however . 
  the low turnout has likely benefited the pro-european voters , while wilders failed to rally euroskeptics like he did so succesfully five years ago . 
  another possible explanation is the continued infighting within wilders ' ranks . 
  many heavyweights have left the party due to its increasingly radical anti-immigrant stance ( wilders recently said he wanted ` less morroccans ' ) and wilders ' autocratic party leadership . 
  more moderate former supporters now feel alienated by wilders uncompromising rhetoric . 
  this personally bothers the fuck out of me . 
  it 's always about what the eu means for the netherlands , but rarely about european politics at large . 
  endless rows of similar houses on the outside , ikea on the inside . 
  much of this euroskepticism stems from the fact that european politics are rather complex and difficult to grasp . 
  it 's a game of give and take . 
  many people feel uncertain about the future in times of crisis . 
  the euroskeptic parties blame the eu for these things , providing aneasy target for voters . 
  some of it is based on legitimate concerns , at other times it 's just crazy regressive nationalism . 
  i wanted to vote for groenlinks ( greens/efa ) but due to an internship i have n't been in my town of residence for a while . 
  basically identical to how the rise of our own euroskeptics of the pvv is portrayed .
