  it 's a very bumpy obstacle on the way to france . 
  there 's a brand sold in lidl super markets over here in the netherlands called oettinger , which is at least ten times more disgusting than any cheap super market lager i have ever had , including ol' heini . 
  i 'm not familiar with this brand , but if it is that bad , what the fuck is wrong with you guys ? 
  you are belgians , you have the best and widest beer selection on the planet . 
  why be like us and settle with horse wee ? 
  the moules they really mostly buy from us though . 
  `` come on guys , they 're all inside browsing reddit . 
  this is the moment we 've been waiting since 1830 for . '', 
  - former communist state - capital is sofia - nato and eu member - one of the bigger eu countries . 
  sorry , not much . 
  lukashenko , once described by the white house as the last true dictator of europe . 
  capital is minsk . 
  former warsaw pact nation . 
  - netherlands , we associate argentina primarliy with the queen . 
  - i loved prague , chzech republic . 
  - boeuf bourgignon , a french beef dish . 
  - sweden . 
  let us then march further east to ~ ~ finally get rid of finland ~ ~ finally confirm finland does not exist . 
  the frikandel is a notable marvel in the fight against food waste . 
  it 's actually quite a conscious snack to have because it 's made of the little chunks of meat left on the bone that would otherwise go to waste and be discarded . 
  we do that , too , but new year 's eve is the main occassion to eat them . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's fried so it 's actually pretty greasy . 
  which admittedly is otherwise an increasingly rare trait in his party . 
  even the donald has more friends . 
  she looks like jesus in the last supper painting standing there like that . 
  - one of the poorer european nations . 
  - chose the side of china and left the warsaw pact under stalinist dictator enver hoxha . 
  - capital is tirana . 
  jealous northerners again . 
  that 's the first order , actually . 
  it 's the successor to the empire . 
  but it 's probably true for the classic trilogy empire too . 
  mr speaker , the representatives from r/thenetherlands unanimously support this measure . 
  the island of cyprus is split between two parts historically linked to greece and turkey . 
  there used to be a lot of tension there . 
  capital is nicosia i believe . 
  that 's no moon ... 
  ik shall now proceed to eat my earth apples and famer 's cabbage with smoke sausage . 
  - stockholm is the capital . 
  - they have really good-looking people there . 
  - eu member - constitutional monarchy - part of the scandinavian and nordic countries . 
  - known for its good social security and healthcare systems . 
  thank goodness that never happened . 
  where the fuck is the leaning toer of pisa ? 
  is n't that the most clich\u00e9 picture ever . 
  i am offended trump blamed the chinese instead of us . 
  what is this repulsive ` sea ' phenomenon you speak of ? 
  while none of the other countries are watching , we will one day polder the seven seas . 
  they will notice only when it 's too late to avoid our world domination . 
  looks like i 'll have to visit both talinn and vilnius then . 
  i really loved riga 's art nouveau city centre , but i 'm curious about the other two being a different experience . 
  you think this is taking long ? 
  as a dutchman i think that 's kinda funny . 
  this city is high on my bucket list . 
  i did visit riga in nearby latvia a few years ago , so i 'm curious now about the other two baltic states . 
  what would fellow reddittors say are the main difference between riga , talinn and vilnius ? 
  not now . 
  but i 'm not sure about what i 'll say when you ask me again in 2035 . 
  - seat of the catholic church and the pope . 
  - smallest nation in the world . 
  - also known as vatican city or the holy see . 
  - st. peter 's square is disputed with rome . 
  - used to be a part of rome and italy , which it is surrounded by . 
  - new pope is chosen by cardinals in the sistene chapel . 
  white smoke indicates the conclave has concluded and there is a pope . 
  - michelangelo 's `` the last judgment '' . 
  - has its own football team . 
  - there are vatican euro coins . 
  i like how a galactic overlord is n't even the most evil person on that stage . 
  `` the bouquet residence , galactic overlord of the house speaking ! '', 
  so what happens now ? 
  who can she work with ? 
  will they need to form a coalition or can the tories be locked out of downing street ? 
  and what about brexit . 
  does this mean we will probably get the ` soft brexit ' variant . 
  in the very least i hope there 's a hung parliament . 
  a tiny monarchy in the alps clutched between switzerland and austria . 
  i really do not know much more about it other than that they speak german . 
  i imagine this is to austrians ans swiss what luxembourg is to us or the belgians : that little third brother you kinda forget about . 
  in the netherlands it 's crispy . 
  basically like a giant chicken nugget of sorts with lettuce and sauce . 
  this is me too . 
  which is 80 % of the country . 
  is that finished yet ? 
  last time i checked they had just finished the railway station next to it . 
  to be fair , have you ever tried mcdonald 's abroad . 
  i have ordered a mcchicken here in the netherlands , in germany and in the uk and got something totally different each time . 
  we have a place called sexbierum . 
  - capital is prague , gorgeous city . 
  - there is a church with an interior made of bones . 
  - was part of the warsaw pact . 
  - used to be one country with slovakia throughout most of the 20th century . 
  - prague spring . 
  - vaclav havel . 
  a somewhat bigger type of pickle is actually called `` zure bom '' here as well , which is dutch for `` sour bomb '' because of being preserve in vinegar . 
  it 's interesting to see a variant on something like ` agurk ' in so many places to refer to a cucumber . 
  in dutch , `` augurk '' is what we say when referring to a pickle . 
  - helsinki is the capital . 
  - best education system in the world .
