  oh , and zeeuws-vlaanderen is best vlaanderen . 
  this is one of his better pictures though . 
  everything beyond the former iron curtain is eastern europe to many in the west . 
  riga is gorgeous . 
  the old town is fantastic . 
  was there a few years ago when it was n't totally spoiled by other western tourists like myself yet . 
  i do n't know how it is now , but at the time it definitely did n't have as many western visitors as , say , prague or krakow . 
  mark rutte , prime minister https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_rutte mark rutte is actually single , allowing him to devote a lot of time to his job , but it also leads to speculations of him being a closet homosexual . 
  leader of the people 's party for freedom and democracy ( vvd ) a liberal , centre-right party . 
  he 's known as a follower of the merkel line of austerity , reform and low deficits . 
  in 2010 , he became the first vvd leader to win the elections and the party 's first pm . 
  after his minority right-wing coalition of liberals and christian democrats lost the parliamentary support of wilders and his freedom party in 2012 , elections were held in which the vvd won again . 
  the vvd entered into a difficult coalition with the centre-left labour party , in which both parties were forced to break key promises . 
  so far , rutte 's pragmatism has been helpful in preventing the goverment from collapsing . 
  rutte constantly has to look for majorities in the senate , where the governing parties alone do n't have enough seats . 
  so far , rutte has been doing this remarkably well . 
  even his opponents consider him a skilled and capable leader whose old-fashioned dutch pragmatism saved his cabinet many times . 
  i know exactly how you feel , op . 
  europe was based on solidarity . 
  countries were made economically intertwined with one another in order to prevent them from fighting with one another again . 
  in reality , it 's become a vehicle for member states to try and weasel enough benefits from brussels rather than a real union . 
  it 's a compromise between competing interests instead of a true commitment to our commonly shared interests and values . 
  the finsncial institutions havd enormous power and the neoliberal models turn out to be dominant once the shit hits the fan . 
  i still want to believe in europe . 
  i went from a euroskepric to a pro-eu kind of person . 
  now , i just do n't know anymore . 
  nobody has because back in 2002 it was simply declared inconcievable that the glorious common currency might implode . 
  a big problem is that greece is constantly forced to pick its poison : - corrupt old parties that fucked up vs. syriza and its unrealistic populism . 
  - even more austerity vs. leaving the eurozone . 
  all those unemployed young people like op have had no part in all this stuff yet they bear the burden . 
  same for pensioners , entrepeneurs , govt . 
  personell etc. 
  this whole affair so sad for all of us as well , as it undermines what europe was supposed to be about : solidarity and cooperation between nations , the idea that we are all in this together . 
  when shit hits the fan , we act together . 
  but in reality , everybody is only focused on their own countries . 
  ` what benefits can i grab for my country ? ', 
  jfk famously said ` ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for your country ' . 
  europen governments should start asking a similar question : ` ask not what europe can do for your country , but what your country can do for europe ' . 
  in reality it remains stuck in a conflict of national interests . 
  as more power is transferred to the eu , the divisions between countries become all the more clear , especially between the north and the south . 
  this is where all these short-sighted opinions that op rightfully complains about come from . 
  i am not a eurosceptic . 
  i still love the idea of a united , peaceful europe . 
  after all , we fought with each other for centuries until we decided we did n't want this anymore . 
  i am however shocked at how much of an argument the eurosceptics have these days . 
  what does the euro and the eu still mean if you are an unemployed phd student or a pensioner in greece ? 
  mostly negative things . 
  there 's an increased amount of new divisions in europe that brussels fails to cope with . 
  i am unsure what that means . 
  does it mean we need to decentralize power again , like the eurosceptics argue ? 
  or does it mean the opposite in that we are indeed not united enough yet and need to follow the federalist path ? 
  i do n't know anymore . 
  i went through my euroskeptic phase , then i became more of a federalist , but now i just do n't know . 
  it makes me deeply concerned . 
  that is n't the issue here . 
  the issue is that less paid hours of labour means less income tax to actually pay for such a system . 
  you 'd have to look for alternatives . 
  a tax hike on wealth as opposed to income , like thomas piketty propagates , could be a start . 
  i still think it will probably cost too much to make it unconditional , but perhaps it might be an idea to provide it only to the poor like in utrecht and dauphin . 
  this is my main issue with this idea . 
  the danger is that people work less hours , like in dauphin . 
  while it might be great that people instead took maternity leave or went to college , it still means they earn less wages through labour . 
  those wages could otherwise be taxed to afford such as system . 
  basic income is like a two-edged sword : on one hand it allows people to work less hours , but on the other it also requires a tax hike to afford it . 
  this is what many gay people told me . 
  they like the pride events but just as regular visitors lining the streets . 
  til we are like a furry-topia . 
  i thought prague was really gorgeous . 
  i also liked london . 
  especially the subway is fascinating . 
  it 's almost like a little , self-contained universe on its own . 
  if you count the saints , st. nicholas , st. martin are two that are still definitely a thing . 
  there 's no tradition around one 's given name , but there 's the usual saint 's days . 
  after the reformation , the new protestant rulers tried to do away with these traditions as they were rooted in the catholic concept of sainthood . 
  the protestants believed that , based on their interpretation of the ten commandments , prayer and worship should only be directed to god directly . 
  therefor , name days were seen as idolatry . 
  some saints and their name days remained popular , though . 
  especially the name day of st. nicholas ( december 6th ) remained a widely observed holiday , despite protestant elites trying to do away with this ` papal ' tradition . 
  as the patron of sailors , many port towns in the protestant west , like amsterdam , still have a st. nicholas church . 
  even in protestant regions , st. nicholas is an important holiday figure to this day . 
  in this day and age , it is observed on the night before ( dec. 5th ) whereas it 's still typically the 6th in other european countries . 
  while the religious component is not much of a thing anymore , the gift-giving and handing out of candies to kids is still widely observed . 
  ` sinterklaas ' is more like a fairy-tale figure than a religious one . 
  in north america , this tradition has been merged with christmas in the form of santa claus , where the visual aspect has also been secularized . 
  unlike santa , sinterklaas still does look like a bisshop and the origins of santa are rooted in dutch sinterklaas traditions . 
  there 's also that debate about his clownesque and cheerful helper zwarte piet , which is seen by some as racist and blackface . 
  zwarte piet is a guy with a face painted black who is often seen as a racist charicature of an african . 
  the debate around this tradition is basically the current confederate flag debate on steroids and it 's getting really ugly these past few years . 
  there 's also saint martin 's day in some eastern parts of the country on the 11th of november . 
  this day also marks the start of the season leading up to carnival in the catholic areas of the country . 
  outside of the whole saint thing , it 's not a tradition . 
  grammatically , dutch is way harder . 
  there 's also different words for ` you ' , with ` je ' being informal and ` u ' being formal . 
  than there 's the difference between ` de ' and ` het ' , which both mean ` the ' . 
  many foreign speakers struggle with that because you just have to know from the top of your head what word you should use . 
  i see . 
  i guess it has its advantages and disadvantages . 
  really the only difference in the political structure between us and you guys are those left and right blocs . 
  it 's kinda weird how the largest party goes in opposition because it does n't belong to the largest bloc . 
  does denmark ever have centrist governments like we often do ?
