  do people with dishwashers still use this ? 
  i have never seen this before . 
  a few examples of our old-fashioned `` time is money '' calvinism : especially in urban areas , bikes are a better option in many situations than cars . 
  apparently , the bikes lanes are unusual in other countries . 
  they led to a cycling culture that is often perceived as strange yet effective . 
  efficient as we are , we even eat our breakfast on our bikes sometimes when we are late for work . 
  there is something very comforting in the idea that even the prime minister goes to work by bike . 
  i guess it is that safe in our country . 
  just make sure you lock your bike , especially at train stations , because thugs steal them all the fucking time like they are made of gold . 
  do n't leave them near the famous canals of our city centers , either . 
  you are asking for trouble if you do . 
  another example of our efficiency comes in the form of what we call ` eating out of the wall ' . 
  there are these dispensers at snack bars that really put the ` fast ' back in fast food . 
  just like a can of coke , you can get freshly fried sausages , hamburgers and chicken out of a dispenser . 
  this saves time when you are in a hurry ( which we always are ) . 
  unsurprisingly , you find them at train stations a lot . 
  why this great contribution to the technological prowess of the human race as a whole has n't caught on in other nations is beyond me . 
  it should go without saying by now that you should never leave a dutch person waiting at an appointment . 
  never . 
  now you also know why we whine about train delays all the fucking time , especially during winter : it costs time and time is money . 
  a teeny tiny monarchy in the alps . 
  the prince makes many of the decisions as there is no democraticly organized political process . 
  it is located right between switzerland and austria if i recall correctly . 
  tax haven . 
  basically monaco but with mountains instead of beaches . 
  it is still in its infancy , but it has plenty of stuff to like to at least hold out through the trial month . 
  i am hooked on ` house of cards ' right now , the uk version that is . 
  have n't seen the us version yet , but i hear it 's just as good . 
  also plenty of movies i still have on my to watch list are on netflix right now . 
  the only thing i hate is when not all the seasons of a show are on it . 
  where are the first six seasons of family guy ? 
  those are easily the best ones . 
  netherlands : - the labour party doing its periodical flip-flop over buying the joint strike fighter jet plane . 
  polling is now at a record low of 13 seats . 
  - netflix launched in the netherlands with the first month being a free trial . 
  - the far-right freedom party protests against eastern-european labour immigration . 
  these motherfuckers even lead in certain polls . 
  - guy found dead in a station in delft . 
  some european parties have multiple members representing different currents in one country . 
  take alde for example , they have a centrist progressive wing ( uk libdems , dutch d66 , danish radikale venstre etc. ), 
  and a centre-right , conservative one ( german fdp , dutch vvd etc. ) . 
  in some countries , like denmark or the netherlands , both of those two currents have their own parties , while at the eu level they are in the same party . 
  i wonder how that will work out . 
  it could lead to division among the eu party when holding primaries to elect a european leader for all member parties . 
  anything scandinavian is said to be great . 
  i hear finland is a little more reserved compared to the other three , though . 
  here in the netherlands it is much easier for parties like that to gain a lot of influence quickly , because they do not have to deal with constituencies . 
  the freedom party ( pvv ) , which has increased its ties with the fn in recent months , is now polling as the largest party in the dutch parliament . 
  in some cities and in provincial councils they are well-represented . 
  in practice they are mostly a joke . 
  with infighting being more common than governing properly . 
  many of these guys are incompetent loons that party leader geert wilders has to keep at bay . 
  wilders tries his best to keep such folks off of party ballots , but he struggles to do so whenever there is an election . 
  wilders is the strong leader , but many of his backbenchers are just there to walk in line and shut up when they are told to . 
  the fn is an older party than the pvv and perhaps more mature . 
  it will be interesting to see how it will govern once it gets a lot of power in certain larger cities . 
  will they do it right or be a bunch of loud mouthed buffoons like their peers over here . 
  le pen certainly has the charisma and intelligence for politics , but how much of that is true for her party backbenchers ? 
  lasagna with huge amounts of cheese on top . 
  put slices of pineapple on top . 
  wonderful combo . 
  as long as it is not like the north-south subway line in amsterdam everything is fine . 
  the city centre was in danger of sinking into the ground . 
  i honestly do not believe this . 
  while we do have plenty of support for loud-mouthed populists , it is always out of some percieved threat to freedom , however irrational , rather than dislike of freedom . 
  - pretty fucking old civilization . 
  - capital is skopje . 
  - i believe alexander the great was macedonian . 
  - one of the poorer countries in europe . 
  - used to be part of tito 's yugoslavia . 
  you the fries , we the mussels . 
  together we are unstoppable . 
  totally . 
  the variations with this are endless . 
  try replacing the pieces of smoked bacon with peppers and shoarma or gyros for a mediterranean touch . 
  it 's fucking amazing . 
  works with andijvie or hutspot , too , but boerenkool is the best if you ask me . 
  do n't forget it is us who provide you guys with the mussels . 
  i need more proof assad was behind that gas attack . 
  there needs to be a clear goal before any country intervenes . 
  with obama it is like he really wants to do at least something , but not really topple assad 's regime . 
  what that something needs to be remains unclear . 
  unless there is some clear goal that can be accomplished in a reasonable amount of time , there really is no point in intervention . 
  this seems like a fun series . 
  it would be kind of an opposite version of `` what do you know about ... '' . 
  although i think it would be better to finish that first . 
  apparently nobody in norway felt it was fair to use breivik against the progress party . 
  but still , we used to have a liberal/christian democrat minority government with parliamentary support from the right-wing populist freedom party ( kinda like denmark 's previous government ) . 
  they used their role to influence the government 's policies while also attacking them if they disagreed with certain policies . 
  it was basically a complete waste of fucking time even if it lasted only about a year and a half . 
  if the progress party is as insane as the freedom party , you guys are in for a rough ride . 
  so basically you guys went from a socialist government without any significanty bad performances and too much oil wealth to a conservative one which consists partly of a norwegian nigel farage/geert wilders-esque party ? 
  well , fuck that norway . 
  a question to norwegian redditors : are n't you guys royally fucked once the oil , or the demand for it , dries down ? 
  yeah , you are right i mixed them up, 
  i do n't get it . 
  bringing down the country is what he has done already . 
  one of the more recent additions to the eu . 
  with the rest of europe opening up to them , many bulgarians have in recent years come to work in western countries , much like poles and romanians . 
  one of the largest countries in the union .
