  the freedom party here in the netherlands , their sister party , is very pro-gay and often uses the issue as a basis for their anti-islam talk . 
  even without my tinfoil hat on , i would n't be surprised if this is to ` protect ' turkish people from ` islamophobia ' in the wake of the paris attacks yesterday . 
  we have things like municipal taxes too . 
  only the most christian party leaders invoke god at the end of speeches here . 
  santa claus every december . 
  get that fucking impostor out of my patriotic cheeseface . 
  i did n't even know comcast before reddit . 
  this . 
  and even if it 's true , would it really be different in the prime minister brings a president with him instead of a king on his trips to china or whatever . 
  invented by hans lipperheij , a man from middelburg . 
  while galilei developed one on his own and did a better job at it than lipperheij , the latter did it the first . 
  some claims actually point to lipperheij 's neighbour and business competitor zacharias janssen ( they both made lenses out of glass ) , but lipperheij is the first to have claimed it with a patent . 
  since janssen had a similar instrument around the same time , the provincial council of zealand rejected the patent lipperheij filed . 
  it 's uncertain if janssen did produce a telescope before lipperheij . 
  10/10 would swamp football with that girl . 
  cycling . 
  netherlands : halloween is something that was imported from the ireland , the uk and us . 
  we do have halloween parties , but it 's mostly a thing in pubs to have a fun night out . 
  it 's not really a holiday . 
  the trick-or-treat tradition in north-america is similar to the catholic st.martin 's festival where kids go around for candy . 
  that 's mostly observed in the east of the country , though . 
  i do n't even know much about it and i 've never seen it firsthand . 
  the cosplay thing is done most prominently at carnaval , which is widely observed in catholic areas such as north-brabant and limburg . 
  people dress up much like on halloween . 
  sometimes there 's even satire in it , so you may see people dress up according to recent subjects or people who were in the news . 
  soon ukraine 's journey towards the dark side will be complete . 
  this . 
  it baffles me . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that parts of the carribbean used to be dutch colonies . 
  the diaspora brought baseball over . 
  well , hey , cut us some slack !, 
  we are so used to cheering for our country at the ec that we have no option to become belgian . 
  or we could just annex belgium again . 
  religion i just can not understand . 
  this looks familiar . 
  over here , wilders and his pvv have between 35-40 seats in the polls now . 
  the rest has to make do with about 20 seats or less . 
  depending on which country you live in , this is controversial : the monarchy is utter horseshit and grotesque waste of money . 
  the french revolution is , like , soooooo overrated . 
  national conservatives ( pvv ) - anti-eu , anti-islam and anti-immigration . 
  nationalistic and populist basically . 
  social conservatives/christian parties ( cda/sgp/cu ) - religiously inspired to varying degrees . 
  cu and sgp still oppose abortion , euthanasia and same-sex marriage . 
  and then there 's economic conservatives/liberals ( vvd ) . 
  these are pro-business and oppose too much regulation on - especially smaller - businesses . 
  in favour of lowering taxes as a way to stimulate growth . 
  there is also the new vnl party which could be seen as somewhere between vvd and pvv ideoligically . 
  asterix and the picts was the best one in years in my opinion . 
  i like the ones were they poke fun at a certain country . 
  then again everything after the alien one is good . 
  far right parties are not typically anti gay or antisemitic in north and northwestern europe . 
  it 's the same here in the netherlands . 
  because the national identity is secular , it only makes sense for the nationalists to be pro-gay rights . 
  i do n't recall that being quite as bad as with sanders . 
  i am a fan of sanders but i 've never seen as much of a reddit circlejerk about any politician - from any country for that matter - as with him . 
  the sanders crowd is constantly talking about bernie as being jesus and how everyone is against him . 
  i honestly thought was clinton just as good in the debate as sanders , looking at it objectively . 
  i did n't sign the petition because i did n't feel the agreement was an appropriate thing to use as a way of starting a much broader debate on the eu . 
  i do think we need to have this debate , though , as it is something many people in this country are concerned about , even pro-european folks like myself . 
  i am looking forward to seeing how the referendum law will work in practice . 
  what i am concerned about is that many of the folks who signed this , really just want to use the referendum to take a stand against the eu . 
  i will personally probably vote yes , but i am afraid the ` no ' camp will shout the hardest and also be the most inclined to go to the polls . 
  a ` no ' can be interpreted as an anti-eu signal , but also one for a more democratic and less top-down eu . 
  i hope for the latter . 
  i 'm not happy with the way it is now , but i am still totally for the eu and the basic idea of a peaceful , united , cooperating europe . 
  i can perfectly understand why one might be euroskeptic , even though i do n't agree with it . 
  i hope people will realize not just the downsides , but also the opportunities the eu provides . 
  this is really only about business . 
  i would love to see the uk stay in the eu , vut this video does a poor job of explaining what the average worker and lower social classes have to win by staying in the eu . 
  i do n't know the situation in the uk , but here in the netherlands , euroskepticism is strongest among exactly that working class demographic . 
  have your goddamn upvote . 
  i always thought alaska used to be canadian , not russian . 
  i thought finland was the one with the black metal stereotypes . 
  against . 
  governments are the institutions that are supposed to regulate companies so that they treat their workers fairly , ca n't pollute the environment without restrictions etc. 
  with ttip 's isds provision , governments can be sued for many of these things , giving already powerful multinationals even more power to do whatever they like . 
  people often compare him to wilders . 
  he 's kinda seen as a clown but considered a serious contender as well . 
  the general consensus is that he will probably place the immigrant vote even more in the hands of the democrats , making himself unelectable in the general election unless immigrants fail to show up at the polls . 
  this election cycle is often framed as one of populist insurgencies with trump and with sanders on the left . 
  dutch here . 
  visited a week ago . 
  very cheap . 
  especially the hipster district has a lot of bang for your buck if you are dutch . 
  how confusing that the social democratic party is actually a right-wing party . 
  it 's like americans saying ` liberal ' when they mean ` left ' . 
  ever wanted to learn what it feels like for a vibrator to be turned on ? 
  driving accross the border from the netherlands into belgium at a decent speed is your simulator . 
  i know that . 
  it 's the word being so different that amazes me . 
  wtf is up with ireland there ? 
  they are obviously culturally very similar , but we are very much economically dependant on germany . 
  obviously germany , although we do n't always admit it . 
  this . 
  aged gouda with veggies ( lettuce in particular ) on a loaf of bread . 
  wonderful . 
  rotterdam met je huizuh : https://youtu.be/7imwwfou2gm, 
  at least with a wilders victory here in the netherlands , other parties can still lock him out if they are willing to do so . 
  france and the us have presidential systems . 
  i wonder if she 'd get much at all through parliament , but i consider a president le pen a distinct possibility .
