  those who support the southern maluku republic ( rms ) are still persecuted in indonesia today . 
  many of these people and their descendants still live in the netherlands . 
  they even have a president in exile and are important part of dutch communities , especially in southern and western cities . 
  their spicy , rich cuisine becomes very popular throughout the 50s and 60s and is a revelation for the dutch who are used to rather simple and bland types of food . 
  - the netherlands , one of europe 's main ww2 battlefields , is rebuilt with the marshal aid . 
  willem drees , the first socialist prime minister , sets up a pension system . 
  a universal healthcare system is made . 
  phenomenal economic growth throughout the 50s . 
  - after a flood in the southwest in 1953 , killing thousands , the delta works are initiated . 
  this is a series of dams and bridges that prevent the sea from flooding the below-sea level areas again . 
  it also makes the connection between zealand and rotterdam , the world 's leading sea port at the time , much easier . 
  - in the 1950s the first immigrants from ( former ) colonies such as suriname , the antilles and indonesia ( mostly the aforementioned maluku ) arrive . 
  others major groups include spaniards , moroccans and turkish . 
  the latter two bring islam to the netherlands . 
  - until well into the 1960s everyday life in the netherlands is aligned along four so-called ` pillars ' . 
  these are the country 's main political and religious groups . 
  the four main groups are the catholics , protestants , socialists and liberals . 
  your religion or lack thereof , upbringing and social status generally define which of these you belong to . 
  if you were a protestant , you did n't buy your groceries at a catholic-owned shop down the street . 
  instead you 'd prefer to walk another mile to buy them at a protestant greengrocer . 
  this emcompassed public tv and radio , newspapers , sports clubs , schools , political parties and many other things and it generally defined with which people you interacted and with which you did n't . 
  much of the contact between these groups happened at the leadership level . 
  in parliament , provincial councils and city councils was were the leaders of these movements would meet and vote on policies , but that was mostly it . 
  after the 1960s pillarisation died down with the rise of the counter culture . 
  the public tv and radio still kind of works like this , though . 
  every group who can show they represent an important group within dutch society can apply for broadcasting time based on membership numbers , a system unique in the world . 
  there still exist socialist , catholic etc. 
  tv broadcasting stations . 
  - the 1970s and 1980s see a rise in leftist sentiment . 
  particularly young people show renewed interest in the works of marx and the like . 
  socialist candidates do well in elections . 
  in the late 70s labour pm joop den uyl is very popular among voters . 
  suriname gains independence in that period . 
  a conservative minister of health - of all people - partially legalizes pot . 
  - protests against nuclear energy and american warheads are commonplace in the 1980s . 
  in 1980 queen beatrix is sworn in amidst protests against a lack of housing for young people . 
  the ` lost generation ' is a term heard often . 
  - by the 1990s and early 2000s , much of that sentiment has died down . 
  a centrist government comes to power . 
  for the first time in decades , only secular parties govern , allowing for the legalization of same-sex marriage , euthanasia and prostitution . 
  the economy is booming and life is generally awesome . 
  - the 2000s mark the rise of right-wing populists . 
  pim fortuyn , islam critic and leader of a new political movement , rises in the polls . 
  his support comes largely in the wake of 9/11 and concerns about immigration . 
  a few days before the 2002 elections , a leftist radical kills fortuyn . 
  his party goes from 0 to 26 seats in parliament and enters the coalition with liberals and christian democrats . 
  the ministers and mps are , however , incompetent and the cabinet collapses within a year . 
  in 2004 , another islam critic , filmmaker theo van gogh is killed by a muslim radical after making a short anti-islam film with liberal and feminist mp ayaan hirsi ali . 
  hirsi ali is still alive but now lives in the us . 
  this fuels the rise of geert wilders , a member of hirsi ali 's liberal party . 
  he splits of and launches his own party , which is now a major political force . 
  much of what fortuyn adressed is now being adressed by wilders and his anti-islam , anti-immigration and euroskeptic freedom party . 
  the dutch reject the draft of the european constitution in 2005 . 
  - in the 2010s the euroskeptic sentiment is still strong amidst the eurocrisis and aid to depth-burdened southern european countries . 
  what this will lead to we will see . 
  any questions are always welcome . 
  four , five or six parties is ideal if you ask me . 
  we have eleven parties including all kinds of crazy fringe parties or one-issue parties similar to the pirate party in sweden . 
  i think it is too much if you ask me . 
  we have an animal party , a pensioner 's party and pirate and youth parties have tried to get into parliament unsuccesfully in the past . 
  i know very little about austrian politics , but as a dutchman i can sort of relate to what you are saying . 
  we currently have a coalition of the centre-left social democrats of the labour party ( pvda ) and the centre-right liberals of the people 's party for freedom and democracy ( vvd ) , currently the two largest parties in the tweede kamer , the dutch lower house . 
  now these two are natural opponents and got much of their votes from so-called ` strategic voters ' , people who vote for one of these two major parties even though they prefer one of the smaller ones . 
  they only do this to try to make whichever one of the two major parties they really do not like from winning the elections . 
  in practice this lead to an inevitable coalition over the centre of two very large parties , something that was n't the preferred option of many pvda or vvd supporters . 
  nobody really likes this coalition , neither left - nor right-leaning citizens . 
  so much for ` strategic ' voting . 
  then there is the fact that the two largest parties in the lower house do n't have a majority in the eerste kamer , the dutch upper house . 
  they will have to find the support of opposition parties there , who will try to alter policy . 
  these parties however , are situated across the political spectrum on the left , right and centre . 
  the opposition is to divided to speak with one voice . 
  this leads to all kinds of conflicting political agendas that seem impossible to reconcile with one another . 
  it does n't make the current coalition any more stable . 
  a debate about the budget this week lasted for two days , without any notable results . 
  tl ; dr centrist coalitions are n't always the most sane , popular or stable situation , dutch politics tells us . 
  in scandinavian political tradition ( or at least as far as i am aware , correct me if i am wrong ) there is such a thing a ` bloc politics ' in which there is a left-leaning bloc of progressive parties and a right-leaning bloc of conservative ones . 
  either bloc might run on a compromise platform between all parties involved . 
  the bloc with the most votes essentially becomes the governing coalition after the elections . 
  the common platform the rough draft of cabinet policies . 
  in many european countries , however , this is not the case at all . 
  there usually are parties that put forth preferred coalition partners , and elections could lead to right-wing or left-wing coalitions , but it is not the only viable option . 
  in many countries , a centrist coalition of different parties is actually considered an acceptable or even desirable option . 
  this is because such a government typically represents the largest amount of people in the country as well as a wider range of political parties and ideologies . 
  in a country like sweden , which has a fairly high amount of parties in its parliament , it kind of defeats the purpose of having so many parties if a centrist coalition is n't considered just as viable an option as a leftist or rightist one . 
  sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp are basically what the spd and cdu/csu are in germany right ? 
  - one of the more popular tourist destinations among the former eastern bloc nations . 
  - prague is one of the most popular capitals in europe . 
  - the beer is cheap and high in quality . 
  - the prague spring . 
  - vaclav havel . 
  - one of yours truly 's top places-still-to-visit in europe . 
  this !, 
  if i want to vote for a candidate i like from norway or spain or whatever country , i should have the ability to do so . 
  it is a european parliament , there are european parties in it and european policies are made there , yet i can only vote for national candidates . 
  why does that make sense ? 
  far-right populists gaining traction . 
  i saw this last week . 
  norwegians have a strange sense of humour it seems . 
  i think our dialects and regional languages are much nicer to listen to so let 's look at those instead of dutch : `` hedde da gezien of nie dan ? '', 
  brabants ( southern dialect ) for `` have you seen that or what ? '',
