  it can also be used when someone does n't really care at all . 
  this saying btw supposedly comes from the guerrillas during the ottoman occupation who chose high places to shit so they could watch for the enemies . 
  i 'm gon na share a few offending ones . 
  something is running ( going on ) in the gypsy village - something is happening but it 's irrelevant , nobody really cares . 
  the more you wash the black , the more soap you waste - if you keep doing that you 'll only waste your resources , it is n't working . 
  there are plenty of uninhabited islands that can house people , but the max they can host is about a dozen of them , so you can forget about the thousands . 
  and then you 'll have a logistical nightmare on trying to keep them supplied , since those islands are wastelands . 
  is this youtube, 
  yes, 
  favourite part at 3:38, 
  the official name of the country is hellenic republic , or hellas . 
  he has included all 4 zubr hovercrafts and i think one of them has been scuttled for parts . 
  http://www.ecigarette-research.com/web/index.php/2013-04-07-09-50-07/2015/191-form-nejm he probably means the study referenced here . 
  this article is the one that explains what they did wrong . 
  the study which you may be referencing was the one published in [ nejm ] ( http://www.nejm.org/ ) which claimed to have found 10 times the amount of formaldehyde found in a normal cig . 
  apparently they run 5v through a 2.1 ohm top coil clearomizer for 4 seconds to get this . 
  there were some threads in / r/electronic _ cigarette a year ago discussing this study . 
  so you have a clue on what the fuck you are talking about ? 
  how about a source on how many people go through evros ? 
  or a graph or something that proves your claims ? 
  have you been living under a rock for the past few weeks ? 
  genuinely curious as the exact same comments have been appearing regularly in every thread about this crisis and they have been answered . 
  build fences where ? 
  guard what border ? 
  send them to the turkish border and they wo n't see a single immigrant . 
  unless austria or their v4 buddies can summon up a navy , or they somehow figure out how to build a sea wall and not anger turkey those offers are without merit . 
  servant slave, 
  same music as that . 
  this is a cover song by antique ( with the 17 year old paparizou singing ) for the song [ dinata dinata by eleutheria arvanitaki ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy6ehow3vrw ) , which in turn is based on the music of the song [ homecoming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy86vyx_q8a ) by the american-armenian band night ark. 
  you still need jobs and investments to make use of that cheap labour , something that greece does n't have at the moment . 
  so unless foxconn or some other chinese giant plans to open a massive industrial farm , those migrants will remain unemployed . 
  with 27 % unemployment i do n't think we need any more workforce . 
  ottoman cannons ca n't destroy theodosian walls , 1453 was an inside job . 
  greater greece : albania , macedonia , bulgaria , cyprus , west turkey . 
  ... revive eastern roman empire !!, 
  byzantines relevant and strong !, 
  emperor constantinos xi dragases palaiologos alive in constantinople to make fast kill of kebab scum !, 
  the marbled emperor will rise !, 
  one time i heard the name mantas playing with the lithuanian nt and got confused as to why a greek player would go to another team . 
  i was just joking with the greek stereotypes . 
  zorba is a very stereotypical name for a greek restaurant because it seems that every other greek tavern is named that . 
  poseidon is god of the sea so it seemed fitting that a restaurant would serve sea food . 
  the life and times of alexis zorbas is a novel written by kazantzakis ( also the same guy that wrote the last temptation of christ ) and the movie adapted by that novel was/is a source of pride amongst greeks as the first greek movie to win at oscar awards . 
  if a restaurant is named poseidon it would serve fish and sea stuff . 
  you need to go to a restaurant named zorba for gyros and souvlaki . 
  i 'm favoring dushku , but if i had to choose a balkan celebrity it would be nina dobrev . 
  bulgarians did this one right . 
  to be fair this weather is an anomaly so far . 
  it should n't be this warm . 
  we have to wait a month for our fat thursday :( fat thursday in greek is called tsiknopempti which literally means `` thursday of the smoke of grilled meat '' and as the name implies this day is a vegans worst nightmare since everywhere smells like grilled meat . 
  come to / r/greece there are redditors more knowledgeable than me and can offer you better advice :-), 
  eh athens does n't really have much to offer . 
  staying for a day or two to visit the ancient stuff usually does it . 
  it is n't more dangerous than any other large city , do n't imagine that you 'll be raped and mugged every other corner . 
  rhodes has the occasional migrant boat coming every now and then , but since the distance from turkey to rhodes is bigger than the other easier passages it is n't much frequented . 
  also it requires a better boat than the rubber dinghy they use now , because it 's most likely they would drown . 
  no that was the austrian internal minister . 
  the border islands are the ones taking the brunt of the migration wave . 
  lesvos is hit the hardest with less migrants arriving in kos , chios , and samos . 
  all other aegean islands are virtually untouched , and ionian islands have n't seen a single migrant . 
  as for the mainland , athens has a large concentration , and then thessaloniki up to the northern border . 
  which brings us to another problem . 
  you need to find space to build a 300000 camp . 
  greek islands are rocky and mountainous , which is n't a surprise considering they are just submerged mountains with their summit poking through the water . 
  whatever space they had for building has already being built . 
  you would need to appropriate a huge amount of land in order to build a camp and that would include already populated areas . 
  which brings us to a point i made above , that you would have a lot of angry islanders resisting , by force if necessary , the creation of such a camp . 
  also i think you underestimate how much money it takes to house , feed , and provide basic necessities to hundreds of thousands of migrants in a remote location that needs to have everything brought in . 
  because islands can barely support their current population let alone thousands of migrants every day . 
  you have to ship water , food , install sufficient generators for electricity , figure out what to do with sewage , build huge camps so that hundreds of thousands can stay . 
  in the end you would have to deal with tens of thousands islanders who wont take kindly to see their island turned into a super alcatraz which will lead to a lot of unrest and disobedience . 
   `` greece has to reinforce its resources and accept help , '' austrian interior minister johanna mikl-leitner told reporters as she arrived for talks with her eu counterparts in amsterdam . 
  `` it is a myth that the greek-turkish border can not be protected . 
  * the greek navy has enough capacities to secure this border -- it is one of the biggest navies in europe * , '' she added . 
  `` if we do not manage to secure europe 's external border , this is the greek-turkish border , the european external border will move towards central europe . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/europe/168769/austria-presses-greece-to-bolster-border ) maybe she should send the glorious austrian navy to help secure the border ... oh wait, 
  he must have had a lot of spare diplo points to change culture in all those provinces . 
  nz is the easy island , you 'll see mostly sheep and the occasional nazgul but they wo n't bother with you . 
  the funny thing is that at the end of the ad bardem can almost pass as a native greek speaker . 
  i goes to show how similar the accents are . 
  well that poor guy gets my sympathy . 
  fragmented ming with an expansionist mongolia and japan next door will be pretty tough . 
  is ming controlled by a player or ai ? 
  i have never seen them implode so early . 
  we do the egg fights in greece if it 's any comfort . 
  we knock the eggs together ( top to top , and bottom to bottom ) , and the unbroken eggs continue to fight until there is only one unbroken egg left in the table , like the highlander . 
  and watch as erdogan has an aneurysm because aegean has now turned into a walled lake . 
  fine you can have cac\u03b9k but we are the ones who made it relevant . 
  there was an uproar earlier this year when ghostery admitted collecting user data . 
  i use privacy badger instead which is developed by the eff and offers the same functionality . 
  the only difference i found is that if you were in athens that right lane would be filled with cars too . 
  i have fired a few of those ak-47s . 
  their quality was bad as some were early chinese clones , and other were produced in albania . 
  books too . 
  an original book in book depository would go for around 8-10 $ while a shoddily translated version could easily reach 25-30 here . 
  there is a good deal of empty houses i think , but this is anecdotal as i can not find any solid numbers , google stupidly returns results for haunted houses when i search . 
  what do you mean by rent ? 
  let me give an example : for a house with a 900 tax it usually means its a nice house in a good area ; you can probably rent it at 500-600 and it would be considered fair . 
  so you can recoup the property tax in a couple of months rent . 
  take into account now the economy in the last few years .
