  a couple renting the above property for example would be hard pressed to afford it when their wages fell by 20 % and impossible if one of them became unemployed . 
  rents have been decreasing , and many renters have difficulties paying . 
  the article mentions that the construction sector has pretty much collapsed . 
  no new houses are being built . 
  the housing prices are being pushed down but no one is buying . 
  buyers do n't feel confident in this unstable economy to invest in a new house and there is a lot of uncertainty . 
  greek governments have been creative in inventing new taxes , so there is no guarantee that the 500 tax you are paying now will not become a 1000 tax . 
  also people at still in disbelief to see their investment cut in half , so they are still sitting on the properties in case the market picks up again . 
  the desperate are selling for peanuts , driving the prices further down . 
  it depends on a lot of parameters . 
  the formula to determine the tax is ( basic tax per m ^ 2 ) \\* ( surface in m ^ 2 ) \\* ( oldness parameter ) \\* ( floor parameter ) \\* ( front parameter ) . 
  based on [ this site ] ( http://www.money-money.gr/news/dite-to-neo-enfia-me-paradigmata-stin-attiki-ke-alles-perioches-tis-choras/1072 ) i found ( in greek ) the tax can range from 200 $ up to 1000 $ with the average at around 500 $ . 
  so if you own a 200m ^ 2 property , newly built , and facing 2 or more streets prepare to bleed on taxes . 
  on the other hand if you live in a small , old apartment in a poor neighbourhood it is n't so bad . 
  but the property tax is n't the problem per se . 
  the actual problem is that greeks and specifically the older generations strongly believed in real estate investments . 
  the greek home ownership rate is 74 % . 
  when i was younger i used to hear people advising others to buy a house , or a property as it 's money that wo n't be wasted . 
  the practice of \u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b9\u03c0\u03b1\u03c1\u03bf\u03c7\u03ae played a large part in it , in which owners offered land to a building contractor to build an apartment block in exchange for a percentage of apartments . 
  so with that problems arose when the old generations started dying and leaving all their real estate to the kids , which probably owned a couple of houses already , and suddenly got hit with thousands of euros in real estate tax . 
  add to that the unemployment epidemic , the falling wages , the real estate market stagnating , and you have a explosive situation - families with little income and a large and undesired real estate portfolio . 
  as a matter of fact i 'm in the same situation i described above . 
  my grandparents went in a building spree in the 70s and 80s wanting to provide to their children and grandchildren . 
  this year my parents , my remaining grandfather , and me had to pay a total of around 6.000 $ in property taxes . 
  i dread the time i inherit all the properties ( not soon i hope !, 
  ) , as i will be considered a `` wealthy landowner '' and will probably have to spend my entire annual wage to property taxes . 
  sorry this got bigger than your original question . 
  edit : i just realised i rewrote the article . 
  but this is reddit who reads them anyway right ? 
  to clarify the beliefs of the older greeks because it came to me when i read it : greece had a monstrous hyperinflation ( 5th worst according to wiki ) after ww2 , that closely approached the level of your weimar republic one . 
  this and the misery of the nazi occupation left a ugly scar in the minds of the people who distrusted the governments . 
  we used to call old hoarders as suffering from `` occupational syndrome '' . 
  and install mcafee . 
  you thought it could n't get worse heh . 
  sneaky turks you snatched some of our islands in those pics . 
  you do n't have sunflower seeds in transylvania ? 
  what do you snack on while drowning sorrows in vodka ? 
  no only vodka and semechki . 
  \\ #bugslivesmatter, 
  lol alberto malesani . 
  2005 was the year i learned what cazo means . 
  yes yes give us the banking authority . 
  we 'll put the eurozone in ~ ~ crippling debt ~ ~ unprecedented growth in no time , 
  i had gyros pizza once . 
  it was the most glorious thing ever . 
  what if the earth 's core stops spinning ? 
  you do n't remember those guys ? 
  acropolis is at 150m and the view should not be disturbed . 
  i think that is the official reason . 
  built during 1968-1971 . 
  before that the tallest building was the hilton hotel at 65m . 
  building it was only made possible because the junta , who were in power at the time , repealed a law which set 35m as the maximum height of a building . 
  it will probably remain the tallest greek building for the foreseeable future , as a 1985 law and recent additions to it , set the maximum height at 32m . 
  it is only a small \u03c3 over a whole \u03a3 , the \u03a0 of differences does not \u0394 so much . 
  lol sell them the area next to souda bay and watch the drama unfold . 
  just got back from a farmers market they went for 2 $ / kg . 
  though our markets have the tendency to drop prices as the day drags on , i do n't know from what price they started in the morning . 
  do you drive a mercedes ? 
  great idea we should ~ ~ exile ~ ~ send our entire parliament there . 
  100 % greek culture guaranteed guys trust us ;-), 
  is he doing helicopter dick ? 
  i have a dolce gusto , a nespresso , and an illy capsule coffee machines , and in my opinion nespresso makes a better tasting coffee . 
  the only reason to buy a dolce gusto is if you want to use the other drinks it offers , and is a little cheaper . 
  of course a de ` longhi or a saeco espresso machine is better . 
  it 's said that when potatoes were brought to greece in the 19th century , greeks were distrustful of it and would n't consume it . 
  the then leader of greece kapodistrias locked the potatoes in warehouses so that people thought it was some valuable food and were enticed to steal it . 
  same here , they are usually posted locally where the deceased used to live . 
  it 's nsfl for italians . 
  you 've been warned . 
  if you ever happen across a video named `` weber cooks - spaghetti '' ( do n't google it ) calmly close your browser and think of happy things to forget about it . 
  i 've eaten a proper gyros but on top of a pizza . 
  it was one of the most amazing things ever . 
  dominos brought it back recently , but it 's a disappointment . 
  back in my grandfather 's day when you asked someone how many offspring they had they would usually reply something like 3 children and 2 girls . 
  more boys = more guns = stronger family . 
  maybe he is the kidnapper and that is the view from his workplace . 
  the area opposite the football field is the navy conscript training center . 
  the square building is the hq , the one close to the sea is the eating hall - kitchen , and the other 3 are barracks . 
  spent a month there in august . 
  we also marched with gear in the island , and it was funny seeing the expressions on foreign tourists when they noticed a thousand armed soldiers marching their way lol . 
  if someone whistled or tried to hit on a tourist , they got kitchen duty all day , every day . 
  i have close to 200kg in storage . 
  you can never have enough olive oil . 
  milk substitute and artificial fruit flavours ? 
  i 'm still bitter from admin law , if i had to study penal code i would require practical examples . 
  as a cs graduate studying law right now for an unrelated degree - fuck law give me equations , algorithms and low level programming any day of the week . 
  those stuff give me headaches i did n't even have when dealing with complex algorithms . 
  yes . 
  i remember seeing the images of the gl\u00fccksburgs at the walls of local coffee houses . 
  fortunately this is disappearing as older generations die out . 
  it usually does n't have anise in it . 
  that is cretan raki or tsikoudia as it 's also called . 
  i think the turkish one is more similar to anise flavored tsipouro they make in volos . 
  there are several reddit comments about this every time it comes up . 
  from what i remember about nk artillery is that it is n't very accurate , the range only covers part of seoul , and they have to deal with low quality equipment and ammunition . 
  plus moving soldiers and equipment would be noticed by the south and they have a crazy response time , few minutes after the first shot there will be jets on the air . 
  do n't worry it could have been worse . 
  you could have been from pyrgos . 
  yes kastellorizo has around 500 residents . 
  it 's actually a nice little island for quiet and relaxed tourism .
