you do realise that the number of ys small businesses went up after nafta , right ? 
  please do tell me what higher price we pay . 
  worthless graph based on an equally worthless epi chart . 
  you 're getting your misinformation from a shitty union think tank that intentionally distorted the facts and calculations to produce their results . 
  particularly that chart uses average hourly compensation , which ignores employer provided benefits , and is thus intentionally misleading . 
  it uses two different price deflators for productivity and compensation , which further increases the supposed difference ( the cpi overstates inflation in the overall economy ) . 
  and then there 's also the fact that it excludes 20 % of the workforce ( supervisory workers ) . 
  when you adjust for these factors , it looks more like [ this . 
  ] ( http://blog.heartland.org/2013/08/labor-productivity-vs-compensation/ ) federal reserve economists have also come to the same [ conclusion . ], 
  ( https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/es/07/es0707.pdf ) http://i.imgur.com/twj67jr.png  do workers reap the benefits of productivity growth ? 
   20 february 2012  tags : decoupling , economic growth , inequality , wages  by guest author  today 's post is from james plunkett , secretary to the commission on living standards which is hosted by the resolution foundation http://augbeck.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/productivity-vs-wages.jpg  median hourly wages and labour productivity show strong gross decoupling  few findings from our recent work at theresolution foundation are more worrying than those that suggest a weakening of the relationship between economic growth and gains for ordinary workers . 
  in the last twenty years of the 20th century , each pound of uk gdp growth was accompanied by around 90 pence of median wage growth . 
  from 2000 to 2007 that figure fell to just 43 pence . 
  this bears worrying similarities to the experience of the united states ; with us median wages now flat for a generation , the pay of americans in the bottom-half has decoupled from productivity growth . 
   a new report from the resolution foundation by professor john van reenen and joao pessoa of the london school of economics looks at how the relationship between productivity and compensation for workers has changed in the uk and in the us , building on similar work carried out in the us by jared bernstein . 
   the report defines two types of decoupling , each of which tells a very different story . 
  for `` net decoupling '' , defined as the relationship between productivity and average hourly compensation , compensation for ordinary workers has not fallen behind productivity , just as economic theory would predict . 
  the only explanation for the two diverging would be if labour 's share of national income fell versus the capital share . 
  while others have suggested that just such a decline has taken place , van reenen 's results suggest it has not . 
   in the second type of decoupling -- `` gross decoupling '' -- the measure of productivity used is gdp per hour worked in the uk economy . 
  but this time worker benefits are represented by median hourly earnings . 
  using this measure the picture looks very different . 
  median pay has diverged markedly from labour productivity in the uk in the last twenty years . 
  in other words , the pay of ordinary working people has not kept pace with the average value of output that workers produce . 
   so what 's the difference between the two types of decoupling -- and which one should we care about most ? 
  the answer lies in three differences between the two measures used to represent the benefits that accrue to workers . 
   first , net decoupling is based on an average measure rather than a median . 
  as a result , it captures the total compensation going to workers in the economy divided by the number of hours worked ( rather than the hourly wage of the middle worker ) . 
  as an average , this measure is therefore pulled up when pay grows very strongly at the top , just as it has in the uk in the past ten years . 
   second , net decoupling looks at total compensation rather than just wages . 
  this means it includes things like employer pension contributions and employer national insurance contributions . 
  as such , there 's a reasonable argument that it 's a better measure of the complete rewards derived by workers . 
  and , again , recent years have seen a widening gap between these two measures . 
  as non-wage aspects of compensation have grown significantly , compensation has grown faster than wages . 
   the third difference , and the most technical , is that the two measures are calculated using different inflation indexes . 
  the first , used for net decoupling , is calculated using the gdp deflator , while the second uses the retail prices index ( rpi ) . 
  what 's the difference and which one is right ? 
  the answer is that it depends what you 're analysing . 
  if you want to compare productivity and pay fairly you should use the same deflator for both -- that is , the gdp deflator . 
  but if you want to know how the purchasing power of pay is changing over time , you want to use the rpi . 
  these two measures have moved apart very slightly in recent years , but the implication of this change for living standards is hard to interpret . 
   you might say these are just arguments over definitions without much bearing on policy debates . 
  it 's true that their significance rests very heavily on interpretation . 
  broadly speaking , there are two ways of thinking about this . 
  on the one hand , we could find figure 1 reassuring . 
  it confirms the theory that , over the long-term , productivity should track average compensation . 
  in fact , looked at this way , we might even think figure 2 is simply wrong ; once we use the `` right '' measure of the benefits accruing to workers , as theory dictates , the decoupling turns out to be a phantom . 
   this argument is not without merit . 
  it 's fair to say , for example , that total compensation is a more complete measure than wages . 
  but what if we look at the question another way , from the viewpoint of a worker in the bottom half of the earnings distribution ? 
  looked at this way , the question that matters for living standards is not which measure should theoretically track productivity , but which most accurately captures how well off people feel , and whether we 've seen a change in the relationship between that measure and output , our central indicator of economic health . 
   saying that decoupling is just a statistical quirk of using the median rather than the mean does n't make it less of a problem that the wages of low paid workers in the uk are stagnant and no longer tracking productivity in the way they used to ; it just helps to explain why life now feels particularly hard in the bottom half and -- in the run up to the crisis -- particularly out of step with an ostensibly sunny economic climate . 
  likewise , the growing gap between wages and compensation does n't make the stagnation of pay packets any less real , it just helps to explain that stagnation . 
  as jared bernstein pointed out in a seminar to discuss van reenen 's results : whatever the theory says , if workers were n't getting better off over time even when the uk economy was growing and productivity was rising , we have a problem on our hands . 
   it 's important that we better understand what sits behind this trend . 
  the resolution foundation report shows that that inequality has played a big role in the decoupling of median pay and productivity . 
  so has growth in non-wage compensation . 
  we need to ask which of these trends represents a price worth paying and , for those that do n't , how we can avoid a repeat of the past . 
  only then will we bring into focus one of the most important aspects of the crisis now facing living standards : the fraying of the golden thread that joins pay and productivity , which for much of the twentieth century helped pull prosperity to unprecedented highs . 
  as for your comic , fuck off mate . 
  i dont give a rats ass what some idiot writer thinks about economics . 
  fuck off and make your own arguments . 
   yeah , vietnam now has it better , and products are cheaper , but the business moved there ( guess what , from elsewhere ) and that was my point . 
  if afterwards there is a cheaper country to move to , they will do . 
  except its not always about which place is the cheapest , its a combination of price and stability . 
   maybe i worded it wrongly , told in another way : in the us , income adjusted for what they can buy have stagnated since the 1970 's . 
  prove it . 
   as i said , this is not only about free trade , it 's also about free capital movement ( and hence almost free business allocation ) . 
  in the case of switzerland , the treaty you cite is only about goods exchange , and highly favored to switzerland needs as it keeps a strong protectionism on the goods it produces ( mostly agricultural ) . 
  and agriculture isnt one of the major chinese industries to be exported . 
  infact they have to import a lot of products . 
   i have no clues of australia and how that has gone , i just remember they got sued by phillip morris for the cigarrettes packages ( hopefully it seems australia won ) using some treaty with hong kong , and one of the fears is that these treaties will give even more power to corporations to do try this . 
  and this is an argument against free trade how ? 
  this is very much an argument against the legal system , not an fta with china  you can not answer with something like that . 
  the point i wanted to make is that the market is giving too much power to china and one of the focus of these free trade deals is to diminish it 's power . 
  but this does n't fits any of these beautiful economic theories where free trade makes us all better . 
  why ? 
  except it doesnt contradict shit , the reason why the tpp is meant to get power away from china is because of geopolitics and not economics . 
   because you give them free movement of capital . 
  meaning they can , with close to zero cost ( relative to it 's earnings ) change to a cheaper country with less taxes to produce to the rest of the world . 
  if the country tries to give better conditions to its workers , the corporation can just go elsewhere . 
  this process , will generate a complete clusterfuck on all these countries , making them compete on who gives less benefits to their workers and charges less taxes ( cutting in education , healthcare , etc ) , having as only winners the corporations . 
  complete and utter horseshit . 
  in vietnam companies have to fucking house their workers , and guess what , alot of businesses have moved there  it 's worth nothing to have cheaper things , if your wage is also smaller . 
  except wages have not lowered after trade deals , plus trade deals allow more specialized jobs , further increasing wages  from another side , tell why do n't everyone make treaty deals with china ? 
  the answer , i believe , is that it 's not as simply as only having cheaper products . 
  because governments are stupid ? 
  the g20 countries said in 2009 that they 've learned from the past about the mistakes of protectionsim , then 17 brought in nore protectionist legislation . 
  plus other nations have signed ftas with china , including australia and switzerland . 
  exlain to me how cheaper products and increased efficiency only benefits the rich, 
   yes . 
  neoliberalism has failed and it 's only benefiting the richest while the working class gets bent over . 
  lol  in only 4-5 decades america went from one of the best to arguably the worst western country in terms of quality of life standards , especially for young people and student . 
  as well all know , there are only 8 countries in the west , which explains why the us has only the 8th highest hdi in the world  good for them . 
  i do n't mind anyone interacting and trading . 
  progress ? 
  define it . 
  progress will mostly happen for the top 1 % . 
  yes , because protectionism worked so well in the past . 
  oh wait , smoot hawley worsened the great depression  of course i do , and currently this trading system is working fine .
