  why change it ? 
  because trade agreements make everything cheaper and make shit more efficient ? 
  you fail at reading comprehension . 
  he did n't say that estonia would leave , he 's saying that a common corporate tax would completely fuck estonias economy which attracts investors because of the low corporate tax, 
  right , and if you 're a big multinational yoi can get that deal in any eu country, 
  the law that their using is about subsidies , it does n't say shit about taxes . 
   it 's local branch is . 
  goddamit it kiddo you are feisty  and any company could get the double irish and getting a sweetheart deal . 
  your argument is shit . 
   takes one to know one apparently . 
  only a complete moron would suggest that a proviaion that allows any company to get a tax deal is only beneficial for local companies, 
  the 13 billion they got is because apple is the biggest company in the world , tom 's corner shop would n't have gotten shit with a similar tax break . 
  apple is not a local company . 
  they give these tax deals to almost every major multinational , just like every eu country does it . 
  the law only applies to subsidies , not to taxes . 
  are you just retarded or acting like a retard ? 
  amd ? 
  it 's not aid and as such the eu ca n't do anything because they do n't have authority over tax policy, 
  and ? 
  the eu ca n't do shit because they do n't have authority over tax policy, 
  and ? 
  they ca n't do shit because tax policy does not go under their authority , their using a law about subsidies for the means of protectionism , which has fuck all to do with tax policy . 
  tax cuts are not aid . 
  atleast not under the law that the eu has for using subsidies for protectionism . 
  so still , the eu is full of shit, 
  it absolutely is not . 
  no aid is given . 
  this is just standard in the eu , every country has made sweetheart deals . 
   did you miss the apple decision that was just handed ? 
  you mean the one that the eu has no authority over because it does n't control tax policy and goes after it for `` illegal subsidy '' charges when basically every eu state has done sweetheart deals ? 
  the average across the eu is 0.5 % . 
  some countries like ireland might get a boost of 1.3 % but others like hungary will see just a 0.1 % bump . 
  0.5 % is pretty good its what nafta did to the us economy . 
   it 's so insignificant , you can hardly call it a boost . 
  more of a bump . 
  0.5 is not insignificant . 
   because nafta really cemented those us-mexico relations . 
  sometimes good fences make for good neighbours hahahha no . 
  protectionsim leads to shitty neighbors and a shitty economy , you can see this from shit like the smoot hawley act and the buy american act , both of which failed and significantly worsened the great depression . 
   protecting farmers is basically protecting them from suffering from harsh competition . 
  farmers have very strong unions and an incredible capacity for militancy , and the sector is pretty important in the economy , so yeah . 
  wtf is harsh competition ? 
  any competition outside of the eu ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  isds is used in europe and its used for upholding international law . 
  international law that for example includes the fctc , which ireland has signed and would be apart of ttips isds . 
   well they agreed to it before the recent attacks you mean the ones done by eu citizens ? 
   the mass crime wave plaguing the cities all across europe . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  brilliant logic . 
  shit we will kill the heteros !, 
  brilliant !!!!, 
  oh and you realise that in non theocratic muslim majority states every has the same righta , right ? 
  she 's not dictating anything , she 's reminding them that they have not taken in the refugees that they agreed upon . 
   our self-interest only in the mind of idiots . 
  french and poles basically . 
  maybe even finns, 
  literal thoughtcrimes, 
  hahahaha no . 
  muslims still have to shave and sikhs still have to wear helmets without darjans unless they 're in dress uniforms, 
  only in a very limited sector like healthcare or construction , jobs that estonian have already taken, 
  dastars do n't allow you to wear helmets , so yes . 
  plus their hair would go against grooming standards . 
  police and military have no freedom of expression , why do you think regulations exist for hair and beards ? 
  they are standard issue for muslim women , which is kind of ridiculous . 
  the only reason for [ allyness ] ( https://www.arrse.co.uk/wiki/allyness ) is when the existing gear is shit ( for example the estonian digital desert camo was made from a thick material and as such was very fucking warm and did n't work in tree lines and farmlands in afghanistan , which is why soldiers changed them for british dpms and multicams ) . 
  a hijab does n't give any advantage and the regular police uniform does n't provide any disadvantages , everyone should look the same , police should n't show religious symbols or symbols associated with religions . 
  again , not much jobs that are n't already taken . 
  helsinki and finland have shortages of jobs , not labor , as unemployment in helsinki is at 7.2 and nationally at 9.3 % . 
  finland has labor shortages in medicine and construction , the ones who wanted those jobs in finland habe already left . 
  finding jobs in finland is not going to beas easy as you think , as finland has labor shortages in areas like medicine and to a lesser extent in construction , jobs that are not going to draw in much more people than they already have . 
  tallinn woild lose workers but it would most certainly see an incredible hike in consumer spending . 
  those same worlers who left would use their wages in tallinn, 
  , while i 'm against the burkini ban , uniformed workers should use the standard isssue uniforms , no religious exceptions . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  there are clear economic benefits for a tunnel , but the initial costs would be too much, 
  for the short term yes , but after estonian wages and prices would go up after the boon , it would be a net positive for both, 
   2030 seems way too optimistic . 
  also the only way this will work without devastating the economies of both cities is if helsinki and tallinn will have similar wages and prices , which while not impossible , is unlikely to happen by 2030 . 
  the only one who would get a negative effect would be helsinkk , since tallinn has cheaper prices , but this would correct itself through time as prices and wages go up in estonia due to finns buying products . 
  except the finns would n't be alone , since the eu has defense provisions also , which promise military aid . 
  finland is much more defensible than the baltics , since they have their own tanks and jets, 
   i know isds already exist . 
  it changes their us bias ? 
  not . 
  what ? 
   how eu regulation would be in effect if us products had free access ? 
  because free trade just means that there are no tariffs / quotas ? 
   international courts that are supposed to protect corporations from unfair treatment from foreign govs ( except theses courts somehow only agree with us corps against non-us govs and very rarely vice versa ) isds already exists in europe . 
   allowing products that do n't meet eu criteria ( because in us you have to prove the product is harmful to ban it , and in eu you have to prove the product is harmless to allow it ) source ? 
  because eu regulations would still be in effect . 
   effective privatisation of health services source ? 
  not really , because isds is still the same . 
  except isds already exists in the eu . 
  so an economic union that made it completely pointless to go to war with each other and a military alliance that provides support in case of war have done less than two practically meaningless organisations . 
  sounds about right . 
  joke ? 
  except thats not how it works . 
  currency exchange is not magic , it does not transmute pounds into euros . 
  when you go exchange currency at the bank , the bank is essentially buying your currency with another country 's currency .
