  the article was talking about avoiding shrinking , not targeting some level of growth . 
  the article listed that as an option . 
  sure , but * the economist * is n't saying `` europe needs more refugees from eritrea '' -- just that either more births or more immigration is needed to sustain population . 
  it 's not saying that one has to go the immigration route , and if one does , it 's not saying that one ca n't select who immigrates . 
  it 's talking more about not shrinking than growing . 
  well , mostly . 
  california has some border checkpoints with other states . 
  it 's a pretty trivial stop , though . 
  * [ first , it 's 13.5 % , not over 50 % . 
  ] ( https://poverty.ucdavis.edu/faq/what-current-poverty-rate-united-states ) * second , [ poor people have more children in the united states ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/241530/birth-rate-by-family-income-in-the-us/ ) , wealthy people the least , and this is a monotonic trend . 
  well , counting / u/xnicolex , we 've now got an empress and an idiot . 
  definitely working towards a full court . 
  not with pineapple . 
  could have `` tourist '' areas and `` non-tourist '' areas . 
   having the uk pay the eu before the deal has been made is illogical , well , presumably the eu wants this so that the uk is on the hook for it in subsequent negotiations -- ca n't use it as leverage . 
  it would cause the uk to give up most of her bargaining leverage that she has at the moment . 
  i dunno about illogical -- it just is overwhelmingly favorable for the eu if accepted . 
  it could be that the eu believes that it can be pushed through ... or thinks that the uk will reject it and thus suffer more political damage than would be the case if the eu had simply never made an offer , discouraging future would-be leavers . 
  or maybe it 's just a starting position , and the eu expects radically less . 
  or maybe it thinks that it 's possible to force bailing out on brexit . 
  or maybe eu politicians are primarily concerened about looking strong for domestic politics and a deal is being quietly hashed out by bureaucrats . 
   her mayness had this plan to copy-paste eu law into national law and change as she sees fit after this whole mess is done . 
  unless i understood that one wrong . 
  sounds both lazy and dodgy . 
  that 's what i 'd do . 
  why would n't you think that the uk would do that ? 
  it 'd provide legal continuity . 
  otherwise you have this huge , radical legal change that affects god-knows-what happening all at once . 
  the last thing i 'd want would be more disruption -- there 'll be plenty of that . 
  [ brexit - what now for scotch whisky ? 
  ] ( http://www.scotch-whisky.org.uk/news-publications/news/brexit-what-now-for-scotch-whisky/#.wwbtllnlczy )  since uk voters decided that the uk should leave the european union , the scotch whisky association has been busy consulting members on what that means for one of the country 's most significant industries and exporters . 
    more than 90 % of scotch whisky produced is sold outside the uk . 
  indeed , scotch whisky is the biggest single net contributor to the uk 's balance of trade in goods , and without this contribution the uk 's trade deficit would be over 10 % larger . 
  moreover , of the # 3.8 billion worth of scotch exported last year , # 1.2 bn - almost a third of the total - was shipped to the eu . 
    so , as global traders , the industry is taking a very close interest in the arrangements for trade after brexit . 
  the scotch whisky association ( swa ) has a wealth of knowledge and experience of eu and global trade and legal issues , built up over many years . 
  we are ideally placed to advise on the post-brexit options that will be best for the uk economy and its position on the world stage . 
    here the swa sets out the potential consequences of brexit for scotch - including challenges and opportunities - and what action the industry wants to see from governments . 
  we can be confident certain things will not change , whatever the future arrangements :   * scotch whisky will not face a tariff on exports to the eu . 
  0 % is the current eu tariff and world trade organisation ( wto ) rules mean it wo n't change . 
    * in many markets scotch will also continue to benefit from existing zero tariffs , for example in the us , canada , and mexico , as these are offered to all countries already . 
  in many other markets that already demand high tariffs , for example india , brexit will not make the situation any worse . 
    * we will be able to protect scotch whisky across the eu and globally to the extent we can now , although the precise mechanisms for some markets will have to change , and we will have to put other measures in place to ensure continuity . 
  other things will definitely change :   * as for other uk goods , there will be new administrative requirements ( rules of origin ) for exports to the eu . 
    * the uk will eventually lose access to the eu 's free trade agreements ( ftas ) . 
  unless there are transitional arrangements , scotch will lose significant tariff reductions in certain markets , notably korea , south africa , and colombia and peru . 
  the uk will eventually need to negotiate its own ftas or rely , as the eu largely does with most countries , on wto rules . 
  this will take a major upgrade of capacity within the uk government and ca n't be done quickly . 
    * we will no longer be subject to eu rules on excise duty or vat . 
  there are some major uncertainties :   * the government has not yet been clear whether it is looking for the uk to have eea status , like norway , or a more distant relationship based on a free trade agreement with the eu , like canada or switzerland . 
  the key difference is that eea status keeps most eu single market laws in force in the uk , at the price of accepting free movement and a budget contribution . 
  an fta relationship means britain would need its own rules in these areas . 
    * the difference is crucial because many laws setting out the rules for scotch and the food and drink sector generally are made at european level - for example rules on the definition of whisky , food labelling , bottle sizes , and so on . 
  if these laws are to be rewritten it will make brexit more complicated and the industry will need to start planning now . 
  so the scotch whisky industry priorities are as follows :   * a uk trade policy that is as open and free trading as possible ;   * broad clarity on the nature of the future arrangement that is sought with the eu , so we know how much new legislation to expect ;   * agreement with the eu on practical arrangements enabling us to export scotch whisky to and across europe as simply as possible . 
  we will also need new uk legislation for customs enforcement and interception of counterfeit goods ;   * existing ftas ' provisions to be subject to transitional arrangements , or to be ` grandfathered ' ( ie continue application to the uk after brexit ) . 
  this will need an understanding with the eu and with the third countries concerned ;   * over the medium term , uk development of its own network of trade agreements with non-eu countries ;   * reflection on a new excise duty regime that is fairer to scotch whisky and taxes alcohol more rationally across categories ; and   * no further burdens on business at such a sensitive time . 
    we urge government in edinburgh and london to work closely with us and to put in place mechanisms that allow vital industries such as scotch whisky a seat at the table . 
    david frost , scotch whisky association chief executive , said : `` scotch whisky is one of the uk 's most successful exports . 
  we are calling on the uk government to bring clarity to the transition to brexit as soon as possible , and to negotiate to ensure that the current open trading environment is not affected . 
  finding practical ways forward on export practicalities and on free trade agreements should be high on the agenda as negotiations begin in the coming months . 
  we plan to play an active role in influencing this whole process to ensure that scotch remains a product enjoyed across the globe . '', 
   it 's painfully obvious that the uk wants the eu to be nothing more than a very loose trade union ( that benefits them above other countries most of all ) and nothing more . 
  i do n't think i agree -- i mean , the uk has clearly chosen to collaborate on things in europe above and beyond that -- it benefits from using products that conform to standards used by eight times the number of people in the uk , due to economy of scale . 
  but let 's say that that is the desire . 
  it comes down to `` is it worthwhile for the uk and the eu and maybe some other countries to have such a loose trade association '' . 
  some people would say no -- that it weakens the value that the eu provides , and because of the existence of a50 , it 's too dangerous to the eu 's integrity . 
  i know that we have nafta with canada , and it involves financial services and trade and work rights for skilled workers ... and even if that 's all the uk wants , it does seem like the eu could do something like that with the uk and mutually benefit to the extent that the us does with canada . 
  the only time that would be false is if the eu 's situation differs in some way from the us ( like the existence of a50 ) . 
  there are some ways in which it does differ , but the idea that such an association could exist and be mutually advantageous does not seem absurd to me . 
  there is n't any form of explicit obligation to pay anything remotely like hundred billion pounds , though . 
  it 's establishing an explicit obligation -- moving it from the realm of the implicit -- that would be the subject of the talks . 
  i mean , if eu projects had all had some sort of explicit early termination penalty , there would be ... 
  i suspect that he 's actually probably correct on that . 
  france has a protective tariff on chicken because of the us ( which caused the us to impose the [ chicken tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tax ) . 
  if us chicken is a major threat to the french chicken industry in france even today , then my guess is that new zealand can , if the cost difference is sufficient , threaten irish meat in the british market . 
  the transport cost clearly does n't dominate . 
  it is true that geography is an input to transportation cost and timezones matter . 
  on the other hand , honolulu , hawaii is also 3,858 km ( 2,397 mi ) from san francisco , california . 
  that 's half again the distance from london to moscow . 
  i 'd say that hawaii is n't facing economic collapse -- rank 19 of us states , above average -- despite being a long ways away . 
  it 's got the 14th highest population density of any state -- clearly there 's demand to live there , even though anyone living there could as easily live closer to the economic center of the us . 
   according to a 2013 study by phoenix marketing international , hawaii had the fourth-largest number of millionaires per capita in the united states , with a ratio of 7.2 % . 
  and hawaii is a lot more isolated and has a much smaller population than does the uk . 
  if hawaii can be doing fine economically without access to a close , large trading partner , my expectation is that the uk can too . 
  as the british empire , the uk had a history of successfully running an economy that dealt with long-distance trade from around the world -- with the far east in particular . 
  and as you point out , transportation has only gotten cheaper , the world smaller , since that time . 
  would it be better not to have barriers to trade erected ? 
  hell yes . 
  but the importance of proximity has also fallen with the cost of transport . 
  most manufactured goods we use in the us come from east asia . 
  we could make them much closer , but the cost of transport is dominated by the labor cost difference . 
  he 's referring to [ this ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/navy-seal-copypasta ) . 
   navy seal copypasta ( also known as the `` marine copypasta , '' `` internet tough guy copypasta '' and `` gorrila warfare copypasta '' ) is a facetious message containing a series of ridiculous claims and grandiose threats that portray the poster as an internet tough guy stereotype . 
  in the original post , the writer claimed to be a former navy seal with a long history of combat experiences , using comical typos and hyperboles like `` gorrila warfare , '' `` 300 confirmed kills '' and `` i can kill you in over 700 ways with just my bare hands . '' he was referring to the declaring war bit :  in business that 's a declaration of war and eu business are taking it as such   we will make an example of the uk and we will win the trade war they started, 
   our borders suck and are super strict . 
  the closest equivalents are us state borders , though ... 
  < dubious  i think that there 's too much interchange for english or another major language to fragment much . 
  you need isolation for that . 
  i see brits on here using `` us '' english terms all the time , and american users picking up `` bloody '' or other `` british '' english words they like .
