  at least not with the participation of germany . 
  just as france `` brings '' a nuclear arsenal and permanent unsc seat to the eu , germany brings her pocketbook . 
  i do n't know german domestic politics . 
  but those aside , i have to ask whether germany will agree to share the pocketbook until everyone else is agreeing to share their own crown jewels . 
  it seems to me that this is germany 's biggest chip on the table , and it 's possible that once the pocketbook is in , there 'd be a risk of other members saying `` okay , now we do n't want to integrate further '' . 
  that is , if i were germany , this is the sort of thing that i 'd want to happen concurrently with federalization . 
  i commit conditional on other members also committing , as part of a package deal , so that there is n't further stuff still waiting afterwards that might not go through . 
  new york is closer to istanbul than san francisco is to tokyo . 
  good to see the brits back in naval aviation !, 
  they invented the field , after all ... 
  ... he said , ignoring `` hms iron duke '' . 
   in attempting to end the immoral practice of slavery , abraham lincoln originally, 
  you guys are n't minting your cent any more . 
  you 're stuck giving at least five cents , i 'm afraid . 
  note that part of that 1 % is removing a50 . 
  what examples of `` moving fast not working out in the eu '' are there ? 
   it would n't be united . 
  current debt would stay as is and it would basically be a new pool of debt . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what blocks a country from rolling over existing debt into eurobonds ? 
   the whole `` money to greece '' story forged the afd , and its only going to get worse with eurobonds . 
  the german people simply do n't want it . 
  what if greece is n't in the core ? 
  the central bank was an ongoing fight for some time . 
  what values block forming a country ? 
  what if you also get large-scale population movement that mixes everyone up ? 
  the original comment that i was responding to read : `` generally it 's insanely easy to get here , because you just need a working licence for 1 country to work and live in all of them . '', 
  looks more like the [ duke of normandy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duke_of_normandy ) . 
  well , mostly . 
  except for where you get bits of latin ( scientific names , though it seems to be increasingly trendy to name things `` latinified '' english ) or greek ( the - phobia convention ) . 
  normally , there 's domestic pressure on a country to not allow unlimited numbers of people in to work , because people get cranky about having to compete in the jobs market , especially those where people are disproportionately entering . 
  if you dig ditches in germany , you do not want to compete with ten million eritreans who also know how to dig ditches and would vastly rather dig ditches for typical german wages than for typical eritrean wages . 
  but that would n't apply if another member could extend work privileges . 
  if i can charge $ n for a work visa to another eu member , why not do so and sell as many as i can ? 
  there 's no domestic political pressure against it . 
  malta sells citizenships , and those grant work privileges , but a citizenship also means that if you sell too many , other countries start limiting what your citizenship can do ( e.g. 
  [ st. kitts and nevis got in trouble for this ] ( http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/department/media/notices/2014-11-21b.asp ) ) . 
  you 're also on the hook to provide any rights you guarantee to your citizens , and i suspect that you 'd have a hard time not extending voting rights ( though i do n't know what standard practice is there ) . 
  that means that maybe it 's a good business to sell citizenships to russian businessmen at a million euros a pop , but malta is n't going to be selling tens of millions of citizenships a few thousand euros each to the gobs of people out in the world either , either . 
  < puzzled  this does n't make sense to me , because schengen countries have no standardized work visa requirements , afaik . 
  it only lets you * work * in one country . 
  you can take business trips elsewhere . 
  but a company ca n't just set up a minimal business presence in malta and then have malta hand out work visas to other countries for a fee . 
  https://www.eurojobs.com/blog/2012/05/16/eu-schengen-visa-is-not-a-work-permit/  eu schengen visa is not a work permit   posted on 16 may , 2012 by harmen rijks   there seems to be a lot of confusion as to what the schengen visa really is . 
    the schengen visa was created by members of the european union to enable visitors to travel freely between the member states . 
  it has made traveling between its 25 member countries ( 22 european union states and 3 non-eu members ) a lot easier and contains a lot less red tape . 
  gone are the days that you had to get a visa for all eu countries you wanted to visit . 
    when you travel on a schengen visa you can travel to any ( or all ) member countries using one single visa . 
  the schengen visa is a `` visitor visa '' . 
  it is issued to citizens of countries who are required to obtain a visa before entering europe . 
  a schengen visa allows the holder to travel freely within the schengen countries for a maximum stay of up to 90 days in a 6 month period . 
    however , the schengen visa is not a work permit . 
  you can travel on a schengen visa to go on holiday or on a business trip . 
  it does not allow you to work in the schengen countries . 
  in order to work in the eu you need a work permit issued by the individual member state . 
    you can only get a work permit if you qualify based on the criteria defined by the individual member state . 
  the company who wants to employ you needs to apply for the work permit and indicate why they can not find anyone in europe to fill that position . 
  only then will a work permit be issued . 
  the chances a company will obtain a work permit are very small as unemployment levels in europe are very high and countries are trying to ` protect ' their work force . 
  ( read : protect the votes they would get in an election . ), 
  okay , so if you have a work vlauthorization in one member , it permits you to travel through the schengen area if you have obtained the schengen visa . 
  but it does n't let one eu member authorize non-eu citizens to work in another member . 
  i was gon na say , that seems impossible , because it 'd be exploited to hell : there 'd be no pressure on a member not to grant them . 
   in march , munich prosecutors searched offices at the carmaker 's ingolstadt-based headquarters where about 43,000 staff build models including the a3 compact and a4 saloon , as well as the premises of jones day , the u.s. lawfirm hired by vw to lead an investigation into the emissions scandal . 
  https://global.handelsblatt.com/companies-markets/vw-to-withhold-jones-day-investigation-from-publication-686438  vw to withhold jones day investigation from publication   the automaker has decided against releasing an investigation by the u.s. law firm into the diesel emissions scandal over concern that it could strengthen the claims of investors and customers . 
  looks like it 's not getting withheld after all !, 
  so ... the people are still gon na be on the boat , but the crew members are gon na be removed ? 
  wait , are you sure that that 's correct ? 
  * citizenship * in an eu member boys you freedom of movement . 
  i 'm not aware of an eu shared work visa . 
  can you aim us at what you 're talking about ? 
  it 's gon na depend on the country . 
  europe as a whole does n't have a single immigration policy . 
  normally , `` checks out '' means that someone has confirmed that it 's not a throwaway created just for a one-off joke , but that someone has actually created it back when . 
  this is a throwaway . 
   `` we have one with turkey . 
  surely we can have one with the united kingdom ? '', 
  he noted in a speech at queen 's university belfast . 
  turkey 's customs union arrangement looks to my layman 's eye like a pretty unusual and unsatisfactory arrangement for turkey . 
  it comes with the drawbacks of an fta ( turkey does n't share ftas the eu negotiates ) * and * the drawbacks of a customs union ( turkey ca n't set its own tariff schedule ) with some additional drawbacks ( turkey does n't get a vote on the combined tariff schedule ) . 
  i assume that the reason turkey signed up was the idea that it would be getting eu membership . 
  further , turkey 's customs union is on goods only , not services . 
  the uk cares about providing services . 
  even if the uk could provide services , then it very probably would not be able to set the rules : vetoing ftts would be a thing of the past , as the eu is unlikely to want an outside company set the rules under which its financialbservices operate . 
  but let 's say that the uk pulls a better deal . 
  the uk is a big eu economy . 
  it sees the least incease in bargaining power from a customs union versus an fta . 
  meanwhile , it eats the drawbacks of a customs union as heavily as any other member . 
  further , it has n't been seriously raised by either the uk or the eu . 
  the one really big winner from a customs union is the roi . 
  my money is gon na be on an fta . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity_sector_in_russia  mode of production   figures from 2008 :   gas : 47.7 %   coal/peat : 19 %   nuclear : 15.7 %   hydro : 16.1 %, 
  probably because you have a ton of cheap fossil fuels ? 
  you 're mostly using natural gas , not coal . 
   but , of course , their attitudes toward currency must owe something to germany 's tumultuous monetary history . 
  -  during the weimar-era hyperinflation that peaked in 1923 , prices rose roughly a trillion-fold , as germany attempted to pay its onerous war reparations with devalued marks . 
  -  but this was n't the last time germany 's currency was rendered worthless in the 20th century . 
  after world war ii , the reichsmark was again in disarray . 
  how to write an article about germans 1 . 
  choose any statistic where germany differs in some way from other countries in europe .
