  i 'd guess that it would treat anything in the proposal as being conceded . 
  might make sense from an eu standpoint . 
  frankly , my take is that if your bureaucracies are n't already working on a ton of issues in parallel , that this is gon na be a mess . 
  in all fairness , iirc martin luther did say that priests needing to be chaste in the catholic church was a bad idea and had.a ton of kids with his wife . 
   europe has shitty morals . 
  the uk is part of europe , dammit . 
  some [ actual data from various studies about percent of children that were thinking thar the wrong guy was their father ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/files/2010/06/pat1.png ) . 
  1k is normal for large surveys . 
  it 's find as long as it 's randomly-selected ( and pew knows their polling -- i doubt that 's an issue here ) . 
  i do n't ... oh . 
  or you talk to them first and agree to try an open marriage ( which i think typically does not work out well , but ... ) i mean , that 's a pretty major commitment you made to the other big person in your life . 
  breaking that seems like a really big deal . 
  i mean , if you ca n't trust them on that , what can you trust them on ? 
  i think that breaking marriage vows * is * a serious matter . 
  but morality does n't entail religion , yes ? 
  i think that few atheists would say `` my lack of theism renders me amoral '' . 
  [ `` vermin '' ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/vermin ) sounds more accurate . 
  some people like skunks , but `` vermin '' is always negative . 
   western nations have often taken an inconsistent approach to enforcing sanctions , with some russian officials permitted to travel on government-related business . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reinforcement  variable schedules produce higher rates and greater resistance to extinction than most fixed schedules . 
  this is also known as the partial reinforcement extinction effect ( pree ) . 
  must be planned !, 
  you 'll notice that football teams trying to get people all excited do n't act dry and modest , and people clearly identify with them . 
  i believe that the sanctions the us just imposed will also whack chinese companies that engage in pipeline projects . 
  that does n't look all that sanitary . 
  if there 's a wrapper around that , i 'm not seeing it . 
  it will very probably be the eu imposing the border to reduce smuggling , not the uk . 
  well eucalyptus is native to australia , not portugal . 
  in california , eucalyptus is also an import and greatly increases fire hazard : https://ww2.kqed.org/science/2013/06/12/eucalyptus-california-icon-fire-hazard-and-invasive-species/  `` blue gum eucalyptus is one of the most fire-intensive plants , '' says klatt . 
  trees not only put a lot of fuel on the ground as they shed bark , leaves and twigs , but in intense fires , volatile compounds in foliage cause explosive burning . 
  `` once bark catches fire , it gets blown ahead of the flame front and drops burning embers by the tens of thousands per acre in the urban community . '' [ the eucalypt invasion of portugal ] ( https://www.themonthly.com.au/issue/2013/june/1370181600/michaela-mcguire/eucalypt-invasion-portugal )  now the exotic blue gum is the most abundant tree in portugal , covering about 7 % of the land . 
  https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/immigrant  definition of immigrant   : one that immigrates : such as   a : a person who comes to a country to take up permanent residence   b : a plant or animal that becomes established in an area where it was previously unknown, 
  i 'm talking about the `` spanish citizens '' numbers . 
   and the eu is too protectionist to allow moldovan agriculture to displace eu products . 
  serving size seems a bit small . 
  in our more-primitive days , you accept acts of aggression from someone , they are dominant . 
  we 're still those same gut feelings from that time . 
  politically , when someone does something to you , you need to do something back to show that you are are not submissive . 
  people do n't like a leader that renders them `` not strong '' , so even though the sanctions make little sense from russia 's standpoint -- politically , russia 's main interest would be in the world forgetting about ukraine , not in escalation -- russia needs to do something symbolically back to maintain popular appeal . 
  the us public is not immune to this either . 
  not sure you remember the immediate post-9 / 11 political environment , but pretty much everyone was more-than-ready for someone to get whacked pretty hard . 
  very primal . 
  edit : oh , wait , i thought that the thread was talking about russian countersanctions a while back . 
  never mind . 
  it 's not weird at all . 
  an immigrant moves with the intent to do so permanently , an expat potentially temporarily . 
  if you assume people who want to move permanently tend to want to do so to a wealthier country -- which , based on net migration flows the world ` round , seems to pretty consistently be the case -- then you wind up with the situation you describe . 
  also , the [ spaniards headed to * their * old colonies in the americas in large numbers ] ( http://www.bbc.com/capital/story/20141003-why-are-spaniards-fleeing-home ) . 
  they 've got other countries right there ... but the language barrier is the one that matters , not an airline ticket 's cost , especially not in today 's shrinking world , nor even right-to-work ... ... this is one reason why i keep harping on the merits of a common language in the eu ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_diaspora, 
   lastly , globalism renders conflicts in general and wars in particular completely counter-productive . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_illusion  the great illusion is a book by norman angell , first published in the united kingdom in 1909 under the title * europe 's optical illusion * ...   angell argued that war between industrial countries was futile because conquest did not pay . 
  miller writes : `` the ` great illusion ' was that nations gained by armed confrontation , militarism , war , or conquest . 
  '' [ 3 ] the economic interdependence between industrial countries meant that war would be economically harmful to all the countries involved . 
  moreover , if a conquering power confiscated property in the territory it seized , `` the incentive to produce [ of the local population ] would be sapped and the conquered area be rendered worthless . 
  thus , the conquering power had to leave property in the hands of the local population while incurring the costs of conquest and occupation . '', 
  there have been two world wars since then . 
  no , it 's an input but can clearly be overridden . 
  and in resource extraction economies , it still can be worth it to capture resources ( think , for example , of iraq and kuwait and oil ) . 
   according to * the times * , irish foreign minister simon coveney told a recent meeting of eu foreign affairs ministers : `` what we do not want to pretend is that we can solve the problems of the border on the island of ireland through technical solutions like cameras and pre-registration and so on . 
  that is not going to work . 
  ehhh . 
  i am willing to believe that it is possible to find a middle ground where the typical person traveling across the border is not stopped . 
  it 'd probably be subject to a number of conditions , like maybe a certain percentage are stopped randomly , and there are restrictions on what can be brought along with stiff penalties , and that if the situation drastically changes , borders could be imposed . 
  after all , we do all sorts of historically-crazy-sounding things , like letting customers use a credit card with the ability to later cancel the charge , or do what amounts to simply letting a merchant forge arbitrary fees in the future on someone having once had a payment made to them . 
  we make it work via a lot of statistical analysis . 
  nobody will be completely happy , but i do n't see it as technically impossible . 
  whether there is the will ... i do n't know . 
  what i am confident will not happen , at least with present technology , is transit of any substantial quantity of goods without being stopped . 
  well , that thing was confused -- i mean , i 'm pretty confident that it did n't specifically intend to kill itself . 
  no , i 'm saying that i am confident that with all 28 members onboard ( including the leaving member ) , it is possible for the eu to pull someone back in , regardless of whether a50 `` can be legally '' revoked . 
  even if there was concern about setting a precedent that might let members play chicken in a50 , it 'd be easy enough to cut a private bargain to modify a50 afterwards . 
  i just do n't think that the leadership has intent to stall , rather than that stalling is done , but badly . 
  the other reason is that there were explicit statements made ( e.g. 
  no single market , and explicit targets for transition time set ) , which does n't work well with hedging and stalling . 
  you 're letting 'em drive a car anyway . 
  ` sides , anyone wanting to kill someone is going to manage it anyway , whether it 's getting whacked over the head with something or puukkoed . 
  at first , i thought that there might be stalling , but not after a50 was invoked . 
  it would be vastly easier and safer to stall before a50 invocation than after if one wanted to stall . 
   it is still incorrect : the referendum is a neutral tool . 
  i think that you 're not understanding what i 'm saying . 
  the referendums as described were neutral . 
  i 'm saying `` a referendum ( which is neutral ! ), 
  with a leave result '' . 
  that does n't undermine my point . 
  < checks  if you 're going off wikipedia , that 's based on a statement he wrote defending trump to the republican voting public saying that trump was the same as reagan on trade and supported tariffs . 
  in fact , reagan passed a very few tariffs and on the net opened trade further . 
  the way this works is that a republican candidate hints to the voting public that if they get elected , they 'll support protectionism -- which is popular -- and then do not or trumpet a few minor areas where they do , often temporarily . 
  this is n't a new situation . 
  he can veto it , but it wo n't affect the outcome . 
  a two-thirds majority in the house.and senate can override a veto , and far more than that are backing this in both houses . 
  he can send it back and look bad , then have his veto overridden and it pass anyway or he can sign it . 
  i was using it as shorthand for `` a referendum in which leave wins '' or a `` referendum in which remain wins '' . 
  i agree that it was not the best way to phrase it . 
  yo , spain , we apparently decided that your bullfights were pretty cool , so we started doing 'em too recently , but to keep the peta crowd happy , we left out the sticking-the-bull at the end and just leave the stick on a velcro pad on the bull . 
  if you 're all upset about the killing bit but still like the rest of the bullfight , that 'll get you there . 
   the actual action of withdrawal is not , in my view , the invocation of article 50 , but the revocation of the european communities act ... 
  i 'm dubious , but i do n't think it matters . 
  regardless of whether-or-not it is * legal * to avoid leaving , if there is political will in all 28 states , it can be made to happen , if necessary by making it legal . 
  the blocking factor is not a legal one , but a political one : after having had a leave referendum , how can a government politically manage to ignore it ? 
  it would be extremely damaging .
