  if the us had been unwilling to provide air support to the iraqi government today , i have little doubt that you 'd complain about a half-done task . 
  if the us had refused to leave iraq when the elected government asked it to do so ... well , maybe you would n't gave cared . 
  it might not have produced refugee influx to the eu or a legal basis for same . 
  but i certainly would have , and i guarantee that plenty of people would object to carrying out that occupation without any legit basis for doing so -- if a general explanation of `` security '' is enough , then you greenlight countries around the world to take territory and then provide `` security '' in perpetuity . 
  if the us had refused to permit elections to be held and had simply appointed a government ... well , same objection , probably even deeper . 
  if the us had refused to act on a belief that wmds were present ... well , there was a mandate to avoid them , hussein * had * used chemicals before and was blocking weapons inspectors from verifying presence . 
  it turned out that trying to hide weapons was n't why he was doing so , but it was why the government thought he was -- both the uk and the us had to have their people make a judgment call on what the rationale was and whether there were weapons being built . 
  clearly hussein was not conforming to his end of the agreement ... but did it make sense to do a ground invasion as a result ? 
  well , with the benefit of hindsight , we know that he was n't , and aside from any political harm from having people refuse to permit weapons verification and get away with it , we could have avoided action . 
  but there was an analysis at the time that he was . 
  so we could go back further , say that the verification terms were badly designed . 
  maybe something could have been done there . 
  i have n't seen any real serious criticism there . 
  and if you do n't change that , you 're all the way back at the gulf war , where a neighbor invaded a country and took control of its oil wealth . 
  if you permit that , you pretty much greenlight wars of conquest in general , and plenty of countries signed on to stop that . 
  so , no , i do n't find criticism on the point strongly-compelling . 
  there 's no one step that i find clearly objectionable , given the information at the time . 
  i think that the strength of the complaints come from people saying `` i do n't like the migrant situation '' , not having the political capital to block intake -- and , i might add , i 've argued for a pacific solution approach , not for the eu to do large scale intake , and think that the refugee convention in its present form is seriously flawed . 
  once they decide that migrant policy wo n't change , they look a step back at the most-recent cause prior to the most-recent eu involvement -- a conflict , mostly in syria . 
  and say `` well , if somehow * that * conflict had n't happened '' and get angry at that . 
  but it 's pretty hard for that action to be eliminated in isolation . 
  i 'd also add that , afghanistan -- by historical afghani standards , which are not great -- [ is doing decently economically ] ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/pcagdpafa646nwdb ) . 
  so ... what would i have done , if i were the eu ? 
  established a pacific solution structure , withdrawn from the refugee convention and signed on to a new one with caps and stronger protections against economic migration and a mechanism for obtaining international funding . 
  the eu needs bodies , but it can do better in terms of skillset than refugees . 
  hell , i do n't think that the us should be a signatory to the thing in its present form either -- like most eu member states , it did everything possible to avoid conforming to the spirit of the thing ( plus had favorable geography ) , which is exactly why the us is n't seeing a problem now . 
  oh , i 've got no objection to the introduction of an eu tax regime , but your proposal included that . 
  if you fund common concerns from that , awesome . 
  but there are a number of folks who have specifically proposed blocking trade with or tax policy in other countries because they compete unfavorably with tax policy in their own country . 
  for example , france had some people complaining about a `` race to the bottom '' if people or businesses could simply leave for another eu member if the high-end tax bracket in france was too painful , and i 've got no sympathy for that -- if your country is n't tax-competitive and ca n't retain business because of that , that 's a problem for you to solve . 
  now , if someone 's concern is doing work in country a and having it booked in country b , fine , that 's certainly a fair objection . 
  but if it 's `` country b is a better place to do work than country a with tax policy as it stands , so we either want to block trade with b or force its taxes up '' , and which i strongly suspect is where a lot of the objections over tax policy are coming from , then the problem is with a , not b. 
  if it 's because they 've got a reason to believe that their communications are being intercepted and used against china by the company , sure . 
  that 'd be an unreasonable justification for , say , a news outlet or wikipedia . 
  but , say , a mail provider ? 
  sure . 
  edit : looking at what was listed above : * antivirus software has fairly low level access to a machine and pull in binary updates . 
  that 's a vector to control a machine . 
  * mail providers are pure communication providers . 
  that 's a legit route to tap communications . 
  not very useful as a way to block content . 
  i would n't blink there . 
  * social networks are certainly more debatable , because they 're both communication providers and a source of content . 
  if you had a list that consisted of news outlets and social networks , i 'd be more concerned . 
  blocking all social networks right at a critical moment can be a short-term way to disrupt everyone 's communications . 
  but it would n't be a long-term way of keeping people from communicating , as they 'd find another provider . 
  in the context of a long-term ban of a specific provider , no , that does n't seem concerning to me . 
  * accounting software , if it has a way to have financial data transmitted , is also useful for figuring out what a country and companies are doing . 
  it does n't seem like a very meaningful route for news information or similar to be sent . 
  * search engine history provides substantial data on what someone 's political concerns and other activities are . 
  and this does n't strike me as very likely to be some sort of anticompetitive move . 
  russia 's engaged in a hostile occupation of a big chunk of ukraine 's territory , which seems like a rather more plausible concern than `` some domestic competing service wanted protectionist policy '' . 
  ukraine is n't blocking * all * competing services -- it 's not trying to say `` no mail providers except our favored provider '' . 
  what would i find concerning ? 
  a ban on wikipedia or similar , which is a subpar tool to use against a country , but is great for blocking information . 
  a ban on news media , for the same reason . 
  blocks of all competitors around the world to an soe . 
  but these do n't seem to fall into that camp . 
  what if i placed myself in russia 's shoes ? 
  if the us were invading iraq again and had half of its territory under control and the hussein government said `` we have reason to believe that iraqi mail via hotmail is being intercepted and used against iraq '' ... yeah , i think that i 'd have a hard tone faulting the hussein regime for that move . 
  that 'd be pretty clearly within the scope of what they should be doing as a legit government . 
  so , yeah , this passes the smell test for me . 
  who , saddam ? 
  hardly the group running iraq now . 
  look , i 'm assuming that you 're irked because there are people from iraq heading up to europe . 
  i 'm sorry about that , but that 's not our fault . 
  if you choose to accept people from any conflict -- which i think is a bad idea for the eu to do , and would avoid myself -- that 's on you . 
  if you 've got a policy that 's gon na cause problems , it 'd do so every time there 's instability south of the med , which is often , and you got ta fix that policy . 
  we ca n't change that . 
  sure you can , if one nato member attacks another . 
  that 's not the point . 
  turkey is n't blocking german parliamentarian access because they are worried about the outcome of fight in syria -- six recon planes are n't flipping any balance of power . 
  they 're doing so to smack germany . 
  similarly , germany is raising cain about this and does n't need to be doing so . 
  when the us got blocked from overflights years back , it did n't involve the us and turkey publicly spatting . 
  unlike berlusconi , he 's also in charge of a country in europe . 
  i mean , this seems a lot more justifiable , if the rationale is truly concern about interception . 
  if you ban some sort of political speech , your concern is in blocking those ideas . 
  you cant respond to the ideas , so you want them to not be available . 
  but if you block a whole communication infrastructure because you believe it to be compromised and communications passing through it being used against you , that 's within the scope of what i 'd expect a state to do . 
  that ' a legit national security issue . 
  if i use an account and send a message saying `` the latest air defense plans are here '' and someone starts poking at that location , that 's a pretty big red flag . 
   and since these sites use ` https ` it becomes even harder . 
  i do n't see why . 
  was n't having problems when iraq 's government asked us to leave . 
  at that point , that 's their game to play . 
  what ? 
  sure , the us is an 800lb gorilla , and china is n't far off ( and catching up ) . 
  but plenty of eu members are also pretty big in their own right , and not much else compares with 'em . 
  russia 's economically smaller two-thirds the size of italy . 
  india 's between france and italy in gdp . 
  brazil 's a bit smaller than italy economically . 
  * australia * ? 
  i mean , sure , the aussies are well-off on a per-capita basis . 
  and they have a lot of land . 
  but there are n't * that * many of 'em , and she 's about on par with russia in total . 
  okay , sure , for slovakia or some of the smaller eu members , that 's a fair point . 
  but not for the bigger ones , and not for a bunch of the ones you 've listed . 
  him and a couple of other vocal folks on the left were n't too happy with the us . 
  the amount of complaining about the us seems to me to be vaguely inversely-proportional to how objectionable putin is being at the moment .
