  * some people will invariably fail to save enough . 
  there are externalities to that -- a starving man will commit crimes for food . 
  the us provides a minimal income -- enough to get by , but not to live things up much . 
  arrrgghh ... yes , thanks , phone auto-corrected `` these '' to `` that '' . 
  it 's larger -- but i 'm responding to a claim that it was russia 's only warm-water port , which clearly is n't true . 
   states were never independent nations , first off . 
  a number were . 
  the original thirteen were . 
  texas was . 
  california was . 
  hawaii was . 
  if puerto rico joins ( as looks pretty likely next time the democrats wind up in power or if the republicans can get a california split in at the same time ) it will have been . 
   go to any smaller british town and the only things that exist nowadays are supermarkets , one pound stores , big retail chains and betting places . 
  it was not like that 10-15 years ago , i tell you . 
  and the same thing happened when everyone came off of small-scale farms and into towns and cities . 
  sure , it was disruptive , but surely you 'd agree that it was a good move once it has happened ? 
   globalism is failing international trade is going nowhere . 
  well , in johnson 's and gove 's defense , they both wanted to be running things , and the tories were n't going to have it . 
  they did n't want to `` fuck off '' . 
  i agree , on the other hand , that farage has been less-than-impressive . 
   california was also never an independent nation to begin with , so thats a bit of apples and oranges . 
  fuck you , yes it was !, 
  that being said , i agree that this is a non-issue -- there 's no serious support for it . 
  right , just saying that i do n't think that it 's an inherent part of the democratic process . 
  i wo n't claim that it did n't happen , but i did not actually see that come up in any of the forums or news media that iread . 
  certainly i did n't see the national leader ask his people to vote that way specifically for that reason , as happened in greece , and i 'd say that the typical briton expected a `` leave '' vote to actually mean that the uk would leave . 
  given that the eu 's freedom-of-labor produces the issue , you do n't see this as something that the eu should address ? 
  i mean , in the sense that maybe romania has limited leverage to demand it , i suppose . 
  your flair says that you live in sweden . 
  do you support a state pension in sweden , even though there may be poorer areas and wealthier areas and the wealthier areas subsidize the poorer ? 
  edit : or let me put it another way . 
  the eu has many consensus votes . 
  if we treat this as a strict `` if you do n't have the power to demand it , you do n't deserve it '' matter , should romania hold every eu consensus vote hostage to getting a way of funding the hole left by children moving away ? 
  the brexit trade deal , whatever the next eu fta is , etc ? 
  because , for god 's sake , if you 're going to demand the intolerable of them , you 'd best ensure that they 've first been defanged . 
  the referendum was n't fptp , though . 
  well , some countries have mandatory voting , and i 'd call them still democratic . 
  the greek government got their result arguing that they could use it to negotiate a better deal from the troika , which turned out not to be the case . 
  minimum wage is an ineffective way to subsidize the poor . 
  if you wanted that , you 'd hand the poor a subsidy directly . 
  if there 's a wild trade imbalance , then the pound and euro will shift relative to each other and the equilibrium will be restored -- you wo n't just see permanent unemployment . 
   which would be a massive undertaking . 
  i mean , having unfunded pensions is a big deal , too , at least for the poorer countries in europe . 
   i can see the eu giving some extra grants though . 
  same as the us -- there are ( some ) federal grants , but no real authority over content ( this was actually a major point of contention when the federal government was introducing standardized tests ) . 
  it was their parents ' taxes . 
  issue is any time that you 've got an intergenerational wealth transfer , population movement can create issues . 
  in the us , while there are federal educational subsidies , the states still provide the bulk of it , so the same issue exists . 
  social security is at the federal level ( in fact , the us will even tax you abroad on that as long as you are a citizen ) so no prob there . 
  i was going to say `` wait , we probably at least technically did in world war ii '' , but [ apparently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_norway ) eisenhower contacted the norwegian resistance and the german occupiers and had them surrender directly to the resistance and * then * sent in remaining outside-of-norway norwegian soldiers and british and american soldiers , so they were actually entering a non-hostile control country . 
  i 'd suggest that pension and educational subsidy responsibility be moved to the eu level . 
  that way , the externality goes away , and people can move wherever without externality . 
   there is nothing wrong with this . 
  if romania funded their education , it 's an externality . 
  also , the romanian pension system and healthcare system ( old people consume far more than the young ) depend on not having the population implode . 
  are you claiming that george soros is funding these ? 
   last pennies out of it an eu army might happen or might not happen ( maybe it 's a good idea if it provides efficiency gains ... i think that it requires a common foreign policy first , personally ) , but point is that changing organization on paper is n't an alternative to providing promised resources to the military . 
   even if other eu members boost their military spending it wo n't even make up the uk shaped hold that has now appeared . 
  well , it could . 
  the uk is a quarter of the eu 's military budget . 
  if all nato-eu members get back to 2 % , i think that that would be far enough ( if the current average is 1.5 % or less , it would ) . 
  ... without a false flag , yes ? 
  dude , this and the other edgy statements over the past two weeks from erdogan have been about erdogan winning his referendum . 
  the point may have been the uk , but it also seems to have annexed switzerland . 
  think chinatowns , but for english speakers . 
  yeah , but truck drivers are at extremely high risk of near-future automation . 
  not a field i 'd be getting into . 
  englandtowns ? 
   the german union . 
  in what way was the eu german ? 
  i mean , germany was big , but so was the uk . 
  why not french ? 
  shit , the thing speaks english more than german . 
  and big countries do n't even benefit in the legislative weighting in the eu . 
  how does it violate spain 's territorial integrity in any way ? 
  i do n't think that it 's a big deal at the minute , any more than it has been for hundreds of years . 
  spain has just not normally been in a position of being able to damage the uk 's economy . 
  i bet your country uses majority votes far more than consensus votes for things , because consensus votes are freaking paralyzing . 
  what on earth does gibraltar export ? 
  ... refined petroleum and recreational boats ? 
  well , that 's bizarre ... 
  `` colony '' really is not the correct term . 
  portugal is next on the list !, 
   spain harasses uk and us navy ship/submarines wait , what 's this now ? 
  gibraltar controls access to the mediterranean . 
  like the straits in turkey and the suez in egypt , it 's strategically-important . 
  could be , but you 'll also find us fdi in non-military companies that would lose out via spending being redirected to the military . 
  i 've seen nothing to indicate disproportionate investment in defense-related companies . 
  edit : for that matter , defense-related companies are normally those among the least-likely to be foreign-owned , for security reasons . 
  i 'd be surprised if germany is the reverse of this . 
  that 's the list price , not what people or insurers pay after negotiation . 
  no , anyone without context . 
  well , greater fiscal transfers would decrease migrations . 
  that 's got its own degree of unpopularity , though . 
  maybe an international treaty banning private ownership of certain such artifacts to elimination to loot and sell ? 
  https://reddit.com/comments/62g8nb/comment/dfmf9p7 https://reddit.com/comments/62g8nb/comment/dfn3fp9, 
  for context : * my understanding is that china is probably dumping for political reasons . 
  this is the elephant in the room that has driven down steel prices . 
  * there is a national security basis to maintain a steel industry and maybe subsidize some steel for defense industry reasons . 
  * at least in the us , the steel industry is politically potent and has consistently managed to get protectionist tariffs in the past when it probably should not .
