  that might be fun , but it 's not really a religion . 
  * i think that religion is generally-tuned to the environment that we live in . 
  for example , in an era of small farms , there 's not much to make people go see each other and build social cohesion . 
  a weekly church service pulls people off their farms , builds a community ... and it explains why churches were a successful core of small farming communities . 
  but in a world where travel and communication is cheap and easy and maybe the same sort of community support networks are n't required ... well , it starts to become a bit outdated , and indeed , the cities saw the decline of religion more than rural areas . 
  i will believe that there will be new religions arising , but i think that they will be attuned to the problems that we face and environment that we live in . 
  they wo n't be centered around , say , worshipping a rain-god to bring rain so that the harvests grow , because that 's not something that most of us care about ... and we understand more about how weather works today . 
  he 's alluding to a recent * last week tonight * episode , where john oliver encourages france to vote for macron and says that if they do so , they can enjoy * not * making the wrong choice like the americans and the british and get to make fun of us for it . 
   the ones you ( probably ) talk about had been under control for a long time . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're talking about jehovah 's witnesses organizations in the us . 
  i could n't figure out what you meant by them being `` under control '' , so i was trying to figure out why the ones in russia would be `` out of control '' . 
  they are n't what one would normally call a particularly wild organization . 
  [ it did ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/65zt7s/is_there_a_good_place_to_read_about_who_or_what/dgekshw/ ), 
   the prosecutor 's office says the suspect had bought a considerable number of team stock in hopes of making a substantial profit if their value had fallen . 
    `` a significant share drop could have been expected if a player had been seriously injured or even killed as a result of the attack , '' the statement says . 
  this is unquestionably the most-idiotic outcome of the bombing investigation possible . 
  in the us , there 's what is referred to as a * common law trademark * . 
  that means that even if you do n't register a trademark , you still get ownership of it ( it obviously makes it more-annoying to prove that it 's yours and it reduces some damages that can be claimed ) . 
  does germany have this ? 
  google is n't being very helpful ... 
  if so , the paris convention would have presumably made it international . 
  that being said , it probably would fall under [ nominative fair use ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nominative_use ) in the us , since it 's actually being used to refer to its original use . 
  russia is occupying part of ukraine and annexed part of the land . 
  there were several responses that the us and the eu could have taken : * ignore it . 
  this obviously creates some rather bad precedents for nuclear non-proliferation and for the territorial integrity of * other * countries in the area ( given that rationales included reunification and historic ownership ) . 
  * a military response . 
  this would probably be fairly damaging , and i think that you 'd agree that that would n't be very desirable , and would have the potential to become * very * damaging . 
  * economic pressure . 
  this sucks , but the costs are more-easily-estimated than war , and if it creates poorer living conditions , it at least is much less prone to kill and maim people than a military response . 
  the us did not particularly want to see economic conflict -- it would have been most-preferable from a us standpoint to not have the ukraine situation go forward , and there were quite a few attempts to get russia to back off . 
  certainly many countries urged russia to not go forward with this and warned in advance that there would be a response ; this was not a surprise . 
  the door to end sanctions was left wide open , with well-defined exit criteria . 
  if russia withdraws from ukraine , then there wo n't be more sanctions : the pain in something that russia is choosing to have continue . 
   this is exactly what caused isis to begin with do you ascribe any agency to the iraqi government in asking us forces to leave or in subsequently losing the fight against isis , or to isis in choosing to attack that government ? 
  there were a series of events that led to isis forming , sure . 
  and one of them was the iraq war , that much i agree with . 
  whether it 's reasonable to ignore the others is another question . 
  the us became involved in europe in world war ii . 
  do you ascribe everything that happened in europe afterwards to that involvement ? 
  i assume not -- you see individuals making their own decisions and choices , people with agency . 
  even if world war ii was a necessary event in producing the reality of today , there were many intervening events . 
  it was n't possible to see all the resultant outcomes . 
  the outcome in iraq did n't live up to hopes , no . 
  but neither did the people who conducted it expect that outcome . 
  it is also being patched up -- isis has been removed from most of the country , and what 's left is shrinking . 
   but when african leaders and governments do it it 's labeled hate speech first , i doubt that calling someone a `` monster '' is hate speech under uk law . 
  second , it was n't talking about a person , anyway . 
  here , the syrian government is the `` monster '' -- decapitation of an organization is a common way to refer to getting rid of the leadership . 
  third , hate speech is not a crime in international law . 
  the icc , even in countries that grant it jurisdiction , does not deal with national law . 
   why are n't you bombing saudi arabia ? 
  ... because the government was n't involved ? 
  why would we ? 
   the globalists shall be defeated yeah , i think i 'd rather live in a wealthy world with international trade , thanks very much . 
   powdercake hmm . 
  `` powder keg '' , maybe ? 
  < [ checks imf page ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/np/sec/memdir/members.aspx )   because the us has the controlling stake . 
  the us appears to have 17.46 % of the funds in the pool and 16.53 % of the voting rights at the moment . 
  how do you consider this `` the controlling stake '' ? 
   as we saw with the greek debt crisis most parties were reluctant for the imf to become involved with the greek debt crisis ( especially china , as i recall ) . 
  it was because of europe that it did so . 
  for anyone not familiar with [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh5ly4mz15o ) . 
   we need to embrace the anglosphere and drop any kind of alligance to the continent . 
  dude , i 'd be happy to have the us make what arrangements are mutually-beneficial too , but to be blunt , france is n't going anywhere from its location twenty miles off your shore . 
  it would awful in the extreme for the eu and the uk to not sign off on cooperation where it benefits them or they both get burned . 
  and it ca n't consist entirely of playing chicken through the negotiations . 
  you guys already have a ticking timer , and the major players are going to be screwing around with elections for a bit still . 
  i think that the negotiation process should probably look something like this to permit it to work as quickly as possible : 1 . 
  identify independent areas that can be negotiated in isolation . 
  this lets negotiators work on them in parallel , without talking to anyone else and without blocking agreement . 
  for example , trade and military probably do n't have any real functional interaction and can be dealt with separately . 
  some will be areas of more advantage to one than the other -- for example , the eu would probably like the uk to provide intelligence and probably like security guarantees . 
  the uk would probably like continued collaboration on space/satellite projects . 
  instead of having interlocking requirements of each other , simply arrange for an annual or one-off dollar value if one side benefits for than the other ( well , okay , whatever currency ) that both sides can haggle over . 
  the point of money is to permit for many different people who want something to easily trade for them without having to constrain their trades based on the specifics of what other people want . 
  you want this property . 
  start independent groups of domain experts working on each . 
  agree to , in principle , for any area that can not be resolved in the next two years , agree to a one-year-extension , renewable in one-year increments -- realistically , the status quo is probably acceptable to both parties on an interim basis . 
  agree to conduct a final wrap-up `` renegotiation '' when the last area is resolved -- that reduces the cost of an earlier assessment being off and lets both sides postpone horse-trading . 
  that eliminates the gridlock over a wide range of issues , lets people start working on them , lets agreements on individual areas take effect as soon as possible , avoids this sort of `` playing chicken with the whole deal '' business , and ensures that if things run long , neither side gets horrendously-burned on the entire deal . 
  yeah , i understand how politically it looks bad , but one * could * interpret it as `` deciding whether the uk has violated the treaty that is to be signed and determine whether we should pull out '' -- put that way , the ecj having jurisdiction * does * make more sense . 
  i mean , one can hardly have the uk determining whether the uk is in violation with respect to the eu taking action in response . 
  i still think that the goal for the eu should be just to make sure that eu citizens -- and probably just those with legal residency before brexit -- are not subject to unequal laws designed to target them to `` force them out '' after brexit . 
  going beyond equal treatment to * guaranteeing * unequal status to eu citizens in the uk that is advantageous to eu citizens simply does not seem reasonable to me , * especially * in perpetuity ( `` i maintained polish and british citizenship , like my great-granddad , so you still need to give me special rights x , y , and z that welshmen do n't get '' or `` i 'm a student in the uk , but because i 'm also belgian , you need to grant me special rights '' ) . 
  i mean ... that 's just unreasonable . 
  i do n't know ... i think that there are some interesting bits in each . 
  common law 's heavy use of juries seems to me to be more-resistant to an abusive government . 
  for example , [ william penn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_penn ) :  penn was accused of preaching before a gathering in the street , which penn had deliberately provoked to test the validity of the 1664 conventicle act , just renewed in 1670 , which denied the right of assembly to `` more than five persons in addition to members of the family , for any religious purpose not according to the rules of the church of england '' . 
  [ 62 ] penn pleaded for his right to see a copy of the charges laid against him and the laws he had supposedly broken , but the judge , thomas howel , refused -- even though this right was guaranteed by the law . 
  furthermore , the judge directed the jury to come to a verdict without hearing the defence . 
  [ 63 ] [ 64 ]   despite heavy pressure from howel to convict penn , the jury returned a verdict of `` not guilty '' . 
  when invited by the judge to reconsider their verdict and to select a new foreman , they refused and were sent to a cell over several nights to mull over their decision . 
  the lord mayor then told the jury , `` you shall go together and bring in another verdict , or you shall starve '' , and not only had penn sent to jail in newgate prison ( on a charge of contempt of court for refusing to remove his hat ) , but the full jury followed him , and they were additionally fined the equivalent of a year 's wages each . 
  [ 65 ] [ 66 ] the members of the jury , fighting their case from prison in what became known as bushel 's case , managed to win the right for all english juries to be free from the control of judges . 
  [ 67 ] this case was one of the more important trials that shaped the concept of jury nullification [ 68 ] and was a victory for the use of the writ of habeas corpus as a means of freeing those unlawfully detained . 
  so , that sounds like a plus for common law . 
  on the other hand , i also remember someone once saying something that amounted to `` a judge trial is most-advantageous if you 're innocent , a jury trial if you 're guilty '' . 
  certainly it 's a common tactic to try to cast doubt on , say , the legitimacy of the law enforcement or judicial system ( `` maybe the police just planted this evidence '' ) in jury trials , and i am suspicious that this is used far-more-frequently than is warranted . 
  i also do n't know how much overhead there is to requiring people to consult a wide range of legal precedents in common law versus civil law ( or whether , in practice , civil law experts need to spend as much time looking at precedent ) .
