  so unfortunate that so many countries have lost territory . '', 
  nope , i do n't agree that i agree with / u/walrup , because of the important bit : that this does n't shift the relative relationship between labor and capital . 
   for your info , civilized countries do n't show war movies that remove accuracy with patriotic pathos . 
  show me a war film that better portrays both sides than [ * tora , tora , tora * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tora!_tora!_tora !, 
   like saving private ryan not even mentioning any other non-us troops during the entire landing despite the vast majority of those soldiers not being british . 
  does n't look right :  commander , first army ( united states ) : lieutenant general omar bradley [ 71 ]   the first army contingent totalled approximately 73,000 men , including 15,600 from the airborne divisions . 
  [ 12 ] -  overall , the second army contingent consisted of 83,115 men , 61,715 of them british . 
  [ 12 ] the nominally british air and naval support units included a large number of personnel from allied nations , including several raf squadrons manned almost exclusively by overseas air crew . 
  i 'm suspect that the zones of operation were split up by country operating in them . 
  they were searching for an american soldier , and presumably in an american zone . 
  i mean , it does n't seem * that * absurd . 
   or the movie a year or two ago that tried saying that it was the us who broke the enigma code ? 
  [ * the imitation game * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_imitation_game ) sounds like it 's british , not american . 
  maybe they short the poles , but i do n't think that it claims the us did . 
  well , we did come too . 
  read the rest of his post . 
  he was n't claiming that it would n't be tried again , but that the commitment was only for one resettlement and that it 'd still be possible to draw a line later if the first resettlement was really bad . 
  why do you think that the uk is likely to fight turkey ? 
  i mean , any more than some other country . 
   are you willing to admit that immigration can significantly harm those who are payed low wages to work in jobs without much qualification by suppressing the wages of native workers or simply substituting them with immigrant workers * and * on the flipside that the increased profits and bonuses yes . 
   * and * on the flipside that the increased profits and bonuses payed out to business owners and managers can as long as i can qualify this as being `` a subset if business owners '' , yes . 
   and in practice are most certainly ) used on political spending ? 
  i mean , some portion of it . 
  certainly not all . 
  the opium wars did n't happen until something like sixty years after adam smith was dead , according to wp . 
  starts a bad precedent . 
  lot of countries with vulnerable infrastructure . 
   because they contribute with very little to the eu economics wise and therefore does n't have much to lose . 
  i think that eastern europe has a fair amount to lose in a conflict-with-russia situation . 
  honestly , if that were n't the case , i doubt that it 'd arouse much interest or emotion . 
   and we will stand by usas side , cee will not be sold out so that we can make a pretty penny . 
  thanks for the sentiment and all , but let 's see where the politics are going in this . 
  your goal is not losing energy security . 
  it 's probably not a good idea for a monumental political schism and clusterfuck in the eu if energy security for ee can be achieved without it , which i suspect that it can . 
  also , there may be more supporting ns2 than meets the eye . 
  i do n't like simple explanations that do n't make much sense , and i suspect that germany and/or whoever else is driving this probably have a somewhat more complicated and reasonable rationale than might appear . 
  might be something that ca n't be public -- i dunno . 
  ns2 advocates are gon na have to sell both parties in the us legislature now , though , for it to be likely to happen . 
  that 's not really the point . 
  small scale farmers wo n't be able to compete with heavily-automated factory farms . 
  so you find some property of factory farms , ban or negatively market it , and you do n't need to compete with it -- this is a `` non-tariff barrier to trade '' . 
  there 's no concern with the chlorine . 
  the aim is to mentally associate it with unhygienic foods , to help reject it in trade deals and worse-case , discourage consumers from buying it when it looks like chicken farmers in the eu might need to deal with it . 
  [ there 's . a.history here . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tax ), 
  sure . 
  if you can produce chicken more-cheaply , i do n't see why we would n't import it . 
   the libertarian dream about charging for the air we breathe . 
  air is n't a scarce resource . 
  why would you charge for it ? 
   how often do i have to write low wage for you to get it ? 
  i responded to you , repeatedly . 
  you can lower wages of one group of workers vis-a-vis another . 
  that may be significant for some people . 
  but you wo n't shift the relative positions of capital and labor to any great degree , which is what is being claimed , because labor is the bottleneck on production , not land or other factors . 
    as i 've said repeatedly now , it can certainly weaken negotiating power of a particular group of workers . 
    you mean you have repeatedly chanted your neoliberal dogma without any real justification of it ? 
  i assume that you pasted the wrong chunk of text , since i can not imagine that you feel that this is * not * the case . 
  you 'd be claiming that no individual worker can be made worse off via immigration if that were true . 
  in the [ 1975 australian constitutional crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_australian_constitutional_crisis ) , the queen 's representative prevailed , but that was a long time ago , and it 's not at all clear to me how much he was actually or ever actually represents the queen as opposed to various elements in the australian government . 
  my sneaking suspicion is that formalizing some republican initiatives are held off out of respect for the queen , who has made no attempts to block the removal of her powers , and the only reason the fiction remains is because they have not been used and it would be disrespectful to remove it without having had a triggering event . 
   the point is that every single country only sanctions areas where it does n't hurt too much . 
  i agree on that . 
  this is n't a violation of sanctions agreements , though , but something that would potentially leave ukraine and poland kinda exposed . 
  sure , germany can say `` well , you can trust us '' , but even with no intention of ever letting either be squeezed , politically it still seems divisive . 
   back in the days poland complained because russia retaliated with import restrictions on polish apples and cheese . 
  apparently the security of eastern europe is secondary to the interests of the polish apples and cheese sector . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't dispute that it 's a public good problem . 
  for the us , the direct cost of sanctions is comparatively low , since trade with russia just is n't a very large chunk of our trade , so it 's pretty easy to say `` sure , we , can do sanctions '' compared to , say , what poland has to put into the kitty . 
  i 'm actually a bit surprised that there was n't some sort of system of offsets put in place , but it may be that the expectation was that these would be in place for some time and it was better to shift production away ...  countries in eastern european continue to buy gas from russia . 
  but selfish germany who values its economy more than punishing russia is endangering the security of eastern europe . 
  well , it 'd be harder for them to do much on their own . 
  i mean , i get it , it 's a short term security concern for them , and not most other states . 
  i mean , the us or ireland or belgium is at no direct and immediate threat over events in ukraine . 
  but if countries can get peeled off one-by-one , then they wind up being weaker . 
  for ukraine and to a lesser extent eu members ( because `` it 's acceptable to annex bits of countries that have ethnic russians '' is a problematic precedent for several eu member ) , it 's a security issue . 
  and that 's a pretty serious concern . 
   like every trade , gas trade is a two way street . 
  if russia applies too much pressure countries will buy somewhere else . 
  well , the concern over ns2 would be : ukraine : `` what about our finances ? 
  we have n't seen much financial support from the west . 
  participating in actions that strip our income further at a rough time economically and politicially is a pretty bitter pill to swallow . 
  this is $ 3b/year in transit fees -- you might be able to cut it to a lower level , but that 's not a huge amount of money relative to ukraine 's situation . '', 
  poland + ukraine : `` we 're still building trust in the eu . 
  a pipeline gives us some leverage . 
  our worst fear would be russia applying pressure while the eu stands by quietly . 
  as things are now , hurting us can only be done by hurting the eu . 
  we do n't think russia will do that . 
  take that away , and the main thing changed for us is that russia can . '', 
  also both : `` we 're among the worse-off eu members . 
  is it essential to put a bunch of resources into trying to avoid providing transit fees ? '', 
   and these `` guarantees '' are basically the main reason for building pipelines that do n't go through ukraine . 
  because in that case guarantee means that ukraine will be able to take our gas supply hostage . 
  and if they do n't want to pay russia for its gas they can just take whatever they want . 
  yes . 
  that 's true . 
  for ukraine , being the gas distributor for the eu represents a credible commitment from countries to the west that one way or another , the heat in ukraine probably stays on in the winter . 
  no public voted for it and it is n't a free commitment . 
  but ... let 's say that ukraine votes for the association agreement , at significant risk to herself .
