  ukraine -- who i 'm gon na assume that you 're trading with -- [ is another 42m people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine ) ukraine has ( coincidentally ) [ another 42 million hectares of agricultural land ] ( http://wdc.org.ua/en/node/29 ) , so that 'll handle a surplus of another ~ 42 million people -- so you need enough farmland for another 100 million . 
  so , by my back-of-the-napkin work , at least the present level of subsidy is n't high enough if you * really * want food self-sufficiency -- you 'd have to force other users of land off it , and bring another ~ 120 million acres into agricultural production , or the eu would need to consume less than the us does ( maybe it does , i dunno ) at the present level . 
  i do n't understand why there was british farmer support for leave . 
  hmm . 
  things that seem to favor remain : * cap subsidies shift money from other industries to them . 
  i agree that they 're probably temporary , a way to buy off farm political support , but they 're here today . 
  and they 're [ apparently pretty substantial ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/9213d2cc-d340-11e6-b06b-680c49b4b4c0 ) :  second , uk farming relies heavily on subsidies , worth about # 3.5 bn a year , from europe 's common agricultural policy . 
  this accounts for 55 per cent of farmers ' incomes . 
  the treasury has pledged to maintain that spending to 2020 , but any reduction beyond that could have a significant impact on the industry . 
  * low-cost labor . 
  advantageous for anyone doing anything other than agricultural labor in the agricultural industry . 
  * the uk may have low agricultural tariffs to the world after brexit . 
  things that seem to favor leave : * maybe the uk will have high tariffs for a while ( i 'm dubious ) . 
  * the uk is a net food importer , and it might have tariffs against the closest growing land after brexit , like france and ireland , which it does not have today . 
  i 'm also kind of dubious , since i suspect that there 's going to be an eu-uk fta . 
  of course , the flip side of that is when it comes to subsidies , if it 's not addressing an externality , it 's zero-sum , so if it 's bad for farmers , it 's good for everyone else involved -- consumers who are now having to pay less for their food ( including in subsidies from taxes ) . 
  but i just do n't really see the upside for british farmers in leave . 
  advantageous for the country , though , in that subsidizing an industry on the backs of other industries is n't an efficiency win . 
  frankly , i wish that the us would kill its own agriculture protectionism : corn ethanol , price support policies , blocking of honey from china on dubious grounds , sugar beet protectionism , crop insurance subsidies , etc. 
  yes . 
  saudi arabia 's government did n't fund the london attacks . 
   store them in these containers , nuclear waste 's volume is small , though . 
  and we do know how to deal with it -- [ geomelting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geomelting ) moves the stuff out of a form where it can spread or leak . 
  for the very long term -- like , hundreds of thousands of years or millions of years -- while i doubt that radioactive material is a really meaningful risk compared to the greater quantities of other pollutants , and that simply using a few disposal mines is probably fine . 
  i suppose you could always shove the stuff into a subduction zone or something if you wanted to send it on a one-way trip to the planet 's core . 
   on a serious note , you do know that trees are planted so that they would undergo photosynthesis continuously , taking co2 out of the air , as opposed to planting them so they would capture carbon while growing ... right ? 
  i 'm not seeing the distinction you 're drawing . 
  not something that i 've followed , but i do n't see how practical tree-farming is . 
  * you have to make sure that the trees do n't burn , or any carbon you extracted via planting goes back into the atmosphere . 
  they have to be dumped in a lake , the ocean , or a bog or something , and then sunk -- that 's the only way they come out of the carbon cycle . 
  so if you 're growing a plant to sequester carbon , you 'd probably rather have it just sink in a bog ( ferns ) or lake ( [ duckweed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lemnoideae ) ) or sea ( seaweed , algae ) , not grow it on dry land where you 'll have to move it once it falls . 
  of those options , algae is quick-growing , easy to manipulate , and there 's a lot of ocean out there . 
  * if you 're going to harvest a tree and dump it in a bog , that 's a lot of energy ( and thus carbon ) you 're using . 
  * i bet that grasses and algae , which can grow faster , add more mass than trees . 
  call me cynical , but in the past when i 've looked at programs that have claimed to be `` green '' and reduce carbon dioxide , they 've amounted to a politically-acceptable handout . 
  mandatory corn ethanol mixing in the us ? 
  permits agricultural subsidies in the form of price supports to flyover states with coastal states buying in ( and al gore and friends explicitly passed over more-efficient sugarcane ethanol , which would n't have permitted subsidizing us agribusiness ) . 
  germany 's carbon credit program resulted in the transfer of a bunch of money from the state to industry -- and those programs were providing subsidies , not taxation , and given that carbon 's purported to be a * negative * externality , there 's no basis for a subsidy . 
  my bet is that tree-planting schemes fall in more-or-less the same boat : a way for someone to get politically-acceptable money from the state . 
  as i 've commented on here before , when someone comes up with a carbon reduction scheme that involves a carbon tax and auctioning -- without restrictions that the provider be domestic , but to a global market -- sequestration services , at that point i 'll believe that policymakers have an actual interest in carbon reduction . 
  until that point , they are n't taking it seriously and so i 'm not paying much attention to it . 
  i mean , it 's a gradient , and the world got smaller with better transportation . 
  italy was n't * that * close either ... 
  [ origins : rap battle - ww1 uncut - bbc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kceuz4rfiac ), 
  i dunno ... i mean , the [ british look pretty comparable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scramble_for_africa ) . 
  would suck pretty heavily if the government of that country ever went bad . 
  i kinda like having multiple options as fallbacks ... 
   piefken google translate says that this is untranslatable . 
  close , but not quite . 
   why does n't spain annex portugal ? 
    why does nobody attack the vatican ? 
  china , it 's stuff like this that ... 
  needs more cyrillic . 
   her brother found out ( 12 years after moana 's death ) that he is actually her son . 
  he found out that he was both her brother and her son , or that he was her son and not her brother ? 
   no it 's not necessary . 
  yes , it is necessary for it to be credible . 
  you might dispute the need for a credible nuclear deterrent , but unless one is to oppose the nuclear deterrent -- in which case corbyn will be expected to defend his views on that point , which are not in line with the majority of british society -- he is kinda on the hook for making the commitments to permit it to function . 
   russian spies and diplomats have been involved in a nearly decade-long effort to spread propaganda and provoke discord in macedonia as part of a region-wide endeavor to stop balkan countries from joining nato . 
  this conclusion comes from a tranche of intelligence documents obtained by the organized crime and corruption reporting project ( occrp ) and partners nova tv and the crime and corruption reporting network ( krik ) . 
  not saying that they 're wrong , and it would be broadly in line with previous eu findings on activities in eastern europe , but has the eu had any member law enforcement or intelligence agencies endorse these particular claims thus far ? 
  every article i 've seen here seems to come directly from macedonia , and i 'd be more comfortable if , say , france or the uk or someone had looked at this and said `` yeah , we agree with and support the assessment '' . 
  if you have a nuclear deterrent , it is necessary to say that you are willing to use nuclear weapons . 
  that 's necessary for it to be credible and thus have effect . 
  there 's only really one correct answer . 
  sure , i imagine that they really wanted to see him say that and attack him as being hypocritical , since he 's been an anti-nuclear-weapons activist in the past . 
  but they 're not wrong to criticize him for it . 
   by treating with the machinations behind the terrorist threat you are selling your safety for a few shillings ( that will never go into your pocket mind ) . 
  the saudi government is n't behind `` the terrorist threat '' . 
   the realisation that the countries mostly affected by the arab spring in 2011 were libya , egypt and syria all allies of iran and countries close to israel okay . 
  and syria was a base for fighters working to overthrow the iraqi government -- we did n't initiate that one . 
  libya was a french and maybe british concern . 
  egypt did n't have anyone involved . 
  afghanistan was the result of our military headquarters and major commercial targets ( and an attempted hit on our legislature ) being hit in the largest act of terrorism in human history , and the country 's leaders refusing to turn over the responsible parties and permitting continued operation of the groups responsible . 
  that was never going to be ignored -- no country would simply swallow that as a cost-of-doing-business . 
  iraq was us , yeah , but at the end of the day , there was an assessment made of how likely iraq was to have wmds . 
  there were some good reasons to think that they did , and ultimately we were wrong . 
  sucks , but that 's that . 
  i do n't think that anyone was super-happy about the final outcome . 
  so if this is a `` somehow israel controls the us '' thing , it 's a bit short on solid support . 
   which saudi arabia does . 
  saudi arabia 's government does not . 
   occupying others lands well , in a sense , you could say that all of israel is `` occupying someone else 's land '' , but the actual formation of the modern country was ultimately precipitated by [ by some pretty unpleasant actions against jews in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_refugees ) . 
  i suppose that if some country had been willing to take said jews in -- and i do n't claim that the us is innocent here , since while we have the largest single portion of the world 's jewish population ( or maybe we 're second compared to israel now ) , we still turned down plenty when we knew that there were war refugees -- up until maybe the post-world war ii era , it still might have been possible to avoid the current situation . 
  but , for a long time , people were not . 
  and so , israel . 
  if you remove `` m '' from wikipedia links , it lets people on desktops see the desktop version and people on the mobile version see the mobile version . 
  if you leave it , everyone sees the mobile version . 
  [ yemeni minister : our last jews are at risk of ethnic cleansing by iran-backed rebels ] ( http://www.thetower.org/4864-yemeni-minister-our-last-jews-are-at-risk-of-ethnic-cleansing-by-iran-backed-rebels/ ) no , it 's iranian-backed houthis that seized control of the government . 
  if you 're gon na be the crossroads of asia , africa , and europe , you 're gon na get powers from all three colliding . 
  `` break your partnership with my regional opponent . '', 
  yeah , right , iran . 
  well , carbon dioxide * does * naturally come out of the atmosphere . 
  it 's just at a slower rate than we 're putting it in , so unless higher co2 permits a higher rate of uptake ( e.g. 
  faster plant growth ) , there 's gon na be an imbalance . 
  i like the idea of [ iron seeding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_fertilization ) , and i 'm a little irked at the pressure against companies that have tried experimenting with it on environmental grounds . 
  it 's potentially both cheap and effective . 
  they also occasionally burn . 
  / r/shiteuropeanssay more up your alley ? 
   i mean i 'm not even sure we can call `` meat '' what they put inside their burgers there .
