  no , but i 've provided a link . 
  if you want to understand what an externality is , you 're free to read it . 
   they set sentences for specific crimes . 
  you 're talking about setting maximum 's before you know anything about ( a ) what crime has been committed or ( b ) what the effects of that crime are . 
  yeah , there 's a risk that hypothetically , they could run into some unexpected situation . 
  however , they 've a history of cases to look at in deciding where to set the maximum . 
  there will probably be some case where they have a cap too low . 
  but as long as they reuduce a sufficient number of excessively-high awards , it 's worth it -- the system becomes more-efficient . 
   initially the family asked only for their medical bills . 
  they were told in no uncertain terms to go fuck themselves . 
  and , in my opinion , rightly so . 
  mcdonalds did nothing out of the ordinary for them , and so there 's no particular reason to expect mcdonalds to be liable for anything . 
  it 'd be * convenient * for them if , after they balanced a paper cup of hot liquid in their crotch and burned themselves , someone else would cover the bills . 
  but in most areas , companies are not subject to * strict * liability -- that is , the company has to have actually done something * wrong * , not just for harm to be caused . 
   ( b ) the coffee they knew was too hot . 
  the coffee was not too hot . 
  all restaurants serve it within the approximate temperature band , and anyone who uses a tea kettle deals with hotter water . 
   `` regulating businesses '' . 
  what kind of bullshit are you selling me ? 
  in the case of restaurants serving coffee , no regulation has been imposed , because the state has n't felt that there 's any reason for an adult to be incapable of dealing with a hot cup of liquid . 
  i agree . 
   was your grandmother , you 'd change you tune . 
  my grandmother has dealt with drinks made with boiling water for many years without pouring it over her crotch and asking for someone else to cover her medical bills . 
   < rambling about random left-wing political initiatives  none of that has anything to do with product liability . 
  if you want to argue that with someone , find someone else to take it up with . 
  well , at the time , this was the state of wireless communication :  13 may -- guglielmo marconi sends the first ever wireless communication over open sea when the message `` are you ready '' is transmitted across the bristol channel from lavernock point in south wales to flat holm island , a distance of 3.7 miles ( 6.0 km ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of the posts would amount to `` oh my gosh this is magic ! '', 
  either we would n't be understanding each other , or we 'd be writing in french . 
  english only began its rise as a * lingua franca * in europe in < checks wikipedia  1919 . 
  we 'd maybe be talking about some of these new ( dangerous ) toys of the rich , horseless carriages . 
  where did i say that it was ? 
  no , but there 's a recognition that civilians * are * going to be hit when action like this is taken . 
  i think that 's a bit over-the-top . 
  the worst-case scenario ( which i had thought was implausble , but this business sure is n't helping ) is that the uk gets tariffs slapped on trade with many important trading partners . 
  they can still * trade * -- this is n't * sanctions * -- just not as efficiently as would normally be the case . 
  the same skillset and public and businesses are there . 
  i do expect the uk to be worse off than had been the case ( though that may have been priced-in already via the pound weakening ... if there is anything obviously down the road , i 've have expected markets to anticipate that ) , but that 's not catastrophe . 
  i 'd be more-concerned about things like ability to choose where to live easily and being part of a large bloc for applying pressure internationally , or having input on product standards . 
  poor switzerland and norway . 
  i 'd be surprised if they made a false positive claim about it , yes . 
   you mean juries that had heard a case and decided that gross negligence had been committed and then subsequently decided - after deliberating on the future costs of care etc. 
  - on an amount only to have that amount overturned because of corporate lobbying the amount there is * compensatory * . 
  i do n't think you understand the issue here , and that may be why you 're upset . 
  there are two types of damages awarded in torts . 
  the first type is * compensatory * . 
  if the jury finds that $ 100 in damages have been done , the plaintiff can be awarded $ 100 . 
  the goal for this is to * fix the problem created * . 
  the second type is * punitive * . 
  if the goal is to discourage the actor from doing the thing again , there 's some argument that compensatory damages might not be equal to the amount required to discourage the the action from being taken again . 
  in this case , juries or judges can additionally impose punitive damages on * top * of the compensatory damages . 
  the issue came from the fact that there was typically no bound on this , which meant that anything that a lawyer could sell a random few people off the street on was being handed out , which could mean orders of magnitude more than the compensatory damages . 
  this is where the idea of `` playing the lawsuit lottery '' came from -- not on compensatory damages , but on punitive damages . 
  tort reform in the us 's main thrust was to cap punitive damages , typically as a single-digit multiple of compensatory damages . 
  there were no more huge checks in the form of many millions of dollars being paid out for comparatively-small actions . 
   no its not a `` reform '' . 
  that 's just bullshit right-wing orwellian nonsense . 
  eviscerating consumer and citizen protections under the law is not a `` reform '' . 
  the bar for something to be a reform is not `` you approve of it '' . 
  i also do n't see any way in which it could be called orwellian -- there 's no government totalitarianism involved . 
   i 'm sorry , but who are you exactly to decide what is warranted and what is n't ? 
  to express my opinion ? 
  just an informed guy . 
  but policymakers have already spoken on this topic , and they 've mostly capped damages . 
   those people heard the cases and decided on what they deemed was fair . 
  i agree . 
  and legislators decided that members of the public have a tendency to hand out excessive punitive awards relative to what was economically-efficient , and capped it . 
  this is within their balliwick , just as they set maximum sentences for judges and juries in criminal law and maximum fines . 
   the mcdonald 's case was calculated based on how many day 's coffee sales they thought should go to this woman . 
  hint : it was n't all that much at all , maybe a few days worth for the mccrooks . 
  yes . 
  and we decided that juries were making bad decisions , this being a very good example , and were wielding too much clout . 
  the * liebeck * case was heard in new mexico . 
  subsequently , new mexico entirely removed the ability of juries to award punitive damages . 
  they can still have mcdonalds pay for medical care , but they are not seen as the appropriate people to be regulating business above-and-beyond this individual incident -- the goal of punitive damages was to push regulatory behavior into the courtroom , and that was seen as being an error . 
   shurg ? 
  what are you `` shruging '' at ? 
  your bought and paid for political and judicial elites think that their corporate donors should have an easy ride , unloading cases like the above onto the average citizen ? 
  no , it 's not merely them . 
  * i * think that the woman did n't deserve to recieve a multi-million dollar punitive payout . 
  i mean , to some degree , the question is moot . 
  mcdonalds never changed the temperature of their coffee , and saw the occasional bad lawsuit as a cost of doing business , and there will not be another case like * liebeck * again in new mexico . 
  sucks if you 're a personal injury attorney , but it brings incentives more-closely into line with where they should be , and everyone else benefits . 
  you wind up shifting the role of the `` punitive damage jury '' back to product safety regulators . 
   that 's an arbitrary limit that has no economic or rationale behind it . 
  i agree that it is somewhat-arbitrary , but clearly `` unlimited '' was being abused , and if you are to draw a line , it is inherently going to be somewhat arbitrary . 
   `` negative externality '' . 
  see i suspected i was dealing with a product of the wanting and vapid economics ` educational system ' and now its all but confirmed . 
  well , if you 're complaining that i 'm going to use economic tools in reasoning about what makes sense to solve a problem , i plead guilty . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
   it was only a problem to corporations who engaged in - and continue to engage in - malpractice , predation , and fraud . 
  it was a problem when juries handed out large punitive damages that were n't necessary to discourage a company from actually taking the action . 
   thats not a `` reform '' ( this orwellian language you righties use is disgusting ) . 
  it most certainly is a reform . 
  it may not be a reform that you personally agree with , but it is not arguable that it is a reform . 
   its not a `` reform '' when a jury has determined that ` x ' number of millions or thousands is to be paid to a victim of a corporate crime only to have that overturned and put to an arbitrarily lower amount . 
  that was * always * the case , since appeals can always reduce the amount involved ( as happened in the mcdonald 's case ) . 
  the reform avoided juries from handing out exorbitant punitive damages from the get-go . 
   that 's corporations being let off the hook for their crimes with the costs being shifted to the taxpaying public who did n't do a damned thing but who is now stuck with the bill for their illegalities . 
  < shrug  policymakers here disagree , and i agree with them . 
   i know right .
