  methodology ? 
   expats and immigrants do refer to different category of people ( whether one has money or not ) no . 
  [ an immigrant is explicitly someone who is coming permanently , and an expat may or may not be coming permanently . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69087x/revealed_how_eu_has_been_secretly_plotting_to/dh52p0s/ ), 
  `` immigrants '' move to stay . 
  `` expats '' may-or-may-not move to stay . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/immigrant  a person who comes to a country from another country in order to permanently settle there . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/expat  an expatriate ; a person who lives outside his or her own country . 
  eh , this sounds like a pretty stock assuming-the-office speech . 
  i am pretty sure that if putin had said `` i endorse trump '' during the elections , that there would not be a complaint . 
  breaking into government computer systems to try to find damaging political material is a different story . 
  as op did n't provide any additional location details , this appears to be the [ sagrada fam\u00edlia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sagrada_fam%c3%adlia ) in barcelona , spain . 
  i wonder if anyone records the actual average number of vacation days that people do take on a country-by-country basis , though . 
  be interesting to see how that compares . 
  there are rumors for ( as well as others explicitly denying that it is him ) flying around all over on social media , including / r/ukpolitics and / r/unitedkingdom . 
  none of them , as of this writing , appear to be reliably-sourced , and they 're at odds with each other . 
  my understanding from / r/ukpolitics is that it 's viewed as politically-disadvantageous to debate corbyn -- that is , she has little to gain , and if she screwed up , she * could * lose a lot . 
  [ wikipedia : franco-british union : suez crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union#suez_crisis_.281956.29 )  in september 1956 , due to a common foe during the suez crisis , an anglo-french task force was created . 
  french prime minister guy mollet proposed a union between the united kingdom and the french union with elizabeth ii as head of state and a common citizenship . 
  as an alternative , mollet proposed that france join the commonwealth . 
  british prime minister anthony eden rejected both proposals and france went on to join the treaty of rome , which established the european economic community and strengthened the franco-german cooperation . 
  hmm . 
  weak in what way ? 
  an actor putting on a play for the benefit of the electorate with little connection to or impact on policy . 
  i did not expect belgium and luxembourg to be near the top of the list . 
  also , it looks like there 's about a third as many people using [ smokeless tobacco ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smokeless_tobacco ) in the world as there are smoking tobacco . 
  according to wikipedia , that 's banned in the eu ( except for sweden , which apparently likes [ snus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snus ) ) , but in the us and canada , it has some popularity . 
  in the us , its use is associated with rural areas . 
  finally , there are e-cigarettes , but it looks like there still are n't all that many users of those . 
  someone 's living skinny and miserable instead of fat and happy !, 
  ... says the guy with the flair reading `` in bloody america '' . 
  you had three words and packed a britishism in there . 
   rumania it 's been `` romania '' in english for some decades now . 
  `` allowed '' ? 
  somewhere , greeks are strutting proud . 
  the ever-popular `` have your country provide healthcare via taxes , and the neighboring country have private healthcare '' option . 
  [ continued from parent comment ]  this part angers me the most , but its important to understand i do n't take that out on individuals who come here under legal terms . 
  many of my friends are indian or chinese researchers ( because , well they make up such a large % these days ) . 
  i hate the policy makers who thought it was a good idea to not put its own citizens first . 
  well , nobody forced h1-b workers to work on an h1-b visa . 
  those people did so because they judged the visa as advantageous to them relative to working in the country where they were born ( and i agree with them -- it probably is normally advantageous to them , and sees great competition ) . 
  sure , there are some constraints , like less labor flexibility than native-born workers enjoy -- you have to stay employed in your field to retain visa access . 
  but that is benefiting people who were in the us relative to a work visa that placed no such requirements ... and if you 're asking for the us to `` put its own citizens first '' , that 's pretty much what it 's doing , by permitting monetization of some of the value of the h1-b . 
  i think that often -- and i am not saying that you intend this -- there is a tendency to complain about the condition of foreign workers when advocating for labor protectionism , when the real concern is not the condition of those workers at all . 
  for example , manufacturing labor in the us often objected to `` sweatshops '' abroad , advocating for protectionist trade policy . 
  and , certainly , people there would have * preferred * us wages and labor terms ... but that was not an option for them , as if they were forced to only work on those terms , they never would have been employed in the first place ... and people in the us who advocated for prohibiting trade with them certainly understand this , as their desire was to block competing labor . 
  for those workers off in china or indonesia , of the choices that they had ( staying desperately-poor on a small farm somewhere , or getting * somewhat * more money in a factory somewhere ) , they made the choice that was most-advantageous to them . 
  that does not mean that there is not a self-interested argument for protectionism . 
  but i have a difficult time with moral arguments that rely upon claiming concern for the good of the foreign worker but aim to do so by adopting policies that have an effect that he would not willingly choose . 
   but if your kids are starving , you do n't go take the food from their plate , and go give it to the neighbor 's kids . 
  you have to take care of your family first before you can take care of other people 's families . 
  yes . 
  but the us is not starving -- it is doing well off this policy . 
  there are very few countries that can say that they are favorably-economically-competing with the us . 
  there are groups and individuals within the churning , bubbling pot that is the us that wind up worse-off , but also there are groups and individuals that wind up better-off , and the net effect is to make the us better-off , and that is what us policy has been aimed at . 
  if someone were to say `` hey , we need to look into mitigating real estate losses to people in areas that see economic decline '' , i 'd be open to at least talking about a policy there , or `` hey , maybe we should , for a period of time , subsidize nearly-at-retirement workers who are in industries that shut down '' . 
  but to say that areas in the us can not see economic decline is to impose a tremendously-rigid economic policy , to block any great change in what is economically-demanded . 
  as i mentioned in the earlier comment , we could have blocked the change that produced the decline of the farming village , kept ourselves as a primary-sector-centric economy , and it would have disrupted the lives of fewer people . 
  but the cost of locking such a thing in place is that today , we 'd be a terribly-poor-by-modern-standards country of small farms , which i think most people , once past the disruption phase , would agree is not something that we want . 
   but not all change is good for everyone , and some change is really bad to large swaths of people while being really good for shareholders of companies . 
  well , i do n't dispute that not all change is good for everyone -- i listed a number of people who do get whacked in my comment . 
  the relative benefit here is n't particularly between shareholders and labor -- after all , shareholders in manufacturing-for-domestic-consumption companies lose out just as shareholders in companies producing goods for export or which use imports benefit . 
  it 's between people , both shareholders and labor and everyone else , who are associated with production for domestic use , and people who are associated with production for use abroad or who use imports from abroad . 
  this does not mean that groups of people do not take a hit . 
  us factories serving domestic demand and using quick-to-train assembly-line workers will compete poorly in many cases against factories in mexico doing the same . 
  some of these workers do n't have a lot of education and had received comparatively high-wages for relatively-easy-to-train-people-in work , and those people would , not surprisingly , prefer the * status quo ante * . 
  i 'm not entirely adverse to the idea of possibly providing some sort of subsidy ( which is not currently the case ) , but then it would be to near-end-of-working-life workers for whom retraining makes little economic sense -- if you 're five years from retirement and were really relying on those five years of income , it may be hard to find an industry that wants to invest in retraining you -- and for a limited period of time , as the industry shuts down . 
  to simply block trade means that those factories continue to exist and to pull in new young workers and to perpetuates the situation . 
   for starters they do have access to food stamps , educational grants , and health care ( via emergency room ) . 
  that 's true -- some forms of benefits can not or are not reasonably excluded , but medicare and medicaid and social security , which is the bulk of the funds , are . 
  i 'm not sure about educational grants -- it looks like the federal government prohibits this , but some states have apparently passed their own laws to provide a subsidy . 
  that is , my guess , also probably economically-advantageous , as education is normally a net positive in return , as long as said illegal immigrants do n't leave after being educated . 
  children of illegal immigrants born on us soil will become citizens , like anyone else who is a citizen , and so they would definitely have access to federal and other funds . 
   secondly on average they increase crime , which decreases productivity , at least in the area they reside in . 
  on average , in the united states , immigrants ( and , probably more relevant to your concern , illegal immigrants ) [ statistically commit crime at a lower rate than the native-born ] ( https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/unauthorized-immigrants-arent-crime-bogeymen ) . 
  illegal immigrants * do * commit crimes at a slightly-higher rate than legal immigrants , but not much higher -- my guess being that they have a uniquely strong incentive to want to stay off police radar . 
  note that as i said above , while illegal immigrants are an economic win for the us as a whole , that does n't mean that i necessarily am entirely on-board with the institutionalization of illegal immigration . 
  certainly i do have some concerns about people in the country not having the ability to pass laws that effectively restrict immigration , for example , regardless of whether-or-not it 's a good idea to do so . 
   the only people to benefit from illegal immigrants , are 1 . 
  the immigrants themselves 2 . 
  the businesses who want tax free labor . 
  that is like saying `` well if we repeal drug laws , that would hurt cartels , and we do n't want to hurt someone '' . 
  some companies do operate by hiding labor and not paying taxes on income , and i could see an argument that cracking down on * that * would be worthwhile . 
  but illegal immigrants [ do pay at least some taxes -- albeit with an unimpressive compliance rate on income taxes ] ( http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/oct/02/maria-teresa-kumar/how-much-do-undocumented-immigrants-pay-taxes/ ) , and the us also derives money when , for example , it imposes business income taxes on a business operating with that labor . 
  illegal immigrants are n't the only ones who benefit from that labor happening . 
  let 's take farms : if i 'm a farm , i 'm getting access to cheaper labor , and so i produce food more-cheaply for domestic consumption ( win for us consumer ) or for export ( us businesses extract money from labor that otherwise would have only been available abroad and the us pulls corporate income tax , and likely does so as well when other people receive higher income or products are purchased , plus demand for services is created ) . 
  let 's take construction : if i live in a house ( and most of us do ! ), 
  i 've got a less-expensive house than would have been the case ; if i live in an office building , i have less-expensive office space than would have been the case . 
  now , there * is * a point where many people are unemployed and then that unemployment becomes an externality , since more labor competition keeps people from being employed and the unemployment costs the country something -- it 's subsidizing people who are idled . 
  but the us does n't really * have * much unemployment at present -- it 's currently 4.7 % , which is [ about at par or slightly below the level expected for full employment in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_employment ) , as people do move and do other things that require them to be out of work for a period of time . 
  that does n't mean that workers do n't get impacted . 
  if you 're in a field that disproportionately competes with illegal immigrants ( a good example might be manual labor , where english knowledge is n't important ) , then your wages may disproportionately drop . 
  workers , on the other hand , who disproportionately are * not * competing with illegal immigrants ( i 'd guess that doctors are a good example , or call center employees or other people who rely on good english ability ) will see a disproportionate increase in demand , since there are now more people demanding their labor . 
  but [ there is not a fixed number of jobs to be done , of which illegal immigrants consume from this pool ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy ) -- each illegal immigrant also generates his own demand . 
  and so while they may impact people in one area disproportionately , they will not simply make native-born workers worse-off on the net . 
   i feel like the argument you are making is that as long as someone is benefiting from it , it is okay , as all change is okay . 
  correct me if i am mistaken . 
  else i would need to see where you believe illegal immigration improves a countries wellbeing . 
  no , the argument is not that all change is okay , but that the native-born us population , averaged out , winds up better-off for having that illegal immigration -- there 's a higher level of economic efficiency . 
  that does not mean that everyone does !,
