  second , even if you enjoy donating towards carbon emission neutrality , i think that you 're unlikely to meet with much success trying to convince everyone else to do so as well . 
  while racially-heterogenous areas in us cities have a link to pricing , this is not a function of `` this area is more expensive and this area is less expensive '' . 
  it was driven by [ segregation restrictions on housing developments ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockbusting ) -- and while that was linked with price , the cause-and-effect was in significant part the reverse of that . 
  this was the case for detroit . 
  detroit was n't a function of the poor being driven outwards . 
  in fact , in detroit , insofar as anyone left , it was the reverse -- comparatively well-to-do whites [ leaving ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/detroit#race_and_ethnicity ) and purchasing homes in the suburbs due to [ white flight ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_flight ) after blacks moved into the urban environment , with race riots being a major factor starting the exodus . 
  yes , that did wind up with changes in house value , but it was collapses due to people leaving and a collapse in demand , not high prices driving people out . 
  blocking foreigners from building detroit housing would n't have resulted in any more integration , and blocking non-detroiters from moving in would have simply blocked blacks , resulting in a white urban core and the white suburbs that exist today not existing . 
   but we also must do something about the constant cycle of the poor being driven outwards . 
  well , if you do n't fully address the issue by permitting building up -- which is what i 'd prefer , though it 'd never * completely * meet demand from some people who are going to want a detached house and a detached house only , so you 'd still be up for some higher-priced areas -- then you 're going to have contention for what housing exists there . 
  if that happens , then we normally say that the seller gets to choose who to sell it to , and the seller typically chooses the high bidder . 
  so in scarce supply , the poor are n't going to be able to outbid the wealthy and you 're going to wind up with people buying houses in whatever particularly-desirable neighborhood there is going to the wealthy . 
  my take is that that 's not a problem -- it 's how everything normally winds up being allocated . 
  when i 'm selling , say , ferrari sports cars , i do n't say `` okay , now you need to sell every other car to someone who is poor '' , and thus it seems equally odd to think that one would have a similar constraint on housing in a particular neighborhood . 
  i 'd also add that i think that your concern , the existence of well-to-do neighborhoods , is different from the issue that most people have with london housing -- that it is quite expensive . 
   it 's about large amounts of living space being occupied by people who do n't live in the city and do n't work in the city . 
  first , let me reiterate : i doubt that this is a significant contribution . 
  we 're hypothetically talking about just people buying vacation homes here that then would go unused , not people buying-to-rent , which does n't remove housing from the market . 
  london has a population of 8.6 million . 
  there are [ about 2.5 people in the average london household ] ( https://www.london.gov.uk/sites/default/files/housing_in_london_2015.pdf ) , so about 3.4 million households . 
  there are [ `` almost 21k houses that have been vacant for over six months in london '' ] ( http://www.cityam.com/241904/london-house-prices-more-than-12bn-worth-of-properties-are-lying-empty-in-the-capital-and-guess-which-borough-is-the-worst ) . 
  that 's not a lot of vacant housing relative to the total supply ( in fact , i 'm frankly rather astonished that it is that low ) . 
  and so , i 'm really dubious that this is due to people buying housing and then just leaving it unused . 
  but , again , let 's roll with the assumption that it is ...  london is not a tourist city , at least not in the sense that this ought to be its primary source of income or purpose . 
  london is the [ third greatest tourist city in the world ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/galleries/top-20-most-visited-cities/cities3/ ) . 
  but , okay , let 's ask : `` is there any purpose to restricting people from purchasing vacation houses in london to engage in tourism '' ? 
  i do n't particularly see why . 
  paris is a popular tourism destination . 
  it 's a way to capitalize on the value of the city . 
   people can not be segregated along financial lines , the living space needs to be mixed . 
  what , you mean there ca n't be expensive areas and inexpensive areas in a city ? 
  that already exists today , everywhere . 
  permitting construction of more housing by relaxing height restrictions -- what i would like to see -- would make * all * of the areas less-expensive , but you 'd still have price differences . 
  you 'd also have price differences if you blocked foreigners from purchasing housing . 
   a city is n't a museum for rich people that 's one of its roles , if you 're a tourist city . 
  might not be for an industrial backwater somewhere . 
   this gentrification drives the poor out of the cities i agree that sprawl can create inefficiency , but it does n't need to do so if you permit building upwards in the city . 
   you ca n't be a permanent vacationing spot for the bored nobility you can build places for people to vacation as well -- it 's not an either/or question . 
   it has been the most successful policy disease was not a policy . 
  the subject of an o henry short story , [ * the cop and the anthem * ] ( http://www.classicreader.com/book/1757/1/ ) . 
  in * tropico 2 * , pirates were happy when provided with a surfeit of whores . 
  i 'm not sure that the tropico series is necessarily the best source of edutainment on this matter . 
  an ideal market under given conditions does . 
  but that 's an approximation , a model of real world markets . 
  we * know * that people are n't perfectly rational or perfectly-informed . 
  that 's not unusual for the sciences . 
  we know that there are no perfect spheres in nature , but we use idealized spheres in physics . 
  nothing wrong with that , because it makes for a model that approximates reality and is more-viable to work with . 
  i can give you several points where housing markets are n't ideal : people often irrationally favor buying over renting , even when doing so is not in their favor . 
  people owning real estate have the ability to restrict the entry of competitors by blocking construction of new housing via zoning and other ordinances . 
  most people are n't going to go understand what a default would mean for them or what expected maintenance and depreciation costs are ahead of time . 
  but we do n't require a model to be * perfect * to use it . 
  it 's also not all investors renting . 
  that 's * some * of it , because the price-to-rent ratio is high in london , which means that people are irrationally-favoring buying rather than renting , to the point where london real estate is not a good investment if your goal is obtaining rent -- london is over-invested in that sense , with investors subsidizing renters . 
  but rent is also high relative to income , and price high relative to cost of construction , which means that restrictions on construction are an issue . 
  either lenders predict a big downturn in the real estate market in london and refuse to lend to do construction * or * it 's things like `` you ca n't build higher than n feet in this area '' blocking housing demand being satisfied . 
  i suspect that most housing is not being purchased as vacation housing . 
  but , okay , let 's pretend that it is . 
  you now have tremendous demand for your construction industry . 
  zone high-enough height restrictions to build high enough up to provide housing for everyone who wants it and start building . 
  foreigners are buying your country a ton of housing stock . 
  great !, 
  and if you really do have a ton of wealthy people vacationing , then you 've got luxury tourism with high-class restaurants and whatnot to help relieve them of the burden of said money . 
  hell , it 's even better -- they are n't even utilizing resources , like school and roads and whatnot , but they 're still paying taxes on their property . 
  i do n't particularly care about the * kids * . 
  their kids are normally brought up in the us educational system . 
  what i do n't want is the third world showing up * en masse * and wanting to live on subsidy , and the current system , sketchy as it may be , avoids that . 
  yeah , but i 'm not very happy with this article . 
  this is a us publication aimed at us readers , and in the americas , kicking someone out of the country that they were born in normally means stripping citizenship , which is , in the us , an extreme taboo -- that 's what 's makes you * part * of the nation . 
  the article does say that they are not citizens , but then juxtaposes it with a lot of material about efforts to strip citizenship , which i do n't think should have been present . 
  there 's room there for an article explaining and critiquing * jus solid * and * jus sanguinis * or whether stripping citizenship is ever a good idea ( in the us , almost always unconstitutional ) , or whatnot . 
  but this mostly just leaves a lot of room for confusion over topics with a lot of emotional load . 
  the historic record is n't good , but we 'll see . 
  there have been serious people banging on asset recovery . 
  https://euobserver.com/economic/133425  in the course of the summit , cameron pledged to set up a public registry in his country so that foreign companies that already hold or want to buy property in the uk will be forced to reveal who really owns them . 
    '' we are also consulting on reversing the burden of proof , so that if we suspect people of using stolen money to buy property we can force them to prove they accumulated their wealth legitimately - or they will face having it stripped from them by a court '' , cameron said . 
    the most far-reaching commitment was however made by afghanistan , france , kenya , the netherlands , nigeria and uk . 
  the six agreed to set up public registers of beneficial owners , listing who really owns a company . 
    another 40 countries furthermore said they will exchange beneficial ownership information between their governments . 
  those countries include cayman islands , jersey , bermuda and the isle of man . 
    the british virgin islands did not agree to do it . 
    the us said it would host a global forum for the recovery of assets next year . 
  it will , to begin with , focus on returning resources to nigeria , ukraine , sri lanka and tunisia . 
    cameron also announced the creation of an international anti-corruption coordination centre , which will bring together law enforcement agencies from eight countries to help them recover stolen assets . 
  the centre will be located in london . 
  fair enough . 
  to win his referendum in three-and-a-half weeks , hence the ramp-up . 
  if he loses this , he does n't get the new powers he wants and the extensions to the term limits and will potentially be out of office in iirc three years . 
  i see material about food relief , but that 's all in 1919 . 
  maybe the map was from the end of 1918 and the process had been started ? 
  edit : yeah , it says december 1 , 1918 . 
  i do n't , but then , neither do most people in the west . 
  but it does happen . 
  muslims clearly do not , as a group , commit terrorism at the slightest sign of unfriendliness . 
  are you just going to keep incorrectly claiming `` exterminated '' in the hopes that people will stop pointing out that you 're wrong ? 
   so you just wanted to cleanse people from their land , where they had nowhere to go and resisted , bite back so you massacred them . 
  no , people were being moved to reservations . 
  they had somewhere to go . 
  less desirable land , yes , but not nowhere . 
   not even counting the holy war against them not a holy war .
