  in my eyes , the eu free-movement-but-no-further-union model only makes sense as a transitional step , not an intended model -- which is probably what the eu intends . 
  if the uk wanted to do something like that , controlled work visas or something would probably be required to maintain a long-term solution . 
  second , while such a thing might feel like a giddy rush for the brits in terms of size and military clout , from a us perspective , the shift in relative wealth is all too clear : the us alone does n't represent nearly as large a chunk of the world as it once did . 
  china and other `` poor-in-recent-years '' countries are going to become more wealthy . 
  in 1945 , the us could possibly have done something like that ( even if , looking forwards , it would have been a bad idea ) , but it 's simply not large enough today . 
  it might be less-constrained by an immediate need for alliances than the uk , but it would still badly-position herself for the long run . 
  the us still requires those links with canada , europe , japan , korea , and so forth to maintain the kind of size necessary in coalitions to throw weight around . 
  that 's isds . 
  it 's the norm in eu and in us ftas , and both have multiple ftas that have isds present and have for years . 
  organizations opposed to an fta ( like , i expect , farming industry in europe , which would tend to lose out relative to non-farming industry ) , are aware that the typical member of the public is n't familiar with isds and played off this unfamiliarity in campaigning against it . 
  ... are you using some sort of program that does n't show user flair ? 
  you do understand that you 're talking to an american , not a brit , right ? 
   maybe but that 's what quite a few brits would like to see happening with the `` white only '' members canada / australia / new zealand and let daddy usa lead the whole thing . 
  that 's not the commonwealth -- that 's canzuk , and from what i can tell , there is n't a lot of enthusiasm , if the uk does that , for having the us in , as then the uk would n't be the `` big country '' in it . 
  i think that the objections to it that i saw from those opposed were pretty weak . 
  also , trump had n't killed ttip -- the negotiators had n't reached an agreement , and it would n't have gone through . 
  trump took credit , as he was running on an anti-trade image , but he did n't really have impact on where the negotiation was going . 
  i mean , the us is switching , but to natural gas -- we have a massive glut of it due to hydrofracking for oil , which frees up a lot of natural gas as a byproduct . 
  that 's preferable to coal if your concern is , say , sulfur or mercury emissions , but it does n't change much one way or the other if you do n't like carbon dioxide . 
  i think that you may have a kinda distorted view of the us ... 
   the commonwealth is dead , all trade treaties and partnership with australia , the usa , india , canada and so forth ended the day the uk entered the eu and had to comply to brussels trade and partnership agreements . 
  * the us is n't part of the commonwealth . 
  * the commonwealth is n't a trade association . 
   sure enough you will try to recreate the commonwealth , * as i said , it exists now -- it does n't require recreation . 
  * again , the us is n't a commonwealth member . 
   nobody needs you but you need everybody , ... um . 
  okay . 
  i think that if we vanished , the world would probably continue and all that , but i do n't think that there 's a basis for saying that there 's some sort of bidirectional need in the other direction . 
   brussels is n't the only place where you 'll face difficulty making trade agreements ttip did n't pass , but i 'm sure that the us will continue to establish trade agreements . 
  * having a defense alliance with a nato member makes it easier to create routes where nato gets pulled in in some way . 
  in the event of an actual conflict with russia , finland 's main concern would probably be finding a way to pull in nato one way or another . 
  back in the winter war , her main concern was finding a way to bring in other countries : france or sweden , in particular . 
  * [ there 's a history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish%e2%80%93estonian_defence_cooperation ) : `` during the winter war , estonia was formally neutral , even though it had to allow the soviet union to establish military bases and station troops on its soil . 
  from those military bases , the soviet union carried out bombing raids on finland . 
  as part of the coastal artillery cooperation , the countries had a common fire management system linked by an undersea radio cable . 
  the estonians had earlier managed to decipher the soviet secret radio code , and they had access to military radio communications . 
  during the winter war , estonian military staff gave the finns top secret information on soviet troop movements . '', 
  or anyone traveling near the swiss border carrying a phone with roaming enabled who has their phone select a swiss tower as closest . 
  i 'd watch it if they started it up again . 
  it 's actually pretty impressive if you think about what the budget must have been . 
  they use very few sets , and it 's mostly just people in suits standing around and talking , but it 's a good watch . 
  probably just a bush with tank treads . 
   do you think it 's fair that the labour had to rush into writing an election manifesto without warning while the tories had all the time to prepare because they called a snap election ? 
  well , i do n't live in a parliamentary democracy , but i 'd assume that parties in those that do keep a reasonably-up-to-date manifesto internally for these sorts of occasions . 
  they 'd need one every five years in the uk at most anyway . 
  i assume that they keep more-or-less the same issues from election to election anyway . 
  what , it 's not a valid assumption that someone from nyc 's jewish ? 
  / s tbf , it looks like about 12 % of nyc 's population is jewish , and i assume that a decent chunk of people with german ancestry there are jewish , so i bet that they are n't completely out in left field . 
  i just hope you do n't wind up with things like melenchon 's playing russian roulette with a50 becoming the norm if it happens . 
  we just saw his proposal , and the greek referendum before that . 
  all it takes is someone playing hardball in an attempted bluff and misjudging referendum numbers like cameron and bam ... 
  eh , losing a plane tends to turn people off too . 
  precedent value . 
  * charlie hebdo * feels kinda like * mad magazine * to me . 
  it did n't make me smile either . 
  i do n't think that i 'm really into satirical magazines . 
  i think that they just have to produce material too quickly to produce really funny content . 
  technically , us states have [ gsp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_state_product ) :  gross state product ( gsp ) , gross regional product ( grp ) or gross state domestic product ( gsdp ) is a measurement of the economic output of a state or province ( i.e. , of a subnational entity ) . 
  it is the sum of all value added by industries within the state and serves as a counterpart to the gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  the climate change schtick is pretty common among republican politicians ( i mean , not actually believing that it does n't exist , but saying that it does n't for the benefit of voters ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that someone on the right would say that the right is not racist or sexist . 
  the eu does n't ( and reasonably so ) specify how a50 is to be triggered -- that 's up to the country . 
  in practice , the legislature could probably trip it , though it might be politically unpopular . 
  i agree that it 's not * necessary * to remove a50 to remove the veto and have an effect . 
  i 'm just saying that it would be more-effective and safer , since now your `` country x really does n't like decision y '' alarm is no longer a veto , but an exit . 
  i 'd be somewhat concerned . 
  it 's not essential , but one risk of entirely moving to qmv without removing a50 is that you wind up with countries threatening or bluffing to trigger a50 as a sort of ad-hoc veto . 
  as long as you have a veto , it 's difficult to reach that state , as you could always just veto something instead of triggering a50 . 
  but if the veto vanishes , then threatening a50 becomes the next-most-powerful bomb that a country can throw . 
  my guess is that you 'd see a lot more threats to leave . 
  that 's probably not something that you 'd want to see becoming the norm . 
  california has wanted to break up for a long time , and there 's at * least * a population argument for it . 
  in fact , nigel farage has been one of several people associated with the [ republicans promoting a california split ] ( http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/03/26/the-bad-boys-of-brexit-throw-their-weight-behind-calexit/ ) recently ( do n't ask me how nigel farage , of all people , gets lugged into this ) . 
  a california split , if done the way the gop would want it , would provide another republican-voting state by gerrymandering at the state level , and if added at the same time as puerto rico , it would `` neutralize '' the addition of puerto rico in the senate . 
  it 's actually not a bad idea for the gop to do : * it would prevent the democrats from adding puerto rico later alone and gaining senate votes . 
  sooner or later , puerto rico will probably get in and get the votes , and the democrats would presumably block a california split ( well , one that would split california into a republican and democrat half , at any rate -- they 'd want two democrat states instead ) , whereas a `` new republican and new democrat '' state might be more-acceptable to other states . 
  * the republicans actually have a two-house majority , so can pull in puerto rico on republican terms . 
  * if there is any state that splits down the line , it 'll probably be california , since it 's the largest , and doing it * now * would ensure that california does so on republican terms and thus ca n't later do so on democrat terms . 
  * the second-largest state is texas . 
  texas actually , uniquely , has a guarantee given at the time that it joined that it can split into up to five states if it wants to do so , so it 's already got a route to pull this off . 
  as long as you are n't worried about side channels of communication , like `` processor has an embedded cell transmitter that will start transmitting when a magic sequence comes through '' , you can build secure processors via a `` takes many thieves to make an honest bargain '' structure even if you have no control or influence over production . 
  you got ta be willing to pay more , though , by a fixed multiplier , and you 're looking at a performance hit . 
  you go to the us , and say `` we want to buy a processor that can run code of this type '' . 
  then you go to china and say the same thing . 
  then you go to russia and say the same thing . 
  then you build a motherboard and you stick one of each of 'em on it . 
  give each their own memory stick . 
  for every operation , the processors effectively `` vote '' on what they want to do . 
  if any of those processors deviates in their output , it 's either a failure or it 's doing something sneaky and you red-flag it . 
  that would require collusion between all of those parties to insert a backdoor . 
  that 's not necessarily useful for consumer hardware , but if you 're trying to build stuff where security is okay at a premium , that could work . 
  this sort of approach is used sometimes in things like bank code , where you may not trust your programmers or software developers not to insert backdoors . 
  you just have them * both * develop a system to strict specifications , and if what the two try to do on a transaction disagree ... you red-flag the result . 
  that lets you build a trusted system without trusted developers ... or at least would require require collusion between the parties to beat the system . 
  could build a [ faraday cage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faraday_cage ) around each processor if you do n't trust it not to open side channels via radio transmissions . 
  alternately , if you do n't trust crypto algorithms , can again use a `` takes many thieves '' . 
  just stream your data through crypto algorithm a , then crypto algorithm b , then crypto algorithm c. unless the party that designed algorithm a , b , and c are all colluding , your data 's safe . 
  we do n't fab much over here either . 
  that 's happened in less-environmental-restrictions east asia since ... i dunno , what , the 1990s ? 
   there has to be a way to retain investors without having the sort of poverty the us has .
