  in such a free trade bloc : * sure , low-pay labor in wealthy countries is protected insofar as there are some jobs that have to be done locally ( e.g. 
  you ca n't outsource window-washing ) , so they extract some money from everyone else by being able to charge higher rates for window-washing . 
  but that 's not unique to the free trade bloc . 
  in a single market , you can always create policies -- like the cap or whatever -- that subsidize one impacted group if you want to slow the effect ( though ultimately , the subsidies could never be permanent ) . 
  * you * could * leverage cheaper labor , but only by moving factories to poorer countries . 
  my believe is that this is not as rapid or complete an effect as labor being able to move -- canada is n't far-off the us , but canadians do still make somewhat less money . 
  * i do n't think that a free trade bloc does much to build a common identity . 
  now , okay , maybe you do n't * want * that , but i really think that it has served the us well . 
   additionally we invited countries into the eu that do n't share the fundamental values and core ideals of the union , for ultimately base economic benefit . 
  well ... values , i think , shift and merge around . 
  i do n't think that anyone is firmly wedded to something incompatible ( or that if they are , that it is that essential to the eu ) . 
  i mean , yeah , protestants and catholics and orthodox people ... we had friction too , but it sorted itself out . 
  and , yeah , i agree that a major aim was economic development . 
  but that 's not * intrinsically * a bad thing . 
  there are benefits to having a larger union -- more resources and manpower to work with , more places with their own unique benefits -- but the eu is much better-off with developed states than undeveloped states . 
  i mean , countries invest money on building up states because they expect to get a return out of spending that money . 
  and much of what the eu spending involves is , as i recall , subsidized loans -- so , yeah , there 's a money transfer there , but it 's also not the full face value of the loan , but the difference in interest rates between market rates and what the borrower pays . 
  what if you had two or three eus and they became rivals to each other ? 
  i mean , the us did * not * want the us to split into the usa and the csa , given what it would have done to the us in terms of military and other positioning . 
  https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/9-absurd-things-youre-not-allowed-to-do-in-parliament-10250704.html  it has been illegal to wear a suit of armour in the house of commons for just over 700 years . 
  this stems from a 1313 statute passed under king edward ii named statutum de defensione portandi arma ( statute forbidding the wearing of weapons )   before this , armour was fine . 
  the bill was apparently passed because `` certain persons '' had disrupted debates . 
  swords in the chamber are also banned by the same statute , and mps are to this day given a loop next to their coat hook to hang their swords in the cloakroom . 
  that being said , it 's not entirely-clear to me that king edward ii had lord buckethead in mind . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_forbidding_bearing_of_armour  the statute was issued following a period of political turmoil in england which had culminated in the declaration of the ordinances of 1311 -- a set of regulations imposed on the king by the english peerage and clergy to restrict his power . 
  the role of the king 's favourite , the relatively low-born piers gaveston , was a particular source of tension between edward and his nobles . 
  the barons forced edward to send gaveston into exile in a parliament held in april 1308 , which they may have attended under arms . 
  [ 2 ]   when gaveston returned from his exile in ireland in 1309 , he further infuriated the kingdom 's most senior nobles by treating them with contempt , giving them crude nicknames such as `` burstbelly '' and `` whoreson '' . 
  they refused to attend parliaments called for october 1309 and february 1310 , citing gaveston 's presence as the reason . 
  edward sought to placate them on the latter occasion by sending gaveston out of london and ordering the earls to come unarmed to parliament . 
  instead , they raised armed retinues which camped on the outskirts of london and presented themselves fully armed before the king , in open defiance of his edict . 
  the outcome of the parliament was the creation of a council of nobles which eventually produced the ordinances a year later . 
  [ 3 ] the earls of lancaster , warwick and hereford also attended the parliament of september 1312 fully armed . 
  [ 2 ]   edward 's enactment of the 1313 statute represented at least his fifth attempt to rein in his nobles ' tendency to use the threat of armed force as a means of bringing pressure at parliament . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  germany does n't have any special authority in the eu that france does n't , barring a somewhat-larger population . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  :-( also , as a note : the `` 51st state '' phrase is a long running thing . 
  however , puerto rico just voted , the day before yesterday , to become a us state , and the republicans have acceptance in their party platform , so it 's got a pretty good chance of becoming a state relatively-soon . 
  so chances are pretty decent that the phrase for `` whoever might join the us '' should be `` 52nd state '' now , unless the process somehow gets hung up . 
  finally , i do n't know whether you were serious , but i doubt very much that the uk will ask to join the us as a state ( or as a bunch of states ) -- even if the british leadership wanted to do so , which i doubt , i have a hard time believing that a public that did n't want a confederation would immediately want to jump into a federation . 
  we 've maintained a coalition with canada without canada asking to join , and while a `` uk not in the eu '' will , i 'd guess , work with the us more than it had , my guess is that it 'll probably continue to be a supranational relationship . 
  i 'd support it if that 's actually what the uk wanted , but i doubt that it is . 
   various association agreements like they exist with switzerland , norway on one hand , or the ukraine , georgia and the west balkans nowadays would have served perfectly fine in creating a strong supportive network without involving countries into the project that are n't actually commited to its goals . 
  : - / i 'm gon na be honest . 
  the kinda deals that the eu has with , say , turkey or norway seem one-sided to me -- that is , either they 're kinda exploitative of the other party or ( and this is my guess ) the aim is to encourage countries * not * to ultimately stay in that status , but move into the eu . 
  stopping or delaying things like population movement would certainly be politically popular in some of the destinations . 
  but it would also make it harder to spread common language , to produce economic convergence , to have people who are familiar with cross-country ties . 
  i think that some of the political impetus for a european union derives from the post-war era , and then more from the end of the cold war . 
  identities had n't been re-created in opposition to such a union . 
  if it does n't happen , you might wind up with a europe of factions again . 
  i think that the eu is more-appealing to smaller countries -- the benefits of its scale are more-meaningful , so once those sub-europe level factions calcify in place ... well , < shrug  it might be harder to do much more . 
  i think that there was also merit to inertia , to a sense of inevitability . 
  if you build a faction and then freeze it for fifty years ... well , that might not have happened . 
  i really think that if the aim is ultimately to be one hundreds-of-millions-strong highly-developed unit , letting people move around -- maybe with a delay -- is something that would have best happened soon . 
  i realize that there are people who do not have that as a goal , but if it is the goal ... well ... i do n't think that the eu folks went too far wrong in their decision . 
  finally , i think that there is some hesitance from countries that may not be visible * because * a few countries were the ones to complain first about rapid integration . 
  if it 's always , i dunno , the uk and poland that speak up , you 're not going to hear the objections of someone who has objections that are n't * quite * as strong ... but that does n't mean that they do n't exist . 
  the royals were doing european integration around a german core before it was cool . 
   those are just racist red necks https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/redneck  the term redneck is a derogatory term chiefly used for a rural poor white person of the southern united states . 
  [ black nazi ny cabbie defends ideology : hitler was misunderstood ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/black-nazi-cabbie-defends-ideology/ ), 
  i like modern clothing . 
  it 's comfortable and does n't take much effort . 
  was n't hell march intended to represent the soviets in * command and conquer * ? 
  nazi hell march seems sorta odd ... 
   say whatever , but between keeping trident alive as if it is n't subsidized and controlled by the us i mean , we do n't control british trident . 
  we do pay for some r&d , but so do the british -- that 's normal for anything with a fixed cost . 
   going back now would mean we 'd have to swallow our pride so you 've got side a and side b who would be better off collaborating but wo n't because they 'd have to swallow their pride ? 
  * for never was a story of more woe * * than this of juliet and her romeo . 
   a relationship can not survive when the only reason for it is money . 
  well , there 's melania trump . 
  uk : `` we do n't want to . '', 
  france : `` please no '' uk : ... `` on second thought , staying is a really sensible idea ! '', 
  if you 'd left poland and the baltics and so forth out in the cold , the eu would be a much less ambitious project . 
  besides , remember that half of germany also did time on the other side of the iron curtain . 
  you going to hack germany in half ? 
   the eu needs the uk neither * needs * the other . 
  both would be * better off * with each other . 
  if you 've always used the cold and clinical metric system , you 'll never know the warm , human pleasure of sitting down to a peck of apples stewed up with a few cups of sugar , a teaspoon of cinnamon and all the rest cooked into a warm pie , with a cold pint of milk at hand . 
  metric , now , that 's for hospitals . 
  science labs . 
  impersonal places . 
  vindication !, 
  i knew we were holding out all these years for something !, 
  the imperial system 's coming back !, 
  liberia is n't a british colony . 
  i mean , it 'd probably be economically advantageous for the eu to end cap , but if you do n't buy off the farmers with something , they 're gon na complain about losing their little protectionist niche . 
  because corbyn 's so left that he thinks that the eu is unacceptably right . 
  the number of people on both sides of the equation here who are insisting that , no , it is * they * who is dumping the other party is a bit silly . 
   it 's likely that they 'd leave as soon as they knew what they wanted that may be quite some time . 
  well , now , wait a minute . 
  the uk is also an island . 
  non-membership in schengen makes way more sense for an island : if , say , malta went that route , i think it 'd be reasonable . 
  the us requires people coming to or from guam to clear customs , and that 's a us territory . 
  would never work as a * yes , minister * . 
  far too unrealistic . 
  he seems at least as competent as our leader . 
  if you 're gon na do something , go large . 
  let me explain how this works , ireland . 
  you get independence , you think everything 's smooth sailing , no tea taxes in sight ... and 250 years down the road , bam , nigel shows up .
