  a meaningful navy . 
  yes , the ussr won the winter war . 
  they did not achieve their initial objectives , which was to seize all of finland . 
  but they certainly gained territory . 
  but they lost so many more people and so much more military hardware to a by-most-measurements * far * smaller and weaker force doing so , and the force held them for a long time . 
  it was n't described as a victory . 
  but it was definitely bungled , which is the term that was used . 
   everything from their oil fields , in all fairness , one of the things explicitly-targeted by the post-crimea sanctions in the us was blocking oil extraction equipment and technology from being exported to russia . 
  i expect that aids in rendering the oil/gas extraction industry uncompetitive . 
  even if russia is trying to modernize and allocating resources to it , there is now external effort actively impeding it . 
  wow . 
  that 's a load-bearing brick wall . 
  ii 'm pretty sure that pretty much all the ones i see have the brick just used as a facade in front of a non-brick wall . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weev  auernheimer is a member of the gay nigger association of america , [ 65 ] an anti-blogging trolling group ... 
  so , basically , the same people that were a goddamn pain in the ass repeatedly spamming ascii penises on slashdot twenty years ago have continued to be a goddamn annoyance . 
   although auernheimer has stated he is of jewish descent ... in october 2014 , auernheimer published an article in the neo-nazi blog the daily stormer in which he revealed himself to be a white nationalist . 
  he displayed photographs of his tattoos , one in the shape of a swastika . 
  he described his prison time as `` thousands of hours yelling the eddas at the top of my lungs and scrawling runes on the concrete walls . '', 
   the u.s. justice department announced that he would be charged with one count of conspiracy to access a computer without authorization and one count of fraud . 
  [ 27 ] although his co-defendant , daniel spitler , was quickly released on bail , auernheimer was initially denied bail because of his unemployment and lack of a family member to host him . 
  sounds like an upstanding pillar of society . 
   on red ice radio , andrew reasoned that `` the way i look at the term ` white supremacy ' ... africans are supreme in africa ... it 's not like the chinese are n't supreme in china . 
  why should n't whites be supreme in the nations of their forefathers ? '', 
  . . says the guy who left for :  according to pandodaily , auernheimer was living in lebanon as of 2014 in order to avoid further prosecution from the united states . 
  he 's russian . 
  i 've got a bunch of points in my [ other response ] ( https://reddit.com/comments/6bg50l/comment/dhn6g9n ) , but i think that a large chunk of the objection you have was that de-nazification was partial , and that debaathification went top far . 
  the problem is that that there were religious and tribal divisions in iraq that did n't exist in germany . 
  postwar germans were one people , albeit with different political views . 
  you could still expect a nazi to treat the interests of non-nazi germans seriously ( well , okay , maybe not jews , say , but emigration and the holocaust had kinda rendered the point moot ) . 
  iraq moving to elections was going to involve a flip-flop of power , where a ruling sunni minority was no longer in charge . 
  that 's fundamentally a major loss for them , no way to make it very palatable . 
  it 's doubtful to me whether the us could have fundamentally altered culture in iraq and eliminated that kind of tribalism or whether the postwar government would have accepted such ongoing efforts . 
  if the government had been stable and debaathification incomplete , then it presumably would have conducted its own more-conplete purge . 
  to have done what germany had done would have involved a majority that had often had a really unpleasant time of it accepting that now these people could be trusted to not try to oppose them . 
  i think that a better example might be trying to get a government composed just of nazis and jews to get along . 
  it 's going to be hard to get either side to trust the other , and whichever side can gain the upper hand seems likely to purge the other for their own security . 
   denazification happened , but all the german soldiers got a job and support well ... that 's [ perhaps a rather pleasant face to put on what the allies did with german soldiers immediately post-war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_labor_of_germans_after_world_war_ii ) . 
  i suppose that in practice , it might have solved some problem , but i do n't think that the immediate concern was mostly their welfare . 
  there are a bunch of comparisons online for why denazification worked and debaathification did n't . 
  i think that there 's some valid points there . 
  a sample : * iraq was split between sunni and shiite factions . 
  nazi germans and non-nazi germans were not really enemies or rivals in that sense . 
  * germany had lost about as completely as was possible -- hitler had held out until the bitter end precisely because the idea of the leadership having sold out an undefeated germany was core to some of his own movement . 
  there simply was not a credible way to claim that the nazi party could regain power in germany and meet with success . 
  in iraq , much of the military had simply surrendered without fighting . 
  * the enemy was different . 
  the allies still had soldiers in post-war germany , and a sort of sa 2.0 would have had to fight them to take over . 
  baathists probably did n't believe that they could beat the us , but they probably * did * think that they could beat the new government . 
  allied involvement in germany post-war was predicated on having had been attacked and being at risk of another attack . 
  the us had no such basis in iraq for a continued occupation , so the question was really up to the new government , which thought that it could handle things . 
  * german 's manpower ( as well as that of many of the allies ) had been seriously harmed . 
  there was a major need for workers after the war . 
  the iraq war had comparatively-few combat deaths . 
   ( think marshal-plan ) we spent half as much in real terms , on the iraq reconstruction as we had on the marshall plan ... and the marshall plan had to cover far more destruction , countries , and people . 
   not so much the case in me , i wonder why . 
  well , you apparently feel that the us intentionally wanted debaathificarion to have problems . 
  i do not think that this is the case -- i think that we made a pretty substantial effort to have it work and that it would be very much in us interests for it to have been more successful . 
  can you expand ? 
  when countries bought the debt , they became the new creditors . 
   are you sure ? 
  i am sure that those are the correct definitions of the terms . 
  well , debaathification certainly involved stripping many people of jobs . 
  you 've got a german flair . 
  what 's your position on [ denazification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denazification ) , which did the same thing with the nazi party ? 
  should it have not happened ? 
  i mean , the general principle seems fair , but the specific case here -- which appears to be russia asking about laptops being banned on flights , which was also a concern among plenty of users here who could n't see a basis -- seems reasonably unlikely to compromise any source . 
  based on [ this comment ] ( https://reddit.com/comments/6bhxs1/comment/dhmzgik ) and looking at both articles , it * does * appear that the article was confusingly written . 
  i do n't think that there was a violation of an intelligence-sharing agreement or that europe was the source of the information or that the source of the information objected . 
  there are plenty of beefs i have with russia , but i doubt that russia 's got plans to facilitate plane hijackings or bombings . 
  they are also similarly vulnerable and have reliance on air travel . 
  trump could potentially have provided non-sanitized information that exposed sources or methods , but there 's no reason to believe that this was the case , and multiple levels at which sanitization could have happened . 
  do n't get me wrong -- trump has very little ground to stand on when it comes to complaining about scrutiny of his interactions with russia . 
  he put himself in that spot . 
  but there 's nothing clearly objectionable that i see here . 
  fair enough . 
  just want to provide perspective . 
    * member states shall ensure that , when authors and performers transfer or assign the right of making available to the public of their works or other subject-matter for online on-demand services , they retain the right to obtain fair remuneration derived from the direct exploitation of their works present in the catalogue of those services . 
      * the right of an author or performer to obtain fair remuneration for the making available of his/her work as described in paragraph 1 can not be waived . 
    in short , this creates what amounts to a tax on copyright works made available on online streaming services , payable to the collecting societies that administer copyright on behalf of authors and performers ( though the tax itself is separate from the copyright holder 's economic rights ) . 
  the tax can not be waived by the authors or performers themselves , which means that even if they want to make their works available for streaming online for free , the law would tie their hands and prohibit this . 
  okay , i do n't know the history here , and the eff has some very legit lawyers . 
  but , frankly , their summary just looks wrong to me , and i 'm wondering if it 's an activist there going off in error . 
  i do n't see anything here that blocks making content freely-available via streaming services , which is what the article author is claiming . 
  if you want to put up a * gratis * promo or even put up all your work at zero cost , that seems compatible with this . 
  what that legislation * appears * to me to be saying is that if i put up something on a streaming service , as an artist , the service can not have fine print somewhere in a clickthrough agreement saying that they get ownership of it or a perpetual license to it . 
  many companies * do * do this . 
  so , for example , [ reddit 's agreement ] ( https://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement/ ) :  by submitting user content to reddit , you grant us a royalty-free , perpetual , irrevocable , non-exclusive , unrestricted , worldwide license to reproduce , prepare derivative works , distribute copies , perform , or publicly display your user content in any medium and for any purpose , including commercial purposes , and to authorize others to do so . 
  this means that if , for example , reddit chose to block access down the line to particularly interesting bits of material and charge for it , they could do so , and the commenter could not require reddit stop doing sovonce having posted material . 
  deletion of comments is provided at reddit 's discretion , not as a legal requirement . 
  if reddit went to / r/hfy , say , and let a commercial collection of short stories sell [ * prey * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hfy/comments/3yi82b/oc_prey/ ) and [ * prey ii * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hfy/comments/487zzy/prey_ii/ ) , there 's nothing that the author could do about it . 
  my * guess * is that the aim is to protect artists from inadvertently giving up intellectual property via similar clauses without being aware of it . 
  is there reason to believe that the uk is n't looking at it ? 
  that does n't conflict with my points : you still are on the hook for refugee policy doing things that you do n't like . 
  and sure , it 's definitely a factor . 
  but so is the viability of making a refugee status claim -- without some form of conflict , it 'd be impossible to make a legal claim to get in . 
  and people from other places * do * try to get in pretending to be someone from an area classified as being unsafe , because that 's the only real chance at a legal ticket in . 
  you would n't have a ton of people having to verify nationality via an interrogation about the specific area if this had n't been an ongoing problem . 
  is that everyone ? 
  but a remedy of `` never engage in conflicts overseas '' is not an acceptable remedy to that for the us , so if that 's your starting point , the objection goes nowhere . 
  if the us had not acted on isis , then i have very little doubt that as people fled them and claimed unsafe conditions , you 'd be equally upset .
