   for example , when the ecb decided to print billions of euro 's , it did n't cross their thought what this would mean for the swiss franc which was capped to it . 
  while it 's true that there are effects from currency policy that affect switzerland , i do n't feel that it would be reasonable to ask the ez to adopt currency policy specifically taking into account the franc . 
  a country can unilaterally pin a currency to yours . 
  it 's not really practical to constrain your actions in that case . 
  but schengen may only be extended via bilateral agreement . 
  it would be viable to have it take into account how it will affect all members of schengen . 
   the troika cut social and medical budgets , but did not pressure greece to tax their wealthy citizens . 
  why blame them over that ? 
  greece 's elected representatives could have done that . 
  you 're unhappy that the troika did n't force greek legislators to do something that you feel is in the interest of the greek people , so instead of blaming the greek representatives , you blame the troika ? 
  the only thing that germany has n't done is to forgive debt . 
  greeks would be equally justified in sending bombs to sweden and complaining that they had n't paid off german creditors . 
  my understanding was that this is not due to being in efta , but schengen . 
  but that 's not the point : i 'm sure that switzerland presently has no power over schengen-wide law . 
  my point is , regardless of whether this can be done , should it ? 
  is it a good policy to pass at an eu level , when it could be passed at a national level ? 
  afaik , switzerland having firearms has not caused problems for other eu or schengen members this far . 
  given that , is it wise to push this through ? 
  the rationale would need to be that the ep sees harm to other schengen members from swiss gun law . 
  afaik , that has n't been a concern . 
  i do n't think that it 's efta that 's relevant here , but schengen . 
  within schengen , no border checkpoints to search for potentially-illegal guns . 
  realistically , i do think that schengen members should have input on schengen-wide rules . 
  do you feel that it be essential that this be an eu directive rather than national law ? 
  that is , is it necessary to compel countries that otherwise would not accept these restrictions on their territory ? 
   whereas ammunition control is very much effective you restrict access to ammunition , i 'd strongly suspect that the us supreme court would treat it as identical to restricting the bearing of arms and unconstitutional . 
  while i 'm sympathetic to switzerland 's position -- i 'd be up in arms if a similar law were passed in the us -- i also gave a hard time imagining an exception . 
  if carve-outs do n't ruin the directive , do n't permit for too much movement of guns , then the directive should never have been passed in the first place , since individual countries could as easily have passed their own restrictions , if an identical policy were n't essential . 
   hungary 's right-wing populist prime minister viktor orban called on european nationalist leaders on wednesday to revolt `` only by working together across national lines in europe can we resist the threat of working together across national lines in europe !, 
   publications like this just ostracise those people and push them further away . 
  it was n't * criticizing * them . 
  it was breaking down voting demographics . 
  i 'm sure that you can also get male-female , income , age , and so forth . 
  `` that was n't * real * fascism ! '', 
  would you believe a us president would tweet like trump , or that the russian embassy in london would tweet the way it does ? 
  to be frank , selling their personal jewelry would n't have meaningfully addressed the social issues in russia at the time ( though it might have been an interesting political move ... ) . 
  and i doubt that even if they had the inclination , that they 'd have been the most-effective people to produce reforms . 
  also , people tend to look at the uk as a positive sort of reformed monarchy , and the monarchy there is quite wealthy . 
  i 'm not sure that wealth would have been the critical factor in a successful modernization under the tsars . 
  i doubt that people immigrating to the eu generally hate western culture . 
  the [ lump of labor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy ) fallacy is a common one . 
   a year or two i 'd be less-interested in how long a recession is than in how deep the overall drop is . 
  recession just requires sustained decline . 
  a shallow-but-long recession could easily be a less-significant issue than a short-but-deep recession . 
  too bad they are n't like us enlightened , who post our comments on the article in the rarified atmosphere of reddit . 
   that does n't make him not turkish . 
  i suspect that there is little overlap between the two groups : * britons who voted to limit movement of people from the mainland to the uk by taking the uk out of the eu . 
  * britons who plan to dodge being taken out of the eu by moving to another country . 
   chancellor angela merkel and four of her ministers are discussing the government 's demography strategy at a summit in berlin . 
  their record so far ? 
  below average , says expert james vaupel . 
  minister of defense [ ursula von der leyen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ursula_von_der_leyen ) on the other hand , has a well above average record . 
  ;-)  if you could change policies in germany , what would you change first ? 
    the pension system . 
  the age of retirement . 
  yes , it 's true that taking the elderly out of retirement and putting them to work would reduce the pension burden . 
  however , it 's worth asking how much of a match their skillset is to what 's in demand at the moment . 
  okay , yeah , maybe some 70-year-old-guy would make a good manager -- lotsa human experience , sure . 
  but will their other job skills be an effective fit ? 
  here 's a list of [ jobs most in demand in germany ] ( http://www.immigrantspirit.com/work-in-germany-top-occupations/ ) . 
  nursing work may be physically-demanding ( and * part of the reason * for it being in demand is probably because of an aging population ) . 
  there 's a lot of engineering work , but i do n't know how-easily you can fling people into these slots . 
  if there were someone seriously promoting that as a competing alternative , it could certainly go on the list of options . 
  would require heavier taxes to be passed as well , mind ... 
  it was the year of the donald ts . 
  build atlantropa , use pumped hydro storage with the mediterranean as a energy well . 
  pretty sure that you are n't gon na run out of storage capacity . 
  would make it a lot more economically-viable to ship things around europe , i suppose . 
  you know what they say -- the finest form of leadership is leadership by example . 
  it was on the [ wikipedia page until just now , and was removed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=list_of_twin_towns_and_sister_cities_in_turkey&amp;diff=770444317&amp;oldid=767973761 ) . 
  the lion of ankara shall spare no effort to save oppressed turkey from the ravages of the legions of nazis that menace her !, 
  be it threatening to cancel an order for 40 cows , sending the minister of families for a photo op , or decisively terminating a sister city pact , whatever the cost , it shall be done !, 
  well , you ca n't say that the problem is being ignored ... 
  those two things are n't mutually-exclusive . 
  the present population of europe is having children at a sub-replacement rate . 
  as far as i know , there 's no reason to believe that this will change in the immediate future . 
  i think that the unsaid subtext behind a lot of `` we need to subsidize manufacturing '' is the idea that it should be low-skill manufacturing , the assembly-line-worker stuff that existed in the past , and thus a transfer of money to low-skill workers . 
  well ... this applies to petrol motors as well . 
   * `` we would hope [ russia ] would respect our criminal justice system and respect these charges , '' said acting att gen mccord , acknowledging the fact that the us does not have an extradition treaty with russia . 
  no , but their travel options outside russia will be limited . 
  the protest vote is strong with this one . 
   probably after the referendum he will have some or he 'll stop after the referendum , a month from now , because he wo n't need the whole `` saving turkey from horrible outside oppression '' schtick to get his vote through and nobody will care about march-april 2017 . 
  i guess aquaman pretty much has to be the netherlands . 
  edit : well ... but uk ... 
  presumably this stuff only runs for another four weeks until erdogan gets his `` make me a dictator '' referendum out of the way . 
  honestly , it 'd take a lot longer than four weeks just to move an airline . 
  besides , it only helps him if he can present turkey as being attacked . 
   `` in future we do not want animal products from holland . 
  the first batch of holsteins have been loaded and we will send them back , '' he added . 
    he said turkey should start focusing on breeding its own cattle . 
  `` we have our own quality breeds , '' he said . 
  see , even people in countries on the other side of the atlantic do n't know the difference between holland and the netherlands !, 
  also ... for i moment i did a double-take ... because in the us , at least , `` holstein cattle '' are the norm for being * dairy cattle * -- the image of them is almost synonymous with milk , what you put on milk jugs , etc -- but this guy is talking about them being meat :  bulent tunc , the head of the turkish association of red meat producers , told turkish media that a symbolic consignment of 40 holstein friesian cattle was already being sent back to the netherlands ... `` if they do n't accept them back then we will distribute the cuts '' after slaughter , he added . 
  according to wikipedia , some breeds derived from holsteins are also eaten in europe :  holstein friesians ( often shortened to holsteins in north america , while the term frisians is often used in europe ) are a breed of dairy cattle originating from the dutch provinces of north holland and friesland , and what is now schleswig-holstein in northern germany and jutland . 
  they are known as the world 's highest-production dairy animals . 
  -  in europe , the breed is used for milk in the north , and meat in the south . 
  since 1945 , european national development has led to cattle breeding and dairy products becoming increasingly regionalized . 
  more than 80 % of dairy production is north of a line joining bordeaux and venice , which also has more than 60 % of the total cattle . 
  this change led to the need for specialized animals for dairy ( and beef ) production . 
  until this time , milk and beef had been produced from dual-purpose animals .
