  one has equipment capable of operating well in a desert . 
  one has equipment capable of operating well in the arctic . 
  one has veteran soldiers . 
  one could mobilize many people from its population if need be . 
  one has already given much of its population some degree of training and could activate as a militia within a day or so . 
  one has equipment capable of dealing with attacks from modern chemical weaponry . 
  one has alliances that would permit it to rapidly cut off the vital transit of country x. 
  and it 's certainly valid to highlight that . 
  but i do n't think that it 's reasonable to treat this one as being poor because it ( necessarily ) simplifies the question of `` which military is stronger '' . 
   fuck , i knew they were loads of islamic nutters out there but this looks pretty terrible indeed it 's a meaningless statistic without knowing what criteria were used to consider someone a jihadist . 
  http://www.gloriasportsarena.com.tr/mainpage i guess this is your glorious opportunity to domain-squat gloriasportsstadium.com.tr and the like to extort money from the poor guys . 
  maybe turkey will have some sort of resolution process . 
  well , it does n't have to be the whole of australia 's interior . 
  but california turned arid and semi-arid land profitable via long-range irrigation from temperate rain forest , and there * is * currently unused water in australia . 
  the number of people should n't matter so much as the return from the land and how much land could be made useful for agriculture . 
   the eu 's relationship with the uk will resemble its relationship with the usa or canada . 
  to be fair , we still do n't have an eu-us fta , and canada barely got one . 
   you 've left out the bit where your leader clearly thinks being gay is an affront to his christian god . 
  why would anyone care ? 
  the article is measuring standard of living , not international economic power , so it should probably ppp-adjust numbers . 
   france , when emmanuel macron , a liberal-minded ( by local standards ) :-) * the economist * just could n't resist the qualifier . 
   much more traditional ally than the likes of germany , the occupier and destroyer of greece that til this day share the lion 's burden of keeping greece in desperate poverty . 
  the eu could have done a better job verifying greece 's finances , but making sure that funds are wisely spent is ultimately the responsibility of the state , not the lender . 
  if greece borrowed from some other lender , it 'd still be as vulnerable to misuse of those funds . 
  the eu simply provided below-market rates , a plus for greece . 
   greece now betrays russia by voting for sanctions on russia , solely to please the geopolitical masterminds in the pentagon who wants to break up the russian federation , * last i looked , barrosso was negotiating the eu-ukraine trade deal that putin whacked , resulting in euromaidan , not the pentagon . 
  * crimean sanctions are only `` breaking up the russian federation '' if one considers crimea to be part of russia rather than ukraine . 
   the international league against racism and antisemitism said `` rosa parks would be turning in her grave , '' a reference to the american civil rights icon . 
  when black people in france are required to give up public transport seats to white people , you get to use rosa parks . 
  until then , no . 
  i think that the eu would be better-off establishing a common foreign policy first , since that 's a major input into military acquisitions , but ... 
  how many people did the fbi warn mi5 about ? 
  because if it was 100k , the uk ca n't arrest all of 'em . 
  also , if you want to jail someone , you got ta have a case . 
  ca n't do it on classified data . 
  otherwise you detain him and if you do n't find anything , he walks * and * you give away the fact that you knew about him . 
  this is how blood feuds start . 
  side a does something to side b that side b feels is unjust . 
  side b dies something to side a in response . 
  side a does n't believe that this was justified and does something back to side b. repeat * ad infinitum * . 
  hence , the shift to a legal system to resolve these . 
  we agree ( more or less ) to abide by the ruling of the legal system . 
  yes , worked for people applying for refugee status . 
  we have a multi-year backlog , and we choose the rate at which we review applications . 
  so , you go to the us for refugee status , apply from abroad , and you do n't get to come to the us . 
  enter the us illegally and apply for asylum , and you do n't get the right to work or benefits in the meantime . 
  you can apply for a work permit , but that 's a minimum of a year-long wait , and i 'm not sure how many get it . 
  the people we have coming in are those who enter and work illegally ... and unlike those applying for asylum or refugee status , they are not eligible for benefits . 
  their children may become citizens , but they likely wo n't . 
  in the eu , on the other hand , prompt processing means that you can get benefits and start working . 
  of course , this opens the eu to risk that people will be a net drain on resources ... 
  the slow was the result of the economic slowdown . 
  it is not `` the erosion ofwelfare state '' -- brookings is a center-left political think tank . 
  illegal immigrants do n't receive welfare . 
   well , the oligarchs and lobbyist that control the american government do n't mind , me either . 
  or the economic planners in the bureaucracy . 
   they now have scapegoat for why americans ca n't find jobs [ the eu presently has an unemployment rate of 8 % . ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/european-union/unemployment-rate ) . 
  the us [ presently has an unemployment rate of 4.4 % ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/unemployment-rate ) . 
  this is approximately full employment level for the us . 
  i think that we 're okay on unemployment . 
   we 're talking about farming here , they wo n't go anywhere else - that 's kinda the point . 
  sure they will . 
  if they ca n't produce competitively , they 'll go out of business and some other country will sell produce instead . 
   i think that , given my previous points on the milton friedmann video the us of the early 21st century would be even better of transforming a whole lot of those illegal immigrants and especially those working on farms into some sort of legal status . 
  i disagree . 
  i think that friedman 's correct -- it would be quite disadvantageous for the us to extend legal status . 
  their children will get legal status , though , go through the educational system here , and make more money . 
   the thing is , the f-35 can still carry drop tanks , if it does n't need stealth with the israeli modifications , potentially , but i do n't believe that they 're available now . 
  also , just to reiterate : the f-35b is the one in question with the uk . 
  i suspect that the israeli tanks would not be usable . 
  even if the fuel tanks they add do n't cause physical conflict with the 35b 's lift fans , the 35b is weight-constrained , as it 's got ta be able to take off vertically . 
  i dunno how much payload it can spare for more fuel . 
  edit : to be clear , i should have said conformal israeli conformal tanks . 
  i do n't think that they 're drop tanks . 
  you have a preferred ranking ? 
  i do n't think that a misunderstanding resulting in the civilian shooting back is a major risk . 
  drones may lower the bar for this . 
  well ... technically `` yank '' refers to people from the northeast , so we sorta do it . 
  and i occasionally see people using `` english '' to refer to the uk . 
  and nobody bothers with the `` and herzegovina '' bit . 
  why , you 're making the `` they 're too vulnerable to anti-ship missiles '' argument ? 
  i vaguely recall reading that initially they 'll be operating with fewer . 
  could be budget ... 
  yeah , but in all fairness , if you 're using f-35s , a major benefit is the stealthiness , and so you do n't want to have drop tanks . 
  the rafale is n't stealthy , so carrying external tanks only has a performance drawback , not loss-of-stealth issues . 
  that is , it 's a more-reasonable choice for the rafale to use external tanks . 
  i do n't think that it 's unreasonable to give the rafale the win on range . 
  there 's no need to `` compare them on even footing '' by stripping the rafale of external tanks . 
  finally , note that apparently israel is planning to put external tanks on the f-35 . 
  i assume that they use the f-35a , as they 've no carriers , and i 'm not sure whether their solution would work on the f-35b that the uk will have on their carriers . 
  well . . austria apparently did have one :  naval squadron ( 1958 -- 2006 )   in 1958 the patrol boat rpc oberst brecht was commissioned as a naval squadron of the army to patrol the danube in protection of the country 's neutrality . 
  the larger vessel rpb nieder\u00f6sterreich was also commissioned 12 years later . 
  the squadron comprised two officers and thirty men . 
  the company which built the vessels closed in 1994 . 
  with the fall of communism and the inability to maintain and repair the vessels , the squadron was disbanded in 2006 . 
  [ 12 ] both vessels were donated to the museum of military history , vienna after their decommissioning , and can be toured by museum guests . 
  it 's an option . 
  we 've used it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuban_refugees_at_the_guantanamo_bay_naval_base https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haitian_refugees_held_at_the_guantanamo_bay_naval_base i think that if you can profitably incorporate them into society , you 're probably better off doing so , though . 
   infest mediterranean with white sharks and deal with the drowning refugees as their boat has already sunk ?
