  like , a regional power ? 
  not a superpower anymore post-british-empire breakup , but if you 're going to have a `` great power '' category , the uk fits into it as well as any country really can . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_power  of the five original great powers recognized at the congress of vienna , only france and the united kingdom have maintained that status continuously to the present day , although france was defeated in the franco-prussian war and occupied during world war ii . 
  looking at the top five countries by gdp : * united states . 
  still a [ superpower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superpower ) . 
  ticks all the checkboxes . 
  * the eu could be in position # 2 , if it decided to be a country , and could be a superpower if it wanted to be . 
  i still see plenty of opposition on this forum to doing this from people who like having their * own * country instead of `` united states of europe '' or `` european federation '' or whatever you 'd call it . 
  * china . 
  limited power projection capabilities , but a substantial economy . 
  in most contexts , militarily powerful . 
  oh , yeah , and a nuclear power , though with a fairly-limited ability to attack countries globally ( i.e. 
  most of china 's ability to use nuclear weapons is regional ) . 
  definitely a great power and often considered most-likely-contender to be another superpower . 
  * japan . 
  maybe japan * should * be considered a great power . 
  if japan does n't make the cut , i suspect that it 's due to the trajectory that she faces due to an aging population and perhaps due to some postwar limitations on her military . 
  not a nuclear power , and limited international involvement . 
  * germany . 
  germany 's certainly got the economy , but has stunted her military capabilities relative to that economy ( and like japan an aging population expected to shrink , though unlike japan , germany might manage to offset some of this via immigration ... we shall see ) . 
  also , not a nuclear power . 
  less internationally-involved than , say , france . 
  wikipedia says that some sources do consider germany a great power . 
  if she 's not , i 'd say that it 's primarily her own choice to limit her military capability , not lack of potential , that renders germany not a great power . 
  * the uk . 
  potent power projection , large economy , nuclear power , international involvement , stable population , global second-strike nuclear capability . 
  * france . 
  the uk 's mirror image in many regards . 
  projected to have a larger population than germany a few years down the road , international involvement , global second-strike nuclear capability . 
  * india . 
  in the eyes of some , should be considered a great power , though still economically-weaker than the other traditional great powers . 
  limited power projection , and a military equipped with outdated hardware . 
  nuclear weapons , but as-of-yet no second strike capability , and no ability to use those weapons against some countries . 
  russia is the only country normally considered a great power that is n't in this list of top economies ; russia 's economy has taken a whacking in the last couple of years . 
  in some regards , like the size of her nuclear arsenal , certain areas of military technology , and scale of potential global second-strike nuclear capability , she 's the only country comparable with the us . 
  the uk is n't the british empire , is n't a superpower . 
  but a great power ? 
  if not , it 's hard to imagine many countries that would qualify . 
  are national governments supposed to implement `` the schizophrenic desires of voters who want simple or inhumane solutions '' ? 
   look at it this way , may had an overall majority when she took over as leader . 
  she gambled that in order to strengthen her position , but she lost . 
  now she runs a minority government that 's beset by infighting and disagreement . 
  i agree that she made a poor political gamble ( though i think that public perception of infighting and disagreement has more to do with the way media portrays the government ... i think that it 's difficult to get an objective sense of the level of disagreements until afterwards , once historians have had an access to all the sources ) . 
  but were i a briton , i do n't see how any of this could reasonably really affect my position on whether brexit is a good idea . 
   what do you think `` regain control over borders '' means ? 
  it 's not a 20-30 year timeline ; it 's intended to happen quickly . 
  the brexit voters driven by issues of immigration and border control are not looking even 10 years down the road - they want immigration reduced as soon as possible . 
  quite possibly they would prefer immigration to stop immediately . 
  but i do n't agree that that 's because they 're operating purely on a three-to-five-year-window . 
  if that claim is correct , then voters * should * favor a five-year moratorium on immigration over permanent restrictions on immigration starting in five years . 
  and i am quite confident that there are very few people in the uk opposed to immigration who would favor the former over the latter . 
   because the eu is too big to allow populism to tie up an already slow beurocracy . 
  you may feel that the different structure of the eu is justified due to scale . 
  hell , maybe it 's even a * better * structure at a national level if you 're unhappy with the electorate having too high a high level of involvement with legislating . 
  but then your argument is no longer the `` it 's the same as the uk '' argument that you were using , but instead `` i 'd rather have less direct influence of voters on legislation '' . 
  contrary to the way * dirty harry * might present things , appeals do n't exist to provide `` activist lawyers '' with a lottery ticket at changing outcome : we would n't have built them into the system if that were the case . 
  they exist because when someone makes a ruling -- even if it 's an immigration judge examining a presented case , rather than your own first impression of a gaytimes.co.uk story -- it 's possible that they 've made a mistake or missed something critical . 
  because of the seriousness of a ruling on immigration , people are offered a chance to correct that issue . 
  my point is not that setting a high bar was a bad idea , but that the time to raise this as an issue is before the referendum , not after . 
  why does the eu require greater isolation than national governments , though ? 
  surely they 'd share any such problems . 
   that 's how the uk system works too i do n't believe that that 's correct . 
  mps are elected and can propose legislation , yes ? 
   in the three to five year period , which is what matters to most people , they are crucially important . 
  i have a hard time believing that most britons selected a brexit position primarily based on a three to five year timeline . 
  i 'd think that doing that would be crazy , but above-and-beyond that , i saw no arguments when people were interviewed based on the short term , either leave or remain . 
  some leave people said that they would n't mind short-term economic disruption , in fact . 
  lord kerr personally very probably did not want brexit . 
  have you read article 50 's text ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  it clearly can only be initiated by the member . 
   * any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) [ 5 ] of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council [ of the european union ] , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
    * the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
    * a qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with article 238 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  if a state which has withdrawn from the union asks to rejoin , its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in article 49 . 
  yes . 
  but i agree with people saying that you can not shift the goalposts after the fact . 
  there are many objections i have to the referendum but complaining * after * the vote that it was a simple majority is unreasonable . 
  if there was one thing that was clear about the referendum , it was the conditions for one side to win the referendum . 
  if remain had won , cameron would not have tempered his actions with a `` it 's only a narrow majority '' argument . 
  well , that 's the most sensible response i 've heard for leave , i think . 
   this is n't because brexit is necessarily a bad outcome for the uk , but because the current government does not inspire any faith . 
  i do n't get this . 
  uk membership in the eu is a long-term decision . 
  like , maybe hundreds of years . 
  the current government is there for five years until the next general election . 
  what 's the worst that they can do , negotiate a horrible deal ? 
  then the next government can renegotiate . 
  further , the bureaucracy stays intact from administration to administration . 
  may was never going to personally design the brexit plan -- she might administer people who did . 
  i do n't see how the current government would greatly change anyone 's mind on brexit . 
  i mean , they just are n't very important on how the bulk of the aftermath of brexit goes . 
  i could see someone convinced that brexit is a good or bad idea , but not because of what the current administration is . 
   everyone wants brexit to stop the last polls i 've seen show roughly similar opinions for leave and remain as at the time of the referendum -- slight favor to leave . 
  it 's definitely not that overwhelming support has moved to remain .
