  if you want an example of such a failure , consider the late roman empire , where control basically passed to whoever could manage to buy off the military . 
  the will of the legislators and the public became more-or-less irrelevant . 
  as [ emperor septimus severus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/septimius_severus ) put it :  he is famously said to have given the advice to his sons : `` be harmonious , enrich the soldiers , and scorn all other men '' before he died at eboracum ( york ) on 4 february 211 . 
  bombs are substantially better for mass murder than guns , and very hard to ban . 
   i kind of understand it in the us . 
  their population is so heavily armed that banning guns without doing a nightmarishly difficult and unpopular seizure operation throughout the entire country wo n't change all that much , and they consider it important for their self defence , the second amendment was n't passed in the us to guarantee for self defense or for hunting . 
  here 's a famous document on the rationale written by james madison , the author of the us constitution and the fourth us president : [ federalist paper number 46 ] ( http://www.constitution.org/fed/federa46.htm ) :  the only refuge left for those who prophesy the downfall of the state governments is the visionary supposition that the federal government may previously accumulate a military force for the projects of ambition . 
  the reasonings contained in these papers must have been employed to little purpose indeed , if it could be necessary now to disprove the reality of this danger . 
  that the people and the states should , for a sufficient period of time , elect an uninterupted succession of men ready to betray both ; that the traitors should , throughout this period , uniformly and systematically pursue some fixed plan for the extension of the military establishment ; that the governments and the people of the states should silently and patiently behold the gathering storm , and continue to supply the materials , until it should be prepared to burst on their own heads , must appear to every one more like the incoherent dreams of a delirious jealousy , or the misjudged exaggerations of a counterfeit zeal , than like the sober apprehensions of genuine patriotism . 
  extravagant as the supposition is , let it however be made . 
  let a regular army , fully equal to the resources of the country , be formed ; and let it be entirely at the devotion of the federal government ; still it would not be going too far to say , that the state governments , with the people on their side , would be able to repel the danger . 
  the highest number to which , according to the best computation , a standing army can be carried in any country , does not exceed one hundredth part of the whole number of souls ; or one twenty-fifth part of the number able to bear arms . 
  this proportion would not yield , in the united states , an army of more than twenty-five or thirty thousand men . 
  to these would be opposed a militia amounting to near half a million of citizens with arms in their hands , officered by men chosen from among themselves , fighting for their common liberties , and united and conducted by governments possessing their affections and confidence . 
  it may well be doubted , whether a militia thus circumstanced could ever be conquered by such a proportion of regular troops . 
  those who are best acquainted with the last successful resistance of this country against the british arms , will be most inclined to deny the possibility of it . 
  besides the advantage of being armed , which the americans possess over the people of almost every other nation , the existence of subordinate governments , to which the people are attached , and by which the militia officers are appointed , forms a barrier against the enterprises of ambition , more insurmountable than any which a simple government of any form can admit of . 
  notwithstanding the military establishments in the several kingdoms of europe , which are carried as far as the public resources will bear , the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms . 
  and it is not certain , that with this aid alone they would not be able to shake off their yokes . 
  but were the people to possess the additional advantages of local governments chosen by themselves , who could collect the national will and direct the national force , and of officers appointed out of the militia , by these governments , and attached both to them and to the militia , it may be affirmed with the greatest assurance , that the throne of every tyranny in europe would be speedily overturned in spite of the legions which surround it . 
  let us not insult the free and gallant citizens of america with the suspicion , that they would be less able to defend the rights of which they would be in actual possession , than the debased subjects of arbitrary power would be to rescue theirs from the hands of their oppressors . 
  let us rather no longer insult them with the supposition that they can ever reduce themselves to the necessity of making the experiment , by a blind and tame submission to the long train of insidious measures which must precede and produce it . 
    the argument under the present head may be put into a very concise form , which appears altogether conclusive . 
  either the mode in which the federal government is to be constructed will render it sufficiently dependent on the people , or it will not . 
  on the first supposition , it will be restrained by that dependence from forming schemes obnoxious to their constituents . 
  on the other supposition , it will not possess the confidence of the people , and its schemes of usurpation will be easily defeated by the state governments , who will be supported by the people . 
  wait ... the eu is banning * all semi-auto firearms * ? 
  i had n't realized that it was nearly this extensive a ban . 
  come on , let 's not be disingenuous . 
  whether it 's a good idea or not , the proposal is clearly to use some criteria that will accept a higher false positive rate in rejecting people who get entry to france in order to lower the rate of violence . 
  is there a pro-gun europhillic option ? 
  i do n't know all the background , and i suspect that politics is the main drive , but an [ original intent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/original_intent ) - based interpretation might get you there . 
  i dunno , it 's not really an interpretation that i can see as a valid one either . 
  your country will also have a bureaucracy , and it wo n't be elected . 
  bureaucracies are the non-elected portion of the government . 
  the point of having an investigation process is that you do n't just mark someone as a lawbreaker , but have to actually look into it . 
  it 's not equivalent to guilt . 
   it is more politically divided than at any point in its history other than the civil war i disagree . 
  i 'd say that , for example , vietnam was a point of far greater division . 
  what 's your reasoning behind claiming this ? 
  hell , the national-level aclu explicitly took this stance on their website , even post - * heller * . 
  it 's a massive turnoff when the organization * mostly * otherwise is a strong advocate for civil liberties . 
  perhaps if democrats had n't done this in the past and if they would explicitly distance themselves from attempts to push anti-gun law , it would n't be a point of political vulnerability . 
  hell , i 'm proud to live in a country where people will severely punish politicians for starting to infringe on constitutional rights . 
   but if you paid attention to how these peoples ' lives have changed in the last few decades , you 'd know that even though they might be in `` comfortable western society '' ( whatever that means ) , their own situation has gotten worse . 
  not on anything like the scale of support that trump got . 
  wyoming had the highest level of trump support and it has n't seen industrial decline . 
  are you sure that you are n't just pissed off at muslims and venting ? 
  that 's not the point . 
  erdogan wants a turkey-someone else dispute so that he can ram through his referendum . 
  if erdogan loses this referendum , i imagine that his days are numbered . 
  if you want to make the guy doing this to you unhappy , do n't give him the conflict that he 's seeking . 
  i think what erdogan cares about is not so much the world and more the turkish public in the short term . 
  in the us , people typically credit or blame the president for the state of the economy , though he 'll have little to do with it . 
  [ we 've had much-larger and more-damaging race riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_riots#united_states ) . 
  they were not a sign of loyalty-across-an-ethnic-group to some other country . 
  the objection to and appeasement of hitler was n't over him being a dictator , but over him annexing chunks of other countries . 
  this list looks whack . 
  so , it says `` large cities '' . 
  take , say , bradford , uk : population of 528,155 , 32.4 % muslim . 
  but tirana , albania is a larger city at a population of 811,649 , and it 's 65 % muslim . 
  but it 's not on the list . 
  at some point , that bubble is gon na pop , and you wo n't want to be on it when it does . 
  fair enough . 
  i mean , the link is titled `` europe '' , and there 's no `` europe '' set , so one assumes that it refers to the image as a whole ... 
   the best way of defeating wilders would be giving him the responsibility to lead the country , damhuis thinks . 
  `` he has made many promises that are impossible ... mmmhmmm . 
  well , kim jong-un is every year . 
  also , you really should include duterte . 
  there are multiple russian warm water ports in the black sea , including in actual russia , not crimea . 
  well , if canada and us are in europe , might as well add another circle for eurovision and get australia too . 
  i generally do n't care about internal news to china or india , which is all you 'd see if it were just raw number of interested viewers . 
  you 're unlikely to get sanctions . 
  you 're in a customs union with the rest of the eu , and even if erdogan was actually upset and not doing this for turkish politics , it would be stupid to sanction the eu . 
  if you subsidize one domestic industry by $ n in the form of protectionism , you weaken other industries by that much as well . 
  block import of chinese steel , for example , and now your auto makers are competing at a disadvantage . 
   who would do this and why ? 
  people who are interested in trying to introduce political divisions between poland and ukraine . 
  i * think * that there were some real concerns here , but that * the guardian * simplified the article a bit too much to get what the concerns are . 
  some points : * people generally consider computer systems to be free from bias . 
  so , for example , you might need to create a law to deal with firing bias -- but if a * computer * were choosing who and when to fire , no such restriction would be necessary . 
  however , the point of ai is that you do n't need to * program * it -- it can learn . 
  and it has to learn from something , and that something could be something with bias , like past decisions . 
  * training on historical data is common can insert potential bias due to insufficient data being present . 
  for example , let 's say that i live in a society in which it is illegal to teach slaves to read , as was the case in at least some historic american states . 
  you end slavery . 
  you then have a computer program judging who of the available students should receive the time of the teachers that you have . 
  if your computer program looks at who was able to become literate in the past , it will simply learn that black people are n't able to become literate , or are very unlikely to do so . 
  that can occur even if you exclude `` is black '' as an input to the system , since things that are * correlated * with being black will be used to infer that someone can not be literate , like `` people born in this state who are this tall and like this sport but do not engage in this recreational activity tend to not be able to be literate '' . 
  * while i 'm sure that we 'll get better at it , it 's typically not easy to figure out * why * our limited ais make the decisions that they did . 
  they are n't smart enough to have a deep understanding of and analyze their own motivations and express them in a form meaningful to the typical human , even though the typical human could train them . 
  so , basically , an ai may not have * intentional bias * , the sort of thing that we might think of a human engaging in . 
  but it is easy to introduce biases , and not necessarily easy to identify them . 
  as concerns with ai go , this is n't really one of the really fundamental ones . 
  but it 's one that applies to the sort of crude not-human-level `` ai '' systems that we have today -- it 's not `` a problem that will come up in thirty years '' . 
  in the `` it 's not real communism '' defense , no country run by a communist party that i 'm aware of claimed to have actually achieved communism , which would entail the elimination of money and other pretty drastic things . 
  rather , they stated that they 'd achieved socialism * as a step towards reaching communism * . 
  socialism just required that the means of production were taken from private hands and moved to the public . 
  china claimed to have `` socialism with chinese characteristics '' . 
  the ussr was the `` union of soviet socialist republics '' .
