  it fought very poorly when in canada and was generally not willing to fight there , but generally did much better when defending against british attacks into the us . 
  * the finns did n't have much money or hardware , but the one area that they 'd made a major bet , ahead of pretty much everyone else , was on the submachine gun . 
  that turned out to be a fantastically-successful tool that worked very well with surprise attacks against supply lines . 
  * one other thing that the finns had put money into were concealed bunkers in karelia . 
  these were often just wood and earth , but were able to mitigate the effects of artillery , where the ussr had overwhelming superiority . 
  * people were still working out tank doctrine . 
  i 'm not sure whether the purges were responsible , but soviet infantry and armor were more-or-less uncoordinated and not operating with each other in karelia , where you had open terrain and tanks would have made the biggest difference . 
  infantry without tanks is vulnerable to being shot from concealed bunkers , and tanks without infantry are vulnerable to being overrun by people hiding . 
  * the soviets had air superiority , but i suspect that like many other countries ( including , i might add , germany , the us , and the uk ) , they overestimated the effect of bombing cities on wiping out civilian morale . 
  even the far , far larger combined us-uk bombing effort against germany was not effective at breaking support for the war . 
  * finland was politically-divided , and the soviet union expected that the public would not put up a united front against invasion . 
  this was not correct : invasion tended to make the finns ignore their differences and glom together . 
  * it 's hard to say whether things would have worked out better without the purges , but the ussr dramatically underestimated the logistical difficulties in lapland , up in northern finland , where the finns won their most lopsided victories . 
  again , the major problems here were logistical , with forces grinding to a halt and then freezing to death and running out of food due to lack of fuel . 
  the finns were cutting and interfering with supply lines by use of skis , not fighting most soldiers man-by-man . 
  * the molotov cocktail was not invented by the finns ( the name was , yes ) , but they made heavy use of it , and it turned out to be unexpectedly effective against tanks of the time . 
  i 'm gon na go with `` there were a number of hands involved '' . 
  japan was also starving at that point , due to submarine commerce raiding , and that was probably a larger factor than the bombings . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuation_war  relations between finland and the united states were more complex ; the american public was sympathetic to the `` brave little democracy '' , and there were anti-communist feelings . 
  at first , the united states empathised with the finnish cause ; however , the situation became problematic after finnish troops crossed the 1939 border . 
  [ 91 ] finnish and german troops were a threat to the murmansk railway and northern communication supply line between the western allies and the soviet union . 
  [ 92 ] on 25 october 1941 , the united states demanded that finland cease all hostilities against the soviet union and withdraw behind the 1939 border . 
  in public , president ryti rejected the demands , but in private he wrote to mannerheim on 5 november , asking him to halt the offensive . 
  mannerheim agreed and secretly instructed general hjalmar siilasvuo to break off the assault against the murmansk railway . 
  [ 89 ] the us did n't object to finland retaking its territory that had been seized in the winter war , but did care a lot about its supply lines to the ussr being cut . 
  that 's not what my dictionary says . 
  well ... there is n't a fixed number of available slots . 
  there are a fixed number of available slots at a given wage level . 
  so you * could * always employ everyone , as long as they were willing to work for little enough , and in that sense , i suppose that there are normally more job openings than workers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isar  the quality of the water has also improved due to the upgrading of the sewage plants along the river . 
  the number of germs , however , is still relatively high . 
  together with other cities and communities along the isar , munich has set a goal to reduce the number of germs until the water quality is good enough to allow bathing in the river . 
  if this is achieved , munich would be one of the few big cities in europe with a river with water of good enough quality to allow swimming in it . 
  the sewer plants on the upper river are now treating the sewage with ultraviolet light , which greatly reduces the number of germs , but still the isar can not be guaranteed safe to bathe in because of the entrance of polluted rainwater into the river , especially during strong precipitation . 
  hmm . 
   this image was taken by the moscow canal when nikolai yezhov ( right ) was water commissar . 
  after he fell from power , he was arrested , shot , and had his image removed by the censors . 
  that seemed like an odd position to be so controversial . 
  looking at wikipedia , turns out that it was a dumping ground for him on the way down to get him out of the security apparatus . 
  looks like it was quite an epic chain of falls from grace . 
  begin with [ genrikh yagoda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genrikh_yagoda ) :  in 10 july 1934 , two months after menzhinsky 's death , joseph stalin appointed yagoda people 's commissar for internal affairs , a position that included the oversight of both the regular and the secret police , the nkvd . 
  yagoda worked closely with andrei vyshinsky in organizing the first moscow show trial , which resulted in the prosecution and subsequent execution of former soviet politicians grigory zinoviev and lev kamenev in august 1936 as part of stalin 's great purge . 
  the red army high command was not spared and its ranks were thinned by yagoda , as a precursor to the later and more extensive purge in the russian military . 
  so yagoda 's involved in wiping out stalin 's competitors . 
  then stalin has [ yezhov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikolai_yezhov ) kill yagoda and take his place :  he became people 's commissar for internal affairs ( head of the nkvd ) and a member of the central committee on september 26 , 1936 , following the dismissal of genrikh yagoda . 
  this appointment did not at first seem to suggest an intensification of the purge : `` unlike yagoda , yezhov did not come out of the ` organs , ' which was considered an advantage . 
  '' [ 12 ] yagoda became a target because he had been too slow to eliminate the old bolsheviks in the purges ordered by stalin . 
  destruction of the old bolshevik cadres as well as yagoda himself -- all potential or imagined enemies of stalin -- was not a problem for yezhov . 
  as a devout stalinist and not a member of the organs of state security , yezhov was just the man stalin needed to intensify the purge and rid the government of potential opponents . 
  [ 13 ] yezhov 's first task from stalin was to personally investigate and conduct the prosecution of his long-time chekist mentor yagoda , which he did with remorseless zeal . 
  ordered by stalin to create a suitably grandiose plot for yagoda 's show trial , yezhov ordered the nkvd to sprinkle mercury on the curtains of his office so that the physical evidence could be collected and used to support the charge that yagoda was a german spy , sent to assassinate yezhov and stalin with poison and restore capitalism . 
  [ 14 ] it 's also claimed that he personally tortured both yagoda and marshal mikhail tukhachevsky to extract their confessions . 
  [ 15 ]   yagoda was but the first of many to die by yezhov 's orders . 
  under yezhov , the great purge reached its height during 1937 -- 1938 . 
  50 -- 75 % of the members of the supreme soviet and officers of the soviet military were stripped of their positions and imprisoned , exiled to the gulag 's camps in siberia or executed . 
  then yezhov was a liability :  yezhov was appointed people 's commissar for water transport on april 6 , 1938 . 
  though he retained his other posts , his role as grand inquisitor and extractor of confessions gradually diminished as stalin retreated from the worst excesses of the great purge . 
     by saddling him with the extra job , stalin killed two birds with one stone : yezhov could correct the water transportation situation with tough chekist methods , and his transfer to the terra incognita of economic tasks would leave him less time for the nkvd and weaken his position there , thus creating the possibility that in due course he could be removed from the leadership of the punitive apparatus and replaced by fresh people . 
  -  on february 4 , he was shot by the future kgb chairman ivan serov ( or by blokhin , in the presence of n. p. afanasev , according to one book source [ citation needed ] ) in the basement of a small nkvd station on varsonofevskii lane ( varsonofyevskiy pereulok ) in moscow . 
  the basement had a sloping floor , which was for hosing and had been built according to yezhov 's own specifications near the lubyanka . 
  the main nkvd execution chamber in the basement of the lubyanka was deliberately avoided to ensure total secrecy . 
  he was replaced by [ beria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lavrentiy_beria ) , who in turn was executed :  upon stalin 's death in march 1953 , beria was promoted to first deputy premier , where he carried out a campaign of liberalization . 
  he was briefly a part of the ruling `` troika '' with georgy malenkov and vyacheslav molotov . 
  beria 's overconfidence in his position after stalin 's death led him to misjudge other politburo members . 
  during the coup d'\u00e9tat led by nikita khrushchev and assisted by the military forces of marshal georgy zhukov , beria was arrested on charges of treason during a meeting in which the full politburo condemned him . 
  the compliance of the nkvd was ensured by zhukov 's troops , and after interrogation beria was taken to the basement of the hq of the moscow military district and shot by general pavel batitsky . 
   one false story claimed that asylum seekers were having free sex with prostitutes funded by a local council . 
  i stand by my past statements on here that there is an inordinate amount of concern about anything relating to migrants and sex . 
   practically it means that border staff in the affected countries have to swipe each passport through a reader , rather than waving british holidaymakers though as before . 
    this has taken up to two minutes per passenger which has led to delays . 
  * so parallelize . 
  this problem has been solved before . 
  * how does it take two minutes to swipe a passport ? 
   leading policymakers such as the u.s. president appear to believe that trade is a battle over the world 's resources like any other no , the present u.s. president is simply somewhat unusual in that he does n't care in the least about departing from truth if he thinks that what he 's going to say is going to be popular . 
  lots of people think this , ergo if he says it , they 're going to feel like he 's `` on their side '' , ergo he 's going to say it . 
  you 'll note that trump 's policies and what comes out of trump 's mouth often have surprisingly little connection with each other . 
  trump did , decades back , earn himself an economics degree . 
   * the economist * , for instance , recently exclaimed that german policymakers `` need to understand that germany 's surpluses are themselves a threat to free trade 's legitimacy . '' yeah , that 's pretty lame , but imho * the economist * is more about * popularizing * economic liberalism than anything else , and the german situation being unpopular is probably making them twitchy . 
   in any case , it is a choice the german people and their government have to make themselves . 
  yup . 
   similarly misplaced is the argument that because of their historically harmonious relationship with trade unions , german businesses manage to keep wages too low . 
  again , it is up to the german businesses and workers to agree on what they believe are appropriate wages . 
  well , to be fair , if you 're engaging in collective bargaining across the industry , it 's not going to be that hard for someone to defeat the normal market mechanisms , if someone 's interests become disconnected from those of the people that they theoretically represent . 
   to be sure , the germans , too , have attempted to explain their large surplus using incomplete arguments . 
  first , it has been argued that german surpluses are a mark of prudent policy , for the german population is aging and thus in need of saving . 
  but the german society is not aging much faster than its neighbors and the recent influx of immigrants could slow down the process because most immigrants are young and tend to have more children than native germans . 
  the `` not aging faster than its neighbors '' bit is n't really a weapon against the german argument here . 
  after all , maybe germany 's neighbors are not saving enough for their retirement , and maybe the states there are not sufficiently provisioning welfare and pensions weighted towards old age . 
   although the germans are not actively ( mis ) using the current financial architecture of the eurozone to benefit themselves , benefit they necessarily do . 
  :-( the author points out that trying to force exports is not advantageous to a country , and then promptly uses this assumption himself in describing it as a `` benefit '' . 
  i do have to say that this * arbitror * thing looks kinda interesting . 
  a [ shetland pony ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shetland_pony ) apparently can run about 200kg . 
  a selling point of the eu is `` no more franco-german wars '' . 
  seems germane . 
  i mean , memorials are n't gon na be fixed for all time . 
  [ there are now no living people who fought in world war i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_last_world_war_i_veterans_by_country ) around . 
  history needs to be taken in context of the present . 
  no biggie !, 
  it 's a not-infrequent error here as well . 
  yeah , that 's true -- for folks on this forum , it 's not an issue .
