   the usa is in the same rut as china , meaning it ca n't compete anymore , it 's key exports are being out competed on sheer price ( see things like microprocessors , weapons systems , planes ) . 
  in large-body civilian aircraft , boeing and airbus are holding about constant . 
  in military aircraft , the us competes pretty well on bang for the buck . 
  in microprocessors ... i guess arm has moved in on the low end ? 
   if the usa now closed it 's borders it could live out a century , or so in dignity , and keep it 's standard of living . 
  if the us closed its borders , it would do the same thing that china did ( and north korea is doing now ) , and fall behind the rest of the world . 
   every bit of trade is a bad deal without an equal value to exchange for it . 
  nope . 
  run a continued deficit or surplus , and currency shifts will return you to equilibrium . 
   trump is right when he finds that his nation is being ripped off in trade , because it 's products are n't magically superior just , because a us citizen touched them . 
  not only has trump produced economic nonsense , he 's done so knowingly to provide an `` easy , magic answer '' for people working in manufacturing industry that 's being phased out . 
   worse yet the upper class forces a strict regiment of social expression , stunting the philosophical advancement ... uh . 
  i do n't think that the `` upper class '' `` forces '' any sort of `` social expression '' , and i definitely do n't think that `` philosophical advancement '' is stunted . 
   the us needs to stay a cultural hub . 
  well , it certainly would n't do that by isolating itself . 
   isolationism is a natural consequence of being stuck in your ways , run by people whose main qualification is fortune of birth , and convinced that the `` evil foreigners '' are fucking you over . 
  well , that i will agree with . 
  congrats , folks on both sides of the equation . 
  hope things work smoothly from here on out !, 
  maybe . 
  generally-speaking , i think that `` being tough '' is politically-appealing to negotiators ' public on both sides of the matter , based on the news articles i 've seen on here quoting barnier and may . 
   we will be an eu member . 
  uh , huh . 
  if that 's so certain , and the eu does n't mind , how about you get the eu to sign off on that ahead of time ? 
  `` catalonia 's independence will be recognized and it will automatically receive eu membership . '', 
  i 'd believe you if the eu made such a statement . 
  it wo n't be just a way to sell a gilded view of secession to catalonians , but an accepted truth . 
  `` but the eu wo n't do that because it will be an attack on spain . '', 
  probably . 
  why would that change after a referendum ? 
   uranium , mined in 3rd world countries , canada and australia together represent the majority of global uranium production . 
  they 're not third-world countries . 
   even lobbying can only delay this tech so much , once the genie is out of the bottle and the public knows about it i doubt they can keep this silent . 
  yeah , i do n't buy it . 
  you 've got a photograph with farage , who is a long-term , murdoch , and a guy who happens to be a wealthy russian ( and as such , is sketchy ) . 
  farage has been advocating for brexit since forever . 
  murdoch has advocated for right-wing politics since forever . 
  and they 're gon na run into russians . 
  i mean , i get the motive -- there 's an obvious benefit to cutting the uk out of the herd . 
  but a russian showing up at some party with wealthy right-wingers just ai n't a smoking gun . 
   it 's also well known that fox helped coordinate propaganda campaigns on hillary and proping up the russian-backed gop while systematically undermining the obama administration . 
  murdoch 's media outlets are right wing . 
  they 've been right wing for a long time , a lot longer than before trump bumbled his way onto the scene . 
  they 're always going to be complaining about the democrats . 
  and the gop as a whole is n't particularly friendly to russia -- trump stands out because of the unusual positions he takes . 
  i agree that murdoch , as a right-wing supporter is opposed to corbyn . 
  but what is your source for murdoch being associated with russia ? 
  i find that pretty hard to believe . 
  the reason china wound up falling well behind was because of intentional isolation from the rest of the world . 
  if russia has any preference , it would be to favor corbyn . 
  corbyn 's security policy is advantageous for russia . 
  well , there are finland , sweden , austria , and ireland . 
   macron do not mobilize the opposition the same way a ps or lr ( ump ) president does . 
  the power of centrism , eh ? 
  ukraine 's [ worse-off demographically than the rest of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_ukraine ) if you 're wanting a source of new workers . 
  i mean , yeah , whenever ukraine gets freedom of labour with the eu ( which i assume will ultimately happen ) , you 'll get a population transfer , but that 's a one-off . 
  well , ukraine 's public was n't enthusiastic about nato until russia attacked ukraine . 
  that problem was nonexistent until russia created it for itself . 
  i 'll give you the eu being a concern . 
   europe and the united states needed to work together on ensuring sensible rules because standards had been very erratically set so far , merkel said . 
  the us 's position has been `` let industry set standards and stay out of it '' . 
  i 'd be surprised if the us were enthusiastic about a fundamental shift on the matter . 
  i mean , the eu has imposed some restrictions in isolation , like that `` cookie warning '' pop-up thing that shows up on european websites . 
  i imagine that something like that would continue to be viable for the eu if it wants to throw its weight around . 
  the us was driving a large amount of the internet not that many years ago and made a conscious decision to stay out of it and let it grow untrammeled , with extremely little state control , hence the techno-anarchy of today . 
  merkel 's gon na have to either make the case `` the world is different now '' or `` you made the wrong decision then '' . 
  i think that those are going to be difficult arguments to make -- i think that the internet has been extremely successful using the approach that was taken . 
  further , i think that if she makes those arguments successfully , they 'll be arguments to make to the world as a whole , not just the us . 
  well , in her defense , if you want things like online speech restrictions , that 's really the only viable way to do it . 
  but it 's the softest arrangement that does n't violate any stated red lines . 
  what does unemployment look like by age ? 
  many eu members have high youth unemployment . 
  corbyn 's a lot closer than germany 's left is . 
  well , by allowing people to block construction upwards in the us ( think sf or nyc ) and in the uk ( think london ) , we 've permitted real estate prices to skyrocket . 
  i 'm not sold that russia 's approach -- mass use of the equivalent of eminent domain to clear people who do n't want to sell out so that development upwards can happen -- is the right thing to do . 
  i think that it 's got some real potential for abuse . 
  but they 're clearly addressing a real issue that we are n't sufficiently-handling . 
  my own preference is : * require * localities to pre-approve height increases in specific areas , and have approval triggered by rapid price increases . 
  that avoids housing scarcity and regulatory capture via zoning that we see today . 
  but it also avoids putting any individual in a very abusable position . 
  good catch , germany !, 
  look -- i think maybe you misunderstood me . 
  in using the `` good guys '' / `` bad guys '' statement , i was n't trying to make a high-level moral proclamation as to either of their characters or on the political situation one way or the other . 
  the phrase `` the only solution for bad guys with guns is good guys with guns '' is a quote that comes up occasionally in gun-rights arguments . 
  the idea it is expressing is that there are some situations where personal security can only practically be addressed by having people be armed . 
  that is , denisultanov-kurmakayev is the `` bad guy '' in the context of the quote 's meaning , as he is the one who suddenly attacks someone , and okuyeva is the `` good guy '' in that the gun is being used in reaction to and in defense against the attack . 
  well , let 's hypothetically assume that both parties have negotiators that want to negotiate hardball -- that is , to gamble with the risk that the deal will not go through or will not be stable in the long run in order to obtain the most-favorable-to-themselves-terms . 
  and lets assume that the eu is in a very favorable position and wants to leverage that . 
  there 's no benefit to the eu in running the clock down . 
  if the eu wants to take that much of an extreme-hardball stance , it could simply say `` here 's your deal . 
  take it or leave it . 
  call us if you want to take it . '', 
  the eu negotiators can then just walk out . 
  the clock-run-down situation does n't provide any benefit to the eu over that . 
  i do n't think that the british public * per se * wants to leave the single market ( at least not the non-freedom-of-movement bits ) . 
  but i think that an unacceptably-large-to-sacrifice-portion-of-labour-and-the-conservatives-electorate wants to end ( or drastically restrict ) freedom of movement . 
  the eu has said that this is a red line , that they are unwilling to offer the other portions of the single market without people also accepting freedom of movement . 
  if you believe the eu , then this also entails leaving the single market . 
  i believe the eu on this point . 
  i can imagine the eu accepting expiring limitations on freedom of movement back when cameron and merkel were negotiating .
