  that * would * raise the bar above what the us has . 
   the ancient and iconic city will be flooded because the mediterranean sea is forecast to rise by up to 140cm before 2100 , according to the research . 
  if there is a single place on earth that water rise due to global warming should be renderable a non-issue , it should be the mediterranean . 
  just do a limited [ atlantropa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ) sufficient to hold the mediterranean at its current level , rather than to shrink the med . 
  lots of hydropower and no cities go underwater . 
  establishes a common cultural experience for the people in the country , too . 
  australia 's not even in nato . 
  what 's your dog in the race ? 
   so , the germans have an `` abstract-logical '' way of thinking , but `` prefer clearly reasoned facts and calculations , '' the textbook says . 
  `` the french and americans love visuals . 
  the germans also love visuals , but only those which have double meanings . 
  while the french prefer catchy ideas , emotional expressions and loud words . '', 
  i 'd respond , but the article does n't have enough pictures . 
   alexander mityaev , a 2003 rotc graduate , gave an example of how russians would taunt american soldiers :   `` there was an old colonel who taught us how to cut the yanks ' supply lines to starve them of their camel cigarettes and coca-cola , and then shower them with leaflets mocking their inability to survive without camels and coke . '' i do n't understand what this is to accomplish . 
  japanese world war ii propaganda targeting the us tended to focus on things like people back home sleeping with their wives and girlfriends . 
  propaganda aimed at rhe australians tended to focus on american soldiers sleeping with their wives and girlfriends . 
  that 's straightforward -- sap morale , split coalitions . 
  but what the hell is mocking the inability to get by without cigarettes and coca cola going to accomplish ? 
  is `` industrial policy '' here a euphemism for protectionism ? 
  i like how most people on here do n't call every german a nazi because of what some ancestor did once . 
  maybe something similar could be done for the british ? 
   with us you get their shitty shows and culture * hey !, 
   ` intellectual property ? 
  what 's that protectionism ? 
  sure , why not ! ', 
  - china we violated the shit out of european intellectual property back before we started producing a bunch of our own that we wanted respected in turn . 
  i 'm sure that china will have similar incentives . 
  some examples : the us regularly ignored european copyright , and ripped off music , literature , etc. 
  mark twain was a major influence in trying to set up international copyright laws -- he was producing content that europe liked , and he was fed up with europeans in turn ripping off his stuff . 
  hence , the [ international copyright act of 1891 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_copyright_act_of_1891 ) :  during the time when the united states was just beginning to develop a literary tradition of its own , this nation refused to protect foreign works . 
  as a result of this , american works were unprotected abroad and domestic publishers had to compete with each other for cheap editions of foreign works . 
  prior to the international copyright act , the first national copyright law was passed in 1790 and provided a copyright protection for 14 years , but only for authors who were citizens or residents of the united states . 
  in order to get copyright protection in the rest of the world american authors were required to gain residency in the country in which they desired copyright protection . 
  for example , mark twain obtained residency in canada to protect his publication of the prince and the pauper . 
    to protect foreign literature in the united states , british authors would have an american citizen serve as a collaborator in the publishing process , and then have the book registered in washington , d.c. under the collaborator 's name . 
  it was not until the 1830s that the pressure to extend american copyright to foreign authors first developed . 
  both american and british authors and publishers joined forces and pushed for a bilateral treaty between the united states and england . 
  famous authors such as charles dickens came to the united states to show their support for international copyright . 
  their biggest problem were american printers that already were protected by a high tariff on imported works , and who had no wish to pay royalties to english writers or publishers . 
    in the united states , the only authors protected were american . 
  the great authors such as mark twain , louisa may alcott , edward eggleston , and bill nye wrote letters in the mid-1880s to the century requesting international copyright . 
  these powerful letters to the journals had a strong effect on this issue as well as the american copyright league that was formed in 1883 . 
  the league was a great supporter for an international copyright act and at the madison square theater in 1885 the league sponsored readings by american authors in aid of the leagues cause . 
    while the united states was refusing any protection for foreign literary works , more and more countries in europe started adapting the principle of `` national treatment '' . 
  this principle meant that each nation that signed the treaty was obligated to protect works produced by nationals of all other treaty members on the same terms that it protects its own nationals . 
    in 1884 , academics , writers and diplomats met in berne , switzerland , to begin the work to form a multilateral copyright treaty . 
  this was based on the principle of national treatment together with minimum standards so that a member country would be free to treat the copyrighted work of its own nationals however they chose to , but when it came to the works from other treaty members it would have to obey certain minimum standards . 
  the treaty was signed in 1886 but the united states was not one of its founding members . 
  american representatives had attended the bern conference only as observers and it would take another 5 years until the united states took its first step to protect foreign works . 
  another example : back in the day , germany was a big name in typography ( well , probably still is ) . 
  the us was n't particularly significant at all . 
  us courts decided that it was absurd that typefaces be copyrightable , and proceeded to treat them as something not subject to copyright -- and the decision was rather sticky , with that call lasting up to today . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intellectual_property_protection_of_typefaces  the idea that typefaces ( rather than fonts ) can not be copyrighted in the united states is a well-settled law with a long history . 
  germany , on the other hand , had its own special type of intellectual property just * for * typefaces , since it was important to germany . 
  however , down the line , the us became big in software . 
  and there were a lot of digital fonts , and suddenly , the idea of typefaces not being copyrightable was simply unthinkable and ridiculous , so the us decided that * digital fonts * ( truetype , postscript , opentype , metafont , quickdraw gx , etc ) were copyrightable , but non-digital fonts continued not to be . 
  to this day , in the us , it is legal to print out computer typefaces into non-copyrighted ink-in-paper , scan them in , and re-vectorize them and have a non-derived-work set of fonts in the us . 
  these fonts tend to look pretty crummy , but it 's been done and large collections sold . 
  ( i have kinda wondered whether one of the items on ttip would have been to harmonize this with europe ... guess we wo n't know now . ), 
  my guess is that china will suddenly develop ip religion right about the time china starts putting out a substantial amount of its own ip that it wants protected by other countries . 
  the hoverboard was developed in significant part by chinese hardware developers . 
   france had its own currency for 15 centuries , le pen said . 
  `` and we got along fine . 
  it 's since the euro that we 've had a balance of payments deficit , not before . 
  the euro has ruined our economy . '' * i do n't think that tied currencies normally cause a long-term imbalance . 
  what they do is cause disruptive adjustments -- high unemployment , say . 
  this does n't seem to be the cure for the issue that she 's objecting to . 
  * france 's largest trade deficit is not with germany , [ but with china , with which the deficit is over double that with germany ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/frances-top-import-partners/ ) . 
  china is not on the euro . 
  * having a net deficit for a time is not something to get up in arms about . 
  * people have pointed out that germany and greece , with very different economies , may not be in an optimum currency area . 
  i 'm no expert on what people think * would * be an optimum currency area , but i see plenty of proposals that involve both germany and france . 
  i suspect that the objections that exist for greece-germany probably do not exist , at least to the same extent , for france-germany . 
  oh , come on . 
  i guarantee you that there 's some irish publication that publishes material that would be highly offensive to others , and you 'd never : * expect others to treat the author as being the voice of ireland . 
  * expect the government to censor something that might be offensive to other countries . 
  consumer reports has been maintaining a major source of sold-in-the-us brand reliability data since ... i dunno , a very long time ... and tesla is near the bottom . 
  http://www.consumerreports.org/car-reliability/car-brands-reliability-how-they-stack-up/ toyota ( and lexus ) has consistently done well for a long time -- generally asian manufacturers tend to dominate the top slots . 
  summary : `` buy my book . '', 
   and the army ca n't afford to pay more since no one wants to give them more funding ... but this * is * taxation . 
  it just happens to tax the conscript in terms of his time and labor , by making him work below market rate . 
  i mean , if the good of the country is at stake , it seems like there 's a reasonable argument that the country could pay its military the going rate for their labor . 
  american boot camp today also is n't like american boot camp in the 1970s . 
   if they ca n't even maintain a single currency the netherlands uses the us dollar in the carribbean . 
  does that mean that the netherlands ca n't be a country ? 
  i assume that finland 's objection is on the grounds that this would conflict with finnish neutrality ? 
  why does v4 care ? 
  post-ussr i-got-my-independence-now-i-want-to-enjoy-it-dammit ? 
   the paradox is that france , which most often raises the idea of core europe , has historically been the biggest brake on integration . 
  why ? 
  i think we need to establish whether the spanish restaurant used garlic in any of the dishes . 
   who would win given current alliances , russia . 
  china , maybe . 
  i think that the point was that the uk -- largely as a function of geography , not something that 's as easy to replicate for other eu members -- essentially * only * did that . 
  realistically , though , any system that provides for mandatory redistribution throughout the eu ( or at least schengen ) must also allow the eu to decide to not take people in . 
  i am very sympathetic to the idea that the eu ( or at least schengen ) need to deal with immigration-related issues as a bloc ; anything else is unenforceable . 
  i 'd further argue that the eu , not just schengen , should have the ability to limit naturalization . 
  however , acting as a bloc cuts both ways , both pro- and anti- providing refuge . 
  the problem is that the eu never decided on the policy to let people in in the first place , but * was * expected to deal with the issue of redistribution . 
  it certainly was n't up until relatively-recently .
