  germany is big on renting rather than owning housing . 
  the isle of man is n't even in the eu . 
  why are you so upset ? 
  german is indeed the most-widely-spoken first language in the eu . 
  english is the most widely-spoken language , but not first language : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union  the most widely spoken language in the eu is english , which is understood by 51 % of all adults , while german is the most widely used mother tongue , spoken by 18 % . 
  all 24 official languages of the eu are accepted as working languages , but in practice only two -- english and french -- are in wide general use and of these english is the more commonly used . 
  french is an official language in all three of the cities that are political centres of the union : brussels ( belgium ) , strasbourg ( france ) and luxembourg city ( luxembourg ) . 
  the uk is about 12 % of the eu 's population , and presumably essentially all britons can speak english . 
  after brexit , presumably english fluency in the eu will drop to about 43 % -- again in the minority . 
  in case anyone is interested . 
  https://passportinfo.com/us-passport-colors/  for us citizens , it might seem natural and right for passports to be dark blue ... -  ... many nations use the color of their passport to show their affiliation with a certain region , political system , or culture . 
  european union nations like the united kingdom , finland and germany use burgundy covers for their passports . 
  the covers also list both the name of the country and `` european union . '' members of the caribbean community , also known as caricom , also mark their passport covers with `` caribbean community '' and use dark blue covers to demonstrate their membership in the political union . 
    blue passports are traditionally associated with `` new world '' nations in north and south america and oceania . 
  we 're all familiar with the blue covers of us passports , but canada and australia also use a similar blue . 
  many islamic nations like egypt and mauritania use green covers , as green is strongly associated with the muslim religion . 
  shades of red are often associated with communist countries like china and formerly communist countries like russia !, 
  it 's a lot of young center-left people . 
  it 'll be upbeat the next time the center-left has some sort of win in the uk . 
  maybe tie granted citizenship slots to the number of births below population sustainability and explicitly push the problem directly to the public . 
  not sure why the downvotes . 
   stigmas appeared where the islamist government officials started to discriminate and only promote or hire people who are pious ( who wear hijab ) . 
  this is illegal in the united states under the [ civil rights act of 1964 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_rights_act_of_1964 ) . 
  * title ii  outlawed discrimination based on race , color , religion or national origin in hotels , motels , restaurants , theaters , and all other public accommodations engaged in interstate commerce * title iii  prohibited state and municipal governments from denying access to public facilities on grounds of race , color , religion or national origin . 
  * title vii  title vii of the act , codified as subchapter vi of chapter 21 of title 42 of the united states code , prohibits discrimination by covered employers on the basis of race , color , religion , sex or national origin ( see 42 u.s.c. 
  title vii applies to and covers an employer `` who has fifteen ( 15 ) or more employees for each working day in each of twenty or more calendar weeks in the current or preceding calendar year '' as written in the definitions section under 42 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 2000e ( b ) . 
  title vii also prohibits discrimination against an individual because of his or her association with another individual of a particular race , color , religion , sex , or national origin , such as by an interracial marriage . 
  [ 45 ] does turkey have comparable law , or are they just not enforced ? 
   i do think this is due to how islam and christianity differs albania 's moderate-muslim . 
  nobody on here is up in arms about albania . 
   but turkey shifted from more strict french secularism to anglo-american secularism under erdogan . 
  aside from the whole dictatorship thing and the stacking of the bureaucracy with his supporters , erdogan seems like a pretty great guy . 
  religious symbols , lotsa flags , patriotism , right to bear arms , death penalty , a substantial military , national exceptionalism ... i mean , the guy koran-thumps instead of bible-thumping , but he 's clearly got his head screwed on right . 
  for the leadership ? 
  means that you control a powerful tool to influence the public . 
  for the public ? 
  i guess it keeps out competition . 
  some people on here seem really enthusiastic about limiting or banning mosques , for example . 
  turkey does not permit free renunciation of citizenship . 
  the protestant reformation already clobbered the church a long time ago . 
  it 's on the list of blocked domains for this sub -- a moderator bot will auto-delete comments or posts linking to it . 
  this is a pretty broad list of domains , and includes things like blogspot , the * daily mail * and other british tabloids , etc. 
   i love it how this sub is pro eu and also anti democracy . 
  i like representative democracy . 
  i live in california , which makes , by us state standards , a lot of use of direct democracy , and the decisions made this way have been among some of the worst i 've seen california make . 
  you tend to get someone who wants to push a particular policy wrap up something that depends on technical knowledge with a very simple story surrounding it . 
  yes , it means that you get buy-in from the public , and that 's good . 
  and for some things , you 'll get people making reasonable calls . 
  but at the end of the day , you are winding up with what amounts to for most people a knee-jerk reaction on what something sounds like on its face -- most california ballot items have people voting who are much-less-informed on them than the brits were on the brexit referendum . 
  democracy ensures that the interests of the public are represented . 
  but if you make a decision via direct democracy , * everyone has to understand its implications if you want to make an informed decision * . 
  that is huge numbers of people , and is very expensive to do . 
  in some cases , there really is n't much to inform people about . 
  for example , new zealand just voted in a referendum to keep the british flag on their flag . 
  that 's really a matter of self-image . 
  sure , it has some foreign policy implications , but at the end of the day , it 's more a matter of the public 's aesthetic preference . 
  the public can reasonably vote on it . 
  there would n't be * that * much win from them electing representatives and then only having to bring those representatives up-to-speed on the matter . 
  on the other hand , when california votes on tax modifications , civil lawsuit modifications , transport infrastructure decisions , and so forth -- these are all quite-technical issues . 
  it 's very difficult for someone who is non-expert in the given field to understand them , so a great deal of the matter comes down to who has the slicker sales pitch . 
  if you 're going to let the meritorious rule , you 're going to have to have some way to judge who is meritorious . 
  [ aristocracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aristocracy ) originally meant `` rule by the best '' . 
  it meant something like what you mean when you say `` meritocracy '' to the ancient greeks ... but over time , the meaning shifted . 
  when everyone wants to have power and `` the best '' are fuzzily defined ... well , i think you can see why tamping down those definitions becomes important . 
  or for another example , the chinese [ imperial examination system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_examination ) looked very much -- certainly by european early middle ages standards -- as a meritocratic system . 
  educate a would-be corps of bureaucrats , and only the top scorers when tested on their knowledge may become government officials . 
  except ... because these people were also the only people who could shift the accepted body of knowledge , and they were the people with the least incentive to do so , it stagnated , and the chinese empire became stagnant , conservative , and inwards-looking . 
  further , because only the wealthy could afford the costs of educating their children sufficiently to score well in the system , it effectively could be used to let an upper class maintain rule . 
  meritocracy sounds deceptively-simple and appealing -- simply put the most-competent people in charge , and the selection is merely a fine detail . 
  my point is that the devil is very much in the details , and it 's not something that can be brushed aside . 
  fixed , thanks . 
  [ bbc world service ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc_world_service ) , voa , rfe/rl , dw , and france24 have a similar role in that they are broadcasters aimed at an international audience . 
  they do n't have the same bullshit content that rt and sputnik do -- you would n't find them selling the kind of stuff associated with the mh-17 shootdown -- but it 'd be legit to compare their roles . 
  this is not true of cnn , msnbc , and fox . 
  npr receives a very small amount of federal funding , about a percent of its budget these days , and its primary audience is domestic . 
  it 's mostly your standard center-left outlet . 
  albania . 
  geo-restricted here too , if it makes you feel better . 
  running a whois query on a domain ? 
  well , a lot of illiterates were n't [ the property-owning white men who had the right to vote , for starters . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/u.s._vote_for_president_as_population_share.png ), 
  who devises the metric of merit ? 
   a person who is financially independent due to personal wealth is far less susceptible to bribes than the average mp trump was selling himself based on this . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  if everyone had a more-complete understanding of law , say , there could just be more-complex things put forward that the typical voter would n't get . 
  also , some of the point of democracy is n't leveraging the wisdom of the crowds , but ensuring that a majority is committed . 
  i mean , what realistic alternative did you want ? 
  the best voter to have backing you is someone who will single-issue vote on something that does n't require any real policy effort from you . 
  ca n't really have an absence of culture . 
   western nations and their people -- if they are to be taken seriously by the rest of the struggling world -- must begin to think about developing socialist political and economic structures that are internationalist and crucially , anti-imperialist at their foundations . 
  clearly the vast quantities of available toilet paper available in the west undermines its credibility . 
  maduro 's part of a venezuelan socialist party , not communist . 
  it 's telesur , yes . 
  is this just because in practice merkel does a lot of eu stuff that juncker probably should , so le pen just uses merkel as the face of the eu ? 
  because , frankly , i do n't really see why merkel in particular would be a good person to target . 
  afaict , france and the merkel administration have gotten along well . 
  maybe she is n't . 
  rt and al-jazeera are state-run propaganda outlets from russia and qatar , respectively . 
  telesur is the same for venezuela .
