  this has been discussed in the past . 
  he did not convert a million dollars into billions . 
  he got substantially more than that in inheritance , and would have roughly tracked the s&p 500 . 
  i mean , are you aware of a second trump ? 
  well , a pervasive influence that is ineffectual is n't really much of an influence ... 
   every prime minister eventually gets turned on . 
  [ not every one . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spencer_perceval ), 
  are europhiles particularly depraved ? 
  well , presumably tusk has a consistent position . 
  one would kinda think that if such pervasive influence existed , a fairly-high-priority concern would be to not , you know , be the target of genocide . 
  could be that his goal is to make the eu the one to terminate the discussions . 
  if you can say `` look , the eu 's a bunch of assholes and kicked us out ... * i * did n't pull us away from that popular eu thing '' , probably better for domestic politics . 
  weellll ... it might help people in their domestic politics . 
   he pointed out that the project was created in order to `` resist all sorts of '' fennel , `` cattle , all those who support the american way of life ... what i 'm hearing here is that the rooskies are trying to take my fried butter . 
   the curator of the `` young programmers '' sergey epifantsev details their studies , participation in conferences and information security competitions , in which teams often have to quickly crack something . 
  waste of your time and resources . 
  you could be teaching them to write software and they 'd be generating more value for russia . 
  security knowledge tends to get dated quickly . 
   after that , he told the students that `` if you isolate the 30 most powerful jews , the wars will stop , '' and most of the processes in the world are run by corporations like general motors , shell , coca-cola , mcdonald 's . 
  like sourcing sugar and caramel color and putting up advertisements . 
  seriously , though , what is the * deal * with the jewish thing ? 
  it seems to me that the whole holocaust should be a pretty convincing exhibit to even the most jaded that jews * were n't * secretly controlling world events . 
   we believe that the italian and european authorities should not be providing support to the libyan coastguard , either directly or indirectly . 
  well , it 's certainly more-reasonable for them to be involved than the ngos in question . 
  libya 's not under obligation to take them to where they want to go . 
   merkel left washington unconvinced that trump had gotten the message in trump 's defense , i assume that the lawyer he just brought on to deal with the special counsel investigation he 's under has told him `` say nothing substantive about russia unless it 's been cleared via your communications team and via me '' . 
  i would n't respond on-the-fly to anything about russia * either * under those circumstances . 
  we 're talking about the greek government , not trump . 
  if you think that things do n't require change in greece , i think that we 're just going to have to disagree . 
  oh , [ i think that we 're doing all right income-wise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income#median_equivalent_adult_income ) . 
  i wish someone more familiar with the imf 's involvement in greece would explain some of this . 
  http://cepr.net/images/stories/reports/imf-voting-shares-2016-04.pdf this document seems to say that the us is a major proponent of greek debt forgiveness before imf loans ? 
  so is the argument , at root , on who eats part of the losses tied to greek debt ? 
  that is , it could either be the imf ( imf gets onboard and greece defaults under unsustainable debt , imf eats losses ) or the current holders of the debt ( germany , france , etc ? ), 
  mexico ? 
  first-cousin marriage is illegal in much of the rural us , china , some of the balkans , and is fine everywhere else in the world . 
   and is now concerned that american jobs will be lost because of it . 
  it is * extremely * unlikely that he is concerned about any such thing . 
  he may publicly take that position for political reasons , but that 's a different story . 
  oh , thanks , i gotcha , makes sense !, 
  though ... i think that you may have inadvertently pasted a quote from some other comment . 
  if there 's one thing that trump is fairly consistent on , it 's in taking inconsistent and conflicting positions . 
  it had been unusual for him to have not yet hit both sides of this issue . 
   but it 's not perfect because some of the more recently emergent ( or resurgent ) well , my initial thought was of corbyn -- who had been opposed to the eu in the past because it 's not left-enough -- clearly being disconnected from people opposed to the eu on the right . 
  that is , i think that this probably has some history to it . 
   this does n't mean you should do away with the two axis though . 
  sure , just saying that maybe a third makes sense . 
  [ mars climate orbiter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mars_climate_orbiter )  the primary cause of this discrepancy was that one piece of ground software supplied by lockheed martin produced results in a united states customary unit , contrary to its software interface specification ( sis ) , while a second system , supplied by nasa , expected those results to be in si units , in accordance with the sis . 
  [ gimli glider ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gimli_glider )  on july 23 , 1983 , air canada flight 143 , a boeing 767-233 wide body jetliner , ran out of fuel at an altitude of 12,500 metres ( 41,000 ft ) above mean sea level , about halfway through its montreal to edmonton flight ... the amount of fuel that had been loaded was miscalculated because of a confusion as to the calculation of the weight of fuel using the metric system , which had recently replaced the imperial system for use with the 767 . 
  [ korean air cargo flight 6316 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_cargo_flight_6316 )  on april 27 , 1999 , the primary investigation revealed no evidence of explosion or mechanical failure before the impact . 
  in june 2001 , further investigation carried out by caac showed that the first officer had confused 1,500 metres , the required altitude , with 1,500 feet , causing the pilot to make the wrong decision to descend . 
   european countries ' political spectrums tend to divide on two axis : weeeellll ... but what about pro-europeanism and euroskepticism ? 
  < looks doubtfully at comment  you think that he 's using `` bankruptcy '' as a metaphor for `` being broke '' ? 
   if anything should happen to the wallet you carry with you ... i much prefer to keep my passport locked up and only take it out when i need it . 
  it is also a good idea to have copies of your passport , kept in different locations ... you make yourself a target when it becomes clear that you are a tourist ... you make yourself vulnerable to pickpockets - or worse - when you are drunk . 
  [ dammit , europe ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/culturebox/2011/02/the_lost_art_of_pickpocketing.html ) :  experts offer a few explanations for the gradual disappearance of pickpockets in the united states ... due to ratcheted-up law enforcement measures , including heftier sentences ( in some states , a pick , defined as theft from the body of another person and charged as a felony regardless of the amount taken ) and better surveillance of hot spots and known pickpockets , that system has been dismantled . 
  well , that 's true . 
  i 'm not saying that the eu is better in all respects -- just that i do n't think that a nordic union would achieve what the main aims of creating something like the eu would be . 
  that being said , one could certainly say that those goals are not worthwhile compared to the tradeoffs . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't see a nu as a drop-in replacement for an eu , because what they would aim to do would simply inherently be different . 
  an nu would have 27 million people and a gdp of $ 1.4 t. 
  that 's something under half of a germany , and would probably aim more at increasing clout * vis-a-vis * neighbors . 
  the eu has 510 million people and a gdp of $ 16.5 t. 
  it 's economically-comparable to the us or china . 
  it would aim to control a continent and influence global standards and industry to a substantial degree , as well as its surroundings . 
  it would aim , via free movement and economic interchange , to end europe 's historically-present fragmentation and let europe operate more as a unit . 
  it would aim to leverage economies of scale available at that level . 
  its near-term goals will probably be economic development of its poorer peoples and countries . 
  now , true , they are kinda incompatible , so i guess one could choose one or the other . 
  but they simply would be very different models of the world , not really casual drop-in replacements for each other . 
  if the concern is one of eu immigration policy , i think that it would be much easier to change that than to switch models so dramatically . 
  `` i found holland a land of sea , and left it a land of paved roads . '', 
  in russia . 
  well , at the end of it , there were uprisings and wars of decolonization , like the [ algerian war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) . 
  was n't necessarily as if europe casually walked out the door . 
  it might have been possible to expend more resources on control of those areas , yes . 
  but i do n't think that it would have been trivially possible to just say another fifty or whatever years more as a casual decision . 
  not disputing the `` europe would benefit from a higher rate of immigration '' point , but the current grounds that people are coming in on , like refugee claims , allow for no filter on who comes in , and i 'm pretty confident that europe is a desirable-enough place to live and work that europe can be more-selective about who it takes . 
  hell , if i were running a company in a country where something like this was on the books , i 'd probably just eliminate job titles . 
  why hassle with something like this ? 
  that 's not why we left vietnam . 
  we left iraq because we were asked to do so . 
  we did not retreat . 
  it would not make any sense to modify policy based on terrorism ; that 'd create a large incentive to use terrorism in the future . 
  it might make sense to reallocate more resources to monitor or track or imprison people . 
  in all fairness , i ( and i think others ) were expecting a better outcome too . 
  if you want a cushion for fear of unemployment , instead of requiring an employer to not fire without n weeks of delay , you can just save n weeks of emergency fund , and then you solve the problem without the economic issues . 
  i mean , come on . 
  you 're talking about breaking up the country he lives in . 
  could even wind up in civil war . 
  there 's no expectation that he ca n't have an opinion on the matter . 
  i 'd feel pretty strongly if it were my country . 
  well , it kinda is being structures around good wages . 
  i ca n't speak as to happiness . 
  stability , insofar as it blocks people being laid off when companies do n't need workers , make companies less-efficient and more adverse to hiring . 
  so , do anyone but activists call isds `` corporate sovereignty '' ? 
   this man is shaping up to become the new kim jong un nah , i do n't buy it . 
  dictator , maybe , but hyper-isolated ? 
  there are plenty of mena dictators , and none of them look like kim .
