  military weakness . 
  russian aggression on the european landmass ... distinct but mutually reinforcing problems have long been visible ... the european establishment , by and large , has plucked out its eyes lest the sight of rising instability compels them to renounce their mantra of `` more europe . '' ... the peoples of europe have begun to stir against their governing elites , begetting a chauvinistic politics seething with contempt not just for a particular ruling class but also for the ethic of liberal democratic capitalism ... in the midst of this political fragmentation , europe 's key pillars have begun to teeter ... vast migratory wave ... the last hope of the west ... new burdens at a time when european publics were buckling under the cumulative weight of those already assumed ... too late ... fall victim to this upheaval ... even if it survives ... last gasp of this ancien r\u00e9gime ... increasingly unmoored from europe ... weaken germany ... fear and loathing in europe ... complacency of the cosmopolitan elite ... menacing slide [ beat dat horse !, 
  beat dat horse !, 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wtdnnwe.gif ) no , do n't stop now . 
  i bet that we could * increase * the density of phrases with a negative emotional load even * further * !, 
  no , no -- i do n't mean `` get control of the tank '' . 
  i mean `` what do you do with the thing when you 're in it '' ? 
  it does n't seem like the sort of thing that one can casually stuff somewhere without being noticed . 
  but an architectural style does n't need to be ornamental -- it can be functional . 
  i do n't see why a building style being determined by function would disqualify it from fitting into an architectural style . 
  an arch was historically a functional decision , to let stones self-support . 
  today , it may be purely decorative ... but we 'd still recognize roman architecture as a style . 
   yes . 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  i did not downvote your post , if that 's what you 're asking . 
  if one simply wants a high level of economic activity and blames bankers as a whole for a bubble popping , why not also credit them with the level of activity during the bubble ? 
  europe was fine with reagan . 
  perhaps europe -- extreme as this may sound -- just does n't like presidential candidates who appoint advisors who enthuse about `` breaking up the eu '' . 
  fdr was president longer than any other us president , and he had to use a wheelchair . 
  i fail to see why schauble ca n't be chancellor . 
   as the rock lies within the united kingdom 's eez , the uk has exclusive rights and obligations in relation to the exploitation , conservation and management of the rock itself tee hee . 
   if you thought leaving the european union would avert the eu-us trade agreement , or transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) , think again . 
  a free trade deal with trump 's america could be ttip magnified times 10 leaving the uk exposed ttip is n't going through , and a us-uk fta probably will , and it 's probably advantageous to the uk to have such a thing . 
  similarly , the uk will very probably have an fta with the eu , which is also probably not something that the uk wants to go without . 
   there were plenty of legitimate reasons for voting to leave the eu . 
  in fact , the old left position was very much against the eu as a corporate and financial super-state , which is undemocratic and unaccountable . 
  it is worth recalling that the eu is a neoliberal construct of the 1990s predicated upon the maastricht treaty , not to be confused with the post-war european project of social justice and peace . 
  oh , for crying out loud . 
  i thought that * the independent * was mostly read by liberal democrats . 
   to authorize changes to the us constitution , 4/5ths of all states * themselves * must ratify the changes in their own state constitutions 3/4  80 assemblies , 80 senates and 80 governors the us constitution does n't determine how states must decide to ratify something -- i believe that that 's up to the state to decide . 
  nebraska is apparently currently the only unicameral state , but it has only one legislative chamber . 
  a state could theoretically have no legislature whatsoever . 
  i do n't know -- i do n't * think * -- that the governor normally needs to sign a ratification , though do n't quote me on that . 
  i * think * that the normal process is for both houses of a state legislature to normally need to approve for the state to ratify . 
  the guy you 're talking to is a long-time regular here , and plays the role of an over-the-top american for laughs . 
   right-winger surely not . 
  maybe center-right at the most . 
   he has a better chance than le pen because she will inevitably lose in the 2nd round ; she could only make it against fillon ( and even then he 's the favorite is that adjusting for likelihood of turnout , though ? 
  doubtless satisfying for the eu public but probably counterproductive . 
  how do you steal a tank ? 
  i mean , sure , you can drive it somewhere , but it seems fantastically-difficult to hide . 
  uh , `` secret web of mutual assistance '' ? 
   we are the voice , we are the ears , we are everything for the middle east egypt , iran , and saudi arabia are no doubt enthralled . 
   `` tell us to kill , we will kill . 
  tell us to die , we will die . 
  okay . 
  * that * is not so good . 
  having personal loyalty to a man rather than to the country or political ideals does n't sound so good . 
   israel , america and germany are creating pressure over our country to take our money away from us , '' he said . 
  nobody is trying to `` take your money '' , you dumb redneck . 
   `` europe 's spine has cracked . 
  this referendum will be the most effective thing in the rebirth of the ottoman empire . 
  < facepalm   europe has to look at itself . 
  we do not have to yield to torture . '', 
  europe is n't torturing you . 
  there was some magazine article i read at some point about them being sexually-abused . 
  i do n't think that it 's something to use as a model . 
  i recall also some photograph showing a group wearing heels , which seems radically-impractical if someone 's real concern is ability to act as a bodyguard . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amazonian_guard  according to joseph t. stanik , gaddafi reportedly employed a cadre of female bodyguards because he believed that an arab gunman would have difficulty firing at women . 
  [ 2 ] however , it has also been submitted by other authors that gaddafi 's female bodyguards were , in reality , just an aspect of the dictator 's well-known eccentric showmanship and his fondness of surrounding himself with young women . 
  [ 3 ] gaddafi would usually travel with 15 of his amazonian guards assigned to security or housekeeping . 
  [ 4 ] -  in the latter days of the libyan civil war , accusations emerged from five members of the amazonian guard of rape and other abuse by the upper echelons of the gaddafi government , which typically ranged from gaddafi himself , to his sons , to high officials . 
  i 'm actually fairly enthusiastic about gender segregation in the front-line combat parts of the military , and i do n't see this as a problem . 
  if someone explicitly wants to serve in a mixed-gender unit , i suppose that there 's nothing wrong with it , but making the default segregated seems reasonable to me . 
  * many of the objections raised that i 've seen from soldiers come from complaints about women being unable to carry their body if they 're wounded or otherwise need help . 
  a unit * of * women mostly mitigates the concern . 
  i 've seen some proposals that women simply `` be required to meet the same physical standards '' -- the problem is that in practice , in the us military , the only way to achieve this has been to lower standards . 
  * women are statistically not as strong and do not have the same amount of stamina . 
  it is possible to design gear to mostly-mitigate this -- for example , sacrifice some gear redundancy or capability for less weight . 
  however , if you have a mixed unit , you now have non-interchangeable `` his and hers '' gear . 
  * similarly , it is possible to adjust doctrine to be tailored to women -- maybe shorten infantry patrol distances or slightly reduce the rate of travel . 
  if you 've got a mixed unit , then you 're constrained by whoever has the least stamina ( or you 're overworking people ) and you 're wasting capability . 
  this is roughly comparable to , say , the olympics , which depend heavily on physical capabilities -- they segregate competition . 
  it * might * make sense to have `` strength/weight classes '' rather than strictly `` male '' or `` female '' units . 
  note that this only really applies to infantry , physical-effort-heavy units . 
  it 's probably irrelevant to the bulk of roles in the military -- a pilot or tank mechanic does n't have to deal with anything like the same constraints . 
   rothschilds banker again , what is your obsession with this ? 
  who cares whether he worked at a bank that had rothschild ownership ? 
  i 've worked for companies owned by all sorts of people and institutions . 
  it 's not as if the shareholders come and make personal arrangements with me . 
  fptp normally leads to two parties with more-or-less centrist candidates -- any deviation from a centrist position means that you lose out . 
  since parties need to win elections , any deviation from the center means that the party loses voters . 
  the uk 's current situation is quite abnormal for the uk . 
  what 's weird in the uk at the moment is that one of the historically big two parties , labour , changed their internal rules in such a way that permitted leftist activists to seize control of the leadership and do things that were not in line with what voters tended to like . 
  ordinarily in the uk , tradition mandates that a party leader who sees his party 's popularity collapse should step down and have someone else step up for the sake of the party , but corbyn has been unwilling to do so . 
  i understand that he 's hoping to start some sort of left-wing uprising ( or maybe just hoping that brexit goes terribly-wrong enough for people to vote for him as an alternative ) . 
  unless and until he 's willing to surrender his position * or * labour becomes entirely-displaced by a new centrist party ( maybe liberal democrats ) , the conservative party has pretty much free reign . 
  [ the lira is up ] ( http://wap.business-standard.com/article/news-ians/turkish-lira-up-3-against-us-dollar-after-referendum-117041700462_1.html ) post-referendum , though . 
  what would be the point of growing food if flowers provide the most-productive use of the land ? 
  [ unemployment rates seem to be very good in northern italy ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:reg_unemployment_rates_2015_en.png ) . 
  why would n't people move up there , if there 's a lot of work up north but not much in the south ? 
  i 'd normally expect language barriers to be something of a problem , but that should n't apply to people moving around inside italy . 
  it looks like italy has the most-radical regional unemployment differences of any eu member . 
  the fact that he said that he 's not even going to consider the reports from election monitors seems like a change from yesterday , when i thought that the government reported that they * would * look at them . 
  if i 'm going to just speculate : i 'd believe that it legitimately may not be a real islamic bombing . 
  * the vast bulk of [ islamist terrorist attacks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islamist_terrorist_attacks ) in europe have been suicidal or potentially-suicidal -- i believe that demonstrating that the perpetrator is willing to die is part of the point . 
  that was not the case here . 
  * letters have not been generally associated with past attacks . 
  nor have [ concrete and specific demands ] ( https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/04/12/world/europe/borussia-dortmund-explosion-bus-germany.html?referer= ) generally been made , as happened here ( and in fact , they seem unexpectedly narrow -- i 'd expect simply requiring germany to withdraw from a conflict entirely would be the aim . 
  bin laden made sweeping demands of the us , for example . ) .
