  us poultry practices are not , i 'd certainly argue , subpar . 
  they differ , but there is no intrinsic across-the-board safety benefit to the eu 's approach . 
  what the eu 's poultry industry has done is to lobby to set sanitary standards at a point other than where they are in the us -- that is , rather than seeking to limit salmonella from reaching consumers starting at the processing stage ( hence the use of chlorine in the us ) , they seek to limit it at the raising stage via a wide range of other tactics . 
  there 's no particular intrinsic benefit to this to the consumer -- that is , the only thing that matters is how many people get salmonella at the end of the day . 
  the us has a lower per-capita rate of salmonella , the major concern here :  salmonellosis is one of the most prevalent zoonotic diseases in humans . 
  in europe alone over 100,000 cases are reported each year and in the united states there are approximately 40,000 cases reported annually . 
  that 's about 20 per 1000 people in the eu , and about 12 per 1000 people in the us . 
  what that does do is ensure that us chicken ca n't be directly sold in the eu without changes to sanitary standards in the eu -- it establishes an ntb to protect eu poultry farmers . 
  this effectively transfers money from other industries and consumers in the eu to the poultry industry . 
  people in the us have the same interest in obtaining solid products -- they do n't particularly want to get sick either . 
  the eu has lower requirements for egg cleanliness than the us , for example , and accepts cheese processing that would permit through disease-causing bacteria that the us disallows . 
  but it wo n't be cases where the eu has less-restrictive standards than the us that efforts opposing ttip highlight in the eu , but those where they 're more-restrictive . 
   are you fine with bland , less hygienic but cheaper food ? 
  blandness should n't come into play here . 
  from an end user standpoint , the us food supply produces a lower rate of salmonella infection . 
  it * is * cheaper , i agree . 
  it 's not [ clear whether there 's * enough * flair ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_chqk8j6so8 ) . 
   all the federal government needs to be is a big dumb instrument to redistribute a portion of tax revenue from high growth states to low growth states . 
  foreign policy and the military is kinda important and hard to do on a per-state basis . 
  i mean , the us -- and i dunno how common this is among federations -- does have state militaries , both federalizable and non-federalizable . 
  but they are n't allowed to go wage war outside of the us independently of the rest of the federation -- either everyone goes to war or nobody does . 
  the description says that they did n't . 
  pope francis , if you could also use some of that catholic-fu to get europe to have more kids , that 'd be awesome too . 
  looks like it 's [ ahmadinejad and medvedev ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2pt4iucb8i ) , not ahmadinejad and putin . 
  i 'm also a bit dubious that the video has n't been edited . 
   the scheme would see four to six lynx wearing radio tracking devices with kielder chosen due to its dense woodland and low number of roads . 
    the trust said the animals would help control deer numbers as well provide a tourism boost . 
  i 'm not sure how much tourism four to six lynxes will draw . 
  it 's also not like they 're really into interacting with people in the wild . 
  i mean , i guess you could find pawprints in snow or mud or something ... 
  the uk will have a future . 
  i 'm in the camp that feels that the uk will be economically-worse-off outside the eu than it could have been inside , and i further think that the uk is a good influence on the eu wrt going with liberal economic policy , which i think is advantageous to the eu . 
  but the uk is n't going to crash and burn either , and if you 're on the edge of your seat waiting for that , i 'd expect that you 'll be disappointed . 
   you actually ran out with that small list and many of the countries in that list are either big primary recource exporters or have economical problems of their own . 
  especially japan is probably not a good example . 
  one thing japan is not is a big primary resource exporter . 
  also , why would n't the uk want to trade with economies that export from the primary sector ? 
   immigration has been the top one or two most important issue for people for the last 10 years or so . 
  yet it does very little . 
  intra-eu immigration ? 
  extra-eu immigration ? 
  i do n't think that it was a high priority . 
  yes . 
  i am quite sure that british leaders know that the british public does not like immigration . 
  i am also sure that british leaders do not want to do unpopular things if they do n't have to do so , and that they 'd probably be quite happy if brits had enough kids that no substantial immigration were necessary to maintain population . 
   we more than fill hole currently - by far . 
  we have a 0.8 % yearly population growth . 
  not the hole i 'm talking about -- not the total population count . 
  it takes a whole lifetime for the effects of a low birthrate to become fully visible -- your population does n't start decreasing immediately , because at one point your population was naturally growing , so the people dying out were part of a smaller generation . 
  when your peak age cohort hits maybe 70 or 80 , and your births ca n't keep up with that , then you see decline . 
  the hole 's already been blown in the population across europe , and simply has been inexorably working its way down the pipe . 
  the [ uk 's got a slightly-inverted population pyramid ] ( https://www.populationpyramid.net/united-kingdom/2015/ ) , but it 's not too bad . 
  it 's a lot better than [ germany ] ( https://www.populationpyramid.net/germany/2015/ ) or [ portugal ] ( https://www.populationpyramid.net/portugal/2015/ ) , where the being-born age cohort is about half the size of the middle-aged age cohort . 
  50 years ago , germans were still having enough children to maintain the german population -- more than enough . 
  so 50-year-olds are about the peak of the german population . 
  they 'll start * really * rapidly rapidly dying out in ~ 30 years when they hit ~ 80 or so and old age starts taking the bulk of them -- that 's when the worst declines will be visible , but then , even if germans do their damnest to start having children , it 'll take a lifetime after that for the population pyramid to entirely de-invert . 
  [ the numbers behind germany 's demographic nightmare ] ( https://qz.com/394456/the-numbers-behind-germanys-demographic-nightmare/ ) you wo n't really see germany 's population declining for another three to eight years , but then it will start declining faster and faster , as all those years of not having children start to become the dominant factor , and then even loads of immigration will be hard-put to come close to maintaining population . 
   when i hear people like you talk about actually wanting high immigration to replace the native population despite that population not wanting it , it makes me feel that the eu will never change and that it is best for the uk to get out now . 
  ( i know you are american , but i think you 're right about the way the eu leaders think ) i think that british leaders have the same concerns . 
  the uk has a history of skilled immigration policy , though , which i think is a vastly better way to implement this than pulling from a refugee pool . 
   in just one generation the eu will be majority immigrants . 
  i doubt it , if you 're talking about extra-eu immigration . 
  the current fertility hole in the eu-28 is each generation being 25 % smaller than the prior . 
  if you fill in that hole with immigration from outside the eu , it 'd take between two and three generations for the eu-28 to be majority immigrant . 
  even during the migrant crisis , the eu was n't pulling in enough people via the illegal route to make up its losses from a lack of births alone ( though maybe other sources of immigration helped ) . 
   in two or three generations its going to be unrecognisable . 
  well , that 's what , maybe sixty or ninety years ? 
  i mean , i think that europe today looks pretty unrecognizable by the standards of europe in 1927 . 
  i 'm not pushing hard for specifically immigration -- i think that the eu would be much better off covering some of the difference with a higher birthrate , because a high rate of immigration is pretty much always unpopular . 
  but even if you could somehow get europe up to a tfr of 4 until the present gap is filled , whereupon you level off at 2.1 and stabilize ... it 'd still take the children needing to be raised to working age ( another maybe 20 years ) before you can get that full effect of rising production through to being in the workforce and countering all the people leaving . 
  a whole people is a really slow ship to turn , and it 's been heading not-where-europe-wants-it for a long time now . 
  and during that period , you are gon na have an ever-increasing burden of the larger-and-larger numbers of the elderly , plus twenty years of much-larger-than-now load from raising kids and dumping resources into raising the little resource sinks . 
  so pressure from both ends on the ever-shrinking group of workers . 
  no fun . 
  if europe had built up a vast store of wealth to fund all this years back , maybe it 'd be different ( i.e. 
  maybe norway could spend the money in her kitty to avoid pain and get things turned around ) , but ... and all this is even assuming that you can sell the public on a higher fertility rate * today * . 
  has n't happened yet . 
  ask european women how enthusiastic they would be about the huge time investment required for the average woman to raise four children and whether they 'd like their old domestic role back . 
  or whether conservative family-oriented groups like the idea of the state taking over childrearing from the family . 
  or whether the childless like the idea of much heftier taxes to fund the raising of those children . 
  pulling in lots and lots of immigrants may not be ideal , especially unskilled , but you get to skip the twenty year delay and resource investment to raise 'em to get 'em into the workforce . 
   putting aside even any cultural issues , what are you going to do when ai and robotic automation takes off and you suddenly have a huge ton of unemployed youths ? 
  not worried about automation in general . 
  people have always just increased their standard of living . 
  i do n't really see any reason for that to suddenly change -- we 've mispredicted that in the past many times , so i 'm doubtful of nee predictions just on the strength of increasing productivity . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy i also do n't think that unemployment in europe today is due to a lack of work -- that is , there 's most assurredly something that people could be doing that someone else would want . 
  i do think that human-level ai will probably disrupt this to an almost unthinkable level , but i think that at that point , employment will be very low on the list of concerns from the transformative effect on society . 
  trying to make truly intelligent machines work out well for humans is [ quite likely a very hard problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friendly_artificial_intelligence ) . 
  we shall cross that bridge whenever it is that we come to it ... 
   it 's good to see that the parasites and apparatchiks that are holding the majority of us people down are shown that they are not welcome in a working class city . 
  actually , the city invited them . 
  they are welcome . 
  i would wager , on the other hand , that only a small portion of the protestors were residents local to the city . 
  there is , afaik , no country where it is impossible to own guns . 
  however , in some countries , it is under very restrictive terms . 
   signs about defending their squats in greece and other countries . 
  they support squatting ? 
  my experience is that a lot of people here appreciate polite corrections . 
  i think that if hamburg wants to host g20 , it certainly can do so . 
  i do n't see why they ca n't protest .
