  countries * do * do all this -- nafta , which is just an fta , permits for financial services , and customs unions do n't need to require members to also take more-tightly-integrated membership . 
  my guess is that the uk would accept that . 
  while this is not non-viable for the eu -- it 's on par with arrangements that other countries have signed with each other -- given that the eu is trying to use market access as a lever to get countries to join the eu , and this would give the uk most of that without any further integration requirements , i 'm not sure that the eu would be willing to do this . 
  it might also create an appealing option for some well-to-do eu members over eu membership ( the dutch ? ), 
  if you go past custom union , all you 've got left is an fta or wto rules . 
  the fta is as hard of a brexit as should happen unless the negotations are screwed up . 
  there is no reason that the uk and the eu can not find mutually-advantageous ground here . 
  imho , if the eu is willing to provide the uk with equal partnership in the customs union , not a turkey-style unequal partnership , especially if the eu is willing to offer the ability to provide financial services ( i 'm dubious that the eu will ) , that option is probably the preferable one for the uk . 
  if the eu is not willing to do that , then imho an fta makes the most sense . 
  the uk and the eu are already set up for trade between each other , and there 's no reason * not * to have that . 
  while labour and the conservatives can disagree on many things , i think that they agree that an fta is preferable to no deal . 
  i have a hard time believing that you could wind up with a situation where both sides agree that an option is preferable , yet due to playing chicken with each other , they can not manage to take the preferable option . 
  [ trump pleaded the fifth 97 times to avoid admitting to adultry ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-pleading-the-fifth_us_57ed79dee4b024a52d2de46d ) ( huffpo , sorry ) trump 's way ahead of you there , buddy . 
  what 's the basis for that ? 
  why would n't the same logic used to determine eezs between any two countries apply ? 
   one option , to fish in european waters elsewhere , was not possible , said brouckaert . 
  `` they [ the fishermen ] are used to operating on fishing grounds they know inside out , from generation to generation . '' not that there are n't arguments for it , but this seems like ... kind of a not-very-compelling argument . 
   but expecting a special relationship without the right of free movement expecting specifically * single market membership * , maybe . 
  the eu has free trade agreements with and customs union membership with other countries without free population movement . 
  i guarantee that the eu will not make free trade agreements contingent upon freedom of population movement any time soon . 
  also , way too risky . 
  this required a very narrow window of support to happen . 
  nobody was predicting this outcome . 
  also , way too complicated . 
  if you want to do something , you can come up with some kind of story to support it . 
   it 's genuinely like they do n't get that across the pond . 
  mexico ? 
   the g-7 had only been able to find common ground on a few thin statements criticizing predatory pricing or condemning overcapacity in steel production . 
  hmm . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_steel_production  china : 808.37 million metric tons/year   eu : 162.29 million metric tons/year honestly , how much steel production does the eu actually need to have guaranteed for national security purposes ? 
  i can understand supporting enough to retain what you need for national defense , but is 162 million tons actually required ? 
  also , the uk is pretty large . 
  i feel like that buys some weight -- i mean , if the same thing was happening in moldova , i really do n't think that it 'd get nearly as much attention . 
  ca n't have people following it if nobody 's submitting it . 
  there used to be mostly large , dramatic terrorist acts . 
  airplanes being bombed . 
  large-scale hostage-takings and shootings . 
  9/11 was an extreme example . 
  but the bulk of the incidents are , honestly , on par with a bad car accident . 
  and you ca n't report on all the car accidents in europe in a year . 
  so there 's a simple fact that there 's a lot of noise . 
  secondly ... the goal of terrorism is to produce * terror * . 
  it 's not to cause the actual harm from the action itself , but to leverage the reaction . 
  i 'm not sure that running around in a panic , giving massive coverage and all that is a good way to deal with that . 
  honestly , if you 're a politician and want political support , playing up fear of attacks -- as , looking back , our politicians certainly did -- is politically-useful . 
  but it arguably just encourages attacks . 
  because news about suicides produces a copycat effect ( which has been studied a number of times ) , some countires have guidelines for reporting on suicides that de-glamorizes it . 
  making an act of terrorism into a high-profile , glamorous thing , may not be a good idea if you do n't want to have acts of terrorism . 
  let 's say that there are twenty thousand active users on the sub ( that 's probably wildly conservative , but say that that 's the case ) . 
  if each person pitches in and reports bad stuff , all 20k benefit from the reporting effort of only one . 
  so if you amortize that , you should only have to deal with 1 in every 20,000 things that you do n't like . 
  that 's a pretty decent deal . 
  in all fairness , there may be some countries where there 's an honest argument for strengthening the power of torts . 
  i know that the vw exhaust situation brough up some discussion about the fact that germany does n't really have a true class-action lawsuit . 
  while i think that we 've definitely gone too far in the us on some class-action lawsuits , not having it at * all * also seems like a major drawback . 
  when a vendor causes a small amount of damage to many different people in a field that is n't worth regulating , where you want a way to create a disincentive for a one-off issue , it seems like there is legitimately room for a class-action lawsuit . 
  however , the us is globally-infamous for immense punitive damage awards , and i do n't think that the us has historically had it right either ( though we 've been moving towards tamping down on some of the problems and i think we hit most of the really bad problems ) . 
  another possibility might be , rather than hard caps , some sort of more-friendly-to-the-defendant review/appeal process ( since i 'm not convinced that punitive damages can not play a useful role ) . 
  because there was an ethnic conflict kicking off in the middle of the continent and peacekeeping and other lighter measures were n't working to tamp it down ? 
  engaging in conflict with civilian collateral damage ? 
  of course not . 
   there are economic and so-called non-economic kinds of damages . 
  pain and suffering and emotions distress would also be ` capped ' . 
  well , that 's fair enough -- that 's something being aimed for these days , though , not the reform that 's already happened . 
  it seems difficult to me to believe that you honestly think that there should be no cap . 
  for example , if a jury thinks `` hmm ... well , maybe i choose to value a death infinitely '' , it could impose an unbounded penalty . 
   which means poor people 's lives are essentially worth less than rich people 's . 
  in terms of lost wages ? 
  yes , and this is already the case . 
  the goal here isnt `` give a payout to someone '' , it 's `` compensate for a loss '' . 
  they do n't `` deserve to win the lottery '' , they deserve to have a loss dealt with . 
   or the fact that statutes of limitations of 1 year means women who 's doctor missed treatable breast cancer in 1 mammogram going back for their next year 's one with a melon sized tumour also could not sue . 
  you 're incorrect everywhere that i 'm aware of -- normally , the clock starts running at discovery . 
   if non-economic damages were arbitrarily capped , these women would basically have no recourse in the courts a cap is not zeroing it , so clearly there is recourse . 
   wonder why you think you 're in a better position to determine what the pain and suffering people suffer is worth before you know anything about their cases legislators have decided that juries are poor judges when it comes to dealing with unbounded amounts of money . 
  i 'm sorry if you do n't like that , but that 's the way it is . 
  i agree with them . 
   these are corporate talking points thought up by their paid stooges and think tanks and disseminated ad nauseum in the ( willing , also corporate owned ) media and parroted by their lackey bought politicians . 
  that 's a lot of emotionally-loaded pabst . 
   you have to be a real piece of shit to think that destroying people 's rights to seek redress for harm against them is something akin to `` reform '' . 
  it 's not destroying rights , it 's bounding it . 
  and it 's not `` akin `` to reform , it * is * reform . 
    i agree . 
  and legislators decided that members of the public have a tendency to hand out excessive punitive awards   you have no right to decide that . 
  not only do i have every basis to decide whether-or-not i agree with it , but legislators have the legal right to produce reforms . 
  and they have . 
   see this is the bullshit i 'm talking about . 
  `` efficient '' ? 
  `` efficient for whom '' ? 
  in what way ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_efficiency dumping a lot of money on the plaintiff for no reason creates a mis-incentive that is not in line with the impact on them to sue . 
  i do n't know whether it 's actually necessary to * zero * punitive damages , the way new mexico did , but i do think that there 's no real argument that the plaintiff should receive any punitive damages that are awarded . 
   how ? 
  how `` efficient '' is it for medicaid to have to pay a kid 's bills rather than the company that made him handicapped ? 
  you are shifting the goalposts . 
  nobody has proposed eliminating compensatory damages for medical bills . 
   there 's those `` externalities '' that you lot like to throw around . 
  it 's also `` efficient '' for a petro-chemical company to throw their toxic waste in a river . 
  no , pollution is a pretty classical example of a negative [ externality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) -- have an externality , and you wo n't normally wind up with an efficient outcome . 
   `` externalities '' = neoclassical economics speak for `` fuck you , its your problem now '' .
