  de gaulle : `` you 're one of the most biased people on the sub . 
  making you a mod would be disastrous . '', 
  churchill : '' ... what ? '', 
  de gaulle : `` it means no . '', 
  it is both . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe  the flag of europe , or european flag is an official symbol of two separate organizations -- the council of europe ( coe ) and the european union ( eu ) . 
  when representing the latter , it is also known as the flag of the european union . 
  once people become mods , they become joyless serfs , slogging through a sea of comments to moderate . 
  it would be an end to his commenting . 
  yeah , but on the other hand , the uk * ended * terrorism with the gfa . 
  that is , it managed to normalize a group of people that had been actively-engaged in terrorism . 
  i wonder if there could be something similar in turkey , in theory . 
   the tory party is the world 's oldest and most successful ( in terms of years in power ) political party of any democracy in the world . 
  i ca n't speak as to most-successful off-the-cuff , but on the matter of oldest : * [ conservative party ( uk ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_party_ ( uk \\ ) ) : founded : 1834 ( 183 years ago ) * [ democratic party ( us ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_party_ ( united_states \\ ) ) : founded january 8 , 1828 ; 189 years ago, 
   how else would you interpret it , and how would you ask the question to get a more reliable result ? 
  if i said `` based on germany 's actions , i can understand why someone could have something against germans -- agree or disagree ? '', 
  would you say that any person who says yes is doing so based on an underlying personal dislike of germans ? 
  is turkey 's main concern having a neighboring sovereign state established that will continue performing attacks in turkey ? 
   personally i would withdraw right now and go to tarrif battle . 
  both you and the eu are wto members and as such have already guaranteed each other most-favored-nation status . 
  you can not raise , on an individual basis , tariffs to each other . 
  you can only raise tariffs to * all * countries , with trade deals reducing within smaller blocs . 
  okay . 
  this will mean that the real negotiations happen in an office somewhere , and then there will be a suitable choreographed discussion , acted out just to sell domestic political points . 
  no congressman today really tries to convince other legislators of points in the cspan-broadcast house . 
  that 's for show : for speeches that are intended for the public . 
  real work gets carried out offline . 
  nobody wants to be trying to figure out how every one of his sentences impacts his image while he 's actually going back-and-forth about something . 
  i suppose that it might make political sense , if the public of various countries are really interested in the discussions or like the idea of transparency . 
  but the actual negotiation process ai n't gon na be visible ... and i 'd * hope * that it 's been going on for months . 
  assuming that the effect is n't dominated by other effects !, 
  let 's go a few years back , to the chechen war . 
  hypothetically , the us invades . 
  this is n't some other ssr , this is honest-to-god russia proper . 
  the us sets up camp in chechnya and says `` okay , chechens , do you want independence from russia ? 
  we 'll guarantee it . '', 
  now that the shoe is on the other foot , are you going to support that as a universal precept ? 
  this is n't another country , this is another country 's military coming in , seizing control of the territory , and slicing out part of russia if it can get that portion of russia to agree . 
  are you going to support hitler re-acquiring the sudetenland ? 
  he did exactly that . 
  what happens if some portion of your country -- especially , say , a town on a river , something that cuts off access to upstream -- gets an offer of a million dollars per person if they 're willing to secede . 
  how many towns in russia do you suppose people would sign up for an agreement like that ? 
  is * that * fair game for invasion and annexation , something that russia would have no problem with ? 
  because i remember pension promises in crimea . 
  i do n't think that russia , as a country , would support that . 
   they say that foreign companies sell products with less meat or extract , i can believe that . 
  but have they checked how local products compare ? 
  counterintuitively , no , that will tend to make things worse !, 
  the [ alchian-allen effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alchian%e2%80%93allen_effect ) means that you want to * avoid * locally-produced things if you want the highest quality . 
  the transportation cost produces an interesting phenomenon . 
   the alchian -- allen effect was described in 1964 by armen alchian and william r allen in the book university economics ( now called exchange and production [ 1 ] ) . 
  it states that when the prices of two substitute goods , such as high and low grades of the same product , are both increased by a fixed per-unit amount such as a transportation cost or a lump-sum tax , consumption will shift toward the higher-grade product . 
  this is true because the added per-unit amount decreases the relative price of the higher-grade product . 
    suppose , for example , that high-grade coffee beans are $ 3/pound and low-grade beans $ 1.50 / pound ; in this example , high-grade beans cost twice as much as low-grade beans . 
  now add a per-pound international shipping cost of $ 1 . 
  the effective prices are now $ 4 and $ 2.50 ; high-grade beans now cost only 1.6 times as much as low-grade beans . 
  this reduced ratio of difference will induce distant coffee-buyers to now choose a higher ratio of high-to-low grade beans than local coffee-buyers . 
  ( prices are illustrative only ) . 
    the effect has been studied as it applies to illegal drugs and it has been shown that the potency of marijuana increased in response to higher enforcement budgets , [ 2 ] and there was a similar effect for alcohol in the u.s. during prohibition . 
  [ 3 ]   another example is that australians drink higher-quality californian wine than californians , and vice versa , because it is only worth the transportation costs for the most expensive wine . 
  ... and so the eu instituted mandatory double-blind testing and destroyed the bulk of the world 's wine brands ... 
  i 'm not convinced that there is a problem . 
  okay , first , ordinarily in the us , and , as far as know , the world , there 's no such legal restrictions . 
  companies may change recipes for food , may re-engineer electronics devices , and may sell different types of stuff in different locations . 
  ordinarily , a company interested in selling product should sell whatever consumers in an area want . 
  so , for example , if consumers in the czech republic are more price-sensitive than those in ireland , i 'd expect more value-oriented goods to be sold there . 
  i would guess that the still-significant wealth difference among eu states might make price sensitivity differ significantly between members . 
  if that 's the case , it may be that consumers , as a whole , do not * want * more-expensive goods . 
  and that 's what my guess is the case . 
  if it turns out that consumers * do * notice a difference and value it , then i 'd expect the vendor to sell to it . 
  one example is coca-cola , where the us sugar industry has long managed to obtain protectionist trade policy and corn syrup is significantly cheaper . 
  coca-cola in the us , for a long time , has contained corn syrup as a sweetener . 
  in mexico , it had sugar . 
  someone -- and i 'm dubious that they 'd pass a double-blind test , but whatever -- decided that they could taste a difference and `` mexican coke '' was better . 
  coke shrugged its shoulders and started selling `` mexican coke '' at a premium in the us . 
  if you want to pay for it , might as well provide it . 
  i would expect this behavior to be the case among any companies . 
  it just makes sense . 
  so the fact that products differ makes me suspicious that the vendor has been gathering data on what consumers buy and has discovered that they 're actually price-sensitive and do n't have the buying preferences that they claim they do . 
  one concern i 'd have is that consumers are * wrong * about that preference , you wind up with unnecessary restrictions on production . 
  you ca n't have your vendor discover that people prefer , say , slightly-saltier packaged chicken in the south of europe , and so tune for that palate . 
  let us suppose that consumers * do * want products that are identical throughout the eu . 
  maybe they intrinsically-value things being identical , whatever . 
  a vendor could reasonably suit them by simply placing an `` identical throughout the eu '' label on the product . 
  maybe people * regularly * want this , and do n't want to look through many different manufacturer-specific labelings . 
  one possibility would be for the eu to create -- but not mandate the use of -- an `` eu-wide '' label , that only manufacturers that sell an identical product throughout the eu are legally permitted to use . 
  that would seem to address the consumer concern without unnecessarily-limiting vendors if it turns out that consumer preference * is n't * actually for identical products . 
  such a mark might : * prohibit any products that are `` confusingly-similar '' from being sold elsewhere in the eu . 
  members already need to solve this problem for trademark law ; it should be possible to reuse those standards and processes . 
  * optionally permit a year number to be placed next to the label indicating the earliest time that this product in its current formulation was sold . 
  this avoids a related problem with product reputation where a brand is established using high-quality , expensive ingredients or components , selling primarily in wealthy areas to establish a reputation , then transitions to lower-quality ingredients across-the-board once established . 
  i think that that provides a maximum amount of freedom to vendors in the eu , while still permitting the eu consumer to vote with their wallet if they want identical products . 
   finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble had warned that such deep-reaching reforms would require eu treaty changes , which were `` not realistic '' at a time when europe was hit by a surge of anti-euro populism . 
  `` there are some issues . '', 
  `` should we fix them ? '', 
  well , not any time soon . 
  after all , there are issues . '', 
   stop reading british newspapers and politicians bs ... forget the sun , bloomberg , the daily mail , farage and bojo bloomberg 's not british -- it 's michael bloomberg 's ( new york city finance , once nyc 's mayor , etc ) publication . 
  infect others , let the weak die off , improve the disease resistance inherent to the british gene pool . 
  for the greater good .
