  i do n't see the logic behind this . 
  right now , you can go to a restaurant in the uk and not get secondhand smoke . 
  if you go to a restaurant in spain , you may get secondhand smoke . 
  let 's say that the uk brexits . 
  that is n't going to cause spain to have smoke-free restaurants . 
  you 're still going to have spanish restaurants with smoke and british ones without ... but now it will be somewhat-more-annoying to go to those spanish restaurants . 
  i appreciate that there are different preferences , but at the end of the day ... let 's say that you imposed smoke-free rules on spain . 
  that 'd probably irritate the spanish more than it would make the british happy . 
  part of going to spain is going to be living in an environment with people who have different preferences ... and at the moment , smoke seems to be one of those . 
  fwiw , us rules for restaurant and public establishment smoking are also state-level and vary across the country . 
  the trend has heavily been away from smoking , but there are still places that are more-permissive than others ... and if that 's not your cup of tea , you just do n't go there . 
  this does n't really answer your question , but ... if you do n't have time for regular classes , i do n't know how much time online courses will save . 
  they might provide you with time flexibility -- like , you could study at odd hours , say . 
  or if you 're working on an oil rig or something and ca n't reach a school , it might help . 
  but at the end of the day , i do n't think that a class is going to be much faster because it 's online . 
  if it were a lot faster to take classes online , schools would just be banks of computers with people staring at them . 
  ah , thanks . 
  well , that 's pretty solid grounds for the cost difference , since ( as long as the purchases are solid and not going to disappear ) it provides a lot more room to amortize fixed costs over many units . 
  one option for the uk would be to remain in the customs union , but remain outside the single market . 
  turkey does this . 
  it 's dubious that this is very appealing to the uk , but it would be a form of brexit that is softer than wto rules or a fta . 
  * no tariffs on goods to or from the rest of the eu . 
  * in turkey 's case , services are not given any form of privileged access to or from the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't know whether the uk would want this , as providing financial services would be interesting to the uk . 
  * turkey has no ability to control tariffs on goods at all -- it must follow eu tariffs , so the eu simply tells it the terms on which it can trade with the non-eu world . 
  turkey has no input on this . 
  this is a decidedly-unsatisfactor restriction for turkey ( and in fact , i 'm surprised that turkey accepts it ) . 
  i 'm dubious that the uk would either . 
  * no freedom of movement . 
  the only real appealing bit to anyone here is that it is one of the ways to avoid having a customs border between the roi and ni , which ni and the roi want , and it eliminates freedom of movement , which much of the uk 's public wants . 
  it puts the uk in a poor position * vis-a-vis * the rest of the eu , and i 'm dubious that the uk would accept this . 
  in fact , i understand that there 's been some rumblings from turkey about it . 
  afaict , voting thresholds to get seats are pretty common in europe 's pr systems -- they are n't as `` strong '' a restriction as fptp , but they do serve something of a similar effect in making it hard for challenging parties to get into power . 
  the threshold might be , say , 5 % instead of the effective 25 % in fptp , but it is there . 
  you guys debate like crazy in the hoc ... 
  we already have more irish than ireland does !, 
  in the us ? 
  we have low voter turnout in part because of our voting system . 
  for better-or-for-worse , it 's the president that 's the interesting horse race for most people , and because we 're using winner-take-all voting , many states are not really contested in the presidential race . 
  if i live in utah , my votes are going to support the republican candidate , and if i live in california , my votes are going to support the democratic candidate . 
  i do n't think that that indicates * apathy * . 
  i think that that 's just people acting rationally based on the ability of their vote to have an impact . 
  and given how much people are yelling at each other on , say , / r/politics compared to / r/europe , i 'm not sold that people just do n't care . 
  i mean , they seem to often be quite invested . 
  we also do n't have mandatory voting , and election day is not a holiday -- and all of these are factors that will tend to reduce turnout . 
  i mean , it 's * theorizing * , but i think that we 've had meaningful discussions on here about what might happen -- about the irish border issues , comparing them to sweden/norway . 
  about turkey-style and norway-style arrangements . 
  about fishing rights . 
  about legal requirements . 
  sure , we have to make some assumptions , but we can really talk about what might happen . 
  but this article was n't doing that . 
  :-( i do n't read everything on politico , but a fair number of politco articles do get submitted here , and that was really the most-objectionable that i think that i 've read ... 
  well , the goal of politicians , especially in a two-party environment , is to get people * hating * the other party . 
  they put a lot of effort and resources into it . 
  if they 're successful , people probably do have emotion tied up with their views of that party . 
  that 's always disadvantageous for the big two parties in an fptp system . 
  both the conservative and the labour party will be opposed , and one will only accept a deal that might change it if : * they believe that they are about to permanently lose their big two status . 
  * they believe that a challenger that wants to change it will not succeed ( i.e. 
  the conservative party believed that they could let the liberal democrats have a vote , because they did not believe that it would go through ) . 
  both of the big two are pretty secure at the moment , so the situation point does n't apply . 
  and they do n't need a pr-supporting party in coalition . 
  snp does n't need pr , because they 're a regional party . 
  so it really comes down to ld , which nobody needs in coalition , getting a referendum , entering coalition , and then one of the big two gambling wrong on whether ld can get the referendum through . 
  also , regardless of the merits of pr versus fptp , i do n't think that it 'd change much of anything on brexit . 
  there was a referendum on brexit . 
  and i do n't see any reason that pr would be better at producing stable governments than fptp -- you could still wind up with the same situation that is present here . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  name a historical instance of a party honestly throwing an election because it was going to have to do negotiations on an unpopular topic . 
  control of the government is the whole point all these people work towards . 
  there are a lot of ways to diffuse blame , and this would have been important in setting the direction for the party . 
  if tory mps are n't upset with the situation , they 're going through one very extensive and elaborate act . 
  the whole joke was pretty much in the headline . 
  i do n't want to figure out what 25 % of the articles on my page are jokes . 
  ordinarily , when you go to a satirical news source , you 're going there * expecting satire * . 
  if you 're on a news aggregator site , you are n't ( and probably do n't have a memorized list of every satire site out there ) . 
  mix in politically-biased sources , maybe some propaganda , some just-plain-wrong sources , and trying to identify the joke articles is just a pain . 
  how critical is the german election ? 
  i mean , obviously germany and france have clout . 
  but they 're still a minority of the eu , and there 's always * someone * having elections : if an election meant that negotiations could n't happen , nobody could ever negotiate . 
  further , my understanding is that the german leadership is on pretty firm ground . 
  sure . 
  as long as the eu-27 and the uk both agree that they want to terminate the process , they are free to do so . 
  it 's just that any political division that 's arisen during the processs or any promises made will form a political barrier . 
  i 'd assume that the political barrier is bigger in the uk . 
  to reverse the referendum without it being political suicide , you 'd need a shift in public opinion and a second referendum . 
  polls on the question of a second referendum have not been very encouraging . 
  `` toe the party line '' i do n't know about fptp systems . 
  it is common here , but our system has weaker party discipline than the uk . 
  i 'm not sure that it is an intrinsic property of fptp . 
  i had assumed that the goal behind calling it after the a50 invocation instead of before was to avoid efforts by parties to convert the ge into a second referendum on brexit . 
  more to the point , though -- it 's in both eu and uk interests to obtain a negotiated agreement , because there 's more commonality-of-interest than `` nothing '' . 
  you ca n't let a state extend the time , because it could be abused , but i think that it 's pretty clear that this is n't playing a stalling game . 
  one possibility would be the eu proffering an extension and the uk accepting . 
  i think that actually works in both their favor . 
  the uk is n't committing to new programs , but * is * paying for programs as long as the uk is in the eu , so just having the uk in the eu for longer resolves some of the `` pay this bill '' / `` no , i wo n't '' dispute in the direction that the eu wants , and avoids time pressures that would have been problematic for the uk . 
  i disagree on the us , and i suspect that this is not true for the uk , either . 
  there is a real [ rally ` round the flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rally_%27round_the_flag_effect ) effect when facing a threat -- after 9/11 , bush got overwhelming support from everyone , despite having not really * done * anything . 
  i do n't think that the british electorate perceived the brexit negotiations as a threat . 
  ukip is n't an option -- they do n't have any seats . 
  she 's got two choices : * tories do n't have a government * coalition with dup the second choice seems a lot more sensible to me .
