  [ 7 ] [ 8 ]   however , guisan 's and switzerland 's main strategy was deterrence rather than fighting , and germany never risked invasion . 
  on 20 august 1945 , [ 9 ] general guisan left his command , considering his mission to be fulfilled . 
  these are legitimate occasions where an armed citizenry formed a meaningful deterrence to an invading army . 
   everyone would be up in arms . 
  not after this goes through , they wo n't !, 
   tanks , aircraft missiles , drones ( ? ), 
  and the rest . 
  but the local farmer with his semi automatic is going to save the day . 
  heh ... except for the missiles and drones , that was pretty much what happened last time . 
   i do n't see why americans need to shove their asses into this thread about european laws . 
  it 's an interesting policy discussion that relates to security , state/confederation authority , and response to terrorism , and this forum covers all of them . 
  if you 're trying to draw a parallel with non-swiss countries promoting a law in switzerland , i do n't think that that holds up well . 
  i 've certainly no dispute with people arguing that switzerland should engage in such a ban . 
  on the other hand , the united states is not trying to leverage trade or other political clout to force germany to pass permissive gun law when the public does not want it , and i 'd object to it doing so . 
   your gun laws have clearly worked out for you , have n't they ?? 
  yes . 
   they literally have a gun for every citizen , statistically speaking . 
  slightly more than that . 
  also , that 's just privately-owned arms . 
  eh , it 's at least two generations removed from wwii now . 
  dude , you may not be doing intentionally , but you 're punching a straw man . 
  people call police in switzerland , finland , the us and so forth too when possible . 
  you ca n't equate the right to bear arms with society ending . 
  glad to make your acquaintance !, 
  i have a dream of a world in which the heavy chains of society are finally shattered and two heavily-armed men can make passionate love . 
  i think this could be better-phrased `` the swiss do n't have a problem and do n't want to change their law , so what 's the basis for asking them ti do so ... should n't one give the * status quo * the benefit of the doubt if it 's working fine '' ? 
   they do the same with intelligence and surveillance laws . 
  the netherlands has seen some draconian surveillance reforms in the past months , because of the increasing ` terrorist threat ' . 
  this was us post-9 / 11 . 
  plus everyone using terrorism as a justification for budget requests , no matter how unrelated . 
   we as a society have progressed from point a , to today 's point b. 
  expecting gun laws to remain static i think that his point is that he 's not asking for czech gun laws to be left alone , but swiss . 
  i think that you 'd be hard-put to find any product that has a purpose of murder . 
  you do n't want people running around with semi-autos in switzerland , or you 're worried about the prospect of cross-border trade in them ? 
  i mean , the `` you ca n't make the world a padded cell to stop terrorism '' point is legit . 
  this has more to do with countries in europe having different norms and deciding whether this is a confederation-level issue or a state-level issue . 
  perhaps the same loophole could be used by other countries ? 
  i think that you 're gon na get about as much traction with that as telling people with cars that they do n't need them because they could pay for a taxi ride instead . 
  i will bet that with the uk out , within a few years there will be a new much-less-tightly-connected-than-the-eu association involving the uk , switzerland , norway , ( and maybe iceland ? ), 
  two tier europe ... just outside of brussels . 
  then the question becomes whether the eu can leverage scale to sell the eu as an appealing place to be for really wealthy countries in the long run . 
  would n't it be better to give switzerland a voice on schengen , since it 's a member ? 
  the `` you comply but have no input '' things seem fragile and likely to lead to exactly this sort of situation , where people get legislation handed to them that they do n't like , and maybe wind up leaving . 
  part of the reason for having votes is to make sure that nothing too onerous goes through and ensure that people feel invested in the system . 
  i do n't really understand the several european structures where `` second-class '' members simply have to do what the first-class members say , like turkey in the eea and switzerland in schengen . 
  sure , maybe you can leverage eu clout to force them to unhappily accept the status , but does the resulting institution work better ? 
  the only thing i can think of is that maybe the eu is trying to use it as training wheels to get countries to join the eu , hoping that eventually they say `` well , this situation kind of sucks . 
  i should just join the eu instead and get input on something that i 've become accustomed to . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/firearms_policy_in_the_united_kingdom#gun_control_legislation_in_the_united_kingdom has a legislative history of the uk 's gun restrictions . 
  it does n't support the `` best armed '' bit , but typically it is well-to-do nations that can afford firearms , and the uk was [ exceedingly well-to-do ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_divergence#/media/file%3amaddison_gdp_per_capita_1500-1950.svg ) for much of that time :  the bill of rights restated the ancient rights of the people to bear arms by reinstating the right of protestants to have arms after they had been illegally disarmed by james ii . 
  it follows closely the declaration of rights made in parliament in february 1689 . 
  [ 63 ] the bill of rights text declares that `` that the subjects which are protestants may have arms for their defence suitable to their conditions and as allowed by law '' . 
  [ 64 ]    `` whereas the late king james the second , by the assistance of divers evil counsellors , judges , and ministers , employed by him , did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the protestant religion , and the laws and liberties of this kingdom . . ( b ) y assuming and exercising a power of dispensing with and suspending of laws , and the execution of laws , without consent of parliament ... ( b ) y causing several good subjects , being protestants , to be disarmed , at the same time when papists were both armed and employed contrary to law ... ( a ) ll which are utterly and directly contrary to the known laws and statutes and freedom of this realm ... the said lords spiritual and temporal and commons , pursuant to their respective letters and elections , being now assembled in a full and free representative of this nation , taking into their most serious consideration the best means for attaining the ends aforesaid , do in the first place ( as their ancestors in like case have usually done ) , for the vindicating and asserting their ancient rights and liberties , declare , ... that the subjects which are protestants may have arms for their defence , suitable to their condition , and as allowed by law . 
    the rights of english subjects and , after 1707 , british subjects , to possess arms was recognised under english common law . 
  sir william blackstone 's commentaries on the laws of england , were highly influential and were used as a reference and text book for english common law . 
  in his commentaries , blackstone described the right to arms . 
  [ 65 ]    the fifth and last auxiliary right of the subject , that i shall at present mention , is that of having arms for their defence , suitable to their condition and degree , and such as are allowed by law . 
  which is also declared by the same statute i w. & m. st. 2 . 
  and is indeed a public allowance , under due restrictions , of the natural right of resistance and self-preservation , when the sanctions of society and laws are found insufficient to restrain the violence of oppression . 
    formerly , this same british common law applied to the uk and australia , and until 1791 to the colonies in north america that became the united states . 
  the defuncy applicable right to keep and bear arms had originated in england during the reign of henry ii with the 1181 assize of arms , and developed as part of common law . 
    after the jacobite rebellions of 1715 and 1745 , harsh laws providing , amongst other things , for disarming the highlands of scotland , were enacted by the parliament of great britain : the disarming acts of 1716 and 1725 , and the act of proscription 1746 . 
    the first british firearm controls were introduced as part of the vagrancy act 1824 , which was set up in a reaction against the large number of people roaming the country with weapons brought back from the napoleonic wars . 
  it allowed the police to arrest `` any person with any gun , pistol , hanger [ dagger ] , cutlass , bludgeon or other offensive weapon ... with intent to commit a felonious act '' . 
  it was followed by the night poaching act 1828 and night poaching act 1844 , the game act 1831 , and the poaching prevention act 1862 , which made it an offence to shoot game illegally by using a firearm . 
    the gun licence act 1870 was created to raise revenue . 
  it required a person to obtain a licence to carry a gun outside his own property for any reason . 
  a licence was not required to buy a gun . 
  the licences cost 10 shillings ( equivalent to about # 31 in 2005 ) , lasted one year and could be bought over the counter at post offices . 
    the pistols act 1903 was the first to place restrictions on the sale of firearms . 
  titled `` an act to regulate the sale and use of pistols or other firearms '' , it was short , with just nine sections , and applied solely to pistols . 
  it defined a pistol as a firearm whose barrel did not exceed 9 in ( 230 mm ) in length and made it illegal to sell or rent a pistol to anyone who could not produce a current gun licence or game licence , were exempt from the gun licence act , could prove that they planned to use the pistol on their own property , or had a statement signed by a police officer of inspector 's rank or above or a justice of the peace to the effect that they were about to go abroad for six months or more . 
  the act was more or less ineffective , as anyone wishing to buy a pistol commercially merely had to purchase a licence on demand over the counter from a post office before doing so . 
  in addition , it did not regulate private sales of such firearms . 
  and after that , a long string of increasingly-restrictive bans and disarmament efforts , typically happening right after some sort of crime committed with a gun was in the news and political capital was at its greatest . 
  what about passing an update to the amendment to the directive that relaxes the objectionable bits ? 
  i mean , what part of the eu treaties does it violate ? 
  well , the improper deactivation issue did address a real issue , and nobody was complaining about that -- gun advocates are n't going to say `` we need more badly-deactivated firearms '' . 
  the other stuff , though , was just someone 's policy wishlist jammed in at an opportune time . 
  i think that it 's a real waste of political capital -- i do n't think that people in , say , romania are delighted that people in switzerland have had their gun laws changed in a way that they do n't like , but i 'm sure that there are furious swiss . 
  when i saw complaints about eu overregulation , they seemed in the past to be unreasonable , things that people could only really complain about because they were looking for a reason to complain about the eu . 
  banana curve , pillows , hair dryers , etc. 
  nobody was really hurt aside from `` change '' and there were some justifications that no reasonable person would be like to complain much about . 
  but the restrictions on firearms are the first time where i 'd be really upset if i were in the eu . 
  regulating culture is expensive in terms of political capital , and even if this were a good idea , it seems very low on the list of things that would make the eu a better place . 
  i mean , you guys have different laws on drugs , and you do n't seem to feel the need to make portugal re-criminalize drugs ... so concerns about unifying gun law to avoid a hypothetical gun getting across the border seems pretty weak . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think that his fiascos were pretty minimal and handled well , that he put up a dignified and competent face to the world ( he was bookended by trump and bush , who are probably the least-effective orators we 've had ) . 
  i ca n't think of one major policy error he made . 
  no , he 's serious . 
  he 's quite angry about the eu anti-gun directive and its effects on switzerland , and has written about it in the past . 
  frankly , i would be too . 
  and i think that it 's overbroad and will make people in countries that tend to conflict with it unhappy . 
  from their standpoint , there 's no problem , and they are n't trying to force people in countries with restrictive firearm law to make their laws more-permissive ... so why are those people trying to make permissive laws more-restrictive ? 
   nobody is arguing for us style gun freedom . 
  well , actually ... 
  i mean , the slovakian thing sounded like a legit policy fix -- it 's just that people who wanted more firearm restrictions piggybacked a political opportunity to ram through their pet policy wants . 
  i 'm not enthusiastic , but this is pretty much par for the course -- it 's not a radical change unique to trump . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada%e2%80%93united_states_softwood_lumber_dispute this has been happening off-and-on since the the 1980s . 
  hmm .
