  i thought that about the far-older alexander the great , macedonia , fyrom , and greece , but apparently the echoes of history never quite stop ... 
  wikipedia says [ that westphalia has native garb ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/westphalian_%28german%29_ladies_peasant_costume.jpg ) . 
  i guess that the us could use jeans and a t-shirt , but honestly , that 's kind of gone too international to really be very specific to the us any more . 
  dang , the norwegians are leprechauns ... 
  [ iceland 's considered part of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe ) . 
  you may be thinking of greenland , which is considered part of north america . 
   france is held up as core to the proposal but there is not a single quote from a french politician in the article . 
  the article specifically says that france has shown no signs of interest yet :  but france has shown no willingness to share its weapons , much less put them under a joint european command . 
  i 'm not seeing any conflict with the article . 
   washed-up former polish prime minister i would think that his significance would be less in having been a pm in the past , and more in heading pis , which controls poland at the moment . 
  onwards , into the * second dimension * !, 
   [ born and raised in the austrian empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikola_tesla ) , tesla ... 
  this is , in fact , what all austrians normally wear . ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i mean , i 'm not saying that there is n't stress and all that involved in switching fields . 
  there is -- i do n't want to trivialize it . 
  it 's not like there 's a lot of guidance into what 's reasonable and how to do this , and you 're not following a well-worn path the way people do when going to school , going through higher education , hitting a job , etc. 
  it 'd be interesting to have some sort of wiki on people used as experts by sputnik , rt , and all the usual sources . 
  [ michel chossudovsky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michel_chossudovsky ) is a real ( retired for some years ) professor who runs globalresearch . 
  one of his books , * towards capitalist restoration ? 
  chinese socialism after mao * , is essentially complaining that china has capitalists that are letting the marxist revolution fail , for example . 
  anyway , his site has been the source of about two decades of headlines like : * the collapse of the european union : return to national sovereignty and to happy europeans ? 
  * corruption in the european union : scandals in banking , fraud and secretive ttip negotiations : * eu corruption has historically taken a wide range of forms demonstrated so vividly with successive scandals in banking , tax avoidance , a host of malpractice and fraud cases to secretive ttip negotiations that circumvents public interest needs . 
  the result is that public support for the eu has been seriously undermined with 70 per cent of europe 's population believing corruption is now centred on politics and corporations . 
  * * germany 's dominant role in the european union : * after nearly a quarter of a century since the fall of the wall , berlin has become the uncontested centre of the continent in both political and economic terms . 
  only in military aspects is the reunited powerhouse of europe curbing its expansionist instincts or zeal ( yet with washington 's benign consent it is now flexing its military muscles in afghanistan and on the syrian -- turkish border in quest of a much wider geo-political lebensraum . 
  * : germany today effectively runs the european union . 
  its strength is daunting to some eu states like greece , which is almost under an occupation like puppet regime , and very worrisome to former foes now close strategic allies in the u.k. and france . 
  france looks warily at berlin and london increasingly seeks to withdraw from merkel 's eu , leaving germany to make use of its free reign on the european playground , while advancing national interests on a continental scale . 
  * the nice terror attack : towards a permanent state of martial law in france ? 
  brings to mind `` operation gladio '' : * commentators who have learned to distrust official explanations , such as peter koenig and stephen lendman have raised questions about the nice attack . 
  it does seem odd that a lone person driving a large truck can gain access to blocked off areas where french people have assembled to watch the fireworks of bastille day . 
  it also seems odd that the event is branded a terrorist one when the alleged perpetrator 's family says that he was not at all religious and had no religious motivation . 
  * * video : the european union : part of america 's imperial project i mean , you can go dig up the site 's history -- it 's been doing this sort of stuff since since 2001 ( though back then , it was mostly just anti-us and anti-nato stuff ) . 
  all crap along the `` europe , do n't trust germany , europeans , do n't trust your leaders , americans , do n't trust your leaders , europeans , do n't trust americans , europeans and americans do n't trust your news media '' , etc line of crap . 
  and if you go do a google site : < sitename  globalresearch search on rt , sputniknews , pravda , they 've got gobs of articles , off there as well , often citing the guy as a `` canadian economics professor at the university of ottowa '' . 
   i also love your little rhetorical technique of `` they 're not racist !, 
  look , economic concerns ! '', 
  i 'd say that economic concerns tend to * produce * racism , to be honest . 
  if you look back at us history , whenever you had a flood of immigrants from somewhere come all at once , you typically had objections from workers directly-competing wherever they were coming * and * racism spring up , which then fades as the period of immigration passes . 
  whether it was the feckless irish or the bucktoothed japanese or whatever mattered at the time ... 
   expecting someone to change their lifelong field of work to something wildly different is just ridiculous . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  the automobile shows up and takes over . 
  you shoe horses . 
  should the government block use of automobiles to ensure a shoeing industry continues ? 
  and let 's even say that you think that it should somehow subsidize you . 
  if you create protectionism for horseshoe-fitters -- i.e. 
  establish a `` car tax '' , say -- then you are n't just creating incentive for them to remain in the industry . 
  you 're creating incentive for younger people to set off into the same zombie industry that should have died , perpetuating the problem . 
  if you want to say that there 's an externality in a lack of effective retraining , i might be willing to talk about that , say . 
  but if someone 's answer is `` keep this industry that is n't needed staggering on '' , my response is `` that does a terrible job of addressing the problem that you 're trying to address '' . 
   that the target countries are heavy pollutants is an undesirable side-effect and i would fully support enforcing the same levels of environmental regulations the first world abides by in those places as well . 
  unless that pollution crosses national borders ( e.g. 
  carbon emissions ) , my take is that that 's an issue for the country in question to place a value on . 
  there 's no real reason for country a to say `` this is where i value the cost of pollution x , and i also expect everyone else to take the same value '' . 
  country a should only determine how much pollution harms * it * and put a price on * that * for the externality to be eliminated vis-a-vis country a 's purchasing . 
  let 's say that another country b says , for example , `` we do n't care much about creating slag '' . 
  all right , then that 's their lookout . 
  if b is undervaluing the cost , then b is simply sending real wealth to a. 
  if b is too low , then b is also the one country with an incentive to fix that -- a 's involvement is not necessary . 
  if b has a better estimate than a , then we definitely want b to have the option to make their bid . 
  if b develops a new technology or process that reduces the impact of that pollution , then we want b to be able to make their lower offer immediately , without lobbying for a to change some sort of tax on the pollution . 
  further , if you do start to create that kind of regulation , companies need to expose a lot of their production process to the outside world ( which they may consider a proprietary secret ) . 
  and you create a structure susceptible to abuse by particular industries . 
  you want countries only to try to internalize externalities that affect * them * . 
  i 'm not at all convinced that trump is nearly as devoted to protectionism as the image he creates . 
  trump is very light on the specifics of what-all he wants to do , and has many times left himself gaping loopholes . 
  for example , `` i am going to end nafta , * or at least renegotiate it * . '', 
  the idea of updating nafta is nothing new or particularly objectionable . 
  trump completely avoided giving any fine details there , and thus the most-reasonable interpretation is `` he will simply do the already-planned update '' . 
  further , the `` rage against trade to give the impression of supporting protectionism and then promptly turn around and do the opposite '' has been a not-uncommon feature of gop politics . 
  ron paul , for example , supports very open trade policy , but will regularly say `` nafta must go ! '', 
  he just follows it up with a quieter , less-emphasized `` because it 's not free enough '' . 
  same deal with the wall . 
  what trump voters * want * is protectionism in the labor market eliminating mexican workers . 
  a wall is a wildly-ineffective way of doing that , compared to things like a mandatory national id , harsher sentences for illegal employment , or random checks . 
  however , it makes for a glorious , highly-visible symbol . 
  bush made the same promises and constructed some wall along the border too . 
  the democrats have their own set of jangly keys to get people excited before whisking them out of reach . 
  promising amnesty for illegal immigrants and then * just * falling short of the number of votes required or * just * not managing to fit the proposal into congress has been business as usual , for example . 
  if trump were seriously protectionist , i 'd have expected him to have a plan with a lot of explicit implementation available . 
  he has n't -- instead , he 's worked to keep himself in the news railing against trade while not taking substantive action . 
  while i do not much like trump , and certainly the kinds of things that he is willing to say is outside the norm , i am not at all convinced that he is mostly unusual in how he markets himself than on policy . 
  is he dishonest , rude , and divisive ? 
  yeah . 
  is he likely to adopt trade policy radically different from what the gop normally advocates for ? 
  i would bet against that . 
   you totally have the resources and natural ability to just learn a completely new skillset and out compete people much younger and better than you to re-enter the job market . 
  you will not need to be be unemployed . 
  you may be at a disadvantage relative to someone who entered the field from the start , but not permanently unable to do something useful . 
   it 's what a total idiot would do . 
  ignorant , maybe , but not an idiot . 
  our public education system , k-12 , does n't teach economics at all . 
  unless you went out and grabbed some textbooks yourself , you probably would n't be able to realistically say that a lot of things that trump gas said simply do n't make a lot of sense . 
  i mean , i ca n't diagnose medical issues that a doctor can . 
  does that make me an idiot ? 
  the nazis also , as i understand it , primarily drew support from rural areas . 
  a scatterplot comparing the two might be interesting . 
  might also be that people have moved out of low-employment areas into surrounding areas . 
  not in the sense that the uk would cease to exist , but in the sense that the eu 's presence is a huge factor in what the uk does going forward .
