  sure , but then it 's just trying to approximate a tax on assets . 
  and if you do that , it seems strange to use lvt instead of property tax ( which * is * widely-used , though not , oddly-enough , in the uk ) . 
  lvt just excludes assessing tax on improved assets that you build on the land -- if i store my capital by buying a chunk of land , then i am taxed , but if i store it by building a valuable building on the land , then i am not . 
  i am not really familiar with the history of lvt , but my bet is that it probably arose as a popular idea some time back when society was agricultural . 
  once you get enough labor to farm the land , the limiting factor becomes land ownership . 
  land is the important capital good , the `` thing of value that can produce more value '' . 
  and so ideas of land redistribution and land taxation are very interesting , since those are the mechanisms that would restructure society . 
  but today , most people are n't storing their wealth in land . 
  a miniscule sector of advanced economies comes from agriculture . 
  rather , it 's human labor that is again the bottleneck , not the land . 
  you can double the height of a building in any city on earth , and double its income-generating potential . 
  so , basically , for the goal that you 're aiming for , i 'd ask why you would n't use a property tax rather than an lvt . 
  my second question is whether , if your goal is a wealth tax , you think that the wealthy would not simply move their assets elsewhere than land . 
  mind , in some countries , like the uk , i think that there might be a good argument for providing access to more land . 
  but it does n't wind up taxing the wealthy if the wealthy simply go invest in a company in spain instead . 
  no , if what you wanted was to tax the wealthy on their assets , then i 'd think that you 'd want a capital gains tax , since it 's capital gains that generates most of the wealth of the well-to-do . 
  disagree . 
  erdogan uses islam as a political tool , sure , but there 's nothing unique to islam . 
  us presidents use christianity to appeal to voters . 
  the taliban might be defined by islam . 
  with erdogan , if it was n't islam , i expect that it 'd just be something else . 
  i 'd say : * low information voters . 
  * government control of media . 
  * lack of skepticism of powerful leaders . 
  * an internal security threat . 
  * the willingness of the party to take extreme measures to ensure future dominance . 
  ... are the magic ingredients . 
  oh , i 'm all for for talking about it -- i mean , it 's interesting -- but saying that you would n't offer a german asylum in 2045 because of what someone did a century ago seems kinda unreasonable . 
   everything in the universe is a random variable with a certain probability distribution function . 
  there is no such thing like an average human , or in this example , an average german . 
  conclusion does not follow . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not familiar with the lvt-increases-median-income argument , and google does n't turn anything up . 
  do you have a pointer ? 
  i have no data , but i will strongly bet that the british pensioners who go to live abroad were quite unlikely relative to british pensioners as a whole to support leave . 
  what effects are you seeking to obtain via replacing income tax with lvt ? 
  well , the outcome will be an interesting data point for countries down the line , at any rate . 
  i 'm pretty sure that syrians , eritreans , afghanis , pakistanis and nigerians were n't running the ottoman empire . 
  also ... hell , dude . 
  that was , what , a century ago ? 
   so the * readers * actually like and want those posts . 
  `` we 're here to preserve democracy , not to practice it . '', 
  -- * crimson tide *, 
  it 's worked for him so far . 
  i do n't see why nato should be different . 
  i 'd be * estatic * if he stepped down . 
  what 's your preferred alternative ? 
  needs a `` joke '' or `` comedy '' tag added by the mods . 
  i 'm not going to opine on whether-or-not hillary would have been an effective president . 
  what i 'm getting at is that she was not able to beat trump in the campaign , in the environment that existed . 
  whether-or-not it 's optimal or even fair may be an open issue , but one thing is clear -- the person must be able to win in a campaign . 
  hillary was n't able to do that . 
  now , should we seek to stop russian computer break-ins ? 
  hell yes . 
  would it be a good idea to restructure things ( say , move to a voting system that tends towards * three * parties to decrease the value that negative campaigning has in a two-party system ) ? 
  maybe . 
  but all that is independent of the fact that the democratic party could pull from a theoretical pool of probably hundreds of millions of people and could use a war chest of what was about $ 1.3 billion dollars in hillary 's campaign and still could n't manage to find a candidate and convince voters that they 'd be a better option as president than trump . 
  this is n't the first rodeo for either the democrats ( 189 years old ) or the republicans ( 163 years old ) . 
  they fight immense numbers of political campaigns each year in the us . 
  they both have a long and extensive history of utilizing all sorts of less-than-pleasant political tricks . 
  given the resources available to them , they may be the two toughest organizations in human history in terms of managing to sell a person to the public . 
  the democratic party is no shrinking maid on her wedding night . 
  they know the score . 
  and given all that ... they * still * could not come up with a candidate and campaign who could beat someone who was explicitly considered a joke candidate early on . 
  so , yes , i * do * consider the democrats responsible as well . 
  they have a responsibility to get a candidate and successfully sell that candidate , and if a candidate ca n't handle the campaigning , to not have them on the democratic ticket . 
  is trump a pretty unimpressive candidate ? 
  yeah . 
  but you only get an unimpressive candidate if both parties fail to put forward an impressive one and do a good job of selling them . 
  on that point , over here , she 'd be a lefty , trying to move the death sentence to life imprisonment . 
  seriously , though , i do n't get why life imprisonment is something you see as far-right . 
  [ most countries permit life imprisonment ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:lifesentencemapnew.svg#mw-jump-to-license ) ( maybe not without the possibility of parole ... ), 
  it 's [ about the middle of the range for france ] ( http://www.econstats.com/weo/v027.htm ) , which always has high unemployment levels . 
  it would be very bad for , say , the us , but this is n't the us . 
  not good , but even if that 's the case , the numbers do n't look large enough to have swung the vote . 
  i mean , might be an issue to fix in the future , but it also should n't affect the validity of the vote . 
   free houses i do n't think that people are getting ownership of houses ( maybe i 'm wrong ? ), 
  but rather free housing . 
  however , without providing housing , you will have homeless people and shantytowns showing up in european cities , which is n't fantastic . 
   free money well , the money is at least * intended * to be spent on necessities like food , so that if someone gets desperate , they wo n't be off mugging someone for money . 
  furthermore , in order to stop doing this without violating treaties , european countries would need to withdraw from the refugee convention -- it states that refugees ( at least once they 've been granted refugee status ) must be given the same amount of welfare normally provided . 
   citizenships this is an interesting point . 
  i think that it is the prospect of citizenships that may have driven brexit -- countries can choose to not let refugees in ( and many are n't impacted as-is ) , but once a refugee gets citizenship ( usually , as i understand it , something that may be applied for after four to five years of legal residence ) , other countries can not . 
  unlike the above points , there is no treaty that i 'm aware of that would restrict removing the prospect of citizenship . 
  however , in the long term , it * would * run the risk of creating quasi-stateless `` non-citizen '' groups , like i believe many of the romani are . 
  granting citizenship also encourages integration , and it is precisely lack of integration that i think many people are concerned about . 
  i 've no interest in deflecting criticism of trump . 
  i think that trump is amazingly embarrassing . 
  i 'm saying that he did not wind up in office solely because the republican party did a lousy job . 
  the us is n't going to overthrow erdogan because he had some referendum that went through that makes him an autocrat . 
  if turks who do n't like erdogan are hoping for help in that form , i 'd advise them to hit the streets and start campaigning , because it 's not gon na show up . 
  i would be * astounded * if any eu member takes a different position . 
  sure , not saying that they 're identical . 
  i 'm just saying that if your concern is the integrity of the eu , that 's not a good first-round result : any second round result winds up with the eu at risk . 
  he and le pen are the only candidates who may take france out of the eu . 
   melenchon is surfing on the same wave with corbyn or sanders : old politician that did not follow the liberalization of his party , rehashing the good old demand dogmas as formulated by kaynes . 
  hmm . 
  if melenchon is advocating for keynesian policy , then should n't he advocate for counter-cyclical spending and hence austerity in good times ? 
   anyways , we need an union where the humans worth more than banks and money . 
  i dunno about banks , but venezuela has definitely achieved that with its currency ...
