   zeit campus online : what is it that the younger generation likes about front national ? 
    chauvel : especially in areas outside the large cities like paris , front national offers young people opportunities to advance in politics . 
  okay , great , for a few people in the party . 
  but presumably zeit is asking why people vote for fn , not why they become active within the party . 
  in the us south , malaria had been a major problem in the summer . 
  sub-saharan africa has [ long since paid the price ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sickle-cell_disease ) for malaria resistance . 
  [ in the american south , non-africans had a nasty habit of dying in summer ] ( http://www.malaria.com/blog/american-plasmodium-vivax ) :  since , according to mann , no human malaria had been present in the americas prior to columbus ' arrival , native indian people were highly susceptible to these diseases , and either died or were incapacitated and unable to work while infected . 
  similarly , while some of the contracted servants brought from europe may have been exposed to p. vivax in their home regions , and thus had some measure of acquired immunity , they fell like flies before the highly pathogenic p. falciparum species . 
    africans , conversely , were exposed to p. falciparum as children in africa and if they survived , were awarded a level of protection . 
  moreover , a high proportion of people from west and central africa possess one or more of a group of genetic mutations , the best-known of which is the duffy negative phenotype , which makes the carrier almost completely resistant to p. vivax malaria . 
    as a result , in the newly-malarial fields and marshlands of what is now the american south , plantation owners rapidly ran out of native indian slaves and indentured european labourers became financially unviable . 
  the solution ? 
  bring in a group of people resistant to the diseases decimating your other workers . 
  and thus , in part , was borne the horrifying trans-atlantic slave trade , bringing malaria-resistant west and central africans to live and die on the plantations in the american south , in a divided society that would persist for over three centuries . 
  [ quinine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quinine ) being an effective anti-malarial helped :  it was the first effective treatment for malaria caused by plasmodium falciparum , appearing in therapeutics in the 17th century . 
  it remained the antimalarial drug of choice until the 1940s , when other drugs , such as chloroquine , that have fewer side effects replaced it . 
  since then , many effective antimalarials have been introduced , although quinine is still used to treat the disease in certain critical circumstances , such as severe malaria , and in impoverished regions , due to its low cost . 
  quinine is also present ( in minute quantities ) in various beverages . 
  it is a white crystalline alkaloid . 
    quinine also played a significant role in the colonization of africa by europeans . 
  quinine had been said to be the prime reason africa ceased to be known as the `` white man 's grave '' . 
  a historian has stated , `` it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa '' . 
  [ 41 ] malaria was eradicated from the us between 1947 and 1951 and today , we think of it as merely something that far-off , exotic places suffer from . 
  but for a long time , before there was effective treatment , it strongly-encouraged the importation of africans for their ability to work in malarial environments . 
  it was also the major factor [ blocking the creation of the panama canal , and why the french failed to build it the first time around ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/10/economist-explains-2 ) . 
   experts from the center for economic and political reforms ( cepr ) note that this is neither the american center-left activist [ cepr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/center_for_economic_and_policy_research ) ( center for economic and policy research ) nor the respectable european economic [ cepr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_for_economic_policy_research ) ( centre for economic policy research ) -- the acronym already is somewhat overloaded . 
  because one country ca n't take away privileges that another state extends . 
  also , would you want to ? 
   we joined the eu because of its main reason of existence : free market , free capital and common trade policies . 
  would you say that a typical hungarian would prefer to have or not to have free movement of labor policy ? 
  i do n't see it on there . 
   agreed . 
  i 'm a big proponent of a black budget funded eu propaganda task force why do you need a black budget ? 
  most propaganda does n't violate another country 's laws . 
  `` socialist values '' ? 
  actually , we * do n't * use a parliamentary system in the us , but most of the world does , and it originated with the brits . 
  no , i do n't mean that i 'd expect bregret or brenthusiasm , an overall shift over the graph in one direction or other . 
  i mean that i 'm surprised that people did n't have their positions vary back and forth more over time . 
  i mean , people have clearly taken very fixed popsitions -- events do n't shift the position one way or other . 
   except british democracy is a joke . 
  it set the tone for much of the world 's democracy . 
  i think that it 's interesting now -- i 'm actually really surprised that the numbers are as rock-solid as they are . 
   not the globalist i strongly endorse international trade . 
  yup . 
  saudi arabia is not a signatory to the [ convention on cluster munitions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_cluster_munitions ) . 
  neither is the us , for that matter . 
  i would suggest that the convention is a poor one to sign onto and would oppose the us signing on , because cluster munitions can see dramatic effectiveness improvements relative to non-cluster munitions , and dud bomblets is a technical problem that is not fundamental . 
  i * could * see signing bans on cluster munitions that have failure rates in testing above some amount . 
   eu council president donald tusk said in a tweet friday that the `` u.s. strikes show needed resolve against barbaric chemical attacks . 
  eu will work with the u.s. to end brutality in syria . '', 
    european commission president jean-claude juncker said in a statement that he `` understands efforts to deter further attacks . '', 
    he said `` there is a clear distinction between airstrikes on military targets and the use of chemical weapons against civilians . '', 
  not that the eu presently has a common foreign policy ( though perhaps it should ) , but i 'm not really seeing a split in positions here . 
  eh , a number of countries could put sixty cruise missiles into an airbase . 
  granted , they might not be * willing * to do so , but ... 
  depends on how you 're using it . 
  `` the league is very well when sparrows shout , but no good at all when eagles fall out . '', 
  -- mussolini , on the league of nations if the seats stop reflecting ability to exert force , the unsc simply becomes an ineffectual body . 
  the idea is to formalize that ability to exert force . 
  the un ca n't push through something if it 'd result in one of the major military powers being willing to oppose it . 
  let 's say that the un wants people to do something . 
  there 's a majority vote and it passes the un . 
  the us , china , russia , france , and the uk all say `` um , no you are n't '' . 
  that does n't meet your threshold , so the resolution goes through . 
  so , great , you got a majority vote , with support from tuvalu or whoever . 
  is anyone going to go implement that decision with those five glowering at them ? 
  nope . 
  so you render the un resolutions ineffectual . 
  a strong euro will benefit some people and disadvantage others . 
  it 's good that the euro is n't fixed in place , since its ability to float relative to other currencies is a useful mechanism . 
  so it 's great that the euro weakens when it does , since it maintains a balance of trade without messing up prices within the currency area . 
  but the fact that it * is * weakening , for a typical worker , means that i 'll be worse-off , which is disappointing . 
  if austrians suddenly invented amazingly efficient ways to do a whole bunch of things , they 'd be exporting like crazy , and so the euro would strengthen and they 'd be able to buy more stuff than they were . 
  i 'd say that i 'd generally prefer to be in a situation like that , where my currency is strengthening in that it indicates that my currency area has been doing more and i can get more stuff than i have been ... but i would n't want to make the currency artificially-strong . 
  if the currency strengthens too quickly , then i hit deflation and the problems that causes . 
  this is making price conversion * really * easy , as all three approach simultaneous approximate parity . 
  i 'm not sure that lego plastic is resistant to radiation . 
   also we all know the only reason you have any sympathy for these guys is because you 're sick of islam and any secular movement in me is good enough . 
  i 'm not sure whether you 're talking about the state or the public . 
  at least in the us , there 's public sympathy for kurds dating to the gulf war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991_uprisings_in_iraq the us had hoped to encourage a relatively-bloodless coup and have hussein overthrown , and so was broadcasting on voa saying that a coup was possible . 
  what * actually * happened was a large-scale uprising in which the kurds were mauled . 
  we had the military forces available to have attacked iraq nearby in kuwait , and many people felt that , having encouraged the uprising , and given that it had turned into a bloody loss for them , that we 'd an obligation to aid them . 
  we did not , and many people died as a result . 
   in 2011 , the u.s. ambassador to iraq , james f. jeffrey , officially apologized to iraqi politicians and southern tribal leaders for the u.s. inaction in 1991 . 
  adel abdul mahdi , a top iraqi shia political leader , commented : `` at the least , from what we are facing now , this would have been a much better solution than the solution of 2003 . 
  the role of iraq 's people would have been fundamental , not like in 2003 . '', 
  a spokesman for a top shia religious leader , ayatollah basheer hussain najafi , stated that `` the apology of the u.s. has come too late , and does not change what happened . 
  the apology is not going to bring back to the widows their husbands , and bereaved mothers their sons and brothers that they lost in the massacre that followed the uprising . 
  '' [ 41 ] because of how often they were in the news as people that we had n't supported when they needed it , it had an impact on the public . 
  you 're probably right , but you ca n't know that yet . 
  got ta say , i 'd really like to know the second-round outcomes in advance of someone * just * pulling ahead in the first round , though . 
  means that you 're looking at the outcomes through a thick , unpredictable fog . 
   the other has said that if he does n't obtain ** everything ** he wants from the us , he 'll have a frexit referendum . 
  ... m\u00e9lenchon sounds like an asshole . 
  why exactly is he trying to blackmail * us * ? 
  i think that it would be * dumb * for france to leave the eu , and not in france 's interests , but i see no way in which france is going to be extracting any significant concessions from the us over this . 
  the us can do business with the countries in europe independently or as a union . 
  it 'd be a hell of a lot more disruptive to france to leave the eu than it would for the us . 
  do you not want * switzerland * in the eu or do you not want france in the eu ?
