    the fledgling tv news channel , under the wing of the state-run turkish radio and television corporation , is at the forefront of an ambitious effort by recep tayyip erdogan , turkey 's president , to shape how the country is viewed around the world . 
  this should probably not be treated as an objective source . 
   the whalers that hunt whales for their oil in lamps . 
  [ and what we 've gained by eliminating that employment is substantial ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-38650976 ) :  imagine gathering and chopping wood 10 hours a day for six days . 
    those 60 hours of work would produce 1,000 lumen hours of light . 
    that is the equivalent of one modern light bulb shining for just 54 minutes , although what you would actually get is many more hours of dim , flickering light instead . 
    of course , light is not the only reason to burn fires : they also help keep you warm , cook your food and scare off wild animals . 
    if you just needed light and a wood fire was your only option , you might decide to wait until the sun comes up . 
    thousands of years ago , better options came along - candles from egypt and crete , and oil lamps from babylon . 
    their light was steadier and more controllable , but still prohibitively expensive . 
    in a diary entry of may 1743 , the president of harvard university , the reverend edward holyoake , noted that his household had spent two days making 78lb ( 35kg ) of tallow candles . 
    six months later , he noted : `` candles all gone . '', 
    and those were the summer months . 
    nor were these the clean-burning paraffin wax candles we use today . 
    the wealthiest could afford beeswax , but most people - even the harvard president - used tallow candles , stinking , smoking sticks of animal fat . 
    making them involved heating up animal fat and dipping and re-dipping wicks into the molten lard . 
    it was pungent and time-consuming work . 
    according to prof nordhaus 's research , if you set aside one whole week a year to spend 60 hours devoted exclusively to making candles - or earning the money to buy them - that would enable you to burn a single candle for just two hours and 20 minutes every evening . 
    things improved a little as the 18th and 19th centuries unfolded . 
    candles were made of spermaceti - the milk-hued oily gloop harvested from dead sperm whales . 
    american founding father ben franklin loved the strong , white light they gave off , and the way they `` may be held in the hand , even in hot weather , without softening '' , and noted that they `` last much longer '' . 
    while the new candles were pleasing , they were also pricey . 
    george washington calculated that burning a single spermaceti candle for five hours a night all year would cost him # 8 , or well over $ 1,000 ( # 820 ) in today 's money . 
    a few decades later , gas lamps and kerosene lamps helped to lower costs . 
    they also saved the sperm whale from extinction . 
    but they , too , were basically an expensive hassle . 
    they dripped , smelt and set fire to things . 
    then something changed . 
    that something was the light bulb . 
    by 1900 , one of thomas edison 's carbon filament bulbs would provide you with 10 days of bright , continuous illumination , 100 times as bright as a candle , for the money you could earn with our 60-hour week of hard labour . 
    by 1920 , that same week of labour would pay for more than five months ' continuous light from tungsten filament bulbs . 
    by 1990 , it was 10 years . 
    a couple of years after that , thanks to compact fluorescent bulbs , it was more than five times longer . 
    the labour that had once produced the equivalent of 54 minutes of quality light now produced 52 years . 
    and modern led lights continue to get cheaper and cheaper . 
    switch off a light bulb for an hour and you are saving illumination that would have cost our ancestors all week to create . 
    it would have taken benjamin franklin 's contemporaries all afternoon . 
    but someone in a rich industrial economy today could earn the money to buy that illumination in a fraction of a second . 
  remember how [ people were warning of the risks of german right-wing populism coming back ] ( https://imgur.com/a/rpzhc ) ? 
  seems that germany is the one place where that * is n't * happening . 
  ooops . 
  not actually part of the uk , but a possession of the uk . 
  with some major caveats that might mean that france would indeed frexit . 
  * caveat 1 : le pen winning round 1 probably does not mean that le pen will win round 2 . 
  assuming that polls are correct , le pen 's only real shot is ( 1 ) le pen comes in first or second place and ( 2 ) fillon ( in fourth place here ) jumps up to first or second place , and then ( 3 ) in the second round , fillon does unexpectedly badly and loses to le pen . 
  * caveat 2 : i 've no idea how much le pen actually means what she says . 
  she may have simply been saying things to appeal to the french electorate . 
  trump , for example , said a great number of things and is showing no particular interest in following-up and promptly reversed himself on large chunks of what he said -- such is the life of a populist demagogue . 
  le pen may do much less than she claims she will . 
  * caveat 3 : le pen * probably * can not do some of the things that she wants without support of the french legislature , which she 's also not likely to get . 
   if you like the euro , why not just call for a global gold standard ? 
  because : * the gold standard is global and the euro covers a comparatively-limited set of economies and countries . 
  * inflation can ( intentionally ) not be generated with gold , so you ca n't avoid deflationary periods . 
  it can be with fiat currency . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_east_india_company  the company was arguably the first megacorporation the world has ever seen , possessing quasi-governmental powers , including the ability to wage war , imprison and execute convicts , negotiate treaties , coin money and establish colonies . 
  many economic and political historians consider the voc as the most valuable , powerful and influential corporation in the world history . 
  -  the company was also considered by many to be the very first major and the greatest corporation in history . 
  [ note 6 ] [ 86 ] the voc 's territories were even larger than some countries . 
  by 1669 , the voc was the richest company the world had ever seen , with over 150 merchant ships , 40 warships , 50,000 employees , a private army of 10,000 soldiers , and a dividend payment of 40 % on the original investment . 
   the margin of error associated means that only hamon is out of the run . 
  remember that margin of error is just the most error that can exist some percentage ( probably 95 % ) of the time . 
  it 's not a * guarantee * that it 's within the range , and it 's probably most-likely to be closer than further away . 
  the polls above provide reinforcing information , in that there are multiple polls with the same result . 
  apparently erdogan * did * manage to get turkey 's fertility rates * just * up to replacement level , so i 'll give him that . 
  everything south of hadrian 's wall has experienced a brexit before and is more-comfortable with it . 
  the problem of armed bad guys in the legislature can only be solved by [ having armed good guys in the legislature ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legislative_violence#united_states ) :  congressman preston brooks of south carolina famously assaulted charles sumner of massachusetts for a previous speech of his , saying his uncle andrew butler took `` a mistress who , though ugly to others , is always lovely to him ; though polluted in the sight of the world , is chaste in his sight -- i mean , the harlot , slavery . 
  '' [ 43 ] after having consulted with fellow south carolina congressman laurence keitt on the situation , brooks and keitt decided that sumner had the social status of a `` drunkard '' and was thus unworthy of the traditional challenge to a duel . 
  brooks ( accompanied by keitt ) , approached and confronted sumner as he sat writing at his desk in the almost empty senate chamber . 
  as sumner began to stand up , brooks began beating sumner severely on the head with a thick gutta-percha cane with a gold head before he could reach his feet . 
  sumner was knocked down and trapped under the heavy desk ( which was bolted to the floor ) , but brooks continued to bash sumner until he ripped the desk from the floor . 
  by this time , sumner was blinded by his own blood , and he staggered up the aisle and collapsed , lapsing into unconsciousness . 
  brooks continued to beat the motionless sumner until he broke his cane , then quietly left the chamber . 
  several other senators attempted to help sumner , but were blocked by keitt , who had jumped into the aisle , brandishing a pistol and shouting , `` let them be !, 
  '' [ 44 ] keitt was censured for his actions and resigned in protest , but was overwhelmingly re-elected to his seat by his south carolina constituency within a month . 
  [ 45 ] for several decades following , senators often carried walking canes and even revolvers in the senate chamber , fearing a similar assault . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   `` a contingent of the trump campaign supporters we believe to be ` bots ' and accounts from russia have shifted to germany , '' watts said . 
  `` if i had to estimate , about one-third of previous trump supporter accounts are now trying to influence the german election . '', 
  adorable . 
  he 's alluding to oliver 's statement along the same lines , dude . 
  okay , follow-up . 
  / r/ukpolitics used the * guardian * article and [ highlighted the important bit ] ( https://reddit.com/comments/66nff6/comment/dgjv0he ) . 
  this ** only applies to the uk during the transition period ** . 
  that is , the eu would n't immediately terminate anything in two years , but would continue over the transition period ; in turn , the ecj would continue to have authority during the transition period . 
  that seems much more-reasonable . 
  probably be best to update the title with a tag . 
  paganism is n't really a `` religion '' ... i mean , it 's pretty much `` bad stuff that you should n't be believing in instead of christianity '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paganism#ethnic_religions_of_pre-christian_europe i mean , thor and zeus did n't hang out together . 
  my guess is that you 'd run into several problems : * i 'm not sure how much data there is remaining about the practices and beliefs of many religions . 
  i guess that you could just try to fill in the gaps with something you make up and leverage the authority of years to make it more-interesting . 
  * broadly speaking , reviving dead religions does not seem to be much of something that humanity has gone in for in the past . 
  that makes me suspicious that people would not go in for it now , either . 
  * many of those religions were geared towards our understanding of the world at the time . 
  if , for example , we know what the stars are , mythology that explains that the stars are something-incompatible is hard to swallow . 
  a lot of people spent a long time trying to make christianity amenable to modern scientific understanding , and that has still been kinda rocky and requires reading a lot in an allegorical sense . 
  * there have been claims for a long time that religion is dead or is dying ... for hundreds of years . 
  while it 's not dead , and maybe it will never be , in europe , there 's clearly a more-secular world . 
  * i think that a lot of the appeal is novelty . 
  religions that people do n't at least partly-believe in seem hard to keep going . 
  if you just want a themed celebration ... well , you 're going to wind up with modern christmas or halloween or something like that .
