  consult with one another if questions arise regarding these commitments . 
  russia did not , as she clearly violated point 1 and 2 and possibly 3 . 
   calling it a tool implies a coordinated effort to enact such a scheme throughout several generations . 
  it would be an specific example of leveraging a broad and generic policy during the soviet era of moving populations that might be unreliable away from any country that they might link up with to places like siberia . 
  they would then be replaced by hopefully more-politically-reliable ethnic russians . 
  this would tie the land in europe to russia ( ethnic russians would have ties to russia ) and the land near china to russia ( transplanted peoples would have more ties to russia than china ) , avoiding risk of either splitting away . 
  it was an intent to stabilize the empire , but certainly not done with the specific goal of providing a political fig leaf to re-invade countries in europe . 
   europe 's population is predicted to stay at a stable ~ 0.64 billion . 
  actually , it 's not really stable . 
  it 's expected to decline by 100 million people . 
  [ europe 's population is 0.742 billion today ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe ) . 
  it only looks flat in comparison to the large increase in africa . 
  fair enough . 
  mirriam-webster listed it as `` chiefly british '' . 
  i 've never heard anyone use it in the us either . 
  < goes to investigate  looks like in british english this gets used sometimes . 
  in us english , you 'd use `` mayor '' -- the term for the profession is a gender-neutral one . 
  pointedly using separate-gender terms in a profession that does n't have 'em is more-or less the right-wing equivalent of the left-wing insisting on merging them in a profession that has separate terms for the genders , but much more so -- it 's normally kind of an irritatingly activist thing to do . 
  two languages separated by one ocean , i guess . 
  not saything that it 's not true . 
  just providing contest . 
  how does that relate to my comment ? 
  [ `` mayoress '' ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t0-tmiwtesi&amp;t=3m14s ) ? 
  note about the source : this is from ruptly . 
  this is one of the russian state international broadcaster rt 's brands . 
  [ furnace creek , death valley , california 's going to be 44 c today , 46 c tomorrow ] ( https://www.wunderground.com/us/ca/furnace-creek ) . 
  ;-) that being said , people in the arizona and california deserts also tend to have air conditioning . 
  two branches -- the legislative branch has two houses , and both are currently majority republican , hence three things to control . 
  the judicial branch is theoretically apolitical -- it 's not really something that one party is normally said to control one way or the other . 
   german government ministers , who are facing voters next month , presented the software fix and financial incentives to scrap older models as an `` important first step '' to improve air quality in major cities and avoid court-imposed diesel bans in the coming months . 
  `` our fix is to have the government use public funds to buy more of our cars ! '', 
  `` all right , thank you , auto industry . 
  anyone else have competing proposals to table ? '', 
  seriously , though , one viable option * is * to accept the status quo in the near term and let existing cars naturally age out as long as future cars do substantially better . 
  okay , but that 's not a solution . 
  people already did n't have children and are continuing to not do so . 
  you have three options that i can see : * do nothing . 
  economic decline relative to the rest of the world , and thus decline in global clout . 
  people may be screwed in retirement , at least needing to accept a lower standard of living than they 'd probably wanted -- i doubt that most people in the eu can comfortably fund their own retirement at a level that they 'd like . 
  plus , remember that this choice makes property values fall ( think of detroit , which saw falling population and property values imploding ) , so you do n't get to rely on real estate retaining value for that retirement . 
  tax burden may be rough on newer generations , and that may be a positive feedback loop , as the eu becomes a less-desirable place to be , discouraging immigration and encouraging emmigration . 
  * try to force people to have more children . 
  tax 'em , jail 'em , get women out of the workforce , find jesus again , have the state rather than families raise children , do whatever restructuring it takes to make people have more children than they want . 
  it 's on you to find some politically-tenable way to do this . 
  no eu member has yet done this , and the few that are close rely on higher fertility rate of immigrants to get there . 
  turkey is just * barely * there , came from a higher starting point , and [ erdogan has gone out of his way to urge turkish women to have more children ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36413097 ) . 
  note that leveling out the current population means the present generation having a lot more children than 2.1 on average , since they have to make up for larger , earlier generations that did not . 
  * accept immigration from somewhere . 
  eu members have to accept it or somehow be sold on it , the source countries have to not get * too * cranky about mass emmigration , and the eu has to be able to draw people ( which probably means , barring the eu producing some clever new scheme , being poorer source countries ) . 
  the us uses a mix of choice number 2 and choice number 3 . 
  us tfr is just under 1.9 , much closer to a replacement leve of 2.1 than the eu 's 1.58 , and the us pulls substantial legal and illegal immigration . 
  no , i mean the artlicle submitter does not like capitalism and posts quite a bit on the matter . 
  well , what do you think should happen ? 
  genetically , while it varies a bit from place to place , latin america tends european . 
  mexico is the largest contributor to the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_groups_in_latin_america  an autosomal dna study by the american journal of human genetics estimated that the average admixture of mexicans is approximately 52 % european , 45 % amerindian , and 4 % african . 
  higher amerindian ancestry on the x chromosome was observed , consistent with predominantly european patrilineal and native american matrilineal ancestry . 
  [ 72 ]   another autosomal study comparing the ethnic makeup of five different latin american countries -- mexico , colombia , dominican republic , ecuador , and puerto rico -- found mexico to be 50.1 % native american and 5.6 % african , having the highest native and the lowest african contribution of the sample . 
  [ 65 ]   a study by mexico 's national institute of genomic medicine ( inmegen ) reported that mestizo mexicans are 58.96 % european , 35.05 % `` asian '' ( primarily amerindian ) and 5.03 percent african . 
  sonora has the highest european contribution ( 70.63 percent ) and guerrero the lowest ( 51.98 percent , with the highest asian contribution : 37.17 percent ) . 
  the african contribution ranges from 2.8 percent in sonora to 11.13 percent in veracruz . 
  eighty percent of the population was classified as mestizo ( racially mixed to some degree ) . 
  the study was conducted among volunteers from six states ( sonora , zacatecas , veracruz , guanajuato , oaxaca and yucatan ) and an indigenous group , the zapotecs . 
  [ 73 ]   the same study found that the mexico 's haplogroup was most similar to the european group with 81 percent of haplotypes shared , followed by the asian haplogroup with 74 percent and the african haplogroup with 64 percent . 
  the investigators noted that the african admixture did not generally come from african slaves brought by europeans , but was part of the genetic admixture of the colonists . 
  [ 74 ] a study in mexico city found that it 's mestizo population had the greatest variation in latin america , with its mestizos being either largely european or amerindian rather than having a uniform admixture ) . 
  the study 's results are similar to those by inmegen on which the european admixture is 56.8 percent , followed by asian ( native american ) ancestry with 39.8 percent and an african contribution of 3.4 percent . 
  [ 67 ] additional studies suggest a correlation between greater european admixture with a higher socioeconomic status , and greater amerindian ancestry with a lower socioeconomic status . 
  a study of low-income mexicans found the mean admixture to br 0.590 , 0.348 and 0.062 amerindian , european and african respectively , [ 75 ] while a study of mexicans with an income higher than the mean found their european admixture to be 82 percent . 
   the us also did actually literally import black people for centuries . 
  mostly due to rapid immigration from latin america plus lower birthrates here . 
  african americans are something like 15 % of the population . 
   also , celebrities asses i believe that that 's pretty universal in popular media across countries . 
   first , you 're not speaking for all of us . 
  you 're not even speaking for our government . 
  well , to be fair , that 's true for everyone on here , unless merkel or someone goes commenting on reddit at the end of their day . 
   like the the americans do trump . 
   the eu always been an germano-french thing with the uk first trying to sabotage it from outside then from inside . 
  are you referring to the * yes , minister * comedy episode ? 
   the whole eastern enlargement was a mistake . 
  and so was the uk admission . 
  there is no point of a huge union if people do not share the same values hence goals . 
  i am certain that goals will differ to some degree regardless of values , just because of geopolitics . 
  i think that requiring all states to have the same goals is probably an unrealistically high bar . 
  after all , that is part of the point of * having * a number of the eu 's institutions -- to take various concerns and interests and synthesize them into one composite position . 
   sorry but as much as i do n't ` want ' poland to leave , it would be practically speaking a improvement for the eu . 
  if the idea is that the wealthy members would be better-off without providing what support they do to the less-wealthy members ... 
  i remember some londoners talking about secession of london in the immediate aftermath of brexit . 
  i mean , sure , if there were no advantage to scale and everything else were held equal , then it 'd doubtlessly be nice not to pay support . 
  but it * is n't * held equal . 
  london leaves and london 's world does too . 
  look , the people on this sub seem to be pretty able to identify flaws in brexiteer reasoning about the disadvantages of leaving and the benefits of scale . 
  surely it should be as viable to see why member states leaving are disadvantageous to the eu ? 
   but do your states even have some form of constitution ? 
  who is responsible to guarantee that it is followed ? 
  certainly most , if not all , do , though there 's also no technical requirement for one . 
  in all the states that i 'm aware of , there is a state supreme court , but again , that 's up to the state . 
  * checks wikipedia * the us constitution does n't mandate a state constitution , but it looks like it has been the norm , with some exceptions , for the federal legislature to require a new state to create a state constitution and get approval for that constitution from its public when it joins . 
  the federal government has no role in determining state constitutionality . 
  that 's all on the state 's own system . 
  it looks like all states have selected systems in which there is a supreme court .
