  grow indignantly responded by telling keitt that `` no negro-driver shall crack his whip over me . '' keitt became enraged and went for grow 's throat , shouting that he would `` choke him for that '' . 
  a large brawl involving approximately 50 representatives erupted on the house floor , ending only when a missed punch from rep. cadwallader washburn of wisconsin upended the hairpiece of rep. william barksdale of mississippi . 
  the embarrassed barksdale accidentally replaced the wig backwards , causing both sides to erupt in spontaneous laughter . 
  [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] keitt would later die of wounds following the battle of cold harbor while fighting for the confederacy . 
    * 5 april 1860 : during an anti-slavery speech by illinois republican owen lovejoy on the floor of the u.s. house of representatives on april 5 , 1860 , lovejoy condemned the democratic party for its racist views and steadfast support of slavery . 
  as lovejoy gave his speech condemning the evils of slavery , several of the democrats present in the audience , such as roger atkinson pryor , grew irate and incensed over lovejoy 's anti-slavery remarks and threatened him with physical harm , brandishing pistols and canes , with several republicans rushing to lovejoy 's defense . 
    * 24 february 1887 : the indiana general assembly experienced a massive brawl between democrats and republicans in the indiana senate and indiana house of representatives . 
  the event began as an attempt by democratic governor isaac p. gray to be elected to the united states senate and his own party 's attempt to thwart him . 
  gray was a former republican who had been elected governor by popular vote but was scorned as a turncoat by his new party , who maneuvered desperately ( and unsuccessfully ) to try to prevent his eligibility for the senate seat . 
  when gray went over the head of the democrats in arranging a midterm election for a new lieutenant governor , republican robert s. robertson was elected with a majority of the popular vote , a situation the democrats refused to accept despite a ruling from the indiana supreme court . 
  the matter came to a head when robertson attempted to enter the senate chamber to be sworn in and take his seat presiding over the session ; he was attacked , beaten , and thrown bodily from the chamber by the democrats , who then locked the chamber door , beginning four hours of intermittent mass brawling that spread throughout the indiana statehouse . 
  the fight ended only after republicans and democrats began brandishing pistols and threatening to kill each other and the governor was forced to deploy the indianapolis police department to restore order . 
  subsequently , the republican controlled house of representatives refused to communicate with the democratic senate , ending the legislative session and leading to calls for united states senators to be elected by popular vote . 
    * 20 february 1902 : during a debate on a bill dealing with the philippine islands , senator benjamin tillman of south carolina accused senator john l. mclaurin of south carolina of `` treachery '' for siding with the republicans in support of philippine annexation , and alleged that mclaurin had been granted control of government patronage in south carolina . 
  upon receiving word of this statement , mclaurin entered the senate chamber and denounced tillman , upon which tillman attacked him . 
  during the fight , other senators were hit by the punches . 
  as a result , the senate went into closed session to debate the matter . 
  both senators apologized to the senate , but almost came to blows immediately thereafter . 
  on february 28 , the senate voted 54 to 12 , with 22 abstentions , to censure both tillman and mclaurin . 
  mclaurin did not seek reelection , while tillman served in the senate until 1918 . 
    * 7 june 2007 : during the final day of the 2007 regular session of the alabama state senate republican sen. charles bishop of jasper punched democratic sen. lowell barron of fyffe in the head after the latter allegedly called the former a `` son of a bitch '' . 
  the two were then pulled apart by bystanders in the room . 
  [ 50 ]   * 15 june 2011 : during a vote of california budget state assemblymen warren furutani and don wagner broke out in a fight over a comment wagner made that furutani deemed offensive . 
  also , for good measure : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legislative_violence#european_parliament  in 1988 when pope john paul ii addressed the european parliament , ian paisley , then an mep , denounced him as the antichrist and was subjected to booing by fellow meps who also threw objects at him ; otto von habsburg was among those who helped physically eject him from the room . 
  [ drugs in the legislature are a terrible thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs23cjiwmga ) . 
   overall i think it 's reasonable to reap the rewards of living in more peaceful times and being surrounded by allies . 
  okay , but not all eu members are . 
  is it reasonable for disproportionate burden to fall on them , when it is because of them that germany enjoys that status ? 
   is there any eu country that actually scaled up their military after the cold war ? 
  but some did n't scale down as much . 
  and apparently served in the german military ... 
  very small mansions . 
  france has seen a backlash . 
  well , the ge was sure good for corbyn . 
   von rompuy on the ground violating ukraine 's long-held policy of neutrality to make a promise he could n't keep ( ukrainian ascension into the eu ) in order to rile up ethnic/religious conflict so as to have ukrainians overthrow their own democratically elected leaders . 
  wait a minute . 
  i thought that the narrative was that it was all a * cia * plot . 
  you guys got ta settle on a bad guy . 
  somewhere , a sixty-year old intelligence officer is looking at you in the same way , young whippersnapper !, 
  well , at least in a legal sense , the uk * may * be able to unilaterally reverse it , and i 'm sure that eu-28 could do whatever they wanted . ', 
  the politics are another question ... 
  depending upon implementation , this may be a really good thing , especially for countries where there has been major population outflows to other countries -- it 's potentially internalizing a large externality . 
  i am definitely hopeful !, 
  cato 's moderate-right-libertarian , but their overwhelming interest is normally in economics , not gun rights . 
  i 'd add that i typically like their articles . 
  does n't mean that he ca n't flee part of it to another part . 
  poor non-intersexual saps . 
  i think that it was implied that he meant `` worse on free speech '' . 
  whether or not that is the case , some of these examples are clearly unrelated to free speech handling . 
  i raised the question of trqnslation in another thread discussing it , and a russian user said that `` most prominent '' would be the best translation . 
  `` most outstanding '' may not be the best term to use . 
  < complaining  that thing gives you points for having a journalists union , which i do not see as a measurement of free speech . 
  you could open a service to post things that are illegal for germans to say on their behalf . 
   in fact , when you ask americans about immigration , most people have a problem with ** illegal ** immigration , and perfectly fine with legal immigration . 
  yeah , but the eu has n't done as much migration already between states , and there 's still large wealth differences between states . 
  legal immigration in the eu does mean something somewhat different than in the us . 
  you guys get whacked on consumption taxes for gasoline . 
  http://gasprices.aaa.com/ based on that , 25.85 eur in the us . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_population_growth  the christian fertility rate has varied throughout history , as with other fertility figures . 
  the christian fertility rate also varies from country to country . 
  in the 20-year period from 1989 -- 2009 , the average world fertility rate decreased from 3.50 to 2.58 , a fall of 0.92 children per women , or 26 % . 
  the weighted average fertility rate for christian nations decreased in the same period from 3.26 to 2.58 , a fall of 0.68 children per women , or 21 % . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/04/07/why-people-with-no-religion-are-projected-to-decline-as-a-share-of-the-worlds-population/  and between 2010 and 2015 , adherents of religions are estimated to have given birth to an average of 2.45 children per woman , compared with an average of 1.65 children among the unaffiliated . 
  i am not sold that we have produced a very good model yet for raising children other than the family ( though even that model has shifted somewhat ) . 
  some of israel tried communal living , and found that it [ did not work well for child-rearing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibbutz ) . 
   communal child rearing was the method of education that prevailed in the collective communities in israel ( kibbutz and plural : kibbutzim ) , until about the end of the 1980s . 
    collective education started on the day of birth and went on until adulthood . 
  at the time it was considered a natural outcome of the principle of equality , which was part and parcel of the kibbutz life . 
  the education authority of the kibbutz was responsible for the rearing and well being of all the children born on the kibbutz , taking care of their food , clothing and medical treatment . 
  everybody received the same share of everything . 
  parents were not involved economically in the upbringing of their children . 
    children 's lives had three focal points : the children 's house , parents ' house and the whole kibbutz . 
  they lived in the children 's house where they had communal sleeping arrangements and visited their parents for 2 -- 3 hours a day . 
    non selectivity was a fundamental principle of collective education ; every child got 12 years of study , they took no tests whatsoever and no grades were recorded . 
  the founders of the kibbutz actually aimed at creating `` the ` new man ' of a utopian society . 
  '' [ 1 ] it did not last :  the kibbutzim evolved and since the mid-1950s and much more so since the 1970s education was very much influenced by the changes . 
  people on the kibbutzim wanted their children to live at home and not in the children 's house so communal sleeping arrangements were brought to an end . 
  [ 9 ]   standardization of teaching methods and introducing examinations to kibbutz schools did away with multi-disciplinary learning . 
  many of the young generation born on the kibbutz left for the big cities so the kibbutzim population shrank and aged . 
  many kibbutzim went through a process of privatization . 
  higher education became prevalent together with a decrease in the prominence of agriculture . 
  [ 10 ]   all these and other reasons caused the collectivism to deteriorate and individualism to win over . 
  this put an end to collective education . 
  i will believe that there are other viable models , but simply eliminating the family as the basic unit of child-rearing seems to me to not be such a trivial problem as you might believe it to be . 
  there is n't a tested-to-be-successful drop-in alternative . 
  well , there appears to be majority german support for a welfare state that supports the elderly with the labor of those still in the workforce . 
  whether-or-not you 'd agree with that , if we assume that this is a goal , then the state does have an obvious interest in ensuring that either the fertility rate or the immigration rate is high enough to keep the welfare ratio from becoming very large . 
  well , it 's also a major building block of society , and the bulk of what most people are arguing over is the state endorsing or condemning a particular form of a family . 
  i mean , the bible condemns homosexual sex , not homosexual marriage . 
  state law stopped really directly aligning with christianity when [ sodomy law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sodomy_law ) was removed . 
  while religion and culture blend together , i think that it 's more-accurate to say that the dispute is a cultural one over how society should be constructed than truly a religious one . 
   lgbt person all four at once !, 
  you mean , like , they have budget shortfalls or an actual lack of physical currency ? 
   it happened with the national railways , or the royal mail just recently , it is currently happening bit by bit to the nhs . 
  i do n't follow uk politics that closely . 
  but while i 'd believe that there are people opposed to privatization in the uk who * claim * that coorruption is present , but i 'd be pretty surprised if there were consensus that these processes are corrupt , * especially * for an ongoing process . 
   the entire profit motive and the imperative to act in the interest of the shareholders dictates that a non-state company will jettison whatever it deems unprofitable . 
  yes . 
  but that 's not a negative : as long as you do n't have externalities -- and eliminating those is a responsibility of yours -- it is efficient for companies to do this .
