  eh , europe 's got populist leaders too . 
  just that the big countries have avoided it . 
  doing better tan us ... yeah , fair enough . 
  australia , though ? 
   not a deep sea harbour though , which i should have mentioned . 
  i do n't know what a `` deep sea '' harbor is . 
  there 's a `` deep water '' harbour : http://www.marineinsight.com/ports/what-are-deep-water-ports/  regular ports are by and large of recreational types where the water is not more than 20 feet deep , whereas deep water port is compatible with the large heavy loaded ships which may require the water to be 30 feet deep or even more . 
  it looks like [ novorossiysk ] ( http://www.worldportsource.com/ports/commerce/rus_port_of_novorossiysk_1537.php ) has space for over 40 feet . 
   not to this degree . 
  it 's not even being reported . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  i remember watching a video about it with footage of the buildup and the narrator talking about how they 'd break the ice off with hammers . 
  hell , i recall the same happening on ships in the north atlantic , and i think that we do the same on the great lakes ports . 
   like i said , navigation ceases during the bora storms , which makes this port unreliable and easily turns a warm water port into a not-so-warm water port . 
  if a ship can travel through the water because you do n't have thick ice on the water blocking it , it 's not a warm water port . 
  i do n't know how they choose to operate the port , but if you 're trying to claim that it 's not a warm-water port , you 're simply misusing the term . 
  http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/russia/warm-water-port.htm  novorossiysk , russia 's largest warm water port on the black sea , was home to ussr president brezhnev 's favorite winery , myskhako . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_of_novorossiysk  the port is navigable all year round . 
   it 's funny how that would have been better for iraq . 
  maybe . 
  was n't our decision to make on iraq 's end , though . 
  if they requested it , then we 'd have to talk about it on our end . 
  my expectation is that they will not request it . 
  if a portion of iraq requested to join the us , my expectation is that we would not consider that portion to have valid authority to make the request . 
   instead of abandoning iraq we were willing to keep a military presence . 
  at the end of the day , they chose to ask the us to leave . 
  i do n't think that there is any reasonable way in which that could be called abandonment . 
   there was almost no one left to resist . 
  sure , but my point is that this was n't a forced leave . 
  some people probably said the same thing about the baltics . 
   natural harbour in novorossiysk novorossiysk has a natural harbor . 
   local cold wind encases vessels in ice , and it becomes a nuisance to such a degree , that all navigation ceases until it stops blowing , which can take weeks . 
  not very good for a main base of operations and a warm water port in the black sea . 
  ice buildup also happens on ships at sevastopol . 
  `` warm water '' does n't mean `` is toasty for swimming '' . 
  it means `` the water does not become un-navigable '' . 
  novorossiysk meets this requirement . 
   us executed their president iraq executed hussein . 
  the man was not loved . 
   and disbanded their military , and sent over quite a bit of hardware and other resources for their government to put together a new one . 
  if iraq had wanted to re-hire a baathist military , i suppose that they could have done so . 
  i mean , they obviously were n't going to do so , but ...  not because a magnanimous display of goodwill i do n't think that it 's inherently * magnanimous * . 
  but it 's quite different from , say , carving off a chunk of the country with some oilfields and announcing that it now belongs to the us . 
  the us was not under military pressure to leave . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think that this means we can blame everything on london from here on out whenever we screw up . 
  jaffa cake addicts . 
  terrible sight . 
  yeah , but but the title was n't really how old the constitutional text was , but how old the government was -- the constitutional republic . 
  you could argue that those periods represented an interruption in the republic , as the country was under control of someone else . 
  again , just depends on the definition you 're going by . 
  that was n't the period where us global military dominance existed -- that was the post-world war ii affair , where the us could probably have reasonably invaded and clobbered just about anywhere in the world . 
  the [ spanish-american war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_american_war ) in 1898 was the nearest thing that i think that you could call a war of conquest . 
  i 'd also add that the ensuing domestic us political fight resulted in the philippines being given independence , as well as cuba ( with the proviso of the option of a lease on gitmo ) . 
  i agree that gitmo is something of an anachronism , but it also dated from that era -- the lease was guaranteed as part of the arrangements made then , continued into the cold war era , where cuba was not friendly and seized a great deal of us property around the country . 
  at least the us has never claimed it for the us -- my assumption is that it will probably ultimately wind up with cuba as part of the improving of relations with cuba . 
  we also had a naval base in the philippines , [ subic bay ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s._naval_base_subic_bay ) , which we left when the philippines requested it . 
  afghanistan and iraq were not annexed , nor placed under persistent occupation over the objection of the country involved ( and , in fact , the current situation in iraq , the uprising of isis , resulted and was possible after the us military left after the government requested that they do so ) . 
  if russia had done the same after kyiv had requested that russia leave , there would be no such dispute now in ukraine . 
  hardly an advantageous line for the us , were the us aiming for conquest , or a disadvantageous one for russia . 
  us military dominance coincided with the period where conquest was n't okay ( and it was in large part the us discouraging it ) . 
  the us did n't leverage that dominance to conquer lands . 
  russia , on the other hand , is the largest country by land in the world , but had much weaker in most regards than her neighbors in any direction . 
  an era of conquest would be unlikely to favor russia . 
  have to choose a line where you 're gon na tamp down on territorial conquest if you 're going to do so , else that argument would make it impossible . 
  the cost of expanding naval facilities at [ novoroissyk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/novorossiysk ) is dwarfed by what this is costing russia . 
  yes . 
  lots of countries , including russia , were doing so at that point . 
  those ambitions were what led to the world wars . 
  however , it also has n't been happening for quite a while . 
  he 's not making a logical argument . 
  san marino also broke continuity when being controlled by foreign forces for a while : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_san_marino  san marino has been occupied by foreign militaries three times in its history , each for only a short period of time . 
  two of these periods were in the feudal era . 
  in 1503 , cesare borgia occupied the republic until his death several months later . 
  on october 17 , 1739 , cardinal giulio alberoni , legate ( papal governor ) of ravenna who in 1739 , aiding certain rebels , possibly contrary to the orders of pope clement xii , used military force to occupy the country , imposed a new constitution , and endeavored to force the sammarinesi to submit to the government of the papal states . 
  however , civil disobedience occurred and clandestine notes were written to the pope to appeal for justice which were answered by papal recognition of san marino 's rights , restoring them to independence . 
  the third was in world war ii : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_san_marino depending upon how you define the government , that could represent a break . 
  it 's part of ukraine . 
  you normalize lopping off pieces of countries and you 've got trouble . 
  hmm . 
  probably . 
  had n't really thought about it . 
  i 'm not gay , and there 's still some stigma attached to it , so i expect that 'd be somewhat less-appealing . 
  i can say that there definitely exists some price point and period of time for which i 'd be willing to make a deal . 
  yes , because god forbid diplomatic officials go abroad . 
   when there 's no other royalty disgusting , mingling with the commoners like that . 
  yeah , i 'll grant that in her shoes , i * might * prefer to be a boytoy for a shorter period of time for a smaller return ( though , hey , ambition and drive and all that ) . 
  $ 25m for 6.5 years or $ 50m for 13 ? 
  maybe you 'd rather have the 6.5 extra years of freedom than double the income afterwards . 
  but ... i suspect that there is * some * period of time that a very great percentage of the population would make the swap for . 
   she is constantly criticized and mocked ( and blamed for her husband 's behavior ) , yeah , but so 's spicer , and he is n't making as much for it . 
  hell , so 's trump or any past president -- sign up to be president of the us and you 're signing up to have maybe a hundred , hundred-and-fifty million people just in the country alone dislike you , sign up and be the target of extensive , well-funded character attacks , regardless of your policy . 
  they put a price on it . 
  i mean , obama did n't make as much -- well , maybe he can ultimately do so via marketing his image -- as melania is , and i 'm suspicious that he caught a lot more by way of attacks . 
   but i would personally do n't think any amount of money could replace the love of a good man . 
  well , two points . 
  first , she 's got no guarantee of a perfect prince charming even if she had n't gone after trump . 
  yeah , i get that `` good '' is n't `` perfect '' , but trump 's a point on a spectrum ... heck , and even he , crummy as he is , is far from the worst . 
  second , you 're talking about a period of time . 
  i estimate that she walks with $ 50 million for thirteen years , ignoring all the intermediate perks and however her offspring benefit . 
  so , $ 4 million per year .
