  but they 'll say `` well , we 're willing to accept that hit -- after all , we 're only having to deal with eu citizens anyway , since the roi already filters out everyone else '' . 
  after brexit , they 'll be able to make it illegal for eu citizens to be in or work in the uk and can make it illegal for uk employers to employ eu citizens , so they can do spot checks and just have harsh penalties to offset the fact that they 'd only catch n % to sufficiently discourage illegal entry . 
  that is already realistically what most non-island countries need to do anyway , other than very casual border violations -- i can just cross a border somewhere other than at a controlled crossing . 
  it 's easy to walk across the us-canadian border anywhere along its 8,900 km length -- only a tiny portion of that has controlled border crossings covering it . 
   if you allow their freedom of movement to the ireland , then they will have to pass some sort of border to england i do n't see why . 
  the uk will just say `` if you do n't have a legal right to be here , we can clobber you with illegal entry laws '' . 
  they can do as much checking in the country as they want , and only have to deal with eu citizens anyway , because the roi will already keep out non-eu citizens . 
  before , the uk could n't charge eu citizens with a crime for illegally being present in the uk ; after brexit , they will be able to do so . 
  that 's their immigration-control club that the anti-immigration brexit crowd wanted . 
  they can also charge employers with illegally-employing people . 
  sure , there 's the possibility that an eu citizen could illegally enter the uk . 
  but that 's the way things work for essentially all non-island countries already anyway . 
  you can simply avoid border checkpoints and enter the us from canada if you want . 
  the uk is going to want to keep ni in the uk . 
  so they 're not going to impose internal borders in the uk , including between ni and the rest of the uk . 
  the roi is going to want to eventually unify , so they 're going to insist on no borders between ni and the roi . 
  the uk will refuse to permit cta if the roi enters schengen ; for the roi , the cta is more valuable than schengen ( in fact , arguably schengen would be a negative for the roi anyway if the loss of control outweighs any benefits in travel time to the mainland ) , so the roi will not enter schengen . 
  the uk will probably have lower tariffs than the eu does . 
  that means that smuggling of goods from ni into the roi may be a concern ; the other direction is unlikely , so control of goods into the uk wo n't be an immediate concern . 
  the eu would probably want to have a hard border at the roi-ni border to avoid smuggling . 
  i 'd assume that roi will treat this as a red line and refuse to let the eu impose hard borders there . 
  so either the roi leaves the customs union ( which i 'd say is probably unlikely ) , the roi folds on having a hard border ( and cuts the island of ireland in two in a longer-term division , as ni tends to integrate with the uk ) , or the eu folds on having a customs border ( which will presumably mean an ongoing problem with entreprenurial irish citizens smuggling goods from ni into the roi and profiting from the tariff difference ; if this can be done at large scale , it will provide a benefit to companies and people living in roi rather than another eu state , since the roi would get all the customs benefits of the eu but without having the restrictions of a customs union ) . 
  my expectation is that the eu will fold to the roi on the hard border and require the roi to accept spot checks of vehicles crossing the border ( maybe you randomly get delayed by some period of time ) , and then just have harsh penalties for illegally moving goods into the roi . 
  my bet is that that 's a [ stable outcome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nash_equilibrium ) -- neither the roi , nor the eu , nor the uk can gain anything that i see by doing anything different at that point . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the uk is n't gon na guarantee eu citizen rights to eu citizens that it grants residency to with ecj decision-making power . 
  with some russian forces having involved themselves in the fighting ... 
  well , from the standpoint of the roi , maybe . 
  but not from ni 's or the uk 's standpoint . 
  i mean , suppose someone proposed something about transferring part of the baltics to russia ... i 'd guess that you would n't be too keen on it . 
  i do n't see what you 're getting at . 
  you mean that ireland would be willing to impose checks at the ni border because it imposes them on flights ? 
  there are . 
  but with a flight , you are n't talking about trivial transit any more -- it 's comparable to traveling to the eu or anywhere else -- and the benefits are largest when the transit is trivial , like just hopping in a car and commuting over on a daily basis . 
  ` sides , everyone over here has had to show identity for domestic flights since the 1970s due to concerns about bombings , and i assume that the same is true for ireland -- that 's kinda a sunk cost . 
  ( though we mostly use driver licenses , since almost everyone has those and lots of people do n't bother to get a passport . ), 
  i would bet that having leverage applied like that would go over about as well in northern ireland as if ireland were being told that she could join the uk if she wanted to avoid a border . 
  because schengen and cta are incompatible , and my expectation is that cta is more-useful to ireland than schengen . 
  the benefits to ireland of schengen are also comparatively-low compared to , say , germany -- with germany , it permits reducing traveling to another eu member it borders from a border check to essentially zero . 
  that 's a significant win . 
  with ireland , the border check time is dominated by the fact that there 's a geographic obstacle in the way that ca n't simply be stepped across . 
  in ireland 's case , northern ireland is the only location that can be trivially travelled to , so for ireland , the major win comes from cta . 
  further , not being in schengen provides much-more-meaningful benefits to ireland -- controls over sketchy characters ( non-eu-citizen sketchy characters , that is ) entering ireland than it does to , say , germany . 
  with germany , one simply needs to cross the border somewhere that is n't a checkpoint , so there are very limited reasons to not be in schengen . 
  with ireland , you 're going to need a ship or plane . 
  i assume that all the policymakers who built up the whole system did so with the calculations in mind . 
  ireland will probably be in the cta , the uk will probably continue to not impose a border at the ni border , the eu will either be forced to do so ( politically very unpopular in ireland ) or put up with irish smugglers doing cross-border goods smuggling or try to work around it as best the eu can ( spot checks and very harsh penalties , maybe ? ), 
  probably do employment verification , increase penalties for employers illegally employing people , add spot checks if it becomes a concern . 
  nothing you guys make is going to be as controversial as the man himself , anyway . 
  the [ commonwealth still exists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_nations ) . 
  it 's the british empire that does n't . 
   that 's how you got people to believe the 150m # to the nhs thing . 
  i 'd say that eternity clauses should be void . 
  i 'd claim that there are essentially no cases where our parents and grandparents inherently know better than we what we should do , for our whole lives . 
  at some point i think that you need to `` pass the torch '' and let people -- even if with a high bar -- have control over the rules that they live by . 
  the logic behind the [ rule against perpetuities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_against_perpetuities ) follows a similar sort of logic -- at some point , you need to return control to people down the line . 
  the dead are not best-suited to run the world of the living . 
  it does look like germany has some sort of back-door route :  it is not possible for any political party , any legislation or any national commitment to violate `` the basic principles '' of `` this basic law '' laid down in articles 1 and 20 . 
  furthermore , the only way that articles 1 and 20 can be amended is through article 146 , which requires `` a constitution that is adopted by a free decision of the german people . 
  '' [ 6 ] that sounds like a referendum could change it . 
  if you do n't do it , you screw over the pension systems of poorer eu members when people leave for wealthier members . 
  the problem only gets larger the longer it runs . 
  also , there will be a damage control plan in place in advance . 
  i really do n't think this is my social norms talking -- i mean , i would equally object to the us trying to block people voting to institute sharia law in a country . 
  i think that it 's probably a * dumb idea * for the people of that country to institute such a thing , but i also do n't feel that the us should become involved in trying to block people from voting directly like that . 
  look , here 's a better one -- let 's say that the eu has a referendum on banning firearms . 
  now , i think that that 's a terrible idea , personally . 
  but i would be really irked if the us decided ( improbably-enough ) that eu citizens in the us were disproportionately-likely to vote to ban firearms in the eu and thus tried to establish barriers to them voting specifically for that reason . 
  and i can give a number of reasons for that : * first , i think that unless there is an extremely good reason , staying hands-off from someone else 's elections aside from monitoring to make sure that they 're not constrained is a good general policy . 
  * second , i see no overriding us interest here , or eu interest on this turkey vote . 
  turkey is n't about to launch biological weapons at you as a result of the referendum . 
  * third , i think that it is overwhelmingly-likely that this will backfire . 
  people really do not like the idea that they do n't have an outlet to exert their political will . 
  that 'd doubly so because of foreign involvement . 
  * fourth , let 's say that the dutch/german effort goes in and the vote does not pass . 
  you 've now provided perfect grounds for delegitimizing the vote in turkey . 
  honestly , i 'd expect both sides to ( a ) ensure that their people get permanent residency and ( b ) be willing to look out for abuses down the line , same as any two countries with people on each others ' territory . 
  i mean , the uk has done things before with lots of territories itself -- hell , the uk is far more experienced on the `` letting territory separate '' thing than the eu is . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that they never had persistent special rights extended to uk citizens that did n't apply to citizens of a newly-independent area within that newly-independent area . 
   voting is basic human right but right to live is bigger , there should be fail-safes to avoid democracy being abused by democratic votes . 
  perhaps . 
  but i do n't think that this mechanism is the right way to go about it , either . 
  the question here is n't `` should germany adopt the death penalty '' , though . 
  it 's `` should germany use what leverage it can muster by being able to control the environment of immigrants to affect votes in foreign countries on things that it objects to , like the death penalty '' . 
  that 's a much-more-difficult question . 
  at the very least , i 'm concerned about precedent . 
  this is advantageous to countries that have a lot of immigrants and disadvantageous to countries that have a lot of emigrants . 
  so far , so good for germany . 
  but i also think that it will produce more friction abroad than it will produce benefit domestically . 
  in terms of getting the vote through , it may be even counterproductive , as people are irritated by foreign involvement . 
  i mean , every treaty reforms the eu . 
  your government at the time did n't want it either . 
  time is an inexorable force . 
  the chilling effect or the concrete criteria for determining what 's hate speech ? 
  edit : ninja edit : the concrete criteria . 
  you might check the title again -- this post was satirizing that post , not duplicating it . 
  how does the legislative branch shutting down the executive branch via refusing to grant it funds a great example of the legislative branch being weak ? 
  that 's it exerting what is probably its greatest clout over another branch . 
  i 'd think that a better argument would be not having the ability to issue a vote of no confidence at any time , the way the british parliament might . 
  thus far , the eu * has n't established ftas at all * with a number of countries . 
  ttip was n't trump -- he made the promise because it was n't going through already , so it did n't require any substantial action on his end .
