  both [ roman gardens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_gardens ) and [ persian gardens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persian_gardens ) incorporate a central pool and plants in an enclosed area to cool the breeze . 
   how do you survive this . 
  so , that 's , what , 104 degrees fahrenheit ? 
  hell , that 's hot but not `` oh my gosh , death is about to ensue '' hot unless you 're pretty physically messed up . 
  humans are really good at dealing with heat . 
  as long as you do n't get dehydrated , you can deal with far hotter temperatures . 
  here 's a [ guy in death valley dressed up in all black as darth vader at furnace creek at 131 degrees fahrenheit ] ( http://www.timescall.com/ci_23579319/longmont-heat-runner-forceful-record-death-valley ) . 
  that 's 55 degrees celsius . 
  * drink water . 
  you 'll sweat during the day , and the phase transition from liquid to gas pulls off heat . 
  this is the big one . 
  * avoid doing a lot of strenuous stuff during the early afternoon . 
  * stay in the shade during the day . 
  * air conditioning, 
   gabriel and kern accuse the u.s. of trying to help american natural gas suppliers at the expense of their russian rivals . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not entirely clear how -- it 's not like the us pipes gas to germany , and afaik there are n't any us companies involved in alternate pipelines . 
  are they talking about companies moving gas via lng ships ? 
  i mean , i guess that 's not impossible , but lng shipping is not cheap . 
  it seems like it 'd require either : * [ poland or ukraine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/yamal-europe.png ) to charge so much in transit costs that it drove the cost of russian gas above to germany up above the cost of shipping lng over . 
  my assumption is that that would not reflect inefficiencies in the pipeline 's capabilities , but the two acting as a cartel . 
  sure , it 's advantageous to not have monopoly suppliers , but any premium there is effectively western europe providing subsidies to eastern europe , which is ( presumably ) going to happen anyway -- happening via natural gas seems like just an alternate way to do that : `` this counts towards your subsidies '' . 
  * or would require russia to offer lower rates to germany than to eastern european countries . 
  my understanding was that the aim of unifying the eu 's energy market was to negotiate prices as a bloc . 
  further , it avoids having targeted price increases to a particular country or region . 
  i 'm no expert in the natural gas situation there . 
  anyone want to expand ? 
  leaders lead !, 
  they do n't follow !, 
  * start * a wave !, 
  what do pensions have to do with brexit ? 
   they want to pursue their studies in english , but not in britain because the costs are too uncertain . 
  i mean , the pound 's been dropping . 
  i 'd think that if your concern is cost , that you 'd * want * to be heading to britain . 
  the more-relevant concern that i can think of would be if you want to establish citizenship and if there 's some route in the uk that starts in student visa , and before that would have let you roam over the whole eu . 
  hmm . 
  i 'd assumed that the lukewarm ones included italy and greece . 
  honestly , i do n't think that there 's any entirely-virtuous state here -- finger-pointing does n't buy much , because every state was really looking out to avoid getting hit itself . 
  the entry states did n't document people , because they did n't want other states trying to unload illegal migrants back on them . 
  the transit states happily let people pass through as quickly as possible to keep people from being stuck . 
  the destination states tried to shut the problem onto the entry states ( dublin ) until they started getting hit , then tried to redistribute migrants to other states . 
  the unrelated states largely either avoided taking any meaningful number of migrants or made a large deal of the impracticality of the issue . 
  the real issue is what is to be done moving forward that aligns everyone 's incentives . 
  that would cover about three days of rent in a small apartment in san francisco . 
  maybe you guys need to set up retiremment visas . 
  population density . 
  could always be worse . 
  you could be australia . 
   toilets i mean , east asia has squat toilets , southern europe has the bidet ... 
  japan is n't very friendly to immigration either , honestly . 
  ireland ? 
   i mean the us would just shoot them and make the footage disappear the fuck are you talking abou ? 
  no we do n't . 
  we slow down processing to a rate that we find reasonable and put people in detention centers while they wait for , say , five years of backlog . 
  well , the smugglers figured out the tow-back thing -- that 's why you sink the boat . 
  well , the original convention was time - and location-limitedto resolve a europe-specific crisis . 
  it was n't a route for ongoing economic migration . 
  i 'd argue that the revision that eliminated those restrictions was an error . 
  sure , providing temporary safety for people is one thing , but the current convention is highly vulnerable to.economic migration , which is not its stated goal . 
  the current thing would let half of china 's population claim sanctuary in switzerland in the event of a civil war in china . 
  switzerland is n't going to actually honor that . 
  well , common threats are good uniters . 
  not sure if it 's the most uplifting threat to unite around , but ... 
  my hope here is that hopefully first and more-confidently second-gen immigrants will be a net economic positive , help fill that gaping hole that low european fertility rates are blowing in your population . 
   it means , at a minimum , not putting people in concentration camps . 
  it 's an option . 
  not a cheap option , but if it cuts pull factors enough ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_detention_sites_in_the_united_states  the united states maintains the largest immigration detention infrastructure in the world , which by the end of fiscal year 2007 included 961 sites either directly owned by or under contract with the federal government , according to the freedom of information act office of the ice ( ice ) . 
  libya was a french initiative . 
  sure , we came along , but it was n't our goal -- our business was in iraq . 
  well , they 're aware that this could very easily be used to document entry and stick greece or italy with them . 
  if the eu credibly guaranteed that that would not happen ( e.g. 
  they 're going to niue or something ) they 'd cooperate . 
   we pick them up and send them where ? 
   schengen had zero to do with it . 
  for the mainland , that 's potentially true , though i think thar the uk point is that due to the channel , she has the opportunity to constrain who comes through , at least in the short term , as long as she is not in schengen . 
  that was in 1883 . 
  our first general restrictions on immigration had just gone into place in 1882 :  1882 - immigration exclusion act prohibits immigration of criminals , poor , and mentally ill   `` the 1882 act to regulate immigration prohibited entry to ` any person unable to take care of himself or herself without becoming a public charge ' . 
  the law was designed to exclude immigrants whose undesirable conditions might prove costly to society -- including convicted criminals , the poor , and the mentally ill . '', 
  well , the last time this sort of `` wall opening '' stuff happened , [ we provided the decor in the form of david hasslehoff ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=0zxiclnk8oe ) . 
  this is significantly more-dignified than that . 
  `` dike '' is a berm . 
  dammit , you jerk . 
  `` you are aware of your tongue in your mouth . 
  you are breathing consciously ... '', 
  i 'd make the `` should have built a wall '' joke , but ... ;-), 
  i think that the only possible explanation is that the 60 million people in the uk have kept their closely-guarded * real * motives from polls all this time , cleverly making misleading claims about things like `` immigration '' or `` sovereignty '' . 
  oh , albion , you so perfidious !, 
   if the eu or whatever that union would have been called had it never expanded much beyond the inner six , whould n't have a agenda of constant enlargement , there would be no need for treaties like that and instead actually mutually beneificial agreements could have been made . 
  hmm . 
  well , i had n't quite looked at the trade agreements that way , but maybe there 's something to that . 
  i think that there are some advantages -- military , policing trade , transit , etc -- advantages to having all countries on the continent working together , though . 
  if switzerland is n't a member , goods and people have to take a longer route around switzerland , for example . 
   other agreements with regional block or countries could have been aimed at gradually developing them , either to join the union themselves once they are ready to commit themselves to its vision , or simply stay good neighbours if they are not ... 
  the uk did n't want the east enlargement because they wanted to advance the european project . 
  the wanted access to cheap labour . 
  the problem is that the cheap labor * is * part of that process of economic convergence . 
  it 's bringing the labor market to a single market . 
  but let 's say that you simply expected businesses to set up in other countries . 
  it 's not clear to me that there would * ever * be a transition past that point . 
  there * is * a stable state and a name for it -- a free trade bloc .
