   especially not if we are the only country not meeting the 2 % criteria being badgered to do so . 
  the statements that i 've seen to date have been broad and spanned nato . 
  i was pretty impressed with some of the comments . 
  i disagree . 
  the nato funding issue long predates trump -- at least a decade and a half ago , members promised to work towards 2 % , and generally simply went in the opposite direction . 
  it 's been raised repeatedly since then , and it was obama who finally pushed for a binding commitment . 
  it ca n't be reduced to trump . 
  trump 's tweets are a relative newcomer to the scene , and probably done for political effect ( keep in mind that he 's made plenty of offensive tweets about many manufacturing countries that we trade with ) . 
  but nato funding ca n't be reduced to being a `` trump issue '' , as there were complaints in place about it long before trump was around or germany was saying anything about trump . 
  when trump leaves office , the issue will not leave with him . 
  or over here !, 
   barbarians https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbarian  during the roman empire , the romans used the word `` barbarian '' for many people , such as the ** germanics ** , celts , gauls , iberians , thracians , parthians and sarmatians . 
  everyone 's a barbarian to someone ... 
  i 'm really surprised that so many are indifferent . 
  i can see being happy about it . 
  i can see being unhappy about it . 
  but i have a hard time imagining someone hearing that europe 's going to be economically and politically restructured , movement of population changed , and just shrugging their shoulders and saying `` eh , whatever '' . 
  what i 'm telling you is that if your interpretation is that this is an attempt to destroy someone , i think that you are incorrect . 
  i 'll buy that it 's insulting . 
  well , let me put it this way : i suspect that viewing trump saying that he wants to make bilateral trade agreements as wanting to dismantle the eu -- as some here are -- is probably not reflective of what 's going on in his head . 
  trump has been pretty long on announcing that he 's going to do things and showing off how energetic he is in doing them but pretty short on actually doing anything with substance ( the paris business , which is n't a `` trump '' thing , but a long-running republican thing , is the one major policy point where he 's made a real change ) . 
  if it 's not ( a ) a carbon tax that ( b ) has prices tied to ( 1 ) auctioning sequestration services or ( 2 ) coming up with a globally-accepted model of costs and paying compensation , i do n't think it 'll work . 
  thus far , nobody 's decided to do that , so i 'm pretty sure that policymakers still are n't into the matter . 
  it 's not gon na be a subsidy -- and paris provides subsidies -- because we 're not dealing with something claimed to be a positive externality . 
  it 's true that some people may , yes . 
  but , again , that happens every time that there 's an economic shift . 
  build more roads ? 
  mass transit workers get hit . 
  build fewer roads ? 
  road work crews get hit . 
  if you 're going to be spending your time identifying workers that are impacted and then determining what they 'll be trained in , you 're going to be attaching such things to just about anything the government does . 
   trees do not have genitals so they ca n't have sex . 
  they do have [ sex organs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sex_organ ) , and at least by wikipedia 's definition , using `` genitals '' would be appropriate . 
  true , it 's [ normally on flowers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plant_reproductive_morphology ) and does n't look much like human genitals , but many plants do engage in sexual reproduction . 
  i dunno if all sexual reproduction counts as `` having sex '' . 
  hmm -- looks like you 're right . 
  i 'd thought that they were comparable , but it looks like coal puts out about twice as much carbon dioxide per unit of electricity as natural gas . 
  my off-the-cuff guess is that this is an effort by trump to visibly show that he is `` fighting for a better deal '' and has more to do with his domestic political image . 
  he has plenty of people in the trade bureaucracy available to him which are aware of how this works , and he 's got an economics degree . 
   there ai n't much point in comparing the budgets of nuclear and non nuclear powers right ? 
  why is that ? 
  the uk spends less than a tenth of its military budget on missiles , submarines , crews , facilities , and all the stuff that goes along with being a nuclear power . 
   edit : saying spend more money is useless if not specifying for what . 
  are you saying nato would be happy if germany bought some completely useless expensive military gimmick that made us hit the 2 % ? 
  no , it 's not useless . 
  germany has an incentive to spend money effectively rather than ineffectively if it spends money . 
  the issue with nato and the 2 % line is that national security is a [ public good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_good ) , so it runs into the [ free-rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free-rider_problem ) if you do n't mandate spending . 
  once nato 's drawn that line , it 's avoided the free-rider issue . 
  it would not be appropriate for nato to tell members what to buy , because nato is n't a single military , with control over procurement and whatnot . 
  it 's a military alliance . 
  if the eu wanted to set specific purchasing requirements of members , it could do that , but i 'd be unhappy about nato doing that -- that 'd be scope creep , moving beyond its mandate . 
   if the eu decided to offer better terms to new york , california , florida and texas and treat the rest of the us as second-class citizens you 'd feel the same . 
  no , i 'd be aware that they simply would n't go through -- the economy is n't set up to work like that , and has no realistic chance of happening . 
  same as with the eu . 
   this man is a national embarrassment for stating this . 
  it 'd be at the customs union level , so he would n't be responsible for imposing it , as belgium can not impose whatever tariffs it wants . 
  it 's cheap to call for it , and if it 's popular in domestic politics , might make sense for him -- someone else in the eu will probably be responsible for shooting it down . 
  pakistan and india meet this bar . 
  there are changes in economic demand that happen constantly -- this is n't something unusual . 
  the expectation is that you 'll have people leaving shrinking industries and going to growing ones without needing to manually move people . 
   germany and france - while simply the largest continental eu countries - are the most unsuitable partners in this dance , because each is thinking of different dances in the first place . 
  they do both have substantial defense contracting industries . 
  i 'm sure that he 's not talking about the nato administrative budget , but the military budget of nato members . 
  even if someone is wanting to actually emigrate somewhere because they 're * that * upset about trump , they 're gon na go to canada , which is our normal `` i 'm so mad with < administration  that maybe * i 'll move to canada * location '' . 
  like the us , right nearby , but obviously with a different administration . 
   china 's annual steel output is almost double the eu 's total production and western governments say chinese steel exports have caused a global steel crisis . 
  does the eu need to maintain present levels for national security purposes ? 
  if not , china 's sending you wealth when it sends steel at a loss . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  ca n't have a customs union with individual deals , or it 's just an fta , and the bureaucracies know this . 
  ca n't `` secretly '' sign a deal . 
  not going to happen . 
   full membership ( with free movement , full voting rights ... 
  granting we countries authority over ee countries without giving ee countries input would be kinda colonialist , yes ? 
   the eu should have created a `` eu light '' membership for countries with large economic and cultural differences and only grant full membership if they are up to western european standards . 
  part of the point of the eu is to generate economic convergence , yes ? 
  and that is one thing that labor movement does . 
  if you limit the eu to only being a couple of wealthy countries , it eliminates many of the benefits of scale that come from being a large union , as well as controlling a continent and not having to worry about a powerful neighbor . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , sure , something should have been done differently . 
  but i doubt that it was `` eastern europe does n't get into the eu '' . 
  i think that the eu would probably benefit from federalization . 
  however , it 's not clear to me why the uk not condemning us treaty decisions is why the eu needs to federalize . 
   and the same is true for poland if they reelect those far right religious fundamentalists . 
  i do n't want that bullshit in western europe . 
  i suspect that part of what inherently comes with being in a union with a number of people with different views on things is being willing to accept that some views are going to differ . 
  i doubt that it 's a vital characteristic of the eu that the people living in it have homogenous religious views . 
  yeah , but we are n't talking about mercury or sulfur emissions at paris -- that 's carbon dioxide . 
  and natural gas and coal both put out carbon dioxide . 
  i do n't see why republicans would do that . 
  i mean , i personally am opposed to california doing this , but it 's advantageous to texas if california does . 
   give people in the co2 intensive industries new jobs because they will rebell nah , their numbers are n't really large enough to be essential . . 
  if you isolate them ( in the last us election , they were swing voters ) and appeal to someone else , you can accept them complaining about it . 
   2 ) make co2-free energy generation cost competitive with fossil based power generation . 
  well , that 'd solve pretty much all the issues . 
  but people have also been banging on that problem for a long time and had a lot of resources placed on this . 
  to what ? 
  maybe . 
  higher carbon emissions . 
  batteries ? 
  still suffer from energy density limitations .
