   what poor understanding are you talking about ? 
  the likely prospect of turkey joining the eu . 
  it was not a near-term prospect , as turkey simply was nowhere near meeting the criteria needed for accession . 
  it was presented as such by politicians selling an anti-eu take . 
   this is the antidote to populism , not an extension of it . 
  what , doing what le pen is doing and screaming about turkey potentially joining tomorrow ? 
  i do n't see how . 
  [ the 141 stances donald trump took during his white house bid ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801 ), 
  well , he started with an unprecedentedly-low approval rating and it 's only been heading downwards . 
  normally , presidents become less popular by the time they leave office ( reagan being a notable exception ) -- the glorious ideal in the initial campaign is hard for the reality to live up to . 
  unless he suddenly develops the ability to attract the approval of a much broader swathe of the electorate , he 's going to have a tough time . 
  he may not even run for a second term -- unpopular presidents do step aside so as to not screw up their party 's chances at a win . 
  might be pence or someone else running in 2020 . 
   hey , i 'm not a globalist that will gladly see their culture and country die for some sort of `` greater good '' . 
  culture always changes . 
  i 'm not an expert on swiss culture , but i will bet that what music people listen to and what clothes they wear and what food they eat look pretty different today from what it did a hundred years ago . 
  some will be passed on down in each generation , and some wo n't . 
  it 's not easy to isolate a country entirely from outside culture , with today 's cheap transport and communications , short of going north korea . 
  in general , people will probably tend to pick their favorite of the cultural elements that they 're exposed to . 
  it 's hard to hide all of that . 
  and ... do you want to do so ? 
  sushi is popular today in the us , just as curry is in the uk . 
  that 's not domestically-originating culture ... but people adopted it because they tried it and liked it and merged it in . 
  sure , in theory , i guess that with enough effort , we could have blocked that . 
  make sushi illegal with some sort of cultural preservation law , i dunno . 
  but ... what would be the point ? 
  it seems to me that the us with sushi is better off than the us without sushi . 
  ... populist politicians leverage poor understanding on the part of voters , and you 're arguing that the relevance is that continuing and expanding that practice might be effective ? 
   our borders were never actually protected from illegal immigration , the nazi 's invaded us by train ffs . 
  [ russia 's nonstandard track gauge was an issue for that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_ft_and_1520_mm_gauge_railways ) :  finally for the moscow - saint petersburg railway , which became the benchmark , the choice of track gauge was between 5 ft ( 1,524 mm ) and the wider 6 ft ( 1,829 mm ) , not standard gauge 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8\u00a01\u20442 in ) . 
  [ 6 ] despite this the difference in gauge did play a role in hindering invading armies , especially in world war ii ( see operation barbarossa #faults of logistical planning ) ; it was just not selected with that in mind . 
  [ containerization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/containerization ) happening several decades earlier than it did would have had interesting effects . 
  it 's not clear to me how the eu suffers harm or why the `` eu in crisis '' would have any relevance to germany simply making a `` that is not the case '' statement in response . 
  [ stupid turks , being suckers for their leader trying to associate arbitrary people with a national catastrophe ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/sep/07/usa.theobserver ) . 
  i get the impression that he 's kinda all-in on this referendum thing . 
  you probably want any response to be specific to erdogan , not to turkey as a whole , unless your goal is to give him a hand with his referendum . 
  erdogan knows perfectly well that germany did not run the coup . 
  it 's not because erdogan is going bonkers . 
  [ so , yesterday ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/turkeys-erdogan-decries-merkel-over-nazi-measures-as-row-thunders-on/a-38015707 ) :  turkish president erdogan has praised the arrest of a german journalist and accused germany 's angela merkel of using `` nazi measures , '' in a fresh attack on berlin . 
  a turkish paper also slammed dw for `` terror propaganda . '', 
  that 's a little bit different -- they were making a special exception to the codified military uniform to permit people to wear religious garments instead of the normal uniform if their religion required it . 
  ( and , in case someone wants to argue that even * having * a codified military uniform is a first amendment violation , it 's not , because it falls under [ one of the exceptions to free speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions#government_as_controller_of_the_military ) ) . 
  essentially , when the government is acting the same way a private employer would , the government may restrict employees working for them the same way that any other employer would , like requiring a uniform as a condition of employment . 
  what they can not do is to use their role as the government to restrict everyone pass national bans on things . 
  for example , members of the military are [ not permitted by military rules to engage in political advocacy in uniform ] ( http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/134410p.pdf ) ( no law , just a requirement of the military ) . 
  this is to keep the military apolitical . 
  yes . 
  the rationale for an expansive grant of free speech rights is that you do n't normally need to worry about the right to speak if nobody would have objected to your speech in the first place . 
  if you 're saying something entirely uncontroversial , like `` nutella is delicious '' or `` pineapple on pizza is fantastic '' , then there 's no need for a right preventing others from restricting your speech , because it never would have been restricted in the first place . 
  rather , it 's the things that might be objected to that require that protection . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're making the argument that the second amendment is not an individual right . 
  while there were lots of people who would say that it is , it had not been tested in scotus up until about a decade ago . 
  [ * district of columbia v. heller * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/district_of_columbia_v._heller ) has resolved this point -- if your point is that you feel that it 's not an individual right , you 're splitting with scotus , which is the constitutional authority on the matter . 
  so while you could say that you disagree with the ruling , you can not say that people who treat it as an individual right do not know what the second amendment is . 
  you seem to have [ linked to the wrong page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_exceptionalism ) . 
   god forbid ( pun intended ) that european countries have different legal traditions than the us . 
  yes . 
  but the point is that historically , passing laws only really affected things within your territory . 
  as the internet is a shared space , this means that there 's invariably going to be conflict : either us-style ideals come out on top globally , german-style ideals come out on top globally , or countries fragment the internet into chunks that conform to their set of speech policies . 
  for germany to make credible threats to companies like facebook , she needs to be willing to actually block access to those companies in germany . 
  facebook probably has a business presence in germany , so there are a number of ways to apply leverage . 
  however , at some point , there will be a popular website based in the us that does not have a business presence in germany , and so germany will be faced with the only recourse being blocking in germany to force conformance . 
  if that happens , then fragmentation . 
  i think that the most-flagrant splits are on hate speech and on virtual ( i think `` synthetic '' is a better term ) child pornography . 
  both of these are protected free speech in the united states , and both are illegal in germany . 
  note that the split here is not the only one . 
  iran , for example , makes pornography in general illegal , as i understand it . 
  it 's one reason why there 's an actual rfc ( [ rfc 3675 ] ( https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3675.txt ) , '' . sex considered dangerous '' ) on why it 's a bad idea to introduce a . sex tld ( and later . xxx , which * did * go through but had no uptake ) . 
  the fundamental issue is that the world does not have a single set of social norms , but somehow must interoperate in a shared space online , and to many people , it seems very obvious that the social norms that apply in their personal offline life should simply apply globally online . 
  as rfc3675 put it : when it comes to sexually-explicit material , every person , court , and government has a different view of what 's acceptable and what is not . 
  attitudes change over time , and what is viewed as appropriate in one town or year may spark protests in the next . 
  when faced with the slippery nature of what depictions of sexual activity should be illegal or not , one u.s. supreme court justice blithely defined obscenity as : `` i know it when i see it '' . 
  in the u.s.a. , obscenity is defined as explicit sexual material that , among other things , violates `` contemporary community standards '' -- in other words , even at the national level , there is no agreed-upon rule governing what is illegal and what is not . 
  making matters more knotty is that there are over 200 united nations country codes , and in most of them , political subdivisions can impose their own restrictions . 
  even for legal nude modeling , age restrictions differ . 
  they 're commonly 18 years of age , but only 17 years of age in one scandinavian country . 
  a photographer there conducting what 's viewed as a legal and proper photo shoot would be branded a felon and child pornographer in the u.s.a. 
  in yet other countries and groups , the entire concept of nude photography or even any photography of a person in any form may be religiously unacceptable . 
  saudi arabia , iran , northern nigeria , and china are not likely to have the same liberal views as , say , the netherlands or denmark . 
  saudi arabia and china , like some other nations , extensively filter their internet connection and have created government agencies to protect their society from web sites that officials view as immoral . 
  their views on what should be included in a . sex domain would hardly be identical to those in liberal western nations . 
  those wildly different opinions on sexual material make it inconceivable that a global consensus can ever be reached on what is appropriate or inappropriate for a . sex or . adult top-level domain . 
  moreover , the existence of such a domain would create an irresistible temptation on the part of conservative legislators to require controversial publishers to move to that domain and punish those who do not . 
  some conservative politicians already have complained that icann did not approve . xxx in its october 2000 meeting . 
  during a february 2001 hearing in the u.s. house of representatives , legislators warned that they `` want to explore icann 's rationale for not approving two particular top level domain names -- . kids and . xxx -- as a means to protect kids from the awful smut which is so widespread on the internet '' . 
  it seems plausible that only a few adult publishers , and not those who have invested resources in building a brand around a . com site , would voluntarily abandon their current domain name . 
  instead , they 'd likely add a . xxx variant and keep their original address . 
  the existence of . xxx could propel legislators in the u.s. and other countries to require them to publish exclusively from an adult domain , a move that would invite ongoing political interference with internet governance , and raise concerns about forced speech and self-labeling . 
  in fact , the ultimate arbiter of generic top-level domain names -- at least currently -- is not icann , but the u.s. government . 
  the u.s. congress ' general accounting office in july 2000 reported that the commerce department continues to be responsible for domain names allowed by the authoritative root [ gao ] . 
  the gao 's auditors concluded it was unclear whether the commerce department has the `` requisite authority '' under current law to transfer that responsibility to icann . 
  the american civil liberties union -- and other members of the international global internet liberty campaign -- caution that publishers speaking frankly about birth control , aids prevention , gay and lesbian sex , the social problem of prison rape , etc. , could be coerced into moving to an adult domain . 
  once there , they would be stigmatized and easily blocked by schools , libraries , companies , and other groups using filtering software . 
  publishers of such information , who do not view themselves as pornographers and retain their existing addresses , could be targeted for prosecution . 
  the existence of an adult top-level domain would likely open the door for related efforts , either policy or legislative . 
  there are many different axes through which offensive material can be defined : sex , violence , hate , heresy , subversion , blasphemy , illegal drugs , profanity , political correctness , glorification of crime , incitement to break the law , and so on . 
  such suggestions invite the ongoing lobbying of icann , the u.s. government , and other policy-making bodies by special-interest groups that are not concerned with the technical feasibility or practicality of their advice . 
  an adult top-level domain could have negative legal repercussions by endangering free expression . 
  u.s. supreme court justice sandra day o'connor has suggested that the presence of `` adult zones '' on the internet would make a future communications decency act ( cda ) more likely to be viewed as constitutional . 
  in her partial dissent to the supreme court 's rejection of the cda in 1997 [ cda ] , o'connor said that `` the prospects for the eventual zoning of the internet appear promising '' .
