  i 've wondered whether common law might impose overhead that civil law does not . 
  i have occasionally wished that the us would `` collapse '' past court cases into current law , so that there 's a single source rather than a wide range of sources . 
  i believe that common law , in practice , probably gives the judiciary more power to shape society than civil law does , since common law judiciary can effectively draw lines for society hundreds of years into the future , barring the legislature actually stepping in to create a new law . 
  it 'd be interesting to see some comparisons from legal experts familiar with both , as both have shown a lot of staying power . 
  well , first of all ... this may be just a starting point . 
  you ask for everything you might possibly hope to get . 
  this is n't necessarily a red line . 
  second , the eu has a legit concern here . 
  one possibility would be that the uk , if it gets a super-anti-immigration government starts passing laws that effectively force out guest workers from the eu . 
  just as the uk would n't want spain to do that to its retirees , so the eu would n't want that for people from the eu . 
  that being said , what 's being asked for might be overly-expansive . 
  in the past , the uk did extend some special privileges to organizations that they split off from ( overseas dominions and whatnot ) , but i do n't think that they were in perpetuity -- they only lasted one generation from some deadline . 
  i think that bounding those rights might be more-reasonable . 
  while it might make sense for the uk and the eu to set up some sort of visa arrangements , i 'm not sure that betting the entire arrangement on it is a good idea . 
  also , i could see this applying to , say , permanent residency rights . 
  but to * all * eu rights , even if frozen at the time the uk leaves ? 
  no , that would be like what the uk did to china back in the day , with extraterritorial jurisdiction and special rights for british citizens in china . 
  for example , the eu might decide ( not that this would be contentious in the uk , but as an example ) , that eu citizens are exempt from the death penalty and the uk decide that it wants to impose the death penalty . 
  at that point , the uk would only have the ability to apply the penalty to people who did not hold citizenship in an eu member . 
  i do not think that that is something that a modern-day state would normally accept without coercion . 
   as of this moment she has at least a 50 % shot of being france 's president because she will make it to the second round . 
  no , because she does not have an equal chance of winning in the second round . 
   you know what extremely ` patriotic ' buddhists do in acts of religious fervour ? 
  self emulate . 
  pretty sure that you want `` self-immolate '' . 
  yes . 
  macron is hurt , le pen helped by a strong reaction . 
  strategic voting from hamon supporters giving up on hamon 's chances ? 
  well , / u/kinggeorgecommands has been cheering for it because he hopes that it 'll crack the eu . 
  people tend to respond disproportionately to the actual statistical risk immediately after a heavily-publicized attack . 
   it is sad to see some people in this thread more concerned about the effects this attack will have on the race for president completely disagree with you . 
  the attack directly involves a handful of people . 
  the political impact may overwhelmingly outweigh all other effects . 
  fillon was [ advocating for maximum immigration quotas ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-fillon-immigration-iduskbn14v0tn ) for non-eu nationals . 
  bad for macron , though ... 
  i 'm hoping that france has a `` business as usual '' reaction and it does n't produce a big impact on the french elections ... 
  north korea clearly needs to get into the weight-loss camp business . 
   the document reads like an introduction to the basics of economic theory . 
  not that the manufacturing workers in the us wanting protection for their uncompetitive company over the surplus are going to be likely to read it , though they 'd probably benefit the most from it ... 
   proprietary protocols what are you , some kind of elitist snob ? 
   almost one in four of the internet links shared by french users of social media in the run-up to elections were related to fake news , much of which favoured anti-eu candidates and showed traces of russian influence , according to a new study . 
  in all fairness , you 've got four top candidates . 
  i 'm assuming that since this is `` candidates '' , the plural , that it 's talking about le pen and melenchon , both of which would be a potential frexit . 
  given that that 'd be half of the entire top candidate pool , i 'd think that even evenly-distributed support among all candidates would tend to produce a situation where `` much '' `` favored anti-eu candidates '' . 
  hmm . 
  well , what is it that the ones specifically in russia are doing that 's a concern ? 
  edit : went to try googling around . 
  maybe it 's just a favor for the russian orthodox church ( get rid of the competition ) in exchange for support from that church ? 
  https://blog.oup.com/2017/04/banning-jehovahs-witnesses-russia/  in the 1990s , scholars spoke of a newly opened religious marketplace , in which post-soviet citizens , freed from the constraints of state-enforced atheism , shopped around among the faith traditions . 
  it is fair to say that these days , this marketplace has fewer customers , fewer stalls , and more regulations . 
  [ wapo says ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/04/14/russia-labels-jehovahs-witnesses-as-extremists-and-tries-to-ban-them-from-the-country/?utm_term=.3c99022dcc59 ) support for the russian orthodox church , dislike for its pacifist positions , and the fact that it originated in the us :  but experts say there 's something different going on today . 
  the church 's 170,000 russian members do n't vote , wo n't serve in the military and refuse to attend national celebrations that glorify violence . 
  that means they often avoid state-sponsored rallies celebrating , say , the annexation of crimea . 
  that 's a problem for russian president vladimir putin , who is naturally suspicious of groups with pro-western sympathies ( the sect is based in the united states ) . 
  it 's also a way for him to show support to the russian orthodox church . 
  hmm . 
  what do you mean by `` more grammatically correct '' ? 
  just that it has changed less and is more-true to older forms , or that many russian-language speakers in russia are n't following grammatically-correct russian as defined by current language standards in russia ? 
  organizations have already compensated for various polling biases in making win predictions that include bias estimates , and i have n't seen any win predictions yet for le pen in the second round against anyone but fillon . 
  why does russia care ? 
  i mean , on the list of religious organizations that i 'd be concerned about , they seem way , way down the list . 
   le pen is gon na win . 
  are you talking about the first round or the second round ? 
   `` if the uk , after the election , wants to withdraw [ article 50 ] , then the procedure is very clear , '' he said in an interview . 
  `` if the uk wanted to stay , everybody would be in favour . 
  i would be very happy . '' seems sensible . 
  it 's maybe undefined , but i have a very hard time believing that if both sides wanted to terminate exit that it would n't be terminated . 
   he also threatened to veto any brexit deal if it does not guarantee in full the existing rights of eu citizens in britain and said this protection would forever be subject to the jurisdiction of the european court of justice ( ecj ) . 
  i 'm not sure what-all this includes . 
  i have a very hard time believing that the uk would accept never being able to adopt rules that would apply to eu member citizens and conflict with present eu rules after withdrawing from treaties . 
  i also have a hard time believing that the uk would accept ecj jurisdiction on the matter . 
  but ... well , i 'd like to see some analysis of this from someone familiar with the likely points of contention . 
  -  he also moved to allay fears among campaigners that if may wins the election she will try to block future rights of those settled in the uk , specifically the rights of french , polish or other eu citizens to have family members join them . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/residence/family-residence-rights/index_en.htm it looks like spouses , children , grandchildren , and parents of permanent residents must be permitted to acquire permanent residency . 
  it looks like there is a five year delay until this can be transitively-permitted , but that 's a very broad extension -- like , if i am a student in the uk , my parents can then come in , and then five years later they in turn can provide permanent residence to my grandparents , who in turn can pass it on to any children/spouses/grandchildren / etc. 
  i suppose that the uk could block citizenship grants -- these are apparently not guaranteed -- but it does not appear to have any bound on time . 
  it would provide for a potential large resident noncitizen set of guest workers for * quite * a while to come . 
  on one hand , this may not be undesirable from a uk leadership standpoint , and while the * theoretical * maximum number of guest workers may be high , that does not mean the practical number is ( really , depends on what happens to wages post-brexit ... ) . 
  on the other hand , if a large number of people do avail themselves of it , i could see it becoming a major point of political contention in the uk . 
  trying to see if there 's anything that could be leveraged without bound ... https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/590102/family-members-of-eea-nationals-who-have-retained-the-right-of-residence-v3_0.pdf it * looks * like , from reading this , eea nationals get unique treatment in the uk vis-a-vis divorce . 
  normally , if someone marries someone in the uk and then divorces them they need to be working to retain permanent residence , whereas eea nationals and spouses of eea nationals do not . 
  so if someone from the eu marries someone in the uk with permanent residence , stays married for three years , and then divorces them , unlike someone not from the eu , they could remain in the uk on welfare without being legally-required to support themselves the way a non-eu citizen would . 
  i 'm not sure how politically-significant that is . 
  man , that camouflage that kadyrov 's wearing at the end when they 're pinning some medal on him for something looks really old -- everyone else they show is wearing digital camouflage . 
  ca n't see what it is in a [ list of russian camouflage ] ( http://camopedia.org/index.php?title=russia ) , so maybe it 's just a commercial store-bought pattern . 
   [ ryan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_ryan ) has a bachelor 's degree in economics and political science from miami university in oxford , ohio , [ 29 ] where he became interested in the writings of friedrich hayek , ludwig von mises , and milton friedman . 
  [ 21 ] he often visited the office of libertarian professor richard hart to discuss the theories of these economists and of ayn rand . 
  [ 21 ] [ 30 ] [ balls to the wall ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/balls_to_the_wall ) maximum free trade time !, 
  edit : also , the republicans have their rare control of all three houses , probably will continue to do so for four years at least , the head of the republican party is the * white house chief of staff * , have overwhelming control of the state governments and houses , and in the uk the tories are about to get almost unprecedented political control of the uk . 
  both of those two pretty-darn right us and uk have swung unusually right even for them . 
  it 's gon na be some freeeeee trading . 
   as a result , at a certain point the number of people on these islands would get too large . 
  the core idea is n't to put people somewhere else -- you ca n't stash a million people on an island somewhere -- but that people would stop coming unless they were in immediate and dire threat to their life if they knew that they were just going to wind up on an island somewhere . 
   well , maybe sanctions against the regime should be enforced , for a killing that possibly was related to corruption in local government ? 
  that 's a crummy situation , but it 's not something that 's threatening other countries . 
  i have n't read the text , but from the article , i 'd be surprised if the resolution required any action . 
  more a matter of sending messages . 
  i would be surprised if most nato members would do any hypothetical korean war part deaux ... and it 's well outside the scope of nato itself . 
  the major concern , the ussr supporting military expansion of communist countries that would have made the issue relevant to europe in the original conflict , does n't exist today . 
  it 's a state threatening it 's neighbors half a world away from europe .
