  substantial cruise missile capability . 
  against any but the largest military powers , the uk is pretty potent in conventional terms -- could probably knock out just about any country 's power generation capacity and thus bring it to the point of non-functionality . 
   because the financial sector will only take a dive if the borders between the eu and the uk grow more rigid , but if not for the financial sector , which other companies would move to the uk ? 
  the us runs a solid service-based economy . 
  i 'd also expect the uk would do the same . 
  c'mon , a hundred years ago , all of our economies were radically different , as economic needs were different . 
  the british economy was n't going to freeze in place anyway . 
   production and manufacturing ? 
  exporting to the eu would probably be met with import taxes . 
  automation-heavy , maybe . 
  i do not think that british labor will be cheap enough to permit labor-intensive manufacturing to come back . 
  also , my expectation is that the uk will have an fta with the eu ( as well as probably the us and probably canada and possibly countries nearby in africa ) before too long . 
   the us is just now trying to get their shit back together and president trump is always rallying for more businesses to start manufacturing in the us of a again , we 're doing fine . 
  trump concerned me at first , but he 's turning out to very vocally be doing very little . 
  he 's keeping his electorate happy with a flood of news about bringing low-skill jobs back while he adopts no substantial changes on trade . 
  he 's also intentionally adopted an immigration policy that would be shot down in court so that he can flail around and show how hard he 's fighting for his supporters without doing anything . 
  oh , and he 's doing the usual `` i would totally pass this policy but the other party wo n't let me '' song and dance , but using `` internal disagreements '' with the republican party in congress . 
  things are pretty normal policy-wise around here , if wacky politically . 
  i suspect that it is * very * likely that the us and the uk will sign a trade agreement . 
  if you 're concerned about the terms , you can look at nafta , which seems pretty reasonable to me -- canada 's smaller than the uk . 
   thing is , the uk would start in a bad place if the exit talks for the brexit do n't go as planned , seeing as they will have to negotiate a shit ton of new trade deals with every single country imaginable and the eu , which i pray will not treat them like a lover scorned . 
  i do n't know what will happen here , and this is more-important to the uk than a us fta . 
  but my guess and hope is that there 's more separation between the bureaucracies in europe hammering out policy and the politicians politicking ( `` do n't worry , we wo n't go easy on 'em ! '' ), 
  than is publicly visible . 
  the eu has , in the long run , an interest in maintaining good relations too . 
  the last thing she needs is an antagonized uk actively off trying to make life difficult . 
  my guess will be this : * the eu will probably try to keep the door open long term for the uk rejoining . 
  * the eu and uk will probably establish an fta , and i would not be surprised if it includes financial services ( though the eu may extract some money here and put itself to do so more in the future ) . 
  * people in the eu and the uk will be permitted to stay where they are . 
  * the eu will probably seek to establish a lot of eu control over any economic agreement , based on what it has done with turkey , switzerland , norway , etc -- a lot of `` can change when we want and you ca n't do anything but rely on our good will '' . 
  not sure whether this sort of thing will be successful or is a good idea , but it 'd be in line with the past . 
  in particular , i can long term see the uk putting together a bloc of countries ( europeriphery ? ), 
  that use leverage to informally block moves like this via their own combined mass if it becomes much of an irritation to them . 
   and correct me if i am wrong here , but is n't a lot of uk agriculture heavily subsidized with eu money ? 
  on the net , no -- cap is a net loss to the uk . 
  if the uk wanted to subsidize uk agriculture , it could do so itself . 
  i suspect that the major goal of cap was to buy off french farmers who otherwise would not have accepted the eu . 
   fuck may i do n't know all of her work , but nothing seems all that objectionable to me . 
  i think that most objection i 've seen was more because she was a tory pm or home secretary during snooper 's charter . 
  have to see how things go . 
  it 's a fair question , and we 'll find out . 
  but the uk has an educated population ( with , obviously , good english proficiency ) , solid climate , no border problems ( well , short of war with the eu ) , a location between the eu and the us , one of thr most-liberal economies , and a long history of overachieving . 
  there 's risk , but that 's true of most things . 
  if it turns out that the uk sees a major reduction in finance , then i expect that it 'll be off doing something else as new companies show up . 
  i expect disruption , but i would be quite surprised by disaster . 
   stuff like having france police our channel border for us . 
  france might use that as leverage , but it 's not an eu institution * per se * -- it 's a franco-anglo agreement . 
  also , under normal circumstances ( no crowd of migrants at calais trying to claim refugee status ) it just makes sense . 
  you do n't want sketchy people in the channel tunnel if possible anyway . 
  besides , if the uk started banning asylum for anyone not directly coming from an unsafe country -- legitimate under refugee convention terms , if creating a thorny problem where a person ca n't be deported -- or withdrew from the refugee convention , it 'd also address the issue from an asylum standpoint . 
  mind , i thought that remain was more-likely to be the best option and advocated for it on here . 
  but perspective on what leave means is also important -- it 's a shrinking , but the uk remains among the most-influential countries in the world . 
  the uk is wielding a smaller club , but also has more control over it . 
  the uk will also probably wind up establishing partnerships with the eu on things , same way canada and the us do . 
  and canada 's never wanted to join the us thus far , and that has worked out for them . 
   with trump at the white house , farage is the least of your problems . 
  trump is embarrassing and regrettably does not seem to give much of a damn about how he influences public opinion among his supporters , just whether they support him . 
  however , despite his grandiose statements and self-marketing , he has done very little to push real , significant policy . 
  he may wind up being one of the least-influential-on-policy presidents ( with the party having the most-influence ) in us history . 
   i doubt americans care that much about something very specific like the eu - uk relations . 
  not if it does n't intrude into their world , but farage has , if nothing else , consistently attempted to sell a sour image of the eu . 
  he was fairly successful at it in the uk , and that 's exactly why it might not be fantastic to have him on a very large pulpit , like fox , over here . 
   scotland , wales and ni are just accessories . 
  this is about as dumb as saying that the less-populous eu members are just accessories . 
  i mean , certainly * smaller * , but the [ fifth largest economy in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 ) , and the [ sixth highest-ranked military power on globalfirepower ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) . 
  that 's not really a small fish unless you 're treating everything but a very few countries at the top ( one ? 
  two ? 
  three ? ), 
  as small . 
  i kind of wish that the irish would cool it too -- there are some people on here that really have a bone to pick with the brits -- but then , the history between you guys was also a lot longer than world war i and ii were . 
  also , there are a couple of brits on here who are pretty outspoken about the germans , so ... 
   well , seeing how close they were to supporting the krauts in wwii , ireland [ did provide some quiet assistance to the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality_during_world_war_ii ) :  despite the official position of neutrality , there were many unpublicised contraventions of this , such as permitting the use of the donegal corridor to allied military aircraft , and extensive co-operation between allied and irish intelligence , including exchanges of information , such as detailed weather reports of the atlantic ocean . 
  for example , the decision to go ahead with the d-day landings was decided by a weather report from blacksod bay , county mayo . 
  [ 1 ] -  in his book wings over ireland -- history of the irish air corps , donal mccarron gives extensive details on the otherwise secret rathduff aerodrome . 
  he states that as early as the summer of 1940 both governments were worried about the `` doomsday scenario '' of a successful invasion of britain . 
  the raf would need at least one aerodrome to continue the fight in ireland and both the irish and british armies secretly scouted for a site in the south of ireland . 
  the other airfields of rineanna near limerick and dublin airport and baldonnel near dublin would cover other parts of ireland , so the raf was keen on a site near the southeast coast . 
    the irish army disagreed , fearing a german invasion would overrun it quickly , so both finally agreed on a site in the south of county tipperary , in the valley of the river suir , east of the galtee mountains . 
  this also suited the irish army as they had built a secret command headquarters near a convent school seven miles away to be used in case of invasion . 
  the name `` rathduff '' was chosen as a cover because such a name is to be found all over munster . 
  both sites were completely out of bounds for all normal military operations . 
  gee , thanks . 
  also , you might consider what the implications of his positions on the eu being widely disseminated and accepted in the us via the news media would be . 
   we shall see you what you will say , when erdogan forbids german citizens from voting in turkey . 
  it wo n't be as-significant , because fewer people are moving * to * turkey . 
  if this policy were adopted internationally , it would favor countries that are destinations for emigration , granting them political power over countries that are sources of emigration . 
  very bad , for , say , the baltics , but great for germany . 
  i still think that this is a really bad idea and if it becomes entrenched or accepted , bound to set off international fights around the world . 
  that is , i think that countries generally want to permit emigration without granting external political influence over themselves . 
  i think that most of the time , country a is not made as much more-happy by having power over country b than b is made angry by a having power over it . 
  is expressing a preference on the death penalty elsewhere against your constitution ? 
  because that 's really what 's being done here . 
  that is n't even really what i 'm concerned about , because theoretically germany * could * add it to her constitution ... it 's just that this looks like a really bad precedent , with countries trying to leverage dual citizenships to push policy down the road . 
  i realize that one could argue that turkey `` started it '' by specifically targeting turkish citizens in germany , but i do n't think that this is a good way to resolve it . 
  i mean , i 'd be in pretty vehement disagreement with my government if the us government started blocking german citizens residing in the us from voting on issues that were n't in line with us law from the us . 
   others , like us citizens , are allowed to denaturalize but get a hefty bill for the process . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  [ no we do n't ] ( http://www.renunciationguide.com/expatriation-process/renunciation-step-by-step/ ) . 
  you go to a us embassy and renounce , and they make sure that you 're not under duress and understand the implications of what you 're doing . 
  you may be thinking of turkey , which charges a fee to give up citizenship if you have n't done your military service for turkey ... 10k euros .
