  assert that this difference stems from the war/nazi period . 
  talk about the world wars , which people are familiar with and can relate to . 
  touching in it . 
  holding in it . 
  ... rolling around in it . 
  swimming in it . 
   the irish times reports that the council 's road department replied that it was due to a `` deeper underlying subsoil/geotechnical problem '' . 
  yeah , nice try , road department . 
  you do n't know either , do you ? 
  those were all `` state capitalist '' * fake * omelettes that were never * truly * supported by us or were merely supported by a few misguided people !, 
  it is only the * current * omelettes being made that are the one true socialism adhering to the wisdom of marx , and none of the past ones !, 
   mastercard , visa , american express were threatened when the sanctions first hit yet most russians want to keep them because they trust their money will be safe but also when they travel abroad they want a card that 'll actually be accepted . 
  i mean , you * could * require a different payment system in russia than everywhere else . 
  just have two different payment systems . 
  probably get crummy or more-expensive point-of-sale and similar systems , but eh . 
  back when everyone was yelling about ttip , was n't one of the rationales on here from people opposed that it was totally unacceptable because the eu could n't accept food from factory farms like those in the us , because those activists felt that they were inhumane and unsanitary ? 
    seems like an awkward way to get road taxes paid . 
    it 's the most smooth way possible , because it 's proportional and predictable . 
  < dubious look  you want a corporate tax because you think that it 's an effective way to fund road infrastructure use ? 
  * let 's say that the company is a trucking company , which would probably be a great example of one that 's heavy on road infrastructure . 
  they set up shop across the border in , say , slovenia . 
  you 're using corporate tax . 
  how are you getting your road funds ? 
  * your argument is that a company * might * be infrastructure-heavy and you do n't want an externality . 
  i 'll respond with `` okay , and it could be as-easily infrastructure-light '' . 
  average out infrastructure costs to choose a corporate tax and you 're still leaving an externality that 's probably not much better . 
  charge as much as the the heaviest user and you drive off infrastructure-light users . 
  i can see an argument that one should adjust one 's tax code to take into account infrastructure use . 
  i have a very difficult time swallowing `` and thus that means that we should use corporate tax '' . 
   you also have companies that are very capital intensive , but not labor intensive , but still need a lot of support in the form of roads , infrastructure , space , etc. 
  those would cost more to the state than they yield , so no state would accept them . 
  seems like an awkward way to get road taxes paid . 
  that 's normal in the us . 
   germany is not estonia , romania , or even poland . 
  unlike these countries , for germany 2 % of the gdp is a lot of waste of money that can be put to much better use . 
  so , the idea behind collective security is that you do n't let whoever is at most-immediate concern go handle things themselves on their own . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collective_security  collective security can be understood as a security arrangement , political , regional , or global , ** in which each state in the system accepts that the security of one is the concern of all ** , and therefore commits to a collective response to threats to , and breaches to peace . 
  here are a range of figure from wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_state_of_iraq_and_the_levant  list of combatant numbers   inside syria and iraq :   * 200,000 [ 33 ] ( kurdish claim in 2014 )  * 100,000 [ 34 ] ( jihadist claim in 2015 )  * 20,000 -- 31,000 [ 35 ] ( cia estimate in 2014 )  * 19,000 -- 25,000 [ 36 ] [ 37 ] ( cia estimate in early 2016 )  * 15,000 -- 20,000 ( estimate given by us officials in late 2016 ) [ 38 ]   outside syria and iraq :   32,600 -- 57,900 ( see military of isil for more detailed estimates . ), 
    estimated total : 47,600 -- 257,900, 
  go to / r/unitedkingdom and ask 'em what they think of the uk . 
  i mean , lots of people on / r/guns probably take a dim view of russia politically , but that does n't mean that they 're not gon na buy an authentic kalashnikov . 
  i do n't follow the vatnik thing , but i think that it 's probably possible to dislike the us politically but like products from us-based companies . 
  did they explicitly say that all products from the west are junk ? 
  my stats-fu is weak , but iirc it assumes that if you have a set of variables , it finds how much each is correlated with an output variable ( here , leave/remain support ) it spits out an equation that for the dataset you 're given will try to approximate remain support given the input variables alone . 
  so as long as any interactions between variables are simple-enough , and as long as you 've included all the relevant inputs ( the link implies that they included age , given that it talks about being elderly ) , and as long as two input variables are not perfectly-correlated , and as long as you have enough data points , and probably a bunch of other assumptions ... ... this will find the variable ( e.g. 
  age ) that is most-tightly correlated with the output . 
  this will work because age is n't * perfectly * correlated with education . 
  like , let 's say there 's a particularly elderly voting district that has a disproportionately-high level of education . 
  you can see how it does versus other voting districts that are old but not as educated . 
  if age better-predicts the outcome , you know it 's age , and if education better-predicts the outcome , it 's education . 
  correlation and causation are not identical . 
  education was correlated with support for remain . 
  note that `` it '' has different meanings in different contexts . 
  in economics , it 's normal to group up software/data companies and call them `` it '' . 
  but a software developer is unlikely to say that he works in it : that 's what people who build and maintain * instances * of computer systems do , like a systems administrator who is responsible for ensuring that a set of servers operate correctly . 
  a company that `` does it '' would provide outsourced it services , for example . 
  i strongly suspect that you guys are coming at it using two different sets of jargon . 
  yeah , and i 've gone through a few documents , like the swedish constitution and some french and german stuff . 
  it works for some limited stuff . 
  the problem is that the implications of the primary document itself are rarely entirely clear to a layman even in the language in question , much less a foreign one . 
  i can translate individual documents -- iirc , i did that with the russian anti-extremism law that we were talking about . 
  but trying to search for legal discussion or expansion is a lost cause . 
  for example , i suspect that every country in europe has some set of guarantees that they consider to be providing freedom of speech . 
  but what exactly that * means * varies from place to place . 
  here 's the bulgarian constitution in english : http://www.parliament.bg/en/const/  article 30 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone shall be entitled to personal freedom and inviolability . 
  there 's a whole lot of * stuff * potentially wrapped up there . 
  it might be merely a nice-sounding nothingness . 
  it might be a prohibition on use of prison as a punishment . 
  both are very probably not the case . 
  what it means in practice depends on a lot of decisions that have been made in the past , the difficulty of amending the bulgarian constitution , the system for ensuring that laws are in accordance with the constitution , exceptions that apply , how subject the bulgarian judicial system is to political influence , and so forth . 
  and that 's hard to judge without supporting documents . 
  unless you 're a bulgarian lawyer and have spent a lifetime on it and already know it implicitly , that means searching for it . 
  most documents are probably going to be in bulgarian . 
  so unless you know bulgarian -- not even bulgarian legalese -- you 're going to have a tough time knowing much about it or even searching further for the right document to translate . 
  [ google 's android has 88 % of the smartphone market as of q3 last year ] ( https://qz.com/826672/android-goog-just-hit-a-record-88-market-share-of-all-smartphones/ ) . 
  100 % market share is not necessary to have a monopoly . 
  just enough to significantly impact the terms determine the terms on which a consumer of the product may get access to it . 
  hell , it 'd probably be correct to say that apple and google have split up consumers into two pools for which each is a monopoly supplier , since as one purchases software and builds familiarity , the degree to which android and ios are partial substitutes for each other falls off . 
  he came after de gaulle . 
   he did no such thing . 
  nor is that what the section of text you quoted is saying . 
  instead , he is giving a rough prediction of when an ai could play the imitation game at that level . 
  the same paper is also arguing for a behavioral definition of intelligence . 
  it was using the test as an example of a metric of intelligence . 
   for instance , remember how an ai managed to beat human masters last year ? 
  that was n't supposed to happen for at least another decade . 
  it was thought impossible with current technology . 
  ai is breaking predictions all over . 
  uh , huh . 
  i 've tried arguing a less-enthusiastic standpoint on places like / r/futurology , and the people there will have none of it : the technological singularity is just around the corner , ibm 's created something that 's virtually human , immortality and a world of superabundance awaits , and so forth . 
  i do n't want it do this again -- it 's exhausting . 
  there 's a veritable cult of technology there , with one constant -- none of the people there do technical work on ai , but all read the press releases from each company and have formed profound opinions about the state of affairs . 
  they do n't have any idea what the state of research funding is . 
  they do n't know what the technical barriers to be solved are . 
  they simply do not care about anything that you show them . 
  maybe you 're not like that , but i 'm not going to argue this with you . 
  it 's on the level with arguing religion -- and my personal opinion is that for many people , ai psychologically represents the promised land . 
  what i will say is that you go your way and i 'll go mine , and i 'm pretty damn confident that twenty years from now , humans are still going to be employed doing mental work . 
  i do n't know whether she has been .
