  summary : reduced liquidity , increased volatility , did n't raise as much money as had been expected . 
   anglosaxon anti eu agitprop campaign mises was austrian-american , man . 
  for those not familiar with ludvig von mises , well , let 's just say that he 's substantially to the economic right of the us right on economics , and mises.org collects some pretty hardcore no-government-market-only positions . 
  if mises.org does n't like the eu , it 's probably because the eu is bigger-government than the uk , which is bigger-government than the us , which needs to be radically stripped down and clearly interferes with markets and regulates far , far too much . 
  for example : https://mises.org/library/externalities-argument  the analysis above on the nature of utility is satisfactory for discrediting the idea of using externalities as a rational basis for government policy decisions . 
  that 's opposition to looking for externalities to try to set up markets to solve problems . 
  not because there 's oppositions to solving problems with markets -- the idea of government running things is anathema -- but because the very concept that we might understand markets well enough to be able to improve on them is scandalous . 
  or [ taxation is robbery ] ( https://mises.org/library/taxation-robbery ) i mean , i 'd say that i lean right-libertarian , but mises.org is well to the economic right of me . 
  * check only vehicles above a certain weight . 
  it * might * be acceptable to the irish -- no idea -- to have a hard border for large lorries , if other vehicles and movement did n't have such a restriction . 
  yeah , you could fill a car up with vegetables and keep moving it across the border , but there 's probably some point where it just is n't practical . 
  does n't really solve the problem for high-value goods like cell phones . 
  * spot-check vehicles . 
  as long as the penalties for smuggling are very severe and as long as it 's acceptable to the irish to have , say , 0.5 % of vehicles transiting the border stopped , that might be enough to make everyone happy . 
  * the eu goes to a zero tariff schedule . 
  charge nothing for importing anything . 
  completely eliminate tariff-based protectionism across the board . 
  then it 's not the eu that is facing smuggling issues , but the uk . 
  not going to make french farmers happy . 
  aside from the initial shock , probably be great for the eu 's economic efficiency . 
  i doubt that this is currently politically-acceptable in the eu . 
  well , i mean , they 're potentially-impacted . 
  ni-roi could be a hole in the eu 's customs union , which has tended to protect french agriculture . 
  i 've got some real objections with the press freedom index . 
  for example , it rewards unionization of journalists , which i do not see as an element of a free press . 
  so , a ton of your posts are complaining about turkish people one way or another . 
  what is your problem ? 
  it 's outside of nato 's scope . 
  it 's not that it 's ineffectual ; it 's just that it 's not what nato covers ( not unless there 's a fight and actual invocation of article by by one or both or something like that ) . 
  i personally doubt nato would want to be the one to settle the issue . 
  further , i 'd oppose it . 
  * signing onto nato does not involve giving it authority to restrict one 's military in such a way . 
  simply asserting authority because of membership would be really disturbing . 
  nato works well , as i see it , because it * does n't * suffer from scope creep . 
  hell , if you live in a nato member , would you want nato mandating that nato make and you abide by nato 's territorial decisions ? 
  probably not . 
  * the core of the matter is a territorial dispute between greece and turkey . 
  there are a number of ways to work that out , but nato is not the right organization to make a territorial decision . 
  it 's not even a military decision . 
  hell , the fact that turkey and greece are sending up fighter jets is n't even a military decision -- that 's a policy decision set by the civilian administration . 
  the only time nato involvement comes up is if the two want it to provide information on something ( e.g. 
  nato can probably describe the exact position of any planes if there 's a dispute over where they were ) . 
  yeah . 
  but turkey 's also the one sending up fighters . 
  there are a lot of countries around the world with land disputes , and most do n't have this happening . 
  we have a [ territorial dispute with canada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/machias_seal_island ) , but somehow it does n't result in us scrambling fighters against each other . 
  canada pays to keep two ornithologists on the island . 
  one of these days , we 'll probably negotiate some sort of solution , but i doubt that we 'll ever wind up having fighter planes facing off over it before then . 
  what 's the point ? 
  neither of us plans to shoot down or seize things going through the area . 
  canada and denmark have a territorial dispute over [ hans island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_island ) . 
  they are n't sending up fighters against each other . 
  they just swap a flag and a bottle of alcohol to keep things friendly when they periodically visit . 
  so , i do n't see any real benefit to having you two launching fighter planes at each other . 
  your dispute * could * look like macchias seal island or hans island . 
  instead , it 's got people scrambling fighters at each other . 
  not really . 
  i mean , nato does n't have the ability to tell countries what they must do with their military . 
  it , and the military in general , is n't an authority on deciding territorial disputes , which is really what is at the core of this . 
  in fact , i 'd be kinda unhappy to have nato making such decisions , because it 'd probably leave at least one party sour . 
  even if greece and turkey share iff information -- and i 'm not at all sure that they do -- i doubt that iff systems do more than warn . 
  i do n't think that they 'd prevent someone who wanted to from shooting at a plane -- i 'm sure that there 's a way to intentionally shoot at a `` friend '' . 
  too much risk of it being exploited in war . 
  one other solution : bilaterally agree to establish a dmz , which is off-limits to military flights but does not force countries to concede their claim . 
  that 'd maintain the stalemate on claims while avoiding the military stuff . 
  greece would not be able to operate military within a certain region of what it considers its own territory either . 
  however , it might be a preferable alternative to both . 
  a few other perks : * at least as i described it , the eu is n't forced to make a territorial determination -- it simply provides enforcement of rulings of member state courts on airspace violations . 
  * the baltics have had similar complaints with russian airspace violations in the past . 
  i do n't know whether they 're regular and intentional or not , but if so , it would provide a non-military route to deter violations up there . 
  * fines are `` boring '' . 
  it 's hard for anyone to use them to work things up the way a flaming plane going down is . 
  * it is an action that permits determination to be taken at leisure . 
  shooting down a plane means that someone in the military needs to make a split-second call . 
  a lot of ways that can go wrong . 
  * equivalent response favors the eu . 
  if turkey responds and shoots down a * greek * plane in disputed territory , both sides wind up equally-burned . 
  turkey could impose fines and limit freedom-of-the-air access to airlines ... but it 'd be more-expensive for turkey . 
  all of that being said , there 's also another option : at the end of the day , this is a matter of disputed territory , and probably would not happen without that , and assuming that both countries are willing to come to terms , that would end the whole dispute `` properly '' . 
  having countries make a determination about which country has the territory and work it out . 
  someday , that 's probably going to have to be decided , and i 'm not sure that it 's not in the interests of both parties to iron it out . 
  yeah , that would be a pretty dumb move , actually . 
  the reason the plane flying through the airspace is an issue is because it 's hard to stop a plane without major escalation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_blockade  additionally , unlike a force of tanks and trucks , the soviets could not claim that cargo aircraft were some sort of military threat . 
  in the face of unarmed aircraft refusing to turn around , the only way to enforce the blockade would have been to shoot them down . 
  an airlift would put the soviet union in the position of either shooting down unarmed humanitarian aircraft , thus breaking their own agreements , or backing down . 
  greece does n't want that escalation , and turkey 's betting that that 's the case . 
  solving the problem does n't involve a larger response , but finding a way to respond with limited escalation -- something sufficient to deter flights , but not as large as shooting down planes . 
  given that turkey and the eu have economic ties , the eu has a fair amount of leverage . 
  one thing to do might be to pass a law in greece where if a flight violates greek airspace and is determined to be doing so intentionally ( because greece probably does n't want to deal with every inadvertent clipping of airspace ) , that a court may impose fines . 
  the eu establishes that there are penalties for not paying intentional airspace-violation fines or else other restrictions ( like halting freedom-of-the-air rights ) get imposed eu-wide . 
  that will create an incentive for turkey to stop flying planes through greek airspace . 
  it will have the eu provide something of value for greece . 
  it does n't result in a spat or people being killed . 
  it makes a lot more sense from pretty much everyone 's standpoint than shooting a plane down , as i see it . 
  the costs to the eu of having a fight with turkey are going to greatly outweigh any gains in terms of airspace violations . 
  the ussr massively outnumbered finland . 
  they had much more and newer equipment . 
  iirc , you 're talking about something like a 100:1 disparity in tanks involved in the conflict , even ignoring the ussr 's benefit in modern equipment . 
  far more aircraft .
