  sure , he 'd be technically on the hook , but if it 's not enforceable , and the mother never expected it to be ... < shrug , 
  i 'm highlighting the difference between two scenarios . 
  you 're talking about a situation without an eu citizen parent , where the child acquires citizenship via being born on eu soil . 
  you said that this meant that citizenship acquisition did not change . 
  i 'm pointing out that it does matter in the case where : * there is an eu citizen parent . 
  * there is a non eu citizen parent . 
  * the child acquires citizenship from the eu citizen parent . 
  now the non-eu citizen parent has legal permanent residency and thus a path to citizenship . 
  if something can be privatized , it avoids tying it to a monopoly -- which a government inherently has . 
  i 'd advocate for strong free speech positions , and i have posted to neither ( and rather think that both le pen and donald are very disappointing specimens of politicians in their respective countries ) . 
  burning crosses is not legal in the us ( at least not in the sense of leaving one on someone 's front lawn at night -- that 's a threat that unless they move , you will come back and attack them , and death threats or threats of violence are * not * protected in the us ) . 
   america does n't have hate laws , or rather hate laws are extremelely liberal compared to yurop . 
  we have no hate speech concept in our legal system . 
  we do have a concept of a `` hate crime '' ( e.g. 
  beating someone up because they 're gay ) , but that does n't render ordinarily-legal speech illegal . 
   a considerably larger proportion of the american electorate is uninformed hmm . 
  maybe . 
  well , the * queen mary 2 * on that list is still active as a liner ( though probably with a goal more of entertaining than cheaply shipping people from point a to point b ) . 
  http://www.cunard.com/cruise-deals/special-offers/transatlantic-crossings/ the lowest transatlantic price i see there is $ 549/person , and that 's not counting another $ 70 in mandatory fees ... and it takes 7 days , apparently . 
  that 's how the kid can obtain citizenship by simply being born on eu soil , even without an eu citizen parent . 
  but if you 're willing to find one eu citizen who will have a kid with you * and * is willing to be a deadbeat ( probably living abroad ) , then you can use this route , since the kid will have citizenship by virtue of being the eu citizen 's kid . 
  that is , sham marriage restrictions would n't apply . 
  you ca n't marry and then immediately-divorce -- a quick skim shows that , at least in the us , apparently the naturalization process has to complete , which apparently takes a couple of years . 
  that 's a natural rate limit . 
  not saying that it does n't happen , someone * could * set up a company farming out people doing this , but given that even showing fraudulent * intent * , that you did n't plan to build a life together but just wanted to get citizenship , is enough to kill it . 
  that 's risky for a company doing this . 
  the parenthood route would n't depend on that -- it 'd be independent of intent . 
  given that there was n't legal precedent , not much . 
  but ... would you be willing to bear and raise a kid from some random guy for a huge increase in quality-of-life and opportunities ? 
  i 'm male , but i think that if i lived in eritrea ( well , okay , and was n't one of a very few people who live the good life over there ) that i 'd take that exchange . 
  the millionaire 's visa in the us ( naturalization via investing $ 1m in a job-creating enterprise ; granted , there 's no guarantee of loss , so the real `` cost '' is under $ 1m ) is always sold out . 
  if you look at the value of labor in eritrea and the work involved in raising a kid -- significant as it is -- i 'd still say that raising a kid is a very favorable trade . 
  possibly more-significant : raising a kid is not skilled labor ( probably get lynched here by some parents , but ... ) . 
  the return increases as someone 's other job prospects fall off . 
  so this is a naturalization policy that is n't merely agnostic , but favors unskilled labor . 
  plus , remember that you may well want to have a kid ( or a number ) * anyway * . 
  the constraint is just that you have to be willing to have said kid with some deadbeat dad who has eu citizenship . 
  seems like it creates a substantial incentive to have a kid with an eu national , rather than simply to marry them , if marriage is not necessary . 
  it also sounds like in the eu ( unlike the us ) , if a parent does not or can not pay child support , the state is responsible for covering child support payments . 
  that * could * produce a substantial externality -- if a woman abroad who does not have a legal route to eu citizenship is willing to have a child with an eu citizen to obtain eu citizenship , the eu member state will pay to raise the kid . 
  basically , you 'd have to find an eu citizen who is willing to be on the hook for not paying child support ( say , living abroad ) . 
  but if so , he can effectively extend eu citizenship to an arbitrary number of women without the normal restrictions on sham marriages . 
  hmm . 
  i 'd note that there 's been a lot of frustration and beating-selves-up in this forum over dieselgate in the eu . 
  while some elements in the us might have worked better ( like giving manufacturers less control over who did testing ) , i suspect that the us has the same general issue with testing deviating from real world conditions , and manufacturers being able to optimize for tests rather than for the real-world case . 
  there was some to-do about how [ cigarette manufacturers placed vents on cigarettes which were designed such that cigarette testing machines at the time did not block the vents , but smokers placed their fingers over them ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4047634/#!po=92.6230 ) . 
  this made them test as being healthier , but still let people get the full load of nicotine and whatnot . 
  i 'm not sure what the best way to deal with this is , but i do n't think that it 's really an issue with the eu as such . 
  it might be worth significantly re-thinking how the regulatory regime works in countries around the world , especially as it becomes easier to build logic into electronic devices . 
  one possibility might be to create a system where it 's profitable for `` investigatory companies '' to track down test abuse . 
  for example , currently regulatory agencies impose fines on a punitive basis , to discourage companies from doing such a thing again . 
  it might make sense to make the party that finds such a flaw in the testing system and can sell the regulatory authority on the flaw eligible to receive some of those fines . 
  that has several nice properties : * it makes it harder for [ regulatory capture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture ) to occur , since there is no longer a monopoly by regulatory agencies on being able to do funded work to find problems with testing . 
  final authority remains with the state , but it could be forced into an awkward public defense if it does not crack down in an egregious situation . 
  * it creates a convenient mechanism for investors to hedge against loss via regulatory penalties ( not sure how important it is , but if it 's a high-risk concern , you 've got a way to avoid it ) . 
  * it makes it easier to shift work across national boundaries . 
  in fact , it 's almost a no-brainer for a company like this to be a multinational and reuse work in whatever fields are similar . 
  that 's a win . 
  * it creates a mechanism for whistleblowers to profit -- if i work for company x and i * know * that we 're cheating the tests , suddenly i have information that is very valuable in the right hands . 
  that in turn makes it very difficult for companies to be able to trust their workers to work against a regulatory authority . 
  hmm . 
  you guys call two-door refrigerators `` american-style '' refrigerators ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of our refrigerators are one door . 
  what are the issues at question ? 
  i mean , obviously there 's a divide in belgium , but i mean ... why now ? 
  what is the new issue that makes staying together unpalatable when it was fine in 1980 , say ? 
  hmm . 
  on one hand , gah . 
  on the other hand , a little of that , a few restrictions on birth control , maybe tfr gets up towards a sustainable level . 
  is belgium slowly progressing towards a divorce ? 
   american-style fridge a what now ? 
   customers also want taxis that wo n't reject them because the 500 meter trip between home and doctor is not worth the opportunity costs . 
  why would it not be worth the opportunity costs ? 
  use a pricing model that accurately-reflects the opportunity costs . 
  i know an uber engineering manager . 
  she has pretty good working conditions . 
  then someone else kills them in the marketplace . 
  uber lowers the bar to be able to provide the service , so it 's hard to keep everyone out . 
  further , there are no specialized roles -- if you can drive a vehicle , you can be an uber driver . 
  and obviously , the drivers are highly mobile . 
  it 'd be really easy for uber to strike-break . 
  fine with me , as long as it works . 
  maybe or maybe not but they 're also generally breaking something that had been a monopoly -- taxi companies had been extracting a ton of money from residents of cities by overcharging due to an uncompetitive market . 
  in new york city , taxi medallions ( licenses ) were selling for about a million dollars each . 
  those companies had politically-entrenched themselves in cities . 
  by cracking that , uber was improving economic efficiency . 
  i think that there 's an argument against doing what uber was doing , but there 's also a really good argument against letting taxi companies do what they had been doing . 
  when leaving a room with many people , this ensures that power is n't wasted -- it 's necessary to say something now since everyone will be gone . 
  using the phrase in situations where it 's not actually applicable is sometimes done as a joke : everyone is not actually leaving ( nor might the situation be a lit room ) but the speaker wants to draw attention to the fact that many people are leaving . 
  well , it does n't really end democracy . 
  would probably be more stable for society to be resistant to false material than just isolated from it . 
  it 's gon na be pretty hard to isolate people informationally these days . 
   another recent piece in sputnik 's english version opens with the possibility that the former french finance minister could be `` a us agent '' possibly `` acting in the interests of the us financial market in france '' . 
  his candidacy is presented as the result of a conspiracy that involves both the rothschild-family and a `` very wealthy gay lobby '' . 
  is there * anywhere * that the cia-homosexual-banker-jew coalition does not exist ? 
  / s  mr kiselev introduces the story by predicting that france will leave the eu , which , he says , will turn the union into `` a fourth reich '' . 
  ah , in this narrative , they seem to be at odds with the nazis , though . 
  well , i 'd be okay with such a thing , but free population movement alone but maintaining separate countries would produce some similar issues with what the eu is seeing -- people move from poorer members to wealthier members . 
  in the eu , that might be a plus in that it helps mix populations and move towards a combined identity . 
  but it also produces some serious issues : the draining of income in poorer members , for example .
