  communism extends this to eliminating money , private property , and so forth . 
  no country , including those run by communist parties , claims to have achieved communism -- just socialism . 
  the ( theoretical ) aspiration of communist parties was to one day get to communism . 
  ca n't be more ludicrous up there than here . 
  which would enshrine in treaty the exception , yes ? 
  the robots are surpassing humanity . 
   while azerbaijan does n't outlaw homosexuality , they do n't have legal protections for homosexuals either . 
  uh , so ? 
  the us does n't have explicit legal protections of left-handers either , and they do n't `` prohibit left-handers '' . 
  hell , i think that the us should * end * the status of `` hate crime '' -- that is , if you 're gon na throw someone off a building for * any reason * , the punishment should be sufficient to discourage it . 
  he 's not talking about what individual humans do -- he 's not saying that society becomes pacifist . 
  he 's saying that countries do n't benefit via conquest any more . 
  he 's arguing that as production shifts from the [ primary sector ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primary_sector_of_the_economy ) and societies stop being agricultural , production is no longer bound to natural resources , and limited by the land you possess . 
  instead , labor becomes the bottleneck on production in an industrial or post-industrial economy . 
  and in that case , the real money does n't come from conquest . 
  the us has gobs of military clout and is quite comfortable fighting wars , but has n't been off annexing land to itself -- instead , it 's enforced the status quo . 
  there 's just not much money in annexation in the present stage of economic development in the world . 
  or tsipras * i 'll just use the referendum as a lever to get a great deal , and the eu will totally fold * . 
  there is no political party or candidate in favor of nuking moscow or anything like it . 
  by tactics that have a high probability of taking france out of the eu , which seriously risks destroying the eu . 
  ... you 're talking about a comment from a briton , dude . 
   by tying up a bunch of countries together , you make it more difficult for them to make decisions ... note that the us has in fact always pushed for further eu integration . 
  the us encouraged opening european markets to each other and modernization of european agriculture , in part to increase wealth in europe and thus resistance to communism ( which had been successful at taking root in poorer countries ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan  senator robert a. taft ( r-ohio ) , the most prominent conservative [ citation needed ] , hedged on the issue . 
  he said it was without economic justification ; however , it was `` absolutely necessary '' in `` the world battle against communism . 
  '' ... congress reflected public opinion , which resonated with the ideological argument that communism flourishes in poverty . 
  truman 's own prestige and power had been greatly enhanced by his stunning victory in the 1948 election . 
  across america , multiple interest groups , including business , labor , farming , philanthropy , ethnic groups , and religious groups , saw the marshall plan as an inexpensive solution to a massive problem , noting it would also help american exports and stimulate the american economy as well . 
  major newspapers were highly supportive , including such conservative outlets as time magazine . 
  vandenberg made sure of bipartisan support on the senate foreign relations committee . 
  regional attitudes played little part [ clarification needed ] ; the solid democratic south was highly supportive , the upper midwest was dubious , but heavily outnumbered . 
  the plan was opposed by conservatives in the rural midwest , who opposed any major government spending program and were highly suspicious of europeans . 
  [ 63 ] the plan also had some opponents on the left , led by henry a. wallace , the former vice president . 
  he said the plan was hostile to the soviet union , a subsidy for american exporters , and sure to polarize the world between east and west . 
  [ 64 ] however , opposition against the marshall plan was greatly reduced by the shock of the communist coup in czechoslovakia in february 1948 . 
  the appointment of the prominent businessman paul g. hoffman as director reassured conservative businessmen that the gigantic sums of money would be handled efficiently . 
  the advice that was given was in-line with what had made the us well-off and the best us assessment of what would economically build up europe . 
  * you * guys produced the veto-instead-of-qmv voting structure of the eu , not us . 
  do n't blame us for that . 
  you want to change it , change it . 
   perhaps it 's nato that has stopped war , not the eu . 
  maybe it 's both . 
  `` auto accident casualties have dropped ! '', 
  `` it 's seatbelts that did it ! '', 
  `` it 's airbags that did it ! '', 
  `` seatbelts ! '', 
  `` airbags ! '', 
   there are 27 country in the eu and that british selfish behaviour , always asking for more and a special treatment was stalling the whole union . 
  the brexit is the best thing that could happen to us really . 
  they asked for an exception to one of the four freedoms , the freedom of labor , and france strongly opposed them getting it ( quite possibly rightly , but ... ) . 
  are n't you advocating for melenchon , a guy who is specifically asking for france to have an exception to another one of the four freedoms , the freedom of goods , or having france leave ? 
   well there are rules to follow if you want to be a member of the eu . 
  i mean , you 've got a point , but are n't you advocating for melenchon , a guy who explicitly wants to ignore the eu 's rules to push through a set of changes that he wants for france ? 
  the `` north american plate '' . 
  the americas [ sit on three different plates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:plates_tect2_en.svg ) . 
  yes . 
  hedonists . 
  permitting people to drink on sunday permits alcohol to compete with god for human attention . 
  were alcohol to win some people over , people might not attend church , and souls might be lost . 
  we shall keep the flame alive until you re-accept the lord . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_laws_in_the_united_states * arkansas : arkansas has 75 counties , 39 of which are `` dry '' , meaning the sale of any alcoholic beverage is prohibited entirely . 
  ( some exceptions are made for private facilities ) . 
  private facilities must have licenses , which , in this state , can be rigorous . 
  sale of alcoholic beverages on christmas day is entirely prohibited , even in private facilities . 
  alcohol and liquor sales are entirely prohibited on sunday and christmas day . 
  ( some exceptions for private facilities are made for sundays ) . 
  * florida : several counties prohibit the sale of alcohol and sex toys on sunday and during certain hours . 
  * georgia : sunday retail alcohol sales in stores were prohibited by the georgia general assembly up until 2011 . 
  on april 28 , 2011 , georgia governor nathan deal signed legislation allowing local communities to vote on whether to allow alcohol sales on sundays . 
  [ 5 ] sales are still restricted on sundays before 12:30 p.m. on november 8 , 2011 , voters in more than 100 georgia cities and counties voted on a bill that would allow stores to sell alcohol on sundays . 
  it passed in valdosta , atlanta , savannah and many other cities . 
  * illinois : sunday retail alcohol sales in stores are prohibited until after 11:00 a.m. * indiana : carry-out alcohol sales were strictly prohibited on sundays until 2010 , when the state amended its laws to permit qualified breweries to sell local brews for carryout ( generally growlers ) . 
  restaurants and taverns can generally still serve alcoholic beverages . 
  [ 11 ] alcohol sales are no longer prohibited on new years day unless it falls on a sunday . 
  the sunday rule that prohibits alcohol sales at carry-out venues is still in effect . 
  * minnesota : the sale of alcohol in liquor stores is prohibited statewide on sundays . 
  [ 26 ] as recently as the 2015 legislative session , proposals to allow sunday liquor sales have been defeated . 
  however , sunday growler purchases are legal . 
  * mississippi : the sale of alcohol is prohibited in most of mississippi on sundays . 
  also , the sale of liquor is not allowed at all in nearly half of the state 's counties . 
  * missouri : the sale of alcohol is prohibited from 1:30 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. saturday through monday . 
  [ 31 ] alcohol sales on sunday are allowed from 9:00 a.m. to midnight subject to an additional liquor license fee . 
  * new mexico : new mexico does not allow alcohol sales on sunday before noon . 
  * new york : alcohol sales for consumption off-premises are not permitted between 3 a.m. and 8 a.m. on sundays , while on-premises sales are not permitted between 4 a.m. and 8 a.m. on any day ... relatively few parts of new york actually permit alcohol sales at all times permissible under state law ; most counties have more restrictive blue laws of their own . 
  * north carolina : north carolina does not allow alcohol sales between 2 a.m. and 7 a.m. monday through saturday and between 2 a.m. and noon on sundays . 
  * north dakota : north dakota may have the strictest remaining blue law of the united states . 
  many goods and items are restricted from being sold between midnight and noon on sunday , rendering virtually all retailers closed in those hours , including malls and some large retail chains ; however , some businesses that open 24 hours , like grocery stores , are allowed to be open on sunday . 
  * oklahama : it is illegal to sell packaged liquor ( off-premises sales ) on sundays * texas : beer can be sold between 7 a.m. and midnight monday -- saturday and on sunday from midnight to 1 a.m. and again between noon and midnight ... liquor can not be sold at retail stores during ... sunday . 
  * utah : most restaurants , clubs , taverns and other establishments selling liquor are only allowed to sell alcoholic beverages from 11:30 am -- 1:00 am . 
  * west virginia : alcohol sales are prohibited on sunday in west virginia until 1:00 p.m. . we will pray for you , poland . 
  we will pray for your damned soul . 
   it 's finally time for us to go full retard like the others . 
  still not clear how turkey will vote yet . 
  they 're also the most pro-eu in that they 're the only two who do n't have leaving the eu up as possibility . 
  france [ never left nato ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#french_withdrawal ) . 
  france left the military command for some time . 
   nato 's unity was breached early in its history with a crisis occurring during charles de gaulle 's presidency of france . 
  [ 34 ] de gaulle protested against the usa 's strong role in the organization and what he perceived as a special relationship between it and the united kingdom . 
  in a memorandum sent to president dwight d. eisenhower and prime minister harold macmillan on 17 september 1958 , he argued for the creation of a tripartite directorate that would put france on an equal footing with the us and the uk . 
  [ 35 ]   considering the response to be unsatisfactory , de gaulle began constructing an independent defence force for his country .
