  it looks like , according to wikipedia , the uk has a similar ( weaker ) right . 
  normally the state may not compel someone to testify against their spouse -- the idea being that preserving marital harmony is important , that the state should not expect to be in a position of turning a wife against her husband or visa versa . 
  this is not directly applicable , but the rationale is one that i think is worth considering , in terms of reasoning about what sort of precedent one wants to set . 
  is is a * good precedent * to set to permit the state to try leveraging removal of a citizen 's rights to undermine his or her spouse doing something that the state does not want the spouse doing ? 
  or is it better to permit someone to reliably always treat their spouse as an extension of the self , not someone who might be turned against them ? 
  i think that there is a reasonable argument for the latter . 
  * finally , this does not at all seem like a critical issue for the uk . 
  i suppose that there is some environment where i 'd pull any lever and push any button available if it might avert a catastrophic situation , but it seems exceptionally unlikely that the uk would benefit much from the man 's wife not supporting him . 
  legal ingenuity does not really seem necessary here . 
  i 'm really surprised that the proposal came from the liberal democrats -- i thought that they would not be into this sort of thing . 
  you do understand that these are tongue-in-cheek , yes ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  so , even nl and de together going 100 % no would n't have been enough to flip the vote . 
  not saying that i do n't understand irritation from people in turkey at people voting abroad for it , but at least it was n't those two able to produce the outcome . 
  i do n't think that trump has a personality cult . 
  that is , the driving force in the election was dislike of clinton , not love of trump . 
  maybe it 's just the hair , but i think more of david hasslehoff . 
  hey , we do n't have people calling trump handsome , dude . 
  i do n't think that turkey will end elections . 
  there are enough mechanisms in place to give erdogan pretty solid support , and it 's not like he was in serious trouble anyway . 
  there 's a self-deprecating russian cartoon that i 've seen a few times on here of a pig driving a tractor out of farmland ( intended to represent a rural russian going to the city or out of the country , i guess ) . 
  in one variant , he goes to some other country and then has a stalinist poster up and is talking on his computer how awesome the ussr was . 
  i made a comment about ireland to an irish-american a while back who happily sat me down and gave me an impromptu 45-minute lecture ( using a whiteboard ) history of ireland and its politics . 
  he was really enthusiastic about it . 
  granted , this is all anecdotal , but i 'm suspicious that that this effect is real and that it does n't have anything to do with turkey . 
  i think that it has more to do with just something about how people form identity in a country : people really see all the positives of the fatherland . 
   it 's usually people who have n't accomplished much in life and the only thing they can be proud of is nationalism . 
  hey !, 
  were there enough dutch/german votes to tip the election , though ? 
  like , say they had n't voted . 
  would `` no '' have won ? 
  edit : no , looks like not , at least not in germany . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017#overseas_results germany had 412,149 `` yes '' votes and 241,353 `` no '' votes . 
  i do n't see the netherlands data yet . 
  `` yes '' won by 1,379,934 votes . 
  even if every turkish voter in germany had voted `` no '' , it would n't have swung the election ( though it would have gotten a lot closer , down to a difference of 555,636 ) . 
  the euro may very well have problems -- i do n't dispute that . 
  certainly some of the questions about whether all euro members should have joined it is a fair point . 
  however : * i do not think that it is a `` trainwreck '' . 
  the bulk of the issues that have come up related to finance around the eu -- and there have certainly been some in the past decade -- are not driven by the euro . 
  * i think that too-often , leaving the euro has been treated as a sort of panacea for all sorts of financial issues that countries have seen in the eu . 
  * not having the euro would have costs of its own . 
  businesses operating across country lines in the eu would suddenly need to effectively engage in currency speculation all the time , and it would be hard to have large-scale cross-border businesses . 
  * countries might leave the euro , but i do not think that it will go away as a currency . 
   up until 2010 all the debt within the eurozone was assumed to be equal in risk . 
  more-or-less . 
  well , we can agree on that . 
   in fact , the only minor benefit brought by the introduction of the single currency has gone at that moment . 
  dude , you just finished writing an entire series of comments based on the premise that investors inaccurately-assessing risk as too low was the problem that greece faced ( which would require that the mis-assessment be a problem ) :  the euro has made it possible for greece to become over-indebted , as , all of a sudden , a greek bond was as good as a german one , sparking a bond buying spree by , among others , german and french investors , ... and now you 're saying that it 's a benefit ? 
  i 'd say that to the extent mis-assessment of bond default risk leads to economic-inefficiency , it 's a negative . 
  but that mis-assessment is n't inherently tied to the euro . 
   as long as fiscal budgets are separate , there is n't a banking union and there is n't a common guarantee of debt , risks are separate . 
  yes , which is why it was possible for the estimate of risk to be in error . 
  however , lenders clearly assumed that other members would back one member , whether there was official obligation or not , as the bond yields for bonds issued by different ez members closely tracked each other . 
   when the single currency area collapses i think that many people would disagree and would say that it will not collapse . 
  i do n't think that it 's so much the tone as the fact that it contains criticism or acidity . 
  here 's what would probably not actually go over badly here : `` french cheese is the finest cheese in the world -- rich , flavorful , delicious . '', 
  what goes over badly : `` american cheese is plastic and american chocolate tastes like vomit . '', 
  that might not just be france , but i think that there might be a linguistic difference where the intensity of the statement is higher than in france ( and perhaps elsewhere in europe ) . 
  in the us ( and in canada , and probably in the uk to an even greater degree based on what i 've read here ) , one normally does not directly criticize someone as directly as perhaps one would in austria or france . 
  thus , the statement perhaps comes off stronger than is intended . 
  https://hbr.org/2014/02/how-to-say-this-is-crap-in-different-cultures  managers in different parts of the world are conditioned to give feedback in drastically different ways . 
  the chinese manager learns never to criticize a colleague openly or in front of others , while the dutch manager learns always to be honest and to give the message straight . 
  americans are trained to wrap positive messages around negative ones , while the french are trained to criticize passionately and provide positive feedback sparingly . 
  the net result is that a frenchman literally translating statements into english is at the dead-opposite end of the spectrum from his american or british counterpart in terms of the intensity of a negative message -- just talking about the cons of something comes off as a slap in the face . 
  unsoftened negativity is seen as ... i do n't know , hostility ? 
  the sort of thing that might make someone say `` what the * fuck * is your problem '' ? 
  probably the same effect that makes irritated americans say `` why are the french such assholes ? '', 
  makes the french say `` why are americans so fake and falsely-upbeat ? '', 
  probably a frenchman equally feels irked when someone starts out with a compliment that leads into a criticism . 
  same thing with , say , an american going to the middle east and being invited to eat with someone . 
  it comes off as insanely friendly -- because it would be in the us , not just filling a social obligation . 
  but it 's really more of a translation error . 
  `` period piece movie ? '', 
  i do n't really see how it describes a * daily show * episode ... edit : also , he 's usually kinda more-obvious about his references than that , though if he * had * done so there , it would be a good one !, 
   who would buy those bonds ? 
  euro-denominated greek bonds ? 
  those that do n't trust the stability of the greek currency . 
   still , the greek debt is unsustainable and we will see a haircut/restructuring/default , regardless of whether greece stays in the euro or not . 
  yes , no dispute there ( though possibly via debt deferment or inflation ) . 
  that does not conflict with my point about greece coming off the euro in 2010/2011 not solving its financial woes . 
   a simple negation is n't enough . 
  you can go back to my first comment if you want locke , hume , and smith . 
   it entails , inter alia , a lower output , more unemployment , higher real value of the debt and no guarantee whatsoever of a realignment , given the recessionary spiral that such approach usually leads to . 
  i thought that i just pointed out that the debt issue and the trade imbalance issue were separate . 
  unemployment itself is what drives the fall in wages ; there 's no problem there , and an assertion that it prevents a trade equilibrium from being re-established is pretty silly : let 's say that i 'm out of work and do n't have euros to give you . 
  are you going to send me a bmw for nothing ? 
  probably not ; certainly the germans are n't going to go in for that . 
   when the currency is undervalued for your economy , it means you have an unfair competitive advantage . 
  economics does n't deal with `` fairness '' . 
  there is economic inefficiency introduced via it , sure . 
  and there are economic efficiencies gained via choosing to use one currency across the ez . 
  i will not , however , claim that being on the euro is a good or bad thing for greece -- that 's outside the scope of the article 's claims , and perhaps greece would have been better-off had she never joined . 
  but even if that were the case , it would not conflict with anything that i 've written , nor support the article in its claims about german surpluses . 
   the euro has made it possible for greece to become over-indebted , choosing to extend euro-denominated debt has . 
  using the euro has not . 
  nor did being on the euro force greece to wastefully use what it had borrowed , which is what put it in the predicament . 
   as , all of a sudden , a greek bond was as good as a german one , that * was * the assessment of investors , but it is not an inherent property of greece issuing euro-denominated bonds . 
  investors * could * have treated greek bonds as more-risky -- instead , they assumed ( incorrectly , as it turned out ) that the eu would make them whole if any issues arose . 
   if greece had kept the drachma all along , she simply would n't have been able to pile up all this unpayable debt .
