  in a classified memo to the navy general board , ofstie hinted at a willingness to launch a surprise bacteriological attack if there was evidence of the soviet intention to attack the nation with biological weapons . 
  in short , from the 1946-1949 period , any conflict would have involved years of being on the defensive on the ground , as atomic weapons would not yet have been sufficient in number to cause collapse of soviet warmaking capacity ; that time period would probably involve destruction of cities and industrial capacity via large-scale bombing . 
  for 1946-1948 , us-uk analysis was that the bulk of western europe would not have been defensible in the short term by their ground forces and would need to be sacrificed in the short term ; holding france only became even a secondary aim at the end of that period ( and based on the similar role of defending the philippines for primarily political reasons without realistic capability in world war ii , i would not be surprised if it would result mostly in some forces lost for political reasons and no real practical ability to hold the territory in the short term ) . 
  soviet-conscripted troops from controlled populations would have been killed . 
  atomic targets would have included population centers . 
  strategic bombing , just as it had hit occupied german-occupied territories in world war ii , would have hit soviet-occupied territories in world war iii . 
  use of biological weapons would have additionally been bad news for civilian populations . 
  i think that a hypothetical surviving alternate timeline lithuanian would have had few thanks to offer for the us or the uk . 
  i appreciate the situation of lithuania . 
  but i do not think that , at the end of the day , even if 1946-1991 were bad in lithuania , that the consequences of the alternate timeline , the world war iii timeline , would have actually been preferable . 
   we wanted fucking western army to start war with ussr to actually liberate us . 
  https://weaponsandwarfare.com/2016/10/17/plan-for-wwiii/ understand what that would have looked like , given the military and technological setting :  during october and november 1945 the us joint chiefs examined reports that assessed current soviet military capability at more than sixty offensive infantry divisions , 25,000 tanks and 60,000 large-calibre artillery pieces . 
  they concluded that soviet forces could easily overrun western europe and the middle east any time before 1948 ; such an alarming prospect made the us joint intelligence committee calculate the effect of ` blocking ' that advance by unleashing nuclear weapons . 
  in what was the first us outline plan to attack the soviet union , twenty soviet cities were selected as targets for atomic bombs , to be delivered by heavy bombers , yet the american jic were excluded from most of the us atomic secrets and would not have had accurate data on the number of available bombs . 
  -  the us draft plan for their own unthinkable war estimated that in the spring of 1946 the soviets had fifty-one divisions in germany and austria , fifty divisions in the near or middle east and twenty divisions in hungary and yugoslavia . 
  this force of 121 divisions was supported by a central reserve of 152 divisions in the homeland , and a total of 87 divisions of pro-soviet forces within the satellite states of eastern europe . 
  a soviet attack would most likely sweep across western europe and seize the channel ports and the low countries in little more than a month . 
  simultaneous attacks would be launched into italy as well as the middle east . 
  in the midst of such overwhelming force ( again , an estimate of three to one in favour of soviet infantry ) , it was recommended that us troops would retreat into spain or italy to avoid being decimated by the red army on the continent . 
  it was conceivable that the red army would even carry the invasion into spain in an attempt to block the western mediterranean , in which case us forces would swiftly withdraw and retreat to britain . 
  while britain was considered a valuable base , germany , austria , france and the low countries would be sacrificed . 
  retreating allied forces would also move across to the middle east to bolster defences around the vital suez canal zone . 
  it was no surprise that the us chiefs of staff now accepted that an essential object of stalinist policy was to ` dominate the world ' . 
  -  poland , no longer seen as the tripwire by late 1946 , would nevertheless find herself at the very centre of military activity ... at a top-level meeting between the us and britain , even the new us chief of staff , general eisenhower , was talking the unthinkable talk of establishing allied ` bridgeheads ' in europe . 
  in the face of any soviet onslaught he advocated withdrawing forces to bridgeheads in the low countries . 
  -  consequently , by june 1946 the us armed forces , which had numbered more than 12 million at the end of the war , were reduced to fewer than 3 million . 
  secretary of state james byrnes was frustrated with the whole process , ` the people who yelled loudest for me to adopt a firm attitude towards russia , ' he moaned , ` then yelled even louder for the rapid demobilisation of the army . ' so formidable was the strength of soviet armour and infantry that once us troop reductions were underway , the planners concluded that allied land forces would not be strong enough to drive into the soviet interior for at least three years . 
  allied air power offered the only hope of victory , by employing massive strikes against ` the industrial heart of russia ' . 
    it was unrealistic to believe that the soviet union could be threatened with oblivion in 1946 . 
  even by the autumn of that year the us only possessed nine atomic bombs . 
  there were two mark iii fat boys earmarked for testing off the us mainland , and seven mark iiis were held in secure housings on the mainland . 
  they could only be delivered to the soviet union by the silver plate b -- 29 , suitably modified to hold the weapon in place , but there was a lack of properly trained aircrews , as well as bomb assembly teams . 
  furthermore , scientists were returning to civilian life and the production of both uranium and plutonium was falling . 
  however , production would be dramatically increased in the next few years , so that by the time of the first soviet atomic test in 1949 , the us would have a stockpile of some 400 atomic bombs . 
  despite the comfort of atomic superiority , senior commanders in the west were in no doubt about the consequences of an imminent world war . 
  ` my part in the next war , ' wrote sir arthur ` bomber ' harris , ` will be to be destroyed by it . '   while britain and the us faced up to the soviet union , poland , as a cause , had slipped off the list of priorities . 
  during christmas eve 1946 the ` polish sixteen ' , who had been the hope of a future liberated poland , were languishing in various soviet prisons . 
  one of the most prominent leaders , general okulicki , passed his last hours in moscow 's butyrka prison . 
  his disappearance , together with other leading members of the polish underground , in april 1945 , had done much to increase the climate of fear surrounding soviet intentions . 
  he was either murdered by the nkvd or died as a result of his hunger strike ; it has been estimated that between 1944 and 1947 some 50,000 poles , including many members of the ak , were deported to the soviet gulags . 
  in the spring of 1946 the us joint chiefs declared that the soviet union was giving the highest priority to ` building up their war potential and that of their satellites so as to be able to defeat the western democracies ' . 
  to combat soviet plans for ` eventual world domination ' , the west would also have to provide military and economic aid to frontline states , such as greece , turkey and iran . 
    so the post-war western governments continued their stand-off with the soviet union , a situation that became known as the cold war . 
  http://www.comw.org/qdr/fulltext/00gentile.pdf  in four draft plans produced between april and june 1946 , the primary task `` was a prompt strategic air offensive '' that would `` destroy the soviet war-making capacity . '' the bomb would be critical because the united states in 1946 held sole ownership of atomic weapons , which produced a distinct advantage . 
  war would be total . 
  to destroy the soviet will to resist would require first destroying the effectiveness of the soviet war machine . 
    just as the overall concept of pincher drew on the experience of world war ii , so did target selection . 
  industries devoted to transport , petroleum , tanks , ball bearings , and other military needs were generally the same types of targets attacked in germany and japan . 
  the plan also recognized that attacking such industries could require area bombing of cities . 
  although the joint chiefs never officially approved pincher 's warfighting concepts , its premise survived in subsequent plans . 
    in november 1947 the chiefs approved war plan broiler . 
  like its predecessor it relied on an early atomic campaign and advanced bases to launch an air offensive . 
  but where pincher had assumed that massive force requirements would be met , broiler reflected the reduced resources available in 1948 . 
  the broiler target lists still emphasized industrial systems . 
  the plan did acknowledge that atomic attacks on urban industries would kill many civilians and destroy political control centers . 
  suffering by the civilian population was seen as a bonus . 
  the primary objective was destruction of soviet war-making capacity . 
  a number of factors shaped the overall approach in the plans . 
  there was a political need to maintain unity against soviet aggression among friendly european nations . 
  planners thus moved away from the pincher concept of withdrawing from europe and by 1948 adopted a new approach : american and british forces conducting a fighting retreat would attempt to hold the soviets at the rhine . 
  detonation of the first soviet atomic device in 1949 also had an impact . 
  the joint chiefs became increasingly focused on blunting moscow 's ability to occupy western europe and to attack the united states with atomic weapons . 
  whatever the influence , the key concept in war plans and studies at this time was a quick , devastating strategic air attack , relying heavily on atomic bombs , to destroy industrial infrastructure . 
  no external threat , international event , domestic issue , or amount of interservice rivalry over budget allocations would change this approach . 
  -  the joint chiefs released the harmon report in 1949 , which analyzed the probable effects of atomic bombs on seventy soviet cities . 
  it concluded that the united states could launch such an offensive ; but while it would destroy 30 to 40 percent of soviet industry , it would not appreciably affect public will . 
  in fact it could `` validate soviet propaganda against the united states , unify the people , and increase their will to fight . '' the study concluded that the most tangible benefit of the offensive was speed : it `` would constitute the only means of rapidly inflicting shock and serious damage to vital elements of the soviet war-making capacity . '' striking first and hard could be a credible warfighting concept . 
  [ continued in child ], 
  btw , this is seriously why i am not very enthusiastic about the `` genocide denial '' rule on the sub . 
  i realize that there 's a legal history in much of europe associated with `` genocide denial '' bans that does not exist over here , but i really feel like it prevents people from making legitimate arguments . 
  i mean , if someone says `` x is genocide '' , like , say , what israel did to the palestinians and you say `` no , it 's a case of ethnic cleansing , but does not meet the bar for genocide , and here 's sources explaining why and the un 's definition '' , you 've no idea whether a mod is going to start banning people . 
  i 've certainly argued about whether-or-not something meets the bar for genocide many times and never been banned , and i get the vague idea that the mods ( and the legal authorities in much of europe ) just want a convenient club to whack neo-nazis who say that the holocaust did n't happen without having to argue over the fine points each time , but the damn thing feels really over-broad to me even * if * that 's the goal and if one accepts that as a worthwhile goal . 
  yes , but the comment i was responding to was proposing having a `` tariff battle '' . 
  < googles  [ the danish island of bornholm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bornholm#soviet_occupation_.281945.e2.80.931946.29 ) . 
   said an american whose country supported hitler and traded with germany until 1942 well , let 's see . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutrality_acts_of_1930s  in january 1937 , the congress passed a joint resolution outlawing the arms trade with spain . 
  the neutrality act of 1937 [ 7 ] was passed in may and included the provisions of the earlier acts , this time without expiration date , and extended them to cover civil wars as well . 
  [ 8 ] furthermore , u.s. ships were prohibited from transporting any passengers or articles to belligerents , and u.s. citizens were forbidden from traveling on ships of belligerent nations . 
    in a concession to roosevelt , a `` cash-and-carry '' provision that had been devised by his advisor bernard baruch was added : the president could permit the sale of materials and supplies to belligerents in europe as long as the recipients arranged for the transport and paid immediately with cash , with the argument that this would not draw the u.s. into the conflict . 
  roosevelt believed that cash-and-carry would aid france and great britain in the event of a war with germany , since they were the only countries that controlled the seas and were able to take advantage of the provision . 
  [ 2 ] the cash-and-carry clause was set to expire after two years . 
  us economic restrictions started being structured towards preference of france and the uk in 1937 . 
  the ussr and germany did n't even sign the molotov-ribbentrop pact and agree to split eastern europe between them until 1939 . 
   and sold us fucking trucks and canned goods https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease  $ 11.3 billion ( equivalent to $ 150 billion today ) to the soviet union -  while repayment of the interest-free loans was required after the end of the war under the act , in practice the u.s. did not expect to be repaid by the ussr after the war . 
  the u.s. received $ 2m in reverse lend-lease from the ussr . 
  this was mostly in the form of landing , servicing , and refueling of transport aircraft ; some industrial machinery and rare minerals were sent to the u.s. 
  the u.s. asked for $ 1.3 b at the cessation of hostilities to settle the debt , but was only offered $ 170m by the ussr . 
  the dispute remained unresolved until 1972 , when the u.s. accepted an offer from the ussr to repay $ 722m linked to grain shipments from the u.s. , with the remainder being written off . 
  https://www.csmonitor.com/1985/0703/elend-f.html  when the soviets balked on emigration , the trade and lend-lease agreements came crashing down . 
  by that point , the soviets had actually paid $ 48 million , leaving a balance of $ 674 million . 
  it does n't sound like a whole lot of money ever came back . 
   pay reparations to japanese minority whom you put in concentration camps . 
  [ we did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_liberties_act_of_1988 ) . 
  the ussr did not . 
   you fulfilled my monthly nazi quota last time with your `` wehrmacht soldiers being kind to little girls '' images . 
   everything is better than being dead . 
  i think that most people would take a quick death over burning to death and living a bit longer . 
   make it acceptable to criticize refugees and merkel . 
  i 've seen plenty of criticism of both . 
  churchill : `` we must , in this darkest hour , unite ! '',
