   are people living in hamburg berliners ? 
  [ kennedy was ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ich_bin_ein_berliner ) !, 
   le pen portrays herself as the champion of french workers , promising to protect them from what she has called `` anarchic globalisation '' . 
  fighting the good fight against * anarchists * like merkel , i see . 
  sounds like turkey is getting there !, 
   populist wants economically thriving western democracy to join a union of either failed or otherwise undemocratic states , backed by other undemocratic states '' they are n't failed states , though venezuela may be getting there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/failed_state  a failed state is a political body that has disintegrated to a point where basic conditions and responsibilities of a sovereign government no longer function properly . 
  likewise , when a nation weakens and its standard of living declines , it introduces the possibility of total governmental collapse . 
  the fund for peace characterizes a failed state as having the following characteristics :   * loss of control of its territory , or of the monopoly on the legitimate use of physical force therein   * erosion of legitimate authority to make collective decisions   * inability to provide public services   * inability to interact with other states as a full member of the international community   common characteristics of a failing state include a central government so weak or ineffective that it has an inability to raise taxes or other support , and has little practical control over much of its territory and hence there is a non-provision of public services . 
  when this happens widespread corruption and criminality , the intervention of non-state actors , the appearance of refugees and the involuntary movement of populations , and sharp economic decline can occur . 
  [ 1 ] i mean , they 're poor and have a lot of problems . 
  and venezuela might really collapse , if things keep going the way they are . 
  but they are not failed states . 
  somalia is ( or was , dunno how stabilized it is now ) a failed state . 
  nobody controlled large amounts of the country . 
  there was n't functioning taxation . 
  law did n't exist . 
  that 's a failed state . 
  venezuela is n't there yet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_marino  san marino had the world 's first democratically elected communist government - a coalition between the sammarinese communist party and the sammarinese socialist party , which held office between 1945 and 1957 . 
  [ 19 ] [ 20 ] i do n't know whether san marino ever had a dictator after that . 
  sounds like they exited peacefully . 
  ... and they jumped to communism from fascism :  from 1923 to 1943 , san marino was under the rule of the sammarinese fascist party ( pfs ) . 
  ... and are now a wealthy tax haven . 
  sounds like an interesting history . 
  well , if you 've been holding up venezuela as an example , the reality a few decades down the road is a pretty substantial political vulnerability . 
   he 's already brought back or saved some jobs he 's publicized the shit out of doing effectively nothing ... i mean , he 's working the game correctly from a political standpoint , but he 's not taking policy action that would increase demand for low-skill labor in the us . 
  france does have a fairly high unemployment rate by wealthy-country standards , and this is generally seen as a result of french labor law . 
  he did say that he wanted to run up debt , right ? 
  i mean , he might not be able to do it sustainably , but in the short term , he probably could . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/populism  populism is a political doctrine that proposes that the common people are exploited by a privileged elite , and which seeks to resolve this . 
  the underlying ideology of populists can be left , right , or center . 
  its goal is uniting the uncorrupt and the unsophisticated `` little man '' against the corrupt dominant elites ( usually established politicians ) and their camp of followers ( usually the rich and influential ) . 
  it is guided by the belief that political and social goals are best achieved by the direct actions of the masses . 
  although it chiefly comes into being where mainstream political institutions are perceived to have failed to deliver , there is no identifiable economic or social set of conditions that give rise to it , and it is not confined to any particular social class . 
  [ 1 ]   political parties and politicians often use the terms populist and populism as pejoratives against their opponents . 
  such a view sees populism as demagogy , merely appearing to empathize with the public through rhetoric or unrealistic proposals in order to increase appeal across the political spectrum . 
  do n't leave turkey out !, 
   created in 2004 by venezuelan president hugo ch\u00e1vez and cuban leader fidel castro , the bolivarian alliance is first and foremost a political and economical alliance , which presents itself as an alternative to the american free-trade area , project supported by the united states . 
  the purpose is * `` to reduce poverty and social inequalities resulting from the promiscuous enforcement of neoliberal policies '' * on the basis of * `` solidarity , justice , mutual support , and cooperation '' * . 
   look at mayotte : gross ** minimum wage ** , without employer 's social contribution , is about 15 000 $ a year . 
  its gdp per capita is about 8 000 $ a year . 
  that 's actually really interesting . 
  completely off my radar until you mentioned it -- thanks . 
  [ well , they can export sugar ... ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:cuba_export_treemap.jpg ), 
  that 'd be a kurdistan , right ? 
  for starters , let me say that i 'm no advocate of russia giving up her nuclear weapons -- she paid the price to get them , and she should probably leverage them . 
  but . 
  what * possible * gain would the us or uk get from attacking russia ? 
  i do n't agree there -- i 'd say that you had a choreographed act with the `` fight '' over the aca , which i assume is what you 're thinking of . 
  ordinarily , when congress does n't want to pass something popular , they blame the other party for blocking it . 
  ca n't do that now , so they blame the president for being independent . 
  the gop and the president are working together , but if anything , it 's congress extending influence over trump -- having a party head ( priebus ) as white house chief of staff , the guy who determines who the president sees , is pretty dramatic . 
  trump ran on a platform of independence and overturning the establishment . 
  in practice , he kicked off with no clear policy agenda , and i 'd say that he 's running a very weak presidency . 
  trump has done objectionable things , but turning the us into a one-man trump show , what erdogan is doing , is not one . 
  the stuff that catches on is kinda hard to brag about because it 's not `` yours '' any more -- everyone is doing it . 
  it 's like the british saying `` you use pencils '' . 
  i mean , yes , they originated in the uk , but nobody thinks of them as british anymore -- that 's just a piece of trivia attached to something that the world does . 
  conflicts of interest are n't something that the checks and balances are intended to deal with . 
  they 're to prevent one branch of the government ( executive , legislative , judicial ) from seizing control from the others , and there 's nothing objectionable in how they 've been functioning there . 
  i still do n't think that 's right . 
  okay , so he makes appeals to things that people care about , but it could be to love of country or to some sort of moral goal or fear or all sorts of non-religious things . 
  europeans disrespecting turks . 
  terrorism ( hell , that one was popular over here for about a decade after 9/11 to pass any policy ) . 
  leveraging people not understanding economic changes . 
  i mean , i do n't listen to much of what he says , and i 've still heard him draw from a wide range of things in his rhetoric . 
  in some ways ( advocating for protectionism , talking about government-subsidized healthcare of some ill-defined sort ) , he 's quite left-wing for a republican candidate . 
  i mean , he 's willing to be publicly-offensive , but i do n't think that that 's a right - or left-wing issue . 
  trump legitimately did do some successful things in show business . 
  melenchon apparently has an extremely high opinion of trump 's competence . 
  no , no . 
  catch up with the program . 
  trump fixed it . 
  [ the 141 stances donald trump took during his white house bid ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801 ) i mean , you 'd be dead just catching up on the campaign , before getting to the actual presidency . 
  yeah , but that 's not what i meant when i meant `` changing the power structures '' . 
  i do n't mean letting whackjobs into influential roles . 
  by removing people opposed to him from the judiciary , the educational system , and so forth , erdogan is planning for the long term , to permanently retain power . 
  by seizing control of the media , he seeks to eliminate competing voices . 
  by holding the referendum , he plans to make changes to eliminate challenges to him and give his personal self more power . 
  trump just is n't doing that . 
  i think that people would also be vulnerable on the above points i listed if the religion in the country was not islam -- nothing there really relies on any unique characteristics of islam . 
  that 's not really what the goal of the checks and balances are -- they 're to ensure that no one bad actor can gain full control . 
  to that extent , i think that they 're working well -- the courts shut down one of trump 's policies on immigration . 
  i would guess that most of the aca reform fight was choreographed , but certainly congress and trump would have the ability to block each other . 
  trump is not in a position to make sure that trump is around for another ten years , say . 
  in fact , insofar as he has a position on the matter , his voting base comes from people who would be skeptical of an overreaching government . 
  trump is breaking social norms , true , but those are n't really all that important in the us ( pre-fdr , maybe the two-term limit ? 
  ca n't think of any other great examples ... you can limit press conferences , but you also give up control of the narrative in the press ) . 
  in the uk , many critical institutions rely on people following tradition , and maybe there someone could produce constitutional crisis by stepping outside the box . 
  the us does n't have many things that i can think of that rely upon people following tradition , so violating tradition is n't a huge deal from a standpoint of maintaining checks on power . 
  it was never * required * that finances be public -- making them public was simply a way to shield oneself from political attacks . 
  in practice , i suspect that trump probably has less money than he gives the impression of , and revealing finances would not be advantageous to him . 
  no , if something about trump bothers me , it would be undermining us reputation in foreign affairs or possibly legitimizing some objectionable views to his supporters . 
  it 's not because i 'm worried about internal transformation in the us . 
  communist countries were quite atheist , and they still had government control of the press . 
  i mean , erdogan uses it because it 's what people value and pay attention to ... but i just do n't see anything special about islam here . 
  trump is n't transforming the power structures in the us in any way at all , which is what erdogan is doing that 's concerning . 
  honestly , they do n't have all that much in common other than some of their image ( country first , populist , disquieting to europe ) . 
  edit : oh , yeah , and both leveraging conspiracy theory .
