    by 27th february , the allied proposal was somewhat more specific ; at least a date -- 15th march -- was given for the departure of the troop transports , with an anticipated arrival date in finland of 15th april . 
  the numbers of troops and the amount of supplies and weapons had not as yet been spelled out , however . 
  mannerheim had the impression that the number of men expected to reach finland would be quite small , since most of the contingent would be left in nroway and sweden on garrison duty . 
  contrary to earlier statements , the finns were now told they would have to secure the necessary transit rights for the troops from oslo and stockholm . 
  when the two governments were approached on the question a couple of days later , they rejected the suggestion out of hand , even as they had denied all previous requests for active intervention in the war or for permission to transport anything but volunteers across their territories . 
    indirect peace talks had meanwhile been initiated between helsinki and moscow ; in these talks , the russians had made it clear that their territorial demands were now much larger than they had been the previous autumn . 
  the kremlin now wanted the entire karelian isthmus and a thirty-year lease of hanko cape as a naval base ; moreover , it was intimated that the demands would increase if the finns did not accept the terms immediately . 
    when word leaked out that peace feelers were being made toward moscow , the allies made more positive proposals . 
  peace would have been disadvantageous to the allies , since it would have meant the end of the disruption of russia 's economy and the fulfillment of her commercial obligations to germany . 
  on the 28th , the british minister to helsinki , gordon vereker , informed the finnish government that the british were prepared to dispatch some 13,000 men by mid-april in addition to the troops to remain in norway and sweden . 
  details concerning the execution of the plan and the kinds of forces involved were not spelled out , but the finns were assured that the troops would remain in finland until a final peace settlement . 
    on the 29th , when it became known that definite steps to end the war were in progress and that mannerheim had categorically advised his government to make peace immediately , a new offer was made by the allies . 
  charles magny , the french minister in helsinki , asserted that an anglo-french force of 20,000 men was prepared to leave at once for finland . 
  her urged the finns to continue the war and warned that if they did not , finland would have to assume full responsibility for whatever territorial amputations and economic losses she might incur as the result of a peace treaty . 
  magny 's information and assertions convinced the finns that the allies were more interested in opening a second front against germany than in really aiding finland and that the allies were not coordinating their policy , since there was such disparity between the british and french proposals . 
  hence , it was decided to make peace at the earlier possible moment . 
    that night , the finnish minister in paris , harri holma , reported that daladier had promised to send 50,000 troops to finland , that they would depart by 12th march , and that the allies would solve the problem of transit rights through scandinavia . 
  but this promise was subject to approval in london . 
  a prerequisite of this aid , moreover , was that helsinki break off all negotiations with moscow , otherwise the whole project would be dropped . 
    the french offer was tempting , but it also placed the finnish government on the horns of a cruel dilemma : whether to make peace with the russians on less than favorable terms , but at least to save what was left of the country , or to wait for allied aid in the hope that the spring thaw would arrive quickly and thus stem the russian advance long enough for the allies to reach finland . 
  the finnish government decided to request further clarification of the latest soviet terms and at the same time to ascertain the expected arrival date of the anglo-french force . 
  the finns also asked the allies to send a hundred bombers with arms and crews at once . 
    the next few days were chaotic ; the only two certaintaies which emerged from the confusion were that the finnish army was near total exhaustion and that the allies could not settle between themselves the exact size of the proposed force or how transit rights were to be arranged in the face of swedish and norwegian objections . 
  the swedish prime minister had warned tanner that if the allies attempted to force passage to finland , the swedes would find themselves on the war on the side of russia . 
  on 2nd march , the allies promised the bombers at once adn declared that the expedition would sail on 15th march . 
  the next day vereker said only 6,000 british troops would be sent , but they would leave on the 11th , if finland made an official request by the 5th . 
  on the 6th , the french informed the finns that an initial force of 18,000 frenchmen and 12,000 britons would embark in a week 's time , accompanied by seventy-two bombers . 
  even if these forces were attacked by the germans , the number of troops destined for finland would not be diminished . 
  moreover , the french were assured that sweden would not oppose the transit of the troops . 
    the growing disparity between the ambitious french plans and the more modest british proposals gave the finns cause for further discussion . 
  upon due consideration , they decided peace was the only solution and sent d elegation to moscow to negotiate . 
  this resolve was the only rational one to be made under the circumstances , since the nation was threatened by total disaster if the army collapsed , for the russian demands would increase in proportion to the success of the red armies . 
  however , the finns did not close the door entirely on the allies ; they asked for an extension of the deadline until the 12th for a request of aid . 
    anglo-french attempts to keep the finns fighting were continued until the very end . 
  on the 7th , the allies promised to dispatch 15,500 men to narvik on 15th march , and these troops were to be followed by 42,000 more as soon as rail transportation permitted . 
  then , on the 8th , daladier sent a communique urging the finnish government to accept the anglo-french offer or assume full responsibility for the consequences of making peace with russia . 
  this statement , akin to magny 's earlier remark , reveals as much of the frenchman 's lack of understanding and of sympathy with finland in her agony and danger as it does of his desire to establish a second front against germany . 
  there can be little doubt that any allied aid would have been too little and too late to save finland , and this certainly should have been realized in paris . 
    in spite of the enormity of the soviet demands the finns decided to sign the treaty . 
  what the russians now demanded and received was about ten percent of finland 's territory -- all of the karelian isthmus , including viipuri , the territory north of lake ladoga , which included the communes of sortavala and kuusamo , and the finnish islands in the eastern end of the gulf of finland , including suur island . 
  finland also agreed to lease hanko cape to the soviet union as a naval base for thrity years , to build a railroad from salla to kemij\u00e4rvi , and to sign a defense pact with the russians . 
  as a result of the territorial amputations , finland lost about twelve percent of her economic base and also had to relocate the people of the ceded territories , most of whom chose to move inside the new frontiers rather than live under soviet rule . 
  the total number of people to be resettled was about 450,000 or approximately ten percent of the finnish population . 
    for finland , the ordeal fo war was over . 
  to her undying credit , what she had done , she had done alone , virtually unaided . 
  in retrospect , the allied offers of aid appear chimerical after the events of may and june 1940 . 
  still , the finns can not be faulted for using the offer of aid as best they could to keep the russians from occupying the whole country . 
  though there is little evidence to prove it , there can be small doubt that the anglo-french interest in the conflict influenced the kremlin to make peace . 
  in spite of the fact that the soviet union was allied with germany at the time , stalin in all likelihood did not wish an open rupture with the west , and as events proved , he made a wise decision . 
  [ continued in child ], 
  excerpts from [ * the winter war : russia against finland * ] ( https://www.amazon.com/winter-war-against-ballantines-illustrated/dp/0345028902 ) on foreign support :  thus , faced by the cold facts of the overwhelming superiority of their adversary , the finns went into battle with slim hopes of holding the line until help arrived . 
  not surprisingly , little or no material help was forthcoming from the rest of the world , although a torrent of rhetoric and sympathy filled the halls of the league of nations , the world press , and most foreign office news relleases . 
  both sweden and the united states offered to mediate a peace settlement , but the soviet government rejected the overture . 
  -  undeceived by molotov 's cunning , the league condemned the soviet actions and expelled her from the organization . 
  member and non-member states were urged to render finland every humanitarian and material assistance possible . 
  this was the league 's last practical achievement and it was perhaps a fitting swan song . 
  -  in response to the league 's call , assistance from other states was mainly diplomatic , although some material aid was rendered . 
  sweden supplied the most substantial aid , since large quantities could be transported to finland with ease . 
  this aid was of inestimable value and decisive importance to finland because of her dire lack of arms and munitions . 
  volunteers also came from sweden , but only two battalions saw action ; some also came from britain , the united states , hungary , and elsewhere . 
  none of the latter saw any action except a group of finnish-americans who reached the front a few days before the end of hostilities . 
  of greater importance was an american loan of $ 30,000,000 which , unfortunately , was limited to civilian purchases and was not authorized by congress until february of the following year . 
  given the conditions of the time , howeever , the lack of concrete aid was probably to be expected , since all nations were rearming and needed everything for their own defense . 
  -  the watching giants   no account of the winter war would be complete without some comments about its international significance . 
  when russia hurled herself upon finland , europe was already technically at war . 
  in many ways the future role of the soviet union in the second world war was determined by the events of her three-month war with finland . 
  the liquidation of poland had given the world a hint of the efficiency of the nazi war machine , but thus far nothing had occurred to reveal russia 's military ability . 
  by all the usual criteria , the soviet union was reckoned a great power , but until december , 1939 , there was no adequate measure by which to gauge her military effectiveness . 
  thus it was with acute interest that the other great powers watched the unfolding of the drama played out under the northern lights . 
    although probably no country watched the stumbling giant with greater interest and more analytically than germany , she was bound to neutrality by treaty , and she loyally observed her obligations . 
  every request by the finnish government for aid , diplomatic or material , was rejected by the reich . 
  germany even went so far as to stop the shipment to finland of italian airplanes that had arrived at a north german port . 
    more germane to the subject are the attitudes and views of britain and france , the only other two states powerful enough to render any significant help to the finns . 
  both countries were at war with germany , and both saw in the russo-finnish conflict multiple possibilities : alleviation of pressure on the french front by opening a new theater of operations against germany in the north ; cutting off vital iron ore shipments from sweden to germany ; striking a blow against bolshevism ; fulfilling the moral obligations in large part neglected since 1919 . 
  consequently , the allies took more than a passing interest in finland 's plight , but they did not commit themselves immediately . 
  they had to wait and see if finland would survive the initial onslaught before they seriously considered rendering any substantial aid . 
    allied military interest in scandinavia was not , of course , a recent development . 
  during the first world war , the british had mined norwegian waters , and they were considering doing so again . 
  moreover , the british admiralty , prodded by winston churchill , had , in september 1939 , already begun to prepare a plan to force passage into the baltic sea in order to cut germany off from her swedish iron ore supplies . 
  the league of nations ' resolution calling on all nations to aid finland provided the legal rationale , while the success of finnish arms gave practical grounds for implemmenting open allied intervention in scandinavia . 
  ostensibly , the intervention would be directed against russia , but who could blame the allies if an open confrontation developed with germany in the process ? 
  of course , in the initial stages , the scandinavian states were not asked whether they were amenable to providing a battleground for the great powers . 
    for its part , the finnish government was ready and eager to accept offers of aid from anywhere , however it might discomfort her neighbors . 
  finland 's remoteness , however , made her dependent upon the scandinavian states , particularly sweden , for a great part of her war materials and food supplies , as well as on the good will of sweden and norway , if any substantial numbers of troops from the allies were to reach the finnish front . 
    it is in this context that the allied offers of aid must be evaluated . 
  unquestionably , the idea of sending troops to finland inspired more enthusiasm in the french than in the british government . 
  when the question was first raised in the allied supreme council on 19th december , 1939 , premier daladier of france expressed his desire to dispatch an expeditionary force to finland immediately . 
  for their part , the british took a more cautious approach , wanting to avoid an open breach with the soviet union before they had taken stock of all the facts . 
  it was finally agreed to aid finland indirectly at first with technicians and supplies and to take up the matter of transit thought norway and sweden with their respective governments . 
    the question of transit rights was broached with the norwegian and swedish governments on 27th december ; on 4th january 1940 , the two governments gave a favorable response , but with the proviso that the supplies be shipped under the guise of finnish purchases abroad . 
  a few days later finland was permm itted to begin recruiting volunteers in the united kingdom , and the british government undertook to secure transit rights across scandinavia for the volunteer units . 
  neither norway nor sweden objected to this traffic . 
    meanwhile , the question of official allied intervention in the conflict was still hanging fire . 
  several plans were given serious consideration , among them one which would have directed an attack on the russians via petsamo . 
  for this purpose , three polish destroyers and two submarines which had been incorporated into the british navy were to sail to petsamo to blockade the port and simultaneously cut off the russian divisions operating in the arctic . 
  general sikorski , head of the polish government in exile , approved the plan , but the british vetoed it because petsamo 's isolated position and the difficulties of transportation from there to the main theater of war made it impractical . 
  the french proposed to plan for an attack through turkey and the black sea , which would have caused the russians to transfer large numbers of troops to the south to protect the oil-rich caucasus but this plan , too , was discarded . 
    that the allies even seriously considered these plans indicates the secondary importance they attached to the finnish war itself . 
  their main interest was to open a second front , and each of the plans might have done that -- at the expense of finland -- but the points of invasion were too far removed from the continent to affect the german war effort immediately . 
  what was needed was a plan which posted a more direct threat to germany in order to make her shift large numbers of divisions from the french frontier at once .
