  that being said , i also do n't think that there will be an outright war . 
  nk gains nothing from it . 
  makes kim happier than it does the us , china , south korea , or japan unhappy weighted by how much russia cares about the opinion of each . 
   the west well , in all fairness , nk is really more specific to the us -- as far as i know , most western countries have a limited stake in nk , and i do n't know whether anyone else has sk/japan military obligations ( maybe the uk ? 
  i dunno what uk involvement in east asia is like these days . ), 
  edit : [ ah , yes , looks like the uk is also involved ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/invincible-shield-military-drill-against-north-korean-threat-us-uk-south-korea-begin-2440468 ) . 
  i assume that it 's a take on [ j'accuse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%27accuse%e2%80%a6 ! ), 
  from the dreyfus affair . 
  beyond that , no idea . 
  was there a bunch of immigration from finns a while back ? 
  estonian knowledge dropped for a period and finnish knowledge rose ... but kids are n't learning finnish , so i assume that it was immigration of non-estonian-speaking finns . 
   sad that the russian economy grows even while your master has its puny sanctions on our economy ? 
  ignoring the `` master '' bit ... actually , the eu 's sanctions are much-more influential than ours . 
  any impact from the us would stem more from us ability to affect oil 's price . 
   you rule a failed state i do n't think that it counts as failed in that inability to exert control over part of the territory stems not from internal factors , but from external occupation . 
  i am not at all convinced that most people come with the idea of living on welfare . 
  i suspect that higher wages are a much-more-important factor . 
  but seriously , only need one person -- throughput is n't that high . 
  well , sturgeon * does * want to divide the country , so that 's not wrong . 
  corbyn kinda too , i guess , if you count the falklands . 
  why is she beating up on farron , though ? 
  i mean , yes , politics , but i do n't think that he 's advocated for anything that would split the uk . 
  one thing is right , though -- the only realistic way that the conservative party does n't absolutely clobber the other parties would be some form of collusion between the other parties . 
  right now , labour will probably take a beating , but many of those seats will go to the conservative party , because of how fptp works -- you either need to be dominant ( as the conservative party is at the moment ) or regional ( as the snp is ) . 
  one strategy that seems viable to me would be for the three parties to basically section up the uk and collectively agree not to campaign in each other 's areas . 
  they endorse each other in the regions where they are running . 
  that 's obviously painful for a political party , but otherwise , they get hammered . 
  fptp favors regional parties , and this maximizes their strength . 
  small parties get completely screwed unless they 're regional , and they would absolutely need to decisively move to make themselves regional very quickly . 
  ld and labour , for example , agree to pull out of scotland and basically concede it to the snp in the election , and endorse the snp . 
  ld and labour each pull out of some subset of other areas , and agree to endorse each other in those seats . 
  otherwise , ld will probably gain some seats , labour will lose a lot to the conservatives and some to ld , snp will stand fast , and every one of the three will be politically-irrelevant for the brexit process . 
  yes , corbyn labour has n't shown interest in compromise before ... but maybe they 'd accept cross-party compromise . 
  they simply can not hope for a single-handed majority , so the best they 'd get would be a coalition . 
  ld ca n't get a majority , but they provide somewhere that some centrist labour voters might vote without going conservative -- they could potentially avoid having the voters simply crumble into conservative seats . 
  nobody will get everything that they want , but this way they at least have the * potential * to have impact . 
  anything else , and they 're frozen out and it 's single-party rule for the next five years . 
   we 're the biggest export and import region in the world . 
  technically nafta 's larger , but yeah , it 's comparable . 
  i also bet that you 're more-tied to fragile bits of the world than nafta -- you think that africa 's got issues today , imagine what happens when many of their outside sources for goods and services get disrupted at the same time as their ability to export . 
   why do left-wing politics rise during the ` good times ' and why do right-wing politics rise during the ` bad times ' ? 
  they do n't -- the marshall plan was in part intended to reduce uptake of communism in europe by making people better-off . 
  extremism in general , left and right , is associated with tough times . 
  well , i 'm not saying that it 's * impossible * for something like the eu to exist , but i 'm assuming that the eu would be tremendously economically-weakened . 
  the uk is probably leaving the single market , because they demanded an exemption on freedom of labor . 
  melenchon wants to demand an exemption on freedom of capital and freedom of goods ( dunno about services and labour , though i assume at least the former is explicit ) . 
  even if he only achieves what he wanted , that 's effectively france leaving the european single market . 
  if the uk and france both leave the single market , that 's somewhere over $ 5 trillion in gdp lost . 
  the esm was something like $ 19t in 2015 , before the declines , so the esm becomes somewhere under $ 14t , maybe significantly-less . 
  melenchon is proposing trying to pull italy and/or greece also out , so that might be an even bigger hit . 
  that would * substantially * decrease the size of the esm , probably sending it below the size of china . 
  not sure what it 'd do to the euro . 
  the single market would still be large enough to offer a lot of the benefits of scale , but it 'd be significantly smaller . 
  there 's also the question of how much of this is bluff . 
  that is , maybe melenchon is lying about actually being willing to do this to win votes . 
  even * if * he 's lying , though , he could easily wind up with a cameron-type situation , though . 
  plus , regardless of what he does , he 's going to be inserting a bunch of uncertainty . 
  i 've got no idea of the impact on the euro or of what euro-denominated government bonds might do . 
   \u2022 a refugee is a person who has fled their country and can not return for fear of harm due to their race , religion , nationality or membership of a particular social group . 
  on applying for refugee status , their claim is assessed by the un refugee agency ( unhcr ) or a sympathetic state . 
    * an asylum seeker is a person who has claimed refugee status in another country , and is waiting to hear if they have been successful . 
  this is * not * what the us use of the term is . 
  i am not saying that this is not the case in all european status . 
  a `` refugee '' obviously has a common sense use , but in terms of application to asking for legal classification , someone applying for `` refugee status '' is someone abroad ( has not passed through customs or across a border ) and someone applying for `` asylum '' is someone who is already inside the country . 
  from a [ source favorable to applications ] ( http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/asylum-or-refugee-status-how-32299.html ) :  one key difference between applications for asylum or refugee status is where you apply -- refugees must apply from outside the u.s. , while people requesting asylum must apply either at a u.s. border ( including airports , seaports , and the like ) or from within the united states . 
  it is much-more-legally-favorable to apply for asylum -- you can appeal , and you have more time to work with . 
  in [ french law ] ( https://www.loc.gov/law/help/refugee-law/france.php ) , it looks like `` refugee status '' is a subcategory of `` asylum '' . 
  i think that msf is not really correct if they 're trying to apply a global definition . 
   take one senegalese man who was rescued in the mediterranean sea by msf . 
  he had initially left his country to escape extreme poverty . 
    arriving in libya , instead of finding work he found himself incarcerated and tortured , so his motive then became simply to find a place where his life would no longer be in danger . 
  the msf favors pulling more people into europe , and i think that this is a substantial stretch to try to form a legal argument that would support legally obtaining `` first safe country '' status as the refugee convention goes . 
  that is , this sounds very much like what a lawyer working on behalf of a migrant would argue for , not an outside , objective observer . 
   nonetheless , the number of families , women and unaccompanied children is high . 
  we 've gone over the point before that because being an unaccompanied child is legally-advantageous and it 's hard to absolutely-prove age , some people have claimed a lower age than they actually are , and msf will presumably use an interpretation that uses the stated age . 
   all of whom are leaving behind conflict , persecution or extreme poverty . 
  i think that for many people , grouping these three is very problematic . 
  first , even if permitting in war refugees is an issue , `` extreme poverty '' is not grounds for refugee status under the refugee convention -- this is simply a favorable way to phrase much economic migration . 
  second , while people fleeing a war might ( especially temporarily ) be sheltered , providing immigration opportunities to the world 's poor is simply not practical -- there are far too many . 
  this means that either one is to be inconsistent or that accepting people who want to avoid poverty will cause major problems for a country . 
   most sold everything they had or spent their life savings on the trip to europe -- which went into the hands of smugglers or was stolen from them along the way . 
  on the other hand , it 's very dubious that one wants to encourage human smuggling by using this as an argument to grant legal status at the end of a smuggling run . 
   msf teams last september found more than one in seven children suffering from severe acute malnutrition . 
  many of these people lack basic food supplies and have no access to healthcare . 
  i think that many opposed to permitting migration to europe * would * support funding food aid abroad . 
  i 'm not sure that malnutrition is a compelling argument . 
   but it is certainly not true that most people want to come to the uk . 
  the majority of people are simply hoping for a safe place to live in mainland europe until they are able to return home safely . 
  i do not believe this claim . 
  i do not think that there is any substantial portion of the , say , eritrean migrant population who get legal permanent residency in the uk would ever want to return to eritrea . 
  wow . 
  this some has a left-wing tilt ( or at least perceives itself as having one ) , but i 'm * astounded * by , at least as of this writing , how even the distribution is , across the entire spectrum , from far-left to far-right . 
  i 'd add that i think that this suffers from two major problems : * people judge themselves relative to the people they interact with . 
  in the us , the democrats pretty much define the meaningful left ( left-center in europe 's terms ) , and they are n't going to , say , have the state own utilities and transport or the medical system , whereas that prospect would be a fiscally-right-wing position in even the uk . 
  i think that questions that ask about * policy * are probably more meaningful than `` where do you fit on a spectrum '' . 
  for example , `` do you support a prohibition on capital punishment '' or `` should employers be able to fire people on-the-spot , without legally-showing cause '' are universal in nature , whereas `` being left '' says more about one 's self-image and who one interacts with . 
  basically , a frenchman may see `` being right '' as something different from what a pole sees it as , and a briton may see it as something different yet again . 
  * the one-dimensional axis is uncomfortably limiting . 
  there are many traditionally-right positions ( e.g. 
  sodomy laws ) that i suspect would receive little support here .
