  i mean , he * always * has that intense look going on . 
  [ has been used to indicate `` about to drop candy '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gail_halvorsen ) '' :  halvorsen himself became known by many nicknames to the children of berlin , including his original moniker of `` uncle wiggly wings , '', 
  i do n't think that that is actually the eu goal . 
  the leaked response has been : * two year negotiation ( we already knew this ) . 
  * three year implementation period , during which the status quo does n't change ( new ) . 
  * no parallel negotiation during the two years . 
  this is * probably * , to my layman 's eyes , not aimed at pressuring the uk -- in fact , it effectively gives three instead of two years to formally-negotiate with other countries , and provides a two year delay until that starts . 
  my guess is that it 's intended to block the us from establishing favorable-to-the-us trade structure in the post-eu uk first ( `` wisconsin-made feta cheese for everyone ! '' ), 
  -- the eu will get first shot . 
  in practice , the eu is a larger chunk of the uk 's trade and is geographically-closer , and probably would have been in a position to set eu-favorable rules anyway . 
  it 's also difficult to enforce . 
  the uk can obviously talk to other countries privately . 
  however , those countries wo n't be in a position to make really binding commitments for those two years . 
  how many present eu members would have passed popular referendums at , say , a two-thirds popular majority to join the eu in the first case if that were the standard ? 
   introducing a five eyes trojan horse hey , c'mon , now . 
  i 'm sure we 'd be spying on our own one way or another . 
   at least one if the eu continues to require consensus votes to add members . 
  well , the laws are n't really going to be unravelled . 
  they 're going to certainly be in place for two years , and * probably * remain in place for another three years at least ( the transition period that the eu is talking about ) , and even then changes will probably only happen on an an as-needed basis ) . 
  it 's not like may is going to sit down and say `` okay , time to write the uk a code of laws . 
  page 1 : ... 
   is nuking uk going to positively affect eu no . 
  i 'm assuming that it 's the four freedoms , but you 're probably right that most people being polled were n't clear on what was meant . 
   one could argue that policy was mimicked just so that future trade deals with the us would be easier and more beneficial . 
  aka butt kissing . 
  ... how would adopting similar security policy on direct flights from several countries make future trade deals any easier or more-beneficial ? 
  the us and the uk communicate and share information . 
  it seems likely that they used common information in coming to the conclusion that permitting laptops in carry-on was dangerous . 
  how does that equate to `` butt-kissing '' ? 
  trump did n't run on a promise to convince the uk to do that . 
  the us electorate is n't going to care what the uk does . 
  the party with an interest in securing their aircraft will be the uk . 
  i mean ... that just does n't make sense . 
  why ? 
  i mean , i 'm not * advocating * for it , but that 's just fdi . 
  you invest in us businesses all the time , we invest in your businesses all the time , there 's no freedom-of-labor between the us and the eu . 
  that causes no collapse . 
  mostly because the short-wicks turn up to vote . 
  republican party policies are fine and largely identical to democratic ones . 
  the rhetoric you get is over relatively-minor differences . 
  we have two exceptionally-centrist parties . 
  i take it that this is a long-standing east german joke, 
  my assumption is that the uk will continue to follow eu product standards for the foreseeable future , though . 
  it probably does whack the european steel industry . 
  * but * it subisidizes the european industries that make use of steel . 
  if you impose a tariff , now you 're kneecapping industries that want to make things out of the steel that you 're making hard to import . 
  countries that are fine with importing it ( shipbuilding , auto-building , whatever ) in other countries will be more-competitive . 
  ( note that the steel industry is politically-influential in the us , and that the us did impose tariffs . ), 
  the us probably wo n't join the eu because a lot of the benefits of geographic proximity that make the eu have chosen countries in europe do n't exist for the us . 
  the us could conceivably merge with canada or mexico , but because the us is much larger than mexico and much , much larger than canada , it 'd probably be more the us absorbing them than visa versa . 
  there are some reasonable arguments for that on geographic grounds , and the topic has been seriously brought up before . 
  but it 's not something that canada or mexico have ever asked for , and i think that our looser arrangements have worked fairly well . 
  a more apt issue might be `` should california , texas , or new york '' be in the us . 
  california 's two-thirds the population of the uk , and the us is half the population of the eu . 
  and i think that california * should * be in the us -- it would be pretty disadvantageous for california to leave . 
  yeah , california has to subsidize some poorer states , but it derives major security , economy-of-scale , transit , global impact , and so forth benefits from being in the union . 
  true , california 's not an island , so it 's not * quite * the same , but i think that the comparison is closer . 
  war is pretty rapid at making the wealthy poor . 
  chinese wages have rapidly increased . 
  i think that convergence within a generation is possible . 
  i do n't think that the term `` globalism '' is reasonable here . 
  `` globalism '' refers to engagement with , well , the globe . 
  trading and interacting with other countries around the world . 
  that is n't the goal of the eu , though internationalism is obviously involved . 
  it 's to build a union of countries that are mostly in europe , to have them operate as a wealthy , sophisticated , and powerful bloc . 
  the eu would treat , say , bulgaria as fundamentally-different from mongolia . 
  i bet not . 
  for the uk to need to do that , the following would need to be true : * the uk can not obtain continued participation in galileo ( or does not want to do so ) . 
  * the uk can not obtain guaranteed access to gps . 
  * the uk is involved in a conflict where neither the eu nor the us nor any other global satellite positioning system operator is willing to provide access . 
  basically , the us theoretically had a shit-ton of potential clout when they were the only one running a global satellite positioning system in that they could deny a useful military tool to people if they did n't want them fighting a war . 
  but every time someone new puts up a new system , it decreases the value of prior ones , because you can only deny access to one if * everyone * refuses to let you use theirs . 
  i 'll add in one more point . 
  i think that the use of gps having military tones was more an artifact of the us being a federal system where the federal government has competency over military matters , but often not over civilian matters . 
  so , for example , back when the us built the us interstate highway system ... to be blunt , the federal government wanted civilian infrastructure and saw the benefits as outweighing the costs . 
  however , the federal government had no clear authority to do this , so it was presented as a military project -- it was built to specifications that would permit tanks to be moved from one coast to another , halving the amount of military hardware required to effectively defend the us against an amphibious invasion . 
  the official name of the us interstate system is the [ dwight d. eisenhower national system of interstate and defense highways ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interstate_highway_system ) . 
  it was presented to the public as being a military project , and thus something that the federal government could legitimately spend on and which would conveniently provide for civilian use as well . 
  in practice , the interstate system has rather limited military use and is overwhelmingly civilian infrastructure . 
  my guess is that gps had essentially the same role . 
  the federal government saw something that had major positive externalities to operate as a free service , and did so ... but had dubious authority to handle , were it not a military system . 
  ergo , it was presented as primarily a military system . 
  and , yes , it has military applications ... but it 's also got major civilian and automation uses , and i 'm not convinced that this was n't the primary concern . 
  the us has already agreed to remove the ability to selectively-disable gps , which was the the major sticking point , and i understand that the current satellite replacement schedule is doing that . 
  it probably does not make sense for any additional new satellite navigation systems to be developed by individual countries unless they can offer significantly-improved accuracy . 
  all existing providers withholding access to their systems in the event of a war seems pretty unlikely to me . 
  it 's not clear to me that `` military '' and `` intelligence '' are the same here . 
  i do n't think that there 's lack of understanding -- i mean , people are n't brain-damaged . 
  it 's just that i think that people are upset with the uk and want some way to do something back and choose something that 's just really bound to set people off . 
  but even if people were irked ... i mean , come on . 
  this is like germany urging a region of france to leave and join germany . 
  it 's just not on , you know ? 
  i do n't see britons off saying `` hey , ireland , how about you go bail on this eu thing and come hang out with us '' , but i do see a number of folks from the mainland enthusing about the prospect of the uk being split in some way . 
  yes . 
  does n't conflict with what i said , though . 
   the uk has the highest fertility rate in the eu i believe , or at least somewhere around there . 
  it does not have the natural decline of germany . 
  all eu members have sub-replacement fertility . 
  you 're right that germany is particularly badly-off , though . 
  i do n't dispute that the political environment in the uk was conducive to a brexit , regardless of the specific reasons ... and certainly that paying attention to this is something that the eu should do as long as it permits unilateral withdrawal ( hell , and even if not ) .
