  `` multiculturalism '' is n't really a synonym for immigration . 
  the name refers to the policy of explicitly aiming to have multiple cultures exist side-by-side rather than aiming to integrate cultures . 
  it took me a while to understand what it meant , becauase planning integration or non-integration is n't really part of public dialog here . 
  people just do pretty much whatever they want , and the government does n't do much one way or another . 
  was trendy to do so for leftists a while back before venezuela 's economy reached the point that it was n't providing a number of the basics to the people in the country . 
  jeremy corbyn 's done public lauding of chavez and venezuela too . 
  russia has [ already sent s-300s to iran ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/17/iran-unveils-s-300-missile-defence-system-at-army-day-parade/ ) . 
  also to [ syria ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/russia-sends-s-300-air-defense-system-to-syria/ ) , to [ venezuela ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-venzuela-chavez-idustre58c1yr20090914 ) , and to [ north korea ] ( http://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/10761/north-korea-says-kn-06-sam-system-ready-for-production-after-successful-test ) ( edit : the last maybe via technology transfer ; not familiar with the history there ) . 
   no need to warn , if the us do it we can just as easily arm iran , north korea , venezuela russia does n't nexessarily provide them * gratis * , but already sells arms to iran : [ us officials ` concerned ' as iran , russia plan $ 10 billion arms deal ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/11/15/us-officials-concerned-as-iran-russia-plan-10-billion-arms-deal.html ) north korea : [ us sanctions more , including russians , over north korea arms ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/02/us-sanctions-more-including-russians-over-north-korea-arms.html ) and venezuela : [ venezuela buying su-30s , helicopters , etc. 
  from russia ] ( http://www.defenseindustrydaily.com/venezuela-buying-su30s-helicopters-et-al-from-russia-02472/ ), 
  they can determine whether you can draw from the country 's welfare system within schengen , though . 
  looks like japan 's government [ is trying really hard to arrange for as much immigration as possible without * calling * it immigration ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/quicktake/japan-s-shrinking-population ) to avoid political friction :  the prime minister , sensitive to the public 's reluctance to open the doors to foreigners , has relaxed restrictions in a piecemeal fashion while avoiding the term `` immigration . '' his measures since taking office in 2012 have contributed to an increase in the number of overseas workers to more than a million , double that in 2008 . 
  a so-called internship program attracted cheap labor from asia to farms and factories , and foreigners can now become housekeepers or tourist guides in special deregulated zones . 
  -  an aging population brings `` dire '' implications for a country 's finances , according to the international monetary fund . 
  yet the electoral muscle of the elderly -- who are far more likely than the young to vote -- has made it hard for politicians to do much more than trim their pensions and other benefits . 
  faced with spiraling retirement payouts , abe has pushed the national pension scheme to invest in riskier assets in a bid to improve returns . 
  and while the japanese recognize more than any nationality that an aging population is problematic , most remain wary about immigration . 
  among the reasons : the desire to preserve the country 's cultural identity and the potential impact on ultra-low crime rates . 
  that has n't stopped abe vowing to provide the world 's fastest path to permanent residency for skilled workers . 
  well , germany 's at 22.5 % , and the us at about 26 % , so we 're still ahead for the moment !, 
  my understanding is that there is a requirement to be employed in at least some members . 
  thanks , romania !, 
  note that this is [ not far off present us levels , which are at about 26 % ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2015/09/28/modern-immigration-wave-brings-59-million-to-u-s-driving-population-growth-and-change-through-2065/ph_2015-09-28_immigration-through-2065-11/ ) . 
   on wednesday , 26 july 2017 , the european court of justice upheld the right of the european member states to deport refugees to the state they first set foot in . 
  the ruling is a reinforcement of the dublin regulation signed in 1990 in ireland . 
  and now we see why some member states worked so hard to make sure that nobody was officially registered in them . 
  i wonder if the migrant processing process in other countries involved interviewing people to determine the route they took . 
  would be [ pretty scandalous by victorian standards ] ( http://all-that-is-interesting.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/history-womens-swimwear-1800s.jpg ), 
  some countries ban satellite devices for this reason . 
  looks like the man is on top of this in russia already . 
  https://www.satphonesales.com.au/files/satellite_phone_restrictions.pdf  in russia , registration of a satellite phone may be required in order for the device to operate properly : `` visitors may bring regular cellular telephones to russia without restriction . 
  satellite telephones require advance approval from the russian authorities . 
  the russian agency esponsible for telecommunications issues and the approval of satellite phone import is roskomnadzor . '' i would assume that a transmitting satellite device is probably not too hard to find . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_russia  since 2012 , russia maintains a centralized internet blacklist ( known as the `` single register '' ) maintained by the federal service for supervision of communications , information technology and mass media ( roskomnadzor ) . 
  the list is used for the censorship of individual urls , domain names , and ip addresses . 
  it was originally introduced to block sites that contain materials advocating drug abuse and drug production , descriptions of suicide methods , and containing child pornography . 
  it was subsequently amended to allow the blocking of materials that are classified as extremist , call for illegal meetings , or contain other content deemed illegal . 
  [ 1 ] these regulations have been frequently abused to block criticism of the federal government or local administration . 
  as people predicted back when fighting attempts to introduce these in other countries to `` protect the children '' or to `` block child pornographers '' or to `` stop terrorists '' , or similarly emotionally-evocative things . 
  you 're saying that the database has overhead of something like minutes to be checked ? 
  gas weapons were kind of not fun too , and there was plenty of that in world war i. 
  tough luck , roman empire . 
  we always wondered why you fell . 
  i do n't speak finnish , but going off what model numbers are present , the russian aircraft tended towards being large cargo or passenger aircraft . 
  there are changes that affect a lots of laws that come through sporadically . 
  in the us , constitutional amendments do this , as do new constitutional interpretations and legal doctrines from higher courts . 
  it does n't mean that all law need be rectified immediately . 
  is it advantageous to sync them up soon ? 
  sure , because it 'll provide more certainty to anyone who wants to be sure of what the law will do . 
  but it 's not * necessary * . 
  i 'm sure that there will be legal questions for quite some time , with the more-critical ones being brought up in court sooner . 
  sounds like it 's time to use tourist money to build parking garages and expand the transit system !, 
   without taking with us at least some of our main enemies such as the ss countries of ukraine , estonia , lithuania and latvia you are very ignorant so , let 's hypothetically assume that there 's a civil war in a russia that has separatist republics flying off under assholes like kadyrov . 
  you 're telling me that in the middle of fighting for control , someone says `` i concede that the parts will not be reunified , and that means i need to go after the baltics and ukraine and destroy them '' ? 
  i do n't buy that . 
  the us was concerned about nuclear civil war among the ex-ssrs under gorbachev . 
  but that would be the concern , not right in the middle of some war , some chunk going off to kick some other country around . 
   we will not go down to the us empire without taking with us their most russia hating vassals . 
  ghaleon1 , i do n't know what to say , dude . 
  i think that your world view is kinda askew . 
  if it does , china will move in on siberia . 
  that may not be desirable . 
  that was my guess as a possibility up until a50 invocation . 
  but doing that simply makes no sense if you want to stay in . 
  it makes everything radically more difficult , weakens your position , and provides very little to the uk . 
  if the eu , say , offers suspension of freedom of movement , then they have to worry about future members entering a50 and playing chicken with them . 
  that puts them in a horrible position to make concessions , since they create a really bad precedent : at the minimum , i think that a50 would have to be revised to avoid this . 
  finally , for the uk to politically move remain , i 'd argue that it needs a referendum going the other way . 
  it seems to me that the lds pulling a strong win in the ge were the best hope of that , as they were running on that . 
  they did not achieve that . 
  public views have not shifted after the referendum , and i do not believe that the may government is actively attempting to shift them . 
   the first prediction was that a vote to leave would trigger a comprehensive review of the entire legal system , which would be needed to prepare the uk for withdrawal : after all , for over 40 years , uk law has evolved under the influence of and in combination with eu law . 
  this one i do n't see as a blocking issue . 
  there will no doubt be ambiguous points , but they 'll be handled lazily , as they arise , by the judiciary . 
  it applies to every country that 's ever obtained independence , and it clearly has not been a blocking factor . 
  i am sure that there will be some blogs actively covering brexit legal issues . 
   our 2nd prediction was that a vote to leave could lead to radical changes in the constitutional structure of the uk . 
  for example : it could increase the likelihood of a second referendum on scottish independence . 
  and it could create serious problems for northern ireland , not least through a hardening of the border with the republic . 
  still possible , but for the moment , appetite for a second scottish independence referendum seems to have died down . 
  the situation in northern ireland is going to depend on what implementation goes into place . 
  i actually think that area along the irish border might potentially do well out of this : if the economic environment in the uk and the eu wind up being dramatically different , it could be the point where the european single market comes in contact with other major economic areas . 
   our 3rd prediction concerned relations with the eu . 
  in particular , we suggested that there would be negotiations on an agreement dealing with the mechanics of withdrawal ( e.g. 
  migrant rights ) ; then separately , the possibility of a framework agreement on future relations ( particularly in the field of trade ) . 
  but the latter agreement could only be concluded after we had already left the eu and was likely to take far longer than two years to finalise . 
  in the meantime : we might be forced to trade under the minimalist rules of the wto -- a scenario which every credible commentator regards as deeply unsatisfactory if not deeply damaging . 
  yeah , i think that that 's possible . 
  i would have thought that it would be more-visibly further along , though i assume that the progress would n't be public anyway -- it may have been going on for some time . 
  i * hope * it is . 
  additionally , both merkel and may have proposed an implementation period of five and four years , respectively . 
  during that period , business may continue as normal . 
   for example : despite the pm 's rhetoric about guaranteeing citizens ' rights , and not using them as bargaining chips , the uk baffled many of the other member states by refusing to match ( by quite some considerable distance ) the eu 's existing offer of a full and reciprocal safeguard for the existing rights of all current migrants both sides made early offers to resolve status . 
  my own view is that the uk 's is much more in-line with what i 'd expect to see : i am doubtful that the eu will get eu citizens in the uk special privileges . 
  the major concern i 'd have would be guarantees that neither side engage in any sort of policy to boot existing people out . 
   meanwhile , tory europhobes continue their strategy of seeking to whip up tabloid hysteria at any prospect of a financial settlement of the uk 's rights and liabilities -- no doubt having identified this as their best chance to sabotage the chances of securing any withdrawal deal at all . 
  i am not sold on the `` the conservative party wants no deal over a mutually advantageous one '' position . 
  i doubt that they will take a deal with single market membership , which is what dougan might have been hoping for , based on his comments . 
  i was initially a fan of the `` conform to the referendum by word but not spirit and stay in the single market '' approach that he seems to favor , but i agree with many arguments that that is probably not going to fly politically . 
   our 4th and final set of predictions was that , when it comes to relations with the rest of the world , we would face a series of challenges : 1 ) the loss of our existing trade agreements ( dozens of them ) as already negotiated by the eu ; 2 ) the need urgently to build capacity in the highly specialist and complex field of international trade negotiations and representation ; 3 ) the likelihood that our bargaining power on the international scene will prove to be significantly more limited than it is as part of the single market ; and 4 ) the risk that other countries would expect clarity about our domestic and regional trade position before entering advanced talks on new trade deals .
