  that 's $ 11,000 per day to dress up , have sex with someone who she would n't normally have sex with , and generally be play a part . 
  [ median annual personal per-capita female income in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_income_in_the_united_states ) is about three times that ( hell , slovenia 's gon na be lower , but let 's work with this ) . 
  would you do that for three days for a year 's wage ? 
  more to the point , would you do it for four months , forego that love for four months , to cover your entire working life 's salary , and retire after that ? 
  if someone asked me to have sex with , dress up for , and generally act for four months for an older woman who is n't very appealing in exchange for receiving my salary for the rest of my life without needing to work and having freedom to do whatever i want ... well , it would n't be an offer that i 'd have expected , but i 'd probably take it , after some thought . 
  that 's basically what she 's doing , though she 's gon na extend it as far as she can -- put more time in early to become wealthier later . 
   of course she is an adult that is perfectly capable to make her own decisions , but i do n't see any reason why she could n't feel hopelessly miserable , lonely and depressed . 
  well , yeah , no doubt . 
  but that 's a risk for a lot more than trophy wives . 
  like i said in another comment , if he keeps her for about the same amount of time as he did his last wife and the prenup is comparable , she gets her expenses and lifestyle paid for in the meantime and walks with probably $ 50 million and retires early , can go off and do what she wants with the rest of her life . 
  that 's pretty decent compensation for your youth , imho . 
  i mean , a job is paying you for spending much of your waking life behind a desk somewhere , so you 're `` selling '' your life anyway -- it 's really more that she 's working long hours , and does n't have a guaranteed way to leave work . 
  her kids maybe wind up positioned reasonably well for the future . 
  she 's got ta put up with trump in the meantime , which i agree is a pain , but she probably gets some interesting and memorable experiences too -- most people do n't get to spend time hobnobbing with the rich and famous and being catered to at expensive retail places . 
  if you 're paid to be polite to even rude customers in , say , a retail setting , you 're having to swallow your pride too , and they are n't making $ 4m/year plus perks . 
  does n't really address the issue of a trans-atlantic difference that i was responding to . 
  that is , ca n't say `` well , syrians might show up from the middle east and that would be bad '' when the guy was domestic . 
  eh , for reading , at least , florida 's got a big spanish-speaking immigrant population . 
  we 'll see what happens a generation down the road if immigration tails off in florida . 
  thc in an amsterdamian goes to his urine . 
  urine goes to the sewer . 
  the sewer goes to a bioreactor , the bioreactor to a river , rivers to the sea . 
  stoned shrimp . 
  maybe we go about paying national leaders all wrong . 
  that is , official pay is limited , and there 's great opportunity for corruption . 
  i wonder whether it would be worth it to pay something like $ 200m/year to the president , but then subject them and relatives to severe lifetime financial scrutiny afterwards . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  still ... marriage has always had a pragmatic , financial side to it . 
  maybe it did n't look much like the starkly-naked `` i pay you to dress up and get balled for 13 years and then we 're quits '' of the trumps and more like `` okay , you bring home the bacon , i cook the bacon '' , but it was still a form of transaction to it . 
  people * are * trying to find some arrangement that makes them better-off in practical terms than they would have been , and what they put into it is what they 're `` paying '' . 
  yeah , well , that 's probably what you get a high-priced therapist for . 
  she 's [ presumably gon na pull something like $ 50 million for about 13 years of work , if it 's inflation-adjusted comparable to his last wife ] ( http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2005-01-21/news/0501220056_1_donald-trump-marla-maples-prenup ) . 
  i mean , yeah , you 've got 13 years of getting balled by trump and having to dress yourself up for trump in your life , regardless of how embarrassing he is , but that seems like a not unreasonable return for your youth and the time you put in . 
  you 've got a comfortable early retirement after that and can go do what you want . 
  on the flip side , unless you and your spouse both die in a car accident or something , someone 's got ta go first . 
  50 years of marriage is n't a bad run . 
  being a millionaire is not [ as exclusive a club as it once was ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/22/record-number-of-millionaire-households-in-us.html ) . 
   since the 2008 financial crisis , the number of millionaire households has grown every year , adding a total of 4 million millionaire households , according to spectrem group , the wealth research firm . 
  the stats mean that more than one out of every 10 households in america is worth $ 1 million or more . 
  `` millionaire '' apparently entered the english language in 1821 , when i assume that it referred to the british pound and would have referred to a much greater amount of wealth . 
  a million pounds in 1821 adjusted for inflation would be 89 million pounds , $ 113 million , or 102 million eur . 
  given macron 's and erdogan 's difference in outfits , putting them next to each other kinda exaggerates the difference . 
  that would arguably be an extremely good move for him in the context of international relations for a bit . 
  i mean that it kinda puts a hole in the `` not safe in europe because immigration from syria possible '' argument that the poster was making . 
   i 'm not aware of a single time russia ( soviet union ) and the u.s. have engaged each other directly . 
  soviet and us aircraft in the korean war . 
  ehhh . 
  i mean , the uk or canada are probably the us 's closest ties . 
  the bomber thing is embarrassing and maybe screws up a uk investigation and/or pr handling , but i 'd also place it way down the list as concerns go , if you 're comparing it to , say , the nuclear serial numbers issue or kim philby as leaks go . 
  my assumption is that the visibility that has has more to do with politics . 
  was n't the manchester bomber repeatedly reported ? 
  i mean , what more do you want ? 
  would you have complained about the irish as a whole during the troubles ? 
  sure , go a ways back and i absolutely agree . 
  but today ? 
  christianity 's long-since redefined usury and made it okay for christians to offer financing , and it 's not like moneylenders belong to a different ethnic group these days . 
  either there 's something that i 'm missing in the passage or my original comment was unclear . 
  so , i 'm not raising questions about whether the uk should pay those funds . 
  maybe they should , maybe they should n't -- that 's a separate question . 
  i do n't feel that i 've got a basis to say that it should be one way or the other . 
  what i 'm raising an issue about is the requirement that the funds for obligations down the line -- we 'll assume that those obligations should be paid in full by the uk for the sake of discussion -- be paid on the day that the uk exits the eu , earlier than would have been the case if the uk had n't left . 
  i do n't see an obvious reason for that . 
  it 's the timing of the payment that i 'm getting at . 
  edit : disregard , makes sense . 
  i read an ambiguous sentence incorrectly . 
   the central bank estimates the rate is already below the level that puts pressure on wages . 
  well , should n't some of that be expected ? 
  workers emigrate to other places in the eu with higher wages , the ones remaining are competing with less labor supply , wages in poland rise . 
  surely there was no expectation that wages in poland would remain persistently lower than other eu members . 
  some businesses wo n't be able to operate without the labor and will go out of business . 
  but that was always going to happen when economic needs and pressures changed . 
  not really . 
  i think that he may be updating the office 's conventions . 
  for a lot of the time that the papacy existed , the world was made up of monarchies . 
  looking at wikipedia , [ there are n't that many abdications ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:monarchs_who_abdicated ) , and i expect that the norm was to die in office . 
  the papacy mirrored that . 
  however , today , we live in a world where it is normal to have leaders who are elected and step down after a time . 
  you normally expect a dying , senile man to be running a country . 
  it may be that the papacy is just -- perhaps a bit delayed , but it 's a conservative position -- following what the present-day norms are . 
  i do n't even see what `` questions '' you 'd ask . 
  i mean , if you 're a roman catholic , okay , maybe you can argue theologically about the basis for abdication ( though i think that few really want to try arguing with the vatican over catholic theology ) . 
  but for the rest of us , it 's just a position and if the pope wants to step down , hey , that 's his business . 
  it 's not as if there 's some other authority who 'd say `` no , you ca n't abdicate ! '', 
  that would be very interesting . 
   the european union will next month demand britain agree to pay a fixed percentage of the eu 's outstanding obligations on the day it leaves the bloc , in defiance of a british rejection of that logic as `` preposterous '' . 
  hmm . 
  money now is not the same thing as money in ten years . 
  where 's the basis for asking that funds that the uk would have paid down the road now become available immediately ? 
  i do n't really see how the uk is harming the eu in some way that requires the remedy of earlier payment . 
  edit : oh , i get it -- the sentence is ambiguous . 
  it 's :  the european union will next month demand britain agree to pay < a fixed percentage of the eu 's outstanding obligations on the day it leaves the bloc  rather than :  the european union will next month demand britain agree to pay < a fixed percentage of the eu 's outstanding obligations  on the day it leaves the bloc ah , well . 
  our political system 's fine -- normally produces fairly centrist candidates . 
  trump 's hardly representative of the normal presidents we get . 
  he 's a couple months in and he 's under investigation by special counsel , which point he managed to reach with his * own party * in control of the legislature . 
  he 's appalling by any standard . 
  even / r/republican is disgusted . 
  oh , go take your economic agenda and shove it . 
  economic liberalism has fuck-all to do with trump 's popular image . 
  you do n't like reagan and/or friedman , fine . 
  it 's irrelevant to trump being rude .
