  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_supreme_court  under american federalism , the interpretation of a state supreme court on a matter of state law is normally final and binding and must be accepted in both state and federal courts . 
    federal courts may overrule a state court only when there is a federal question , which is to say , a specific issue ( such as consistency with the federal constitution ) that gives rise to federal jurisdiction . 
  federal appellate review of state supreme court rulings on such matters may be sought by way of a petition for writ of certiorari to the supreme court of the united states . 
  as the u.s. supreme court recognized in erie railroad co. v. tompkins ( 1938 ) , no part of the federal constitution actually grants federal courts or the federal congress the power to directly dictate the content of state law ( as distinguished from creating altogether separate federal law that in a particular situation may override state law ) . 
  clause 1 of section 2 of article three of the united states constitution describes the scope of federal judicial power , but only extended it to `` the laws of the united states '' and not the laws of the several or individual states . 
  it is this silence on that latter issue that gave rise to the american distinction between state and federal common law not found in other english-speaking common law federations like australia and canada . 
  the us actually provides for a strong separation between state and federal systems and would easily permit for quite a bit of deviation ... but as far as i 'm aware , not state has chosen to adopt a radically-different template in its basic system of government . 
  there 's louisiana , with the french civil law , and some states have different schemes for doing elections , nebraska has a unicameral legislature , but in rough form of the basic structure of government , afaik all look more-or-less similar . 
  that 's a matter of choice , though . 
  hmm . 
  when did , say , spain fuck over cee ? 
  the eternal cry of the conqueror !, 
   accept crimean annexation with no conditions . 
  `` annexation for ethnic reunification '' also has implications for the balkans . 
  checking op 's posting history , he 's got a bug up his butt about capitalism , and for some reason the mods are n't whacking this post for an editorialized title . 
   it 's actually fair to say that this particular form of collusion is particular prevalent in `` rhine capitalism '' , hmmm . 
  are you talking about a model specific to part of germany , or all of germany ? 
  what does that * mean * ? 
  i mean , you can say that maybe concerns are weighted more towards the political side than you 'd feel should be the case , but i ca n't realistically see how one could say that the eurozone is not dealing in economics . 
   what is happening in poland should had been forbidden from the beginning by eu law or stopped in another way . 
  it 's not forbidden in the us for a state to screw with its judiciary . 
  nor is it even required , for that matter , to have separation of powers in the state government . 
  not that that is an argument for `` right or wrong '' , but just for context . 
  it was ray kurzweil on there a year or two back . 
  that 's why you write a document on google docs or somewhere similar and then just paste the link in the field !, 
   it looks at how europe will change in the next decade from the impact of new technologies on society and jobs , to doubts about globalisation , security concerns and the rise of populism . 
  this sounds specifically like how to address people getting panicky about the effects of other people , not broadly `` what would be a good idea to do in the future '' . 
   well , thank you belgian authorities for not telling anyone all the discoveries of delicious chemicals come from inadvertently having people consume them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saccharin  saccharin was produced first in 1878 by constantin fahlberg , a chemist working on coal tar derivatives in ira remsen 's laboratory at the johns hopkins university . 
  ( as discussed below , the relative contributions of fahlberg and remsen to the discovery were later contested , with no final resolution in sight ; the 1879 paper announcing the discovery lists both names as authors , with fahlberg 's name first . ), 
  fahlberg noticed a sweet taste on his hand one evening , and connected this with the compound that he had been working on that day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sodium_cyclamate  cyclamate was discovered in 1937 at the university of illinois by graduate student michael sveda . 
  sveda was working in the lab on the synthesis of anti-fever medication . 
  he put his cigarette down on the lab bench , and , when he put it back in his mouth , he discovered the sweet taste of cyclamate . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aspartame  aspartame was discovered in 1965 by james m. schlatter , a chemist working for g.d. searle & company . 
  schlatter had synthesized aspartame as an intermediate step in generating a tetrapeptide of the hormone gastrin , for use in assessing an anti-ulcer drug candidate . 
  he discovered its sweet taste when he licked his finger , which had become contaminated with aspartame , to lift up a piece of paper . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acesulfame_potassium  acesulfame potassium was developed after the accidental discovery of a similar compound ( 5,6-dimethyl-1 ,2,3 - oxathiazin-4 ( 3h ) - one 2,2-dioxide ) in 1967 by karl clauss and harald jensen at hoechst ag . 
  after accidentally dipping his fingers into the chemicals with which he was working , clauss licked them to pick up a piece of paper . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sucralose  sucralose was discovered in 1976 by scientists from tate & lyle , working with researchers leslie hough and shashikant phadnis at queen elizabeth college ( now part of king 's college london ) . 
  while researching ways to use sucrose and its synthetic derivatives for industrial use , phadnis was told to `` test '' a chlorinated sugar compound . 
  phadnis thought hough asked him to `` taste '' it , so he did . 
  he found the compound to be exceptionally sweet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/powdered_eggs overnight delivery , internet order . 
  piece o ' cake . 
  well , not in europe , but if you want to luxuriate how much further your money will go ... in my city , in the san francisco bay area , the cheapest stand-alone house currently available for purchase , based on redfin listings , looks like $ 1.3 million , or 1.1 million eur . 
  if you doubled your 300k eur , you could just buy the cheapest condominium curently on the market , but there 's only a single one available at that price . 
  we have aggressive height restrictions on construction , limiting the ability of developers to add to the supply ... 
  in a statement released in may last year , spanish prosecutors said the giant chinese state-run lender was a conduit for laundering tens of millions of euros in illegal funds from tax fraud and smuggling by `` chinese criminal organizations . '' the sums laundered were so large , the prosecutors said , that `` the damage to the socio-economic order and the national economy is clear . '' ... the investigation has so alarmed beijing that china 's top official in madrid has publicly pressured spanish officials to conclude the inquiry , warning that failure to do so would harm economic relations . 
  so , i wonder how many of the high muckety-mucks in china have their fingers in this one ? 
  if ireland had n't [ banned tracking ] ( https://www.ecowatch.com/ireland-ban-fracking-2450255362.html ) , ireland might be able to supply ireland 's gas needs . 
  he faced mutiny from his ( sketchy ) crew induced by people who were arguing that if * they * were placed in charge , they 'd be more lax . 
  the people in question were concerned about treatment of themselves , not really the natives . 
  it 's not as if treatment of natives was better when he was away . 
  italy already has warm-weather friendly architecture . 
  however , it 's not the most-extreme place . 
  looking at traditional architecture in bangalore ( which is hot and humid ) on google images , it looks like they : * use very open design to maximize airflow . 
  many areas of houses are covered , but open , like verandas . 
  * use highish ceilings , or arched/peaked ceilings . 
  i assume this is to help let warm air in a room get above human height . 
  * use tile roofs ( i assume for thermal mass ) or thatch ( i assume to more-easily let hot air rise out of the house ) * have mostly light-colored exteriors . 
  i assume that this is to reflect solar energy . 
  * i see use of the `` central garden with a pool '' with the house wrapping around it in a couple examples . 
  historically popular in hot environments , since it 's like a big swamp cooler running off evaporation . 
  works best in low humidity ... italy already historically does a bunch of these . 
  italian villas were where i first saw the `` central pool '' thing . 
  could probably improve on a few of 'em , but might might need to just jump to ac for any significant improvement . 
  architecture that works well with ac sometimes is n't much like architecture that works well in hot climates without ac . 
  you want to * minimize * airflow between the inside and out . 
  the ability to limit airflow internally is a plus so that you do n't have to cool the whole house if you do n't want to do so . 
  high ceilings increase external surface , which increases heat transfer . 
  some things that have a lot of thermal mass ( like stone ) that are good for smoothing out day-night temperatures in a non-ac house do n't provide great thermal insulation , which is what you want in an air-conditioned house . 
  i 'm curious to see how architecture changes with technology and climate ... also , i wonder about basements . 
  basements in the us are very much regional . 
  i dunno if in the eu , they 're common , or if italy is a place that tends to have them . 
  i 'd expect them to tend to be cooler from cool air pooling in the basement . 
  brexit is mostly like [ rashomon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rashomon ) . 
   the film is known for a plot device that involves various characters providing subjective , alternative , self-serving and contradictory versions of the same incident . 
  the eu is set to lose a lot of its population . 
  the eu needs iirc north of a million people a year to maintain population over the next 80 years , or see relative decline . 
  that can be greatly increased fertility rates in europe , or immigration . 
  thus far , fertility rates have mostly continued to trend down . 
  further , births require a minimum of twenty years to move people into the workforce . 
  while i agree with an argument that the refugee mechanism is not the best way to obtain people , it is probably more politically salable than most other routes . 
  i do n't see it as * malicious * . 
  unpopular , yes . 
  for some countries , if they 're poor enough , it is advantageous to have workers abroad working and sending remittances back to family in the country . 
  from memory , at one point , this was about a third of eritrea 's gdp . 
  so it 'd also be useful for some countries to refuse deportation . 
  that being said , that * does * mean that you 're also no longer liable for welfare , so if you want a sort of second-class citizen that 's economically advantageous and you 're comfortable with that and any externalities that stem from it ( crime might be a risk ) , that could be a good model . 
  i think that you would be better off just creating an unskilled work visa without any path to naturalization or benefits if you want that , though . 
  sure , it will reduce use of traffickers . 
  it will also greatly increase the number of asylum seekers showing up in the eu . 
  depending upon your goals , that may or may not be a good idea , but i can guarantee that many people will be unhappy about it . 
  i think that you are trying very hard to equate the two and minimize the differences . 
  you can take a look at venezuela today and compare it to the other countries in south america , and they are n't having nearly the degree of clusterfuck venezuela is . 
  i 'm having a hard time treating chavez nearly as positively as you are . 
  venezuela was already seeing major problems under chavez . 
  before that , the nazi party wanted to dump 'em in madagascar . 
  [ quora 's take : are modern italians direct descendants of ancient romans ] ( https://www.quora.com/are-modern-italians-direct-descendants-of-ancient-romans ) summary : more or less , yes .
