  so what the government needs is a way to counter the referendum . 
  i agree with him that a remain second refrendum would do that -- maybe is the only way . 
  i 'm dubious with his claim that the general election result can be reasonably interpreted as a demand for a second referendum , but i do n't think that it 's that important . 
  if the government wants to have a second referendum , it can . 
  the bigger issue is that there has not been a big swing in favor of remain . 
  that is one thing that does need to happen for a successful remain referendum . 
  the described behavior involved embezzlement of funds , killing investigators , extortion by a national leader on threat of imprisonment , and so forth . 
  i do not know how accurate it is for russia . 
  but i am quite sure that that is not common in the eu . 
   for the first time , there is proof that it was agreements among these five automakers that ultimately ensured that emissions from diesel vehicles were not cleaned as effectively as would have been technically possible . 
  i do not agree . 
  cartels may very well be a problem , but failure of regulators to catch and enforce issues -- as happened for years in the us and would have happened for at least as long in the eu -- represent a failure of the regulatory framework . 
  mis-incentives , regulatory capture , whatever . 
  regulators should be able to regulate even a cartel or monopoly . 
   the exposure of the club of five strikes the companies at a time when they need all of their strength and financial assets for other things : the transition to electric cars and their transformation into mobility service providers . 
  it is also a time when they are being challenged by new competitors from silicon valley and china . 
  i doubt it . 
  i 'd be more worried about conventional manufacturers like toyota or ford . 
   the development experts at the german auto companies met `` regularly several times a year . '', 
  might be interesting to mandate reporting of substantial communication with competitors . 
  do n't do it and you 're already probably in the wrong . 
   common supplier use of a common supplier surprised me . 
  normally , you would expect to want a company to purchase from multiple suppliers , to limit the power if any one supplier . 
  if you 're a customer , you want one customer ( which a cartel could act as ) but i 'd expect multiple suppliers . 
   dairy farmers , wine grapes and olive production among the worst hit water rationing is bad news for farmers that use trees . 
  once your almond grove or whatever is dead , you ca n't just bring it back to productive capacity in a year . 
   and if we examine the difference carefully , what 's really striking is this : the rest of the west has values -- but america has none at all . 
  that seems pretty clearly wrong . 
  you can have * different * values , but you ca n't have * no * values , else you 'd simply be paralyzed into inaction , with no reason to do anything . 
  sounds like a good time for eu federalists , though , because they can argue to shift regulation to a central authority . 
  reciprocity is not necessarily essential for fdi . 
  lets say that a chinese investor can buy a european company , but a european investor can not buy a chinese company . 
  let me guess as to effect . 
  it 's great for chinese investors and bad for european investors . 
  european investors have to compete with more investment money . 
  it 's short-term good for shareholders in european companies . 
  drives up the value of the company . 
  not good for shareholders in chinese companies . 
  it 's good for startups in europe . 
  more money to fund startups or acquire them once they 're grown . 
  not good for startups in china . 
  it 's good for workers in europe , as companies can sell more shares to get funds to expand ; more labor demand drives up wages . 
  bad for chinese labor . 
  it 's good for european government revenues , since economic activity driven by funds can be taxed . 
  bad for chinese government revenues . 
  so , is a lack of reciprocity so bad ? 
   millions for defense , but not one cent for tribute . 
  -- [ robert goodloe harper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_goodloe_harper ), 
   single market does n't yet allow free movement of services its still a work in progress . 
  so currently it 's only 3 pillars . 
  how so ? 
   the eu said time and time again before the vote that the requirements for free trade was free movement of people . 
  no , the eu said that this was a requirement for single market membership . 
  `` free trade '' would refer to a free trade agreement , and the eu has or is working on many of these [ with countries that do not have free movement of people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) with the eu . 
  trump will have limited personal involvement , same as may , in any fta . 
  sure , they can oppose it , but it will be the bureaucracies that do the work . 
  same thing with canada , same thing with the eu . 
   the uk 's economy is too dominated by services , and those are the industries that countries like china and india want to safeguard . 
  hmm . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  i still think that it would make vastly more sense to auction eu refugee slots to members . 
  much less politically-divisive . 
  because drunks in public can be annoying and it gives the police a legal basis to haul them downtown if they 're making a nuisance of themselves , and someone carrying weaponry is n't annoying ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politico_europe  politico europe is a brussels-based european affairs weekly newspaper . 
  it is the successor of european voice , which changed in april 2015 after being acquired in december 2014 by a joint venture between united states-based political publisher politico and berlin-based axel springer ag . 
  axel springer is german . 
  politico 's american , though it 's a private company , not state funded . 
  also , i think that psudoanymity is a useful tool for encouraging honest discussion . 
  a short reputation sucks , though . 
  also , there are services that log and provide undeletion functionality . 
  new accounts . 
  i think that raising the point about the source is valid discussion . 
  when we send our people , we do n't send our best !, 
  nah , because his statement would not have less weight if cyprus were more egregious than the west bank . 
   `` in short , any vote on article 7 would underscore the divisions and the lack of unity in the european union precisely at this point in time , where brussels is trying to make an impression of a unified community . '', 
  selecting this path would be insane , and poland is aware of it , leading to resistance - parties of the law and justice '' - underlined . 
  on the other hand , at what point is brussels going to say `` nah , unity does n't matter !, 
  i disagree . 
  it 's clearly pro-conservative , just as the guardian is pro-labour , but it has worthwhile content . 
  the dm is * awful * . 
  note that this is a very different system than in the us , which makes it very interesting to me . 
  * in the us , it is essentially impossible to strip federal representation via federal action . 
  states would have to amend the constitution to even grant that power . 
  you ca n't constitutionally strip citizenship to decrease numbers , ca n't unilaterally partition or join states , etc. 
  the ice would be highly objectionable . 
  * in the us , the federal government has not applies political pressure to state governments in any case that i can recall outside of federal authority . 
  the eu both has top-down political pressure being afaict common , and has a guaranteed mechanism for stripping a state 's political power . 
  some of that is presumably because states in the eu uses a veto-based system , and so a single recalcitrant state has a lot more effect . 
  in the us , the smallest group of states that can swing anything is a quarter of the total being able to block a constitutional amendment . 
  i do think that it is a dangerous power to have , but without seeing a history of its use , no way to be sure what the political effects will be ( e.g. 
  i suspect that it will make people in a state more euroskeptic ) . 
  t_d and / r/politics are political advocates being hysterical . 
  political advocacy forums are invariably like this . 
  i remember , decades back , when the usenet political advocacy newsgroups were about on par . 
   i would like to point out that usa has armed militias that talk about violently overthrowing the government and i seem to recall a few incidents where random militias got together and had a mexican stand off with agents of law . 
  yeah , but they 're also dwarfed by the rest of the armed people who do n't care as long as the first group is just talking but would n't care for someone taking over their government . 
  only really had two really potentially-successful uprisings : the american revolution and the american civil war . 
  [ prevailing winds are east-to-west there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prevailing_winds ) . 
  i think that you 'd slurp up australia 's rainfall . 
   the us is a crazed empire that wants russia 's collapse and destruction .
