  militarily , i agree that there 's a pretty big difference . 
  i agree -- that is , some of this is going to be people using public opinion to promote integration -- but i also think that it 's probably advantageous to have an eu-wide coast guard . 
  the comment you responded to was deleted , so i ca n't tell whether it 's relevant , but annexation is * forcible * taking of land . 
  because of the ukraine situation , a lot of people have been using the term in some kinda dubious places . 
  < checks flair  if you have n't tried bon chon 's ( korean fried chicken ) , give it a go !, 
  if it has an ld50 that 's greater than that of table salt , i 'm not sure how upset one can get about it . 
  saying `` old houses still exist with lead paint in them '' : * is not comparable in scale to flint : i think that it 's pretty clear that the point was n't simply that it involved lead . 
  * existing lead paint still exists in both the us and eu . 
  [ the eu directive banning new use of lead paint was issued in 1989 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:31989l0677:en:html ) . 
  the us [ regulation was issued in 1978 ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/16/part-1303 ) . 
  dude , a substantial portion of eu members have `` released a migrant flood '' to avoid themselves being stuck with the issue . 
  turkey 's incentives and ratonale is pretty similar . 
  if you are n't gon na beat up on a ton of other eu members for it , hard to beat up on turkey . 
  heck , i do n't think that the turkish government 's ever actively used trains and other public transport to move people to the easiest point to move into another country from , and some eu members were doing that . 
  i get it : erdogan 's being rude , and turkey 's not in the club . 
  but that 'd be a hell of a double standard . 
  exciting word , and you can replace any criticism or negative statement with it . 
  sounds more-extreme and hard to explicitly say that it 's * wrong * . 
  also see `` slammed '' and `` condemned '' . 
  40 years from now there is gon na be a great collection of video games and movies on the matter ? 
   the fusion reactor has successfully produced high-quality magnetic fields `` quality '' is a word with emotional load and darn little meaning . 
  it 's like `` fascist '' , but positive . 
  * food has a `` sterile '' point and a `` nonsterile '' point in the chain . 
  butchering , wash , and cooking are all part of rendering a chicken safe to eat . 
  in india , milk is n't normally sterile when distributed and you need to cook it before use . 
  the us and many other countries use pasteurization to sterilize microorganisms not in endospore form , so you keep it chilled and need to use it before it sees too much growth . 
  some countries ( finland , iirc ) use super-pasteurized milk that also kills the endospores and can last at room temperature for ages , but which change the properties of the milk noticeably . 
  none of these forms are intrinsically * bad * : they all render the food safe before being consumed . 
  us egg processing also differs from that in the eu ( the us mandates an acid bath to remove a protective coating that might harbour bacteria , the eu mandates no bath so that microorganisms ca n't get in and eggs do n't spoil ) . 
  neither of these are unsafe : they simply differ . 
  * another common route for salmonella to spread is from fresh vegetables eaten raw without being cooked , without a sterilization stage . 
  i mean , they 're grown in what may have been manure at some point , and while iirc there 's a mandatory aging process to let bacteria die off , there have been cases where contaminated un-aged manure has contaminated irrigation water that 's run off a farm . 
  i 'd be more worried about eating a raw vegetable from a farmer 's market that has n't seen any form of process than a chicken that 's been cleanly butchered , gone through a chemical wash , been irradiated , and finally been cooked -- that 's about as sanitary as you can get something . 
  * no animal is prevented from coming in contact with their shit : heck , the shit starts out in the animal . 
  whether it 's a small farm or a huge factory farm , if your bar is that for safety , the animal can not have contacted droppings , you 're not going to have any meat options . 
  thy are n't draining it , but lowering the level . 
  `` we 'll create a nice place , very nice place for all you prawns . '', 
  russian natural gas is an option . 
  just not bypassing poland and ukraine . 
  the dutch even [ created reservations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ijsselmeer ) for the former inhabitants . 
  yeah ... sounds like [ there 's already competition for nile water ] ( https://e360.yale.edu/features/vanishing-nile-a-great-river-faces-a-multitude-of-threats-egypt-dam ) , though :  the dam will create a reservoir more than twice the size of the hoover dam 's lake mead , the largest reservoir in the united states . 
  it will ultimately store 74 billion cubic meters of blue nile water . 
  ( that 's about 64 million acre feet , or the amount of water need to cover 100,000 square miles of land one foot deep . ), 
  filling it could take anywhere from five to 15 years . 
    `` during this period of fill , '' a new study in the geological society of america 's journal gsa today reports , `` the nile 's fresh water flow to egypt may be cut by 25 percent , with a loss of a third of the electricity generated by the aswan high dam . '' that is of course egypt 's own massive dam on the nile , completed in 1965 , roughly 1,500 miles downstream . 
  the gsa study , led by smithsonian institution geologist jean-daniel stanley , says egypt faces `` serious country-wide freshwater and energy shortage by 2025 . '' agriculture in the delta , which produces up to 60 percent of egypt 's food , could also suffer from shortages of irrigation water . 
  lots of people , finite amount of fresh water for their uses . 
  as proposed , the project is ultimately not sustainable , because it will eventually fill the qattara depression with salt flats . 
  it seems to me that a slightly more ambitious project would avoid that problem . 
  construct a levee the length of the qattara depression . 
  let water flow through a hydroelectric power system from the mediterranean on one side . 
  on the other side , pump the highly saline water -- which has undergone evaporation the entire length of the depression in both directions -- out . 
  it looks like seawater is ~ 3.5 % salt by mass and saltwater can be up to about one-third salt , so you can dispose of maybe 90 % of the mass , and just pump remaining hypersaline water back into the mediterranean . 
  you still get 90 % of the energy , and you can keep it running as long as you want . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qattara_depression_project  several proposed lake levels are -70 , -60 , -50 and -20 m. flooding the depression to -20 m would lower the height of the world ocean by 2.16 millimeters . 
   [ buy land . 
  they ai n't making any more of the stuff . 
  ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/will_rogers ) -- will rogers  eh heh heh heh . 
  -- the dutch, 
  http://inotternews.com/?p=3470  the beaver population in the netherlands ' is thriving , but a little too well , as the beaver population is expected to grow from 700 to 7,000 by 2032 . 
  getting people not to trust their own country 's media is a major step towards trying to displace them as a source of information . 
  it 's why rt is always on about how people should distrust their `` mainstream media '' over here . 
  i am hesitant about the prospect of sending arms to ukraine . 
  not because it 's going to annoy russia , but because the primary goal should be to have ukraine economically-functioning , and having more fighting going back-and-forth in ukraine is counterproductive to that . 
  it might be helpful if russia was cutting deeper into ukraine , had a chance of knocking ukraine out , and dumping weapons in were the best chance of increasing the cost of further operations to enough of a degree to stabilize the front . 
  however , that 's not happened . 
  ukraine alone can not knock russia out of the fight : ukraine is n't going to moscow and probably will not want to cross into russia . 
  russia is n't respecting the ukrainian-russian border and is happy to occupy part of ukraine , so driving the opposing force back to the ukrainian-russian border means that it can be re-entered at a future point in time , as long as russia is willing to invade again . 
  you can support guerrilla warfare : that 's predicated on the idea that locals are willing to fight behind enemy lines to make the cost of an occupation unacceptable to an occupier . 
  that can be successful , given enough support from a public , but it 's typically pretty awful for the people conducting it , and you need strong public support for such a thing . 
  it seems to me that it is more important to stabilize a front , which has been done , and start economic improvement . 
  western ukraine looks pretty good , and people in eastern ukraine think `` wow , this is bullshit ... western ukraine clearly has things working out for them better '' . 
  this was done with east germany/west germany or north korea/south korea . 
  if quality-of-life is a lot better on the other side of the border , that 's a pretty compelling situation for people on the other side of the border to say `` this is bullshit '' . 
  keep the non-recognition in place , and the other side is forced to deal with an unstable situation , since it 's viable and increasingly appealing , whenever the moment is right , to link up with the rest of ukraine . 
  sure , russia can dump tons of occupation troops in place to block that , but that 's hardly compatible with their self-determination line . 
  economic pressure contingent upon leaving the territory also makes doing so a more-appealing option . 
  only if russia is going to prevent one of the prior two things from being done ( i.e. 
  will cut into ukraine further or intends to interfere with ukrainian economic development ) does it really undermine this position . 
  taking actions which kick up warfare seem counterproductive to this . 
  the other options that seem to me to be available involve major commitments . 
  the first is direct foreign involvement , have nato or the us attack russian and separatist forces , occupy crimea and donbas . 
  you kill a bunch of ukrainians , occupy a population that is at best unenthusiastic about kyiv , much less us soldiers running around , and turn the ukrainian-russian border into something like north korea-south korea border to avoid a re-invasion . 
  that 's a long-term commitment , and some not-insignificant chunk of the population is going to be unhappy , plus falling bombs rarely win friends . 
  you get a hotter global conflict with russia . 
  ukraine 's not a nato member , so this devalues the point of a country being in nato and thus damages its integrity : if countries can rely on military involvement without being in nato , why not quit to avoid having to defend others and let someone else bail you out if you get into trouble ? 
  it does have the major benefit of giving ukraine back prompt control of her territory . 
  in just about the [ only significant wars that the us has engaged in that could be considered real losses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_the_united_states ) , the war of 1812 and the vietnam war , the population living on the land in question did not support us involvement . 
  i am hesitant of a repeat . 
  obviously , russia intends to do everything possible to * keep * things that way from a propaganda standpoint , but that does n't change the facts of the matter . 
  you have the potential , if unlikely , for nuclear escalation : this would involve occupying something that russia at least * claims * as part of russia . 
  then there 's the option of preemptive nuclear war , which does n't really seem like it 's likely to make just about anyone better-off . 
  even the `` good case '' there is that russia winds up a smoldering wasteland and there 's a humanitarian disaster beyond any in human history . 
  that 's pretty lousy too . 
   the study said that the uncritical coverage contributed to deepening distrust of the so-called `` mainstream media '' not this shit in germany too . 
   you do n't get a cushy job there if you rock the boat , because especially larger stations want to maintain a steady flow of campaign advertising money as well as access to politicians for interviews , and that 's in addition to political and ideological agendas that some channels might also have . 
  source ? 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_independent ) , it 's heavily read by liberal democrat voters . 
  i would expect that its readership is probably pretty unhappy about brexit . 
  dutch : `` i see that there is now more ocean to polder .
