  that is , if you can get someone to vote for a party for * any reason at all * , you can then slowly convince them that they did so for reason x , y , or z and they will ultimately tend to believe it . 
  it was described as being a potent way to shift political positions . 
  so , for example , if you can get someone to vote conservative this election because corbyn is an idiot , you can then repeatedly say after-the-fact that voters `` cared a lot about economic stability '' or `` valued free trade '' or whatever , and people will tend to shift towards that position , because they 're already mentally `` in the group '' . 
   are they trying to compete with the americans about playing with words and renaming things and removing flags and portrait ? 
  man , i just responded to some irish dude who was saying that if europeans wanted to be racist , maybe they should go to america , and now we 've got the americans are excessively-politically-correct take . 
  i did n't think that she personally bore much responsibility for the failed assassination thing . 
  i mean , come on , you walk in to run some new department of many , many people , you do n't immediately redesign everything . 
  what 's the point of scapegoating her for that ? 
  on the other hand , if she was the source of the `` rename the barracks to solve the issue '' suggestion , * that * does seem to be a pretty mediocre example of leadership , and that * is * something that she 's driving . 
  rommel was a pretty notable soldier , and i personally suspect that naming a barracks after rommel has pretty much no impact on anti-immigrant violence in the military , but whatever works for you . 
  * * is * european culture being negated ? 
  i mean , i think that any outside influence * affects * it , as well as change over time happening -- today-in-czechia differs from 50-years-ago-in-czechia . 
  but i do n't think that `` no change '' is a practical goal , and if that 's your goal , i ca n't see any way that it 'd be reasonably-reached . 
  maybe a slower rate * could * be achieved . 
  * if we 're only talking about change , sure , i think that cultural change can be a plus . 
  not * always * , but outside of novelty value ... honestly , i think that people tend to pick-and-choose the best bits from culture . 
  sixty years ago , people in the us would n't have had sushi or curry . 
  in adopting it , they gave up or reduced what they ate of older foods that * had * been part of culture ( i dunno , gelatin-set desserts ? ), 
  i do n't think that sealing the us off to that would have been advantageous . 
  also , i just have n't seen a lot of really clear negatives described on here from cultural change , be it negative or not . 
  like ... let me put it this way . 
  i think that the burkini , which i guess is pretty controversial , is kinda stupid . 
  but at the end of the day , there 's no law in place over a burkini . 
  you wear it if you want . 
  not that long ago in the us , social norms mandated even-more-conservative swimwear . 
  i also think that all kinds of * other * outfits are also kinda dumb . 
  i 'm not a fan of the jewish prayer cap , which i think looks kinda silly . 
  i think that the hawaiian muumuu is kinda lame . 
  a lot of older women 's hairdos ( pre-1970s ) , which were often pretty elaborate , seem to me to be over-the-top . 
  but ... honestly , at the end of the day , nobody 's making me partake . 
  i think that cultural change in general is often the source of upset , including when the source of change is internal . 
  plenty of transitions in music , changes over how marriage is structured , elimination of racial segregation , changes in how someone propertly courts someone else , conventions for letter-writing and other long-range communication , what outfits are appropriate when ( wearing a t-shirt would , seventy years ago , have been seen like walking around in underwear today ) . 
  but honestly , i ca n't say that i 've noticed some general decline . 
  some changes produce problems that need to be addressed , sure . 
  but i think that people have a pretty strong tendency to over-weight the negative side of any cultural change , and under-weight the positives . 
  not good . 
  there are policies that would block immigration , but this is funding and more-firmly-establishing organized crime in europe . 
  even if you do n't care at all what happens to illegal immigrants , who do you think kidnapping groups are gon na kidnap if they ca n't get illegal migrants and they 've got a reliance on established cash flow from kidnapping ? 
   considering that the whole iraq shitfest started with america and that retarded idea about revenge for 9/11 . 
  that was not why the idea was promoted . 
  the view was that iraq legitimately was trying to acquire wmds . 
  the evidence was overstated in sellinng the conflict , but that was the assessment of the intelligence agencies involved . 
  the join-or-not thing not having a referendum ... okay , fine . 
  i 'm personally biting my lip and thinking that it 'd look like the brexit vote , and not in greek interests , but at least i can understand where a greek guy is coming from . 
  i do not agree on the `` decisions without greek input '' issue , though . 
  in this case , it 's creditors choosing to forgive or not forgive debt . 
  true , creditors happen to be within the eu , but it is not relying upon eu authority to do this . 
  anyone who wanted to buy debt and conditionally forgive it could have done that ( and the position that other countries around the world took was `` yeah , i 'm not eating greek losses , thanks '' ) . 
  i 'd add that whether-or-not the present reforms are optimal , some large reduction in spending * must * happen and would also have happened if greece had crashed out of the euro , simply by virtue of nobody being willing to lend money . 
  that would never have been popular , no matter what . 
  i 've also heard a number of people from other countries encouraging states that own greek debt to forgive more of it unconditionally . 
  there is nothing special about germany or france or finland -- forgiving debt is simply taking the loss . 
  it does n't need to be germany or france or finland eating the loss -- any country could pay down losses tomorrow , and i guarantee that there would be no objection from any other party . 
  but they are n't doing so , because while encouraging someone else to eat a loss is not painful , doing so yourself is . 
  greece is taking the terms it has because nobody else is currently extending more-favorable terms . 
  i can understand greeks not * liking * the situation . 
  but as i understand things it 's doubtful that there is any compelling other option available for greece . 
  and the policies put in place are , i expect , done so with an eye to ultimately resolving the situation . 
   and actually start investing in jobs and people instead of just throwing free money at bankers and investors . 
  they 're rich enough already . 
  if i may be blunt , that 's kinda hand-wavey . 
  heck , `` invest in jobs and people '' sounds kinda like a political slogan . 
  i 'm not talking about providing a mechanism , but what 's the * goal * that you want ? 
  like , saying `` an increase of 10 % of the lowest-income 10 % of the population '' would be a goal . 
  `` a 30 % reduction in unemployment in the eu '' would be a goal . 
  `` invest in people and jobs '' is too vague to even talk about whether-or-not it makes sense . 
   with regards to refugees , we need to demand those that enter to integrate properly into our societies if we let them in in quantitative terms , what is the change you want to see ? 
  `` properly '' can hide pretty much any requirement . 
   we need the us on board for that to break off arms deals ? 
  from the us standpoint , it 's iran that 's a pain in the neck and has been supporting the uprising in yemen , and if saudi arabia wants to whack that , great . 
  how is it in either us or eu interests for iranian interests in yemen to dominate ? 
  you know how trump has been flailing around without accomplishing anything along the lines of the impression he gave during the campaign , so that he could impress his supporters without having to actually deviate from the bog-standard republican line ? 
  and how that looks kinda silly from the outside ? 
  this looks to me like an even-sillier attempt to be highly-visibly-yet-intentionally-ineffectively `` fighting for change '' . 
  well , currently ( and i 'm not sure that this is advisable , but that 's the nature of the eu being loosely-knit ) every eu member can set their own standards for citizenship , and citizenship in any eu member gives what the eu considers `` eu citizenship '' . 
  the eu can not block a member from extending citizenship , nor can it selectively-grant `` eu citizenship '' to * some * citizens of a member state . 
  i * strongly * suspect that all member states already disallow citizenship for someone who commits a crime ( certainly a serious crime ) during their residency ; i believe that this is normal . 
  the us does this too . 
  i am not sure whether-or-not naturalization requires showing self-sufficiency -- have to check by member . 
  normally , i think that getting permanent residency in most places requires showing that ( that is , normally countries do n't even want to admit , much less grant citizenship to , people who can not support themselves ) , but asylum status * might * bypass that . 
  i also suspect that every member requires some length of established residency to establish citizenship via legal residency -- certainly in all countries that i 've looked at , this is the case . 
  there * are * other routes , though , like wooing and marrying a citizen during this period . 
  nah , this is germany !, 
  they use the [ paternoster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paternoster ) !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak  during the crisis , at the night of 28 january , greek special forces landed secretly on the east islet undetected . 
  on 31 january at 1:40 am turkish special forces sat commandos also landed undetected on the west islet and once again changed the flag escalating the tensions . 
  it was not until 4 hours later when the greeks noticed this when a greek helicopter took off at 5:30 am from the greek frigate navarino for reconnaissance . 
  during the mission it crashed over the islets ( some speculating due to turkish fire ) , but this was concealed by both states [ 11 ] to prevent further escalation . 
  three greek officers on the helicopter died ( christodoulos karathanasis , panagiotis vlahakos , and ektoras gialopsos ) . 
    the immediate military threat was defused primarily by american officials -- in particular , us envoy richard holbrooke , working by telephone with officials of both sides during the final hours of the crisis . 
  the greeks and turks did not speak directly to one another , but were responsive to washington 's assistance as an informal intermediary . 
  agreement was given by both sides to the united states to return to the `` status quo ante '' -- i.e. , differing views on sovereignty and no military forces on the islets . 
  greek and turkish officials provided assurances to the united states that their military forces on and arrayed around the islets would be removed , with the u.s. agreeing to monitor the withdrawal . 
  [ 12 ] while us engagement was instrumental in defusing the crisis , the fundamental territorial issue has remained unresolved since that time . 
  it 'd be a clusterfuck for nato if both refused and invoked article 5 against the other as attacking their territory , though . 
  * there 's no mechanism to throw members out of nato . 
  * erdogan 's being a prick over this ( though germany 's also picking a fight over it , so ... ) . 
  but nato members are n't * required * to provide basing access to each other . 
  france asked the us to leave france shortly after world war ii , for example . 
  and turkey similarly [ voted to disallow us overflights of turkish airspace against iraq ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2003/mar/12/world/fg-mili12 ) for a while , though iirc some foreign aid and negotiation got it through later .
