  you may have to take out loans -- which i do n't object to , as the person receiving the education is the primary person benefiting from that education , and to have others predominantly bearing the cost creates an externality -- but i do n't think that anyone is in a position where they really can not get access to higher education if they want it . 
  the us has a higher [ un education index ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/education-index ) rating than any country in europe other than norway and the netherlands -- i do n't see access to higher education as being a major limiting factor in the us relative to europe . 
   the luddites also feared more efficient production methods , but all that happened was that people were forced to re-tool . 
  yes . 
  that being said , i do think that one day , we * will * reach a point where computers simply top humanity across the board . 
  but i could also easily see that day not happening in my lifetime -- people have greatly overestimated ai advancement in the past . 
  turing predicted human-level capability by 2000 , and while he was correct about advances in hardware , our ability to produce an intelligent computer has not kept up . 
  and when it does happen , simply talking about ubi will be , i think , low on our list of concerns . 
  [ friendly ai ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friendly_artificial_intelligence ) is not a solved problem , and there are tons of issues to deal with . 
  humans have always been a [ social animal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_animal ) -- they gain from working * with * each other . 
  if it ever reached the point where they did not , where they were primarily competitors for resources with each other , i think that society as we know it would very likely rapidly break down into something new . 
  ai could produce huge swings in military power , completely shifting the world balance of power . 
  we might have tremendous difficulty in avoiding out-of-control ai processes being catastrophic in the real world -- my own pet theory is that development of ai being so disruptive and as a fanastically-powerful tool , so-capable of spreading via information channels might just let it be the answer to the [ fermi paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fermi_paradox ) ; ai-driven collapses might be overwhelmingly likely to bring down intelligent civilizations . 
   the self driving cars are already cruising around here in the netherlands , and in michigan as well , we 're on the frontier of massive changes in the labor market . 
  yes . 
  but that does not indicate structural unemployment -- it just indicates that needs are shifting , and that 's nothing new . 
  just as needs shifted away from , say , care of horses in the first half of the 20th century , so too is this a new shift . 
  the assertion required for something like ubi is that people will not be able to find new labor , not that they will lose their jobs in a particular field . 
  here are some examples of previous fields that we 've eliminated : * mechanization of agriculture was a much larger change , and caused most people to be unemployed in the countryside where they lived -- they moved to cities and into manufacturing and the like . 
  * [ containerization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/containerization ) resulted in the elimination of many jobs associated with shipping -- at one point , many , many people were involved with simply moving goods from one form of transport to another . 
  * introduction of robotics to factory production eliminated many assembly-line workers , especially in high-wage countries . 
  * the widespread introduction of computers eliminated most clerking positions -- there used to be gobs of people that used to just deal with filing and retrieving information . 
  * many vendors went away , replaced by automated vending machines . 
  * many receptionists or branch offices were replaced by websites . 
  unemployment as an industry winds up using much less labor is n't new , nor undesirable . 
  the question is whether people will be unable to provide useful work this time . 
  yeah , road transport will be a big hit . 
  but remember than the transport industry today is much-less labor-intensive than when it was wagons or even canal barges . 
  we 've already eliminated many positions and found more-efficient systems ... and that did n't result in there simply being no use for labor . 
   what is your solution to suddenly losing about 5 million jobs in the us basically overnight ? 
  first , it wo n't happen overnight -- you 'll start with the easiest ones , like `` run a truck up and down the same route '' . 
  second , i 'll watch and see what industry does . 
  if it turns out that , yes , people are n't being sucked back in from an industry that 's going away , that they can literally provide nothing of value to society at a viable rate -- something that i find very unlikely -- then i 'd be interested in looking into more-drastic measures . 
  but at the moment , that has n't happened . 
  my guess is that it wo n't happen this time around , either . 
  you still did not answer my question . 
  if you have a ranking system , it must take into account various criteria . 
  if it is incorrect in some way , then that ranking system is over - or under-weighting some characteristics of the thing . 
  if you are in a position to have made a well-founded assertion about the ranking system being flawed , you should be able to answer the question -- you must have in mind some form of better idealized ranking system and be able to tell me how your desired system differs from what is in use . 
  i 've done precisely that on here with multiple indices before , like the pfi . 
  i ask again , what are the properties that you feel are incorrectly-weighted , and how ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  you said that you feel that rating systems are flawed . 
  specifically how ? 
  what are they over - or under-weighting ? 
  can you be more-specific in what it is that you object to ? 
  google did n't . 
  amazon did n't . 
  why would n't you combine the graphs ? 
  well , i think that one day we will reach human-level ai . 
  that being said , that will so radically reshape society that i doubt that basic income will even be near the top of the list of concerns . 
  we 've also mispredicted structural-unemployment-due-to-technological-advance for centuries now . 
  i think that it 'll happen one day , but i 'm doubtfully that it will be nearly as soon as some advocates of ubi seem to think . 
  and yet , mutually waving dicks at each other seems like it would be so cathartic . 
  a difficult call to make , to be sure . 
   every country in the world has the same idea about themselves being plucky and willing to pull together and all that shit . 
  yeah , but the publics of countries also actually do this . 
  [ wikipedia : rally ` round the flag effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rally_%27round_the_flag_effect )  the rally ` round the flag effect ( or syndrome ) is a concept used in political science and international relations to explain increased short-run popular support of the president of the united states during periods of international crisis or war . 
  [ 1 ] because rally ` round the flag syndrome reduces criticism of governmental policies , it is seen as a factor of diversionary foreign policy . 
  i do n't think that there 's any formal negotiation over wto schedules . 
  after all , countries are free to act unilaterally . 
   even exporting them to countries with lesser emissions standards is forbidden . 
  weird . 
  why did vw sign on for that restriction ? 
  gotcha , thanks -- just knew about the us , not the uk . 
   meanwhile america is officially more `` secular '' but religion is much more pervasive . 
  you put the government in charge of religion , and naturally it screwed it all up . 
  nothing like a free market to encourage competitive players . 
  i dunno about ww ii comparisons there . 
  meaningless statement , though . 
  anyone doing so would argue that a procedure is not medically-necessary . 
  it 's more-likely . 
  average deficit when any one party controls congress and the white house is higher than when it 's gridlocked . 
  judaism and christianity both kicked off in the levant . 
  i mean , unless you 're advocating for bringing back the norse gods or something , not sure how interesting of an argument that is . 
   torture some doctors use a local anesthetic . 
   in this , it differs from the fed and the boe , who have the additional goal of economic growth , and had their qe programs for that reason . 
  i 'm not sure that controlling unemployment can really be properly reduced to `` economic growth '' . 
  tsipras is greece 's prime minister , not president . 
  greece 's president would n't be all that important to this . 
   republicans here say the same thing about democrats . . yet the only time the us has ever had a surplus in it 's entire history was under a democratic presidency . 
  it 's congress that controls the budget . 
  the situation happened with a democrat in the white house and a republican congress who , as i understand it , could n't agree on how to spend it . 
  note that declines in rent are not the same thing as declines in house prices ( and can be at odds , in fact ) . 
  for example , if buy-to-let landlords had unrealistically-high expectations on appreciation , competition would force them to charge lower rent and let appreciation take care of some of their returns . 
  they 'd be paying some of the cost for renters . 
  i expect that an assessment that property wo n't see high appreciation could drive up rent by eliminating that factor . 
  well , neither side is * supposed * to subsidize at all ... 
  come on , dude . 
  you 're less than a decade past having it on the books yourself in england and wales : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law_in_the_united_kingdom  the common law offences of blasphemy and blasphemous libel were abolished by the criminal justice and immigration act 2008 . 
  ... and still have it on the books in northern ireland :  blasphemy and blasphemous libel continue to be offences under the common law of northern ireland . 
  huh . 
  for someone who has n't tried learning them , could you explain why english is significantly easier for a romanian to learn than german or dutch ? 
  i mean , i get the `` there 's a lot of content in english '' argument , but in terms of the language itself ? 
  [ yup . 
  long tradition . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada%e2%80%93united_states_softwood_lumber_dispute ) :  the canada -- u.s. 
  softwood lumber dispute is one of the largest and most enduring trade disputes between both nations . 
  [ 1 ] kinda like , i dunno , the us , eu , and the boeing/airbus thing . 
  never-ending legal and political spatting .
