  it 's not a smoking gun for iranian involvement ( or , for that matter , evidence for sa non-involvement ) . 
  well , for some people it 's a background task , something you do while you 're doing something else . 
  phones do n't work so well for that -- you need to be looking at them to see what 's going on . 
   they did n't sue a person , they sue a country . 
  well , i should probably have said `` entities '' rather than `` people '' -- i was n't intending to draw a distinction between how people and countries are treated in court , but rather to point out that all this finding meant was `` someone claimed something about iran and iran entirely ignored them '' . 
  there wo n't have been any legal argument , nor will the judge have assessed whether the claims are correct . 
  all he ruled was `` iran did n't show up , so they automatically lose the case by default '' . 
  hmm . 
  that 's merely a default judgement , though . 
  it just means that iran entirely ignored the lawsuit , so iran is automatically ruled to lose . 
  i mean , you can sue people for damn near anything . 
  if they ignore a court case , no matter how fantastic the claims are , they get a default judgement against them . 
  it 's not a judicial endorsement of iran actually being at fault other than in a legal technicality sense . 
  well , the missing country-of-origin issue is legit . 
   rubiks cubes can break apart and the little bits can choke small children given the prevalence of things like small rocks in our historic environment , it 's amazing that we 've survived this long . 
  plastic friendship bracelets ? 
  man , kids at my school always used embroidery floss . 
  permits for a lot more detail ... 
  well , marbles have been around since the 1800s . 
  sports trading cards have been around for a couple of generations , too . 
  pogs ... i recall advertisements on tv . 
  i guess that seeds it , and then once they 're out there , it spreads via word of mouth from kids seeing 'em at recess and wanting to play . 
   what i just ca n't fathom is how fidget spinners got popular * anywhere * . 
  who made the first one and was impressed with the fact that a bearing can turn ? 
  it 's what they 're made for ffs . 
  fidget toys are n't intended to be novel or complicated -- the opposite , in fact . 
  they 're intended to provide a background , repetitive task that you can perform to help alleviate boredom . 
  i mean , you can fidget with a pencil or a coin too . 
   i knew who did it but could n't prove it . 
  and they were banned at the time so i could n't even tell a teacher . .   if i ever see you again oscar taylor i 'm going to put you in a full thai clinch and knee you into the shadow realm you fuck . . 
  these three sentences nicely sum up why drug dealing is so associated with violence : it 's not possible to involve the law with disputes , so the only option is to take the law into your own hands . 
  heh , that 's true . 
  still , if you think of things like * the sims * as an outgrowth of tamagotchi , perhaps it 's more a new niche than a fad . 
   therefore , the uk gave its word and a legal guarantee that it would fund these projects ; i disagree . 
  it is legally-undefined what the uk 's responsibilities are in the event of brexit ( which ia why we 're having this whole negotiation even existing in the first place ) . 
  you could look at past separations for some idea of legal precedent , but the eu never made `` pay if you leave '' a formal requirement . 
  afaik , us territories that have gone independent have not had to pay any sort of `` bill '' -- but , then , they 're also normally pretty poor , and not really in a position to do so anyway . 
  in practice , if i were the uk , i 'd want to tie trade and bill discussions , because the thing that the uk gets from paying out is goodwill , and the main thing that the uk would hope to get from that goodwill in the short term is a trade deal on reasonable terms . 
  `` throw him in the crusher as well ! '', 
  okay , now i have a great response for when germany gives the us shit over our over-protective kinder egg ban . 
  do you have a non-globalresearch source ? 
  that thing is [ fairly batshit insane ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/globalresearch ) . 
  no dispute that hillary was n't a great candidate , but does n't seem relevant to whether or not we should accept russian poking at our electiins like that . 
  saying `` fuck over eastern europe '' is a step too far , i think . 
  it would give germany the * ability * to fuck over eastern europe . 
  it 's possible that even if the goal is simply to obtain political influence over eastern europe , that the aims are entirely benevolent . 
  for example , what if the aim is in obtaining leverage to use against , say , corruption ? 
  i mean , nord stream 2 does n't seem like a good idea to me , but neither is it reasonable to assume the worst-possible interpretation . 
  put the us in germany 's shoes : the us has nuclear warheads on ballistic missiles . 
  they could kill many people around the world if the us decided to just suddenly attack random large cities . 
  is having the * ability * to do that equivalent to actually doing so ? 
  no , even if it 's one possible concern that needs to be taken into account . 
  let me give a `` benevolent nord stream 2 '' interpretation : germany knows that her gas supply is extremely vulnerable to terrorism , and this is flagged as a top priority for german state security to address . 
  putting redundant , undersea lines in place would do a lot to address that . 
  russia is willing to have such a thing constructed on favorable-to-the-eu grounds because she believes that it will tend to split ukraine away from the eu . 
  germany believes that the political cost is acceptable , has no intention of abusing it , but wants russia to cover half the cost of securing european energy supply against terrorism , and has privately provided guarantees to other eu member heads and to ukraine that germany will not abuse it that they find credible . 
  in that case , nord stream 2 would be advantageous to the eu , and germany would be unable to publicly release her guarantees without causing russia to pull out of the deal . 
  we ca n't know that this is not the thinking in the minds of germany 's leadership . 
  she made some arguably-unwise ambiguous statements . 
  if she had wanted to open germany to unlimited migrants , she could simply have said so ( `` we will grant citizenship to the first ten million to show up '' , or something like that ) , and she did n't . 
   cia conspiracy the guy you 're talking to is a mod on / r/conspiracy , home of alex jones bullshit . 
  note that the show is a comedy . 
  that is not the assessment of us intelligence . 
  us intelligence explicitly tags the russian state as responsible . 
  i would imagine that dugin did get that material from somewhere , not fabricate it himself , though . 
  i do n't think that it 's reasonable to dismiss breaking into a political party 's computer systems to swing elections . 
  that is independent of party . 
  saudi arabia 's government * was n't * responsible for 9/11 . 
  `` reddit user slams journalism policy ! '', 
  yes , i agree . 
   it is just not right that you are a moderator considering the narrative you constantly push here . 
  has he used his moderation powers for political advocacy ? 
   i understand that this is just a proposed bill until signed by the president it 's got bipartisan support . 
  he can veto it -- he has no reason to want to limit his own power -- but the legislature has the support to override him . 
  the germans did not intentionally invite in refugees . 
   and does she have any idea how much inward investment and grants wales received from the eu ? 
  this argument has come up here a lot , and i feel that it 's a very weak one . 
  if you have different spending priorities than that of your country , joining a larger union to force priorities a different direction than your country would have taken : * this seems like a very blunt tool to modify spending policy . 
  i mean , to the point of silliness . 
  sure , on decision x , maybe other eu members are closer to your views than the majority of people in your country . 
  but what about when that 's not the case , when the opposite is true ? 
  * if there were majority support for a policy in your country , it would have happened . 
  which means that you 're appealing to people who hold a minority position that they could n't have go through without eu requirements . 
  and thus , you are gon na have a minority of people agreeing with this argument . 
  also : most people seem to favor more-local government over more-remote . 
  and there 's the obvious rejoinder that the uk is a net donor . 
  i think that more-compelling arguments rely upon economies of scale or greater impact on the rest of the world . 
   i am all for strict gun laws in the states well , fuck you too , dude . 
   i refuse to give up a many hundred year old tradition for fuck all . 
  i 'd note that the aftermath of a terrorist attack is generally when restrictions like this are going to go through -- because political opposition will be at its weakest . 
  so pressure to restrict civil rights or expand law enforcement powers will be likely to occur after terrorist attacks in general . 
  i mean , i dunno how much trust nord stream ii it puts in russia . 
  it does n't put much trust in poland or ukraine , though . 
  actually , russia arguably tipped the scales . 
   the point is that it is possible to enact sanctions that do not harm your allies . 
  note that we 've passed laws to penalize us companies in the past as well , like the [ office of antiboycot compliance ] ( https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/enforcement/oac ) . 
  eh , i still think that the larger concern is that nord stream 2 's only clear major purpose that i 'm aware of is to permit sectioning off eastern europe . 
  if i understand nord stream 2 correctly , you must assume one of two things : * poland and ukraine both can not be trusted . 
  * germany is willing to obtain the ability to pressure poland and ukraine in collusion with russia -- that is , to let russia cut off or charge higher prices to them than to other portions of the eu . 
  both of these seem like not-very-unifying positions for the eu .
