  * sometimes for fun or practice if people run into someone else who speaks the same language and are just hanging out with them . 
  i personally see this with people from the same state in india using their state-specific languages . 
   you can not spend all the money on drinks and women and then ask for help ... an attack on the bloc 's southern countries including spain , portugal , italy and greece . 
  i 'm assuming that `` women '' is a euphemism for prostitution here . 
  as can be seen in the map , [ prostitution is most-permitted in germany and thereabouts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_europe ) , including the netherlands . 
  the only southern european country in which it is as permissible as the netherlands is greece . 
  and while the netherlands [ have a fairly-limited alcohol consumption as europe goes ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/amount-of-alcohol-consumed-per-capita-by-country-in-europe-map/ ) , they 're a lot higher than italy . 
  in general , southern europe is n't a particularly-heavy consumer of alcohol by european standards . 
  if he 's going to choose something to go after southern europe on , i do n't think that alcohol and women are really the best thing . 
  this is a graph from eurostat that i thought was interesting . 
  people tend to defer having children until an older age today than in the past . 
  however , within the eu-28 , there 's not much correlation between a country 's total fertility rate ( tfr ) and when women first start having children . 
  ireland , for example , has the second-highest tfr in the eu-28 , but her women wait until a rather old average of ~ 29.5 years to start having children ( or , i guess , ~ 28.8 years to first successfully conceive ) . 
  this graph indicates that it 's possible to wait to have children , but then still maintain a tfr that 's nearly at a population-sustainable level . 
  what is the volume and what would the alternative be ? 
  i mean , probably a lot of that is r&d , and if you 're paying for domestic production , you 're also paying for a guarantee that you can build more if you want . 
  this is a graph from eurostat that i thought was interesting . 
  people tend to defer having children until an older age today than in the past . 
  however , within the eu-28 , there 's not much correlation between a country 's total fertility rate and when women first start having children . 
  ireland , for example , has the second-highest tfr in the eu-28 , but her women wait until a rather old average of ~ 29.5 years to start having children . 
  this graph indicates that it 's possible to wait to have children , but then still maintain a tfr that 's nearly at a population-sustainable level . 
  technically , ~ 2.1 is replacement for developed countries . 
  it 's somewhat-higher in undeveloped countries due to higher child mortality rates . 
  also because population is a trailing indicator of falling fertility levels . 
  it takes a lifetime to get old and die . 
  the flip side is that it takes a long time to change population 's direction if one does get fertility up to a sustainable level -- all the countries here either will see population declines for a long time to come or need to make up the difference with immigration ( viable for germany , but hard for latvia ) . 
  niger 's got a tfr of 7.6 , which comes pretty close , though . 
  that [ causes its own set of problems ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21612239-runaway-birth-rates-are-disaster-population-explosion ) . 
   or maybe ukrainians could fill that `` void '' ? 
  thus raising the obvious issue that this causes ukraine 's population to crash . 
   latvia is on course for a demographic disaster , just like other eastern european countries ( or western european for that matter , like italy or germany ) . 
  ireland has below-replacement fertility , but : * it 's high enough that it will only be a slow decline -- would need to be at 2.1 to meet replacement , and it 's 1.92 . 
  so each generation , there will be 1.92 / 2.1 = 91 % the number in the previous one , unless immigration can fill the gap . 
  with portugal , it 's far-more drastic -- at the current rate of fertility , each portuguese generation will be 62 % the size of the previous one . 
  * ireland also has net immigration , so it does n't mean that the population will decrease , just that the people living there will tend to be replaced by new immigrants . 
  latvia is n't seeing net immigration * or * sustainable fertility . 
  [ graph of estonia 's population against latvia 's population ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/estonia-population.png?s=est+sp.pop.totl&amp;v=201702141725t&amp;d1=19170101&amp;d2=20171231&amp;url2=/latvia/population ) , indexing to the same range . 
  they might have worse fertility , but it looks like their population is plunging less-rapidly . 
  ( note that population shrinkage trails low fertility , because it takes a lifetime for people to get old and die -- the fertility rate is just predicting what this will do in the future , but they may also see less net population outflow . ), 
  i do n't think so -- i do n't really see the punch line , if so . 
  the finns named the [ molotov cocktail ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov_cocktail ) , and afaik vodka bottles were used . 
  dunno if people used ethanol , but i imagine that if it were high-proof enough ... 
   if russian/chinese standards , that are more beneficial to their brand of state capitalism-influenced economics with mass production quality , come to define & dominate the global economic norm , as opposed to western-based free market economics with higher quality standards , i do n't really think that quality is where the difference comes from . 
  the us wants long ip rights , the eu the pdos that it has claimed to be exclusively european-controlled , and both probably a lot of other things , but i doubt that they have much to do with the economic system involved . 
  russia sold it to the us because russia believed that the superpower the british empire would potentially take it if it was n't sold . 
  selling it to the us established a buffer zone between a comparatively-friendly us and a dangerous british empire . 
  had the brits taken it , probably would have become part of canada . 
   your side the ... republic of ireland ? 
  at that point in the war , we were sending gear in but still had neutral status . 
  germany attacked the ussr in mid-1941 . 
  japan attacked us at the end of 1941 , which brought is in . 
   the fact that 1 euro member ( above all others ) spent the better part of a decade destabilizing the middle east is a joke . 
  if you 're talking about iraq , that was an indirect consequence and we would have gone into iraq regardless of whether the uk did . 
  them not entering would not have changed this . 
  the kgb was n't -- they also did foreign intelligence , which is why the svr is one child organization . 
  i think that the closer equivalent would be the [ svr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_intelligence_service_%28russia%29 ) . 
  the gru is on the military side and iirc was around during soviet times . 
  go fruther in the article :  these include oligarchs , moscow bankers , and figures working for or connected to the fsb , the successor spy agency to the kgb ... sources told the occrp that grigoriev had links to the fsb , russia 's main spy agency . 
  the fsb has less name-recognition in the us , at least , than the kgb . 
  i would n't be surprised if the same is true in the uk . 
  the senate holds the criminal trial . 
  you said that :  it is not like they get reinstated after the criminal trail find them not guilty . 
   wikipedia says otherwise or i am missing something . 
  i 'm not sure what article you 're reading on wikipedia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impeachment_in_the_united_states  the actual trial on such charges , and subsequent removal of an official upon conviction , is separate from the act of impeachment itself ... at the federal level , article ii of the united states constitution states in section 4 that `` the president , vice president , and all civil officers of the united states shall be removed from office on impeachment for , and conviction of , treason , bribery , or other high crimes and misdemeanors . 
  '' ... the removal of impeached officials is automatic upon conviction in the senate . 
  trump does n't want a wall . 
  trump does n't care about a wall . 
  the wall is a political device . 
  bush used the same `` wall '' schtick , albeit in a less-offensive way . 
  the idea is to give voters the idea that he will do something to establish protectionist labor policy without having to make hard commitments along those lines . 
  trump will want to very visibly be seen fighting for and promoting protectionist policy ( popular , not seen as a good idea ) while doing as little as possible along those lines . 
  trump 's made a couple of promises : end tpp and ttip ( they were already effectively not going to go through by the time he got to office ) , end nafta ( * quietly * or re-negotiate it , which had already been on the schedule for a while ) , build a wall and make mexico pay for it ( popular policy since low-skill us workers would like protectionism for their labor market , but not economically-advantageous to the us ; prior candidates have already built wall , and he currently plans to have the us build wall and then stick a successor with making mexico pay for it -- the `` i put forth a plan ... it just involved placing the burden of doing it on my successor and my successor did n't follow through '' is also popular for other popular-but-not-deemed-by-the-administration-to-be-a-good-idea areas like balancing the budget ) . 
  a wall is , in fact , not a particularly-effective way to deal with illegal immigrants working -- high penalties for hiring illegally and id requirements and so forth would be much more effective . 
  those are n't going through [ because the republican party knows perfectly well that illegal labor is economically-advantageous to the us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c52tlpcvdio ) and has no particular interest in stopping it . 
  however , a wall is a visible symbol and voters generally think that it will stop illegal labor competition for said jobs . 
  the `` wall '' thing is a [ long-running republican political tool that will not go away after trump ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure_fence_act_of_2006 ) . 
  think of it like the democratic party and , oh , say , reform to provide a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants ( never * quite * manages to make it on the agenda before the democrats lose control of congress or dies in a deadlocked congress ) , minimum wage law ( popular with voters , but unless you 've an economics background , you probably do n't understand why it 's unlikely to translate into a particularly effective subsidy for low-pay workers that said workers think it will , and so we regularly have battles about raising it while all keeping it low enough that it does n't have much impact ) , `` green '' anything ( `` i 'd like to pass a lot of money to inland states in farm subsidies but people in the coastal states will never support it ... oh , i know , i 'll structure it as ` corn ethanol to save the environment ' '' ) or any number of other things where the party knows perfectly well that a policy is n't a good idea and has no particular desire to pass the policy for the reasons that voters like it , but where it 's a useful political tool . 
  both the democrats and the republicans have every intention of continuing to have illegal immigrants working in the us . 
  the difference is simply in their political marketing : the democrats promise to make illegal immigrants legal citizens but will consistently fail to do so , and the republicans will promise to keep illegal immigrants out but continue to let them in . 
  trump 's actual goals will be on things like rolling back the estate tax or providing a capital gains tax break . 
   it is not like they get reinstated after the criminal trail find them not guilty . 
  if they are not judged to be guilty in the criminal trial , they will not be removed at all . 
  in the us , once someone becomes president , they stay president until the end of their term , pretty much no matter what they do , as long as they do n't break the law . 
  i think that a lot of people on here seem to think that trump is likely to be removed because he 's not a very impressive president or is unpopular . 
  that wo n't happen -- that is n't how the us works . 
  it is a formal accusation that someone has broken the law . 
  you do n't impeach simply because you do n't like someone 's leadership . 
  those are not illegal . 
  they may be a good idea , since they create walls against being hit with anticorruption charges , but there 's no requirement to actually do them . 
  i 'm not familiar with the details , but i can think of technical fixes : * [ dual-gauge track ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_gauge ) . 
  * [ china is standard-gauge . 
  most of europe is standard-gauge . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/track_gauge ) . 
  cut a standard-gauge line through afghanistan and tajikistan or wherever it is that you 're running the line and you 're done . 
  most traffic on a china-eu line is n't going to be destined for afghanistan or tajikistan anyway . 
  well , it 's been an issue , but it 's not easy for something to actually get all the way up to scotus . 
  normally a lower court can resolve it . 
  the precedent there matters too -- it just is n't definitive the way scotus is . 
   at the moment that he lost the popular vote , it 's normal that we will have a low approval rating normally , presidents start out with a fairly-high approval rating . 
  but you are right that there is some disconnect between approval rating , which is not connected to the electoral college , and viability of re-election .
