  but there [ are good indicators that are up , as i point out in my other comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62gvcv/eu_nationals_already_being_denied_mortgages_due/dfmq35b/ ) . 
   if there is a bubble , it 's impossible to tell how inflated prices actually are vs where they should be . 
  you can get a good idea of how high they are above intrinsic value , and assume that that a bubble popping would n't go much lower than that . 
   it 's not just pensioners ( although i 'm not really a fan of the whole disregarding needs of older people that seems popular lately ) well , someone 's going to get burned if you have a bubble pop . 
  can be the young couple that moves in , burns their inheritance and mortgages themselves to the hilt to just `` get on the property ladder '' and then crash and burn when property values fall . 
  can be the elderly couple that ca n't unload the house to anyone and watch the equity that was to fund their retirement evaporate . 
  only way to avoid that is to keep it from inflating in the first place . 
  at least popping it sooner means that you 've got a less-distorted housing market for less time . 
   but anyone who is n't upper-middle class or richer . 
  the uk 's regressive council tax is advantageous to the wealthy , and disadvantageous to the non-wealthy . 
  this is n't something that 's friendly to the poor -- they 're having to pay out a large chunk of their assets in tax , and the wealthy can simply keep their moolah in real estate . 
  and that 's an * ongoing * issue , not a one-off of someone being burned . 
   nobody wants whole districts of low earners and districts of high earners to form . 
  < shrug  the current system segregates by assets rather than income -- the wealthy in one spot , the poor in another . 
  i do n't see any particular merit of one system over another . 
   even in the richest parts of the city there are little family owned launderettes that earn enough to live , but would never earn enough to buy their properties again . 
  yup . 
  well , this would also drive down property values , so part of that would be mitigated . 
   arguably council tax is paying for council services , so perhaps it should n't be considered a tax . 
  well , feel free to replace all references to `` council tax '' i make with `` property tax '' if that 's preferable . 
   since the worth of homes in the uk clearly does n't match the wealth of the people living in those homes , making it a true tax is n't seen as a progressive thing to do . 
  the worth of homes in the uk * does * match the wealth of the people living in those homes -- that 's exactly what the present tax system is tending to produce . 
  it does n't match the * income * of the people living in those homes . 
   that 's why the most left wing parties in the uk generally support abolishing it . 
  < shrug  all right , but i 'm sure that that 's because , as i pointed out , it is a regressive tax , and they 're off aiming at instituting or increasing some progressive tax ( like income tax ) . 
  you tend to get [ bubbles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_bubble ) when people look at recent returns to make their decision to buy in :  some houses at my previous address went from 70.000 to 1.000.000 in 15 years . 
  sounds like a tempting market ... which i 'm sure you can see the appeal of . 
  then the valuation of the house becomes driven up by people seeking to gain from appreciation , not by any of the inherent properties of the house itself , like how warm it can keep you . 
  people get excited by the appreciation , the rise in house prices , and go to * any * lengths to get in so they can ride things up , which itself drives prices further up . 
  the flaw , of course , is that prices ca n't go up forever . 
  at some point , you ca n't find more people willing and able to buy in . 
  and so the prices plateau . 
  since a lot of people were buying not to get a house , but to ride the rising price , they now lack a reason to stay in the market and sell off at a small bit below the peak . 
  owners see the drop , panic , and sell even lower . 
  the bubble `` pops '' and the only people buying houses are those who are buying it with an eye to how much it 's worth to them as a place to live . 
  a lot of people who bought in at high prices lose enormous amounts of money . 
  happened in the us in 2007 . 
  people knew that there was a bubble , but not quite when it would pop . 
  some people called it early . 
  because we 're talking about housing , people borrow as much money as they can -- in the last us bubble , sometimes using fraudulent data to borrow more than a lender would normally lend . 
  that means that you can make gobs of money -- get a 5 % down mortgage , and when your house goes up in value by 10 % , you 've now got 300 % your initial investment in equity , in actual `` owned house '' . 
  the flip side is that your losses are similarly magnified when house values drop . 
  i am not an expert in london real estate . 
  but there 's good reason to believe that such a disconnect exists between what people who would use a house as a house would pay and what people are actually paying . 
  that means a bubble . 
  * price-to-rent ratios are high . 
  normally , rent is seen as a truer value of what housing is worth as a house , since it avoids investors . 
  being a landlord only makes sense when these stay at a level where one gets a reasonable annual return . 
  that 's not presently the case . 
  * price-to-income ratios are high . 
  this means that there is n't a workforce that can easily afford housing . 
  * [ private debt in the uk is high . ] ( https://betterdwelling.com/the-6-6-trillion-dollar-real-estate-bubble-brewing-in-the-commonwealth/#_ ) . 
  that 's not really a sign that a bubble is present , but a bubble can only inflate as long as people keep throwing money into it . 
  since people borrowing is a big source of that money , when lenders wo n't lend more , you may be near the peak . 
  brexit is similarly another possible cause of reaching a peak , by reducing demand from foreigners or uncertainty or economic decline cutting into willingness of lenders to lend . 
  that means that there is a lot of potential downside to buying london real estate , and not a lot of potential upside -- can pay * really * support another doubling in value ? 
  too risky for me . 
  anyway , nobody can perfectly predict bubbles or when they pop . 
  but london has lots of red flags up , and i would not want to wager a lot of my future wealth in london property prices rising or not falling . 
   but it would be hugely damaging to people who live in expensive houses , but have low incomes . 
  yes . 
  the british real estate market has greatly-inflated prices . 
  at some point , people are gon na get burned . 
  the time to avoid that was before it started inflating . 
   it would essentially be a way of gentrifying whole districts yup . 
  house values would come down , people would need to move , young people would get affordable property to live in again . 
  i 'd add that the same argument ( noooo gentrifying poor senior citizens who would need to move ) got used to get [ prop 13 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_13_%281978%29 ) through in california , which subsequently has resulted in a fair chunk of california 's property issues . 
  sometimes , places will become more expensive , and people will have to move . 
  that 's cool -- at least if you do it without inflating the hell out of the thing before someone buys in , they get a nice payout along with the move from the appreciation between when it was affordable and when it stopped being affordable . 
   stamp duty is n't regressive at all . 
  you 're right -- stamp duty is not . 
  but council tax is , as it has a maximum band . 
  it 's not wasting . 
  buying real estate ties up your assets , and means that you ca n't do other things with them . 
  this is a [ us-specific article ] ( https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/09/13/sorry-but-your-home-is-a-bad-long-term-investment.aspx ) , but the basic point holds -- there 's an opportunity cost there , and there are places that consistently perform better-over-the-long-term that you can store your wealth than in real estate . 
  i do n't know where you 're living , but if it 's in london , the price-to-rent ratio is high , the price-to-income ratio is high , there 's a brexit happening , and while i 'm a layman , i would not touch the london property market with a ten foot pole . 
  yeah , you can get something that can appreciate a lot with a little money down ... but it can also depreciate a hell of a lot . 
  and london is a lot more likely to greatly fall than greatly rise at this point . 
   stamp duty is tax on properties bought . 
  right !, 
  you do n't particularly want that , because you do n't want to discourage people from transferring properties . 
   property value taxes do n't really work they sure do if your goal is to discourage people using your real estate supply as an asset store and having to deal with the disruption that causes . 
  you want to store assets somewhere , you can buy stocks or put money in a bank or whatnot . 
  in particular , the british * regressive * property tax is something i 've never heard of before . 
  that 's just damned remarkable . 
  i 'm amazed that the non-wealthy are willing to put up with that . 
  edit : ahahaha , and just to check , like here , the brits additionally do n't have capital gains tax on primary residence . 
  he 's not a mod , he 's just an asshole . 
  there 's a list of moderators in the sidebar . 
  click on '' ... and 20 more '' . 
  okay , this explains some of the housing bubble . 
  i was about to ask why the devil it was a * stamp * tax instead of a property tax . 
  no reason to increase transaction cost . 
  apparently the british equivalent of a property tax is the [ council tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_tax ) . 
  it 's about 1 % normally * but * apparently the highest band is for property at about 320k gbp . 
  so it looks like you can purchase extremely-expensive properties in the uk and the property tax ( not in * percentage * , but in pound terms ) is n't any higher than that 320k gbp property tax -- you 're only paying about 3k gbp in property tax , no matter how expensive the property is . 
  the average london property sale is a bit over 500k gbp . 
  so you 're paying something like half a percent in property tax there and it falls off the more-expensive the property is . 
  that would explain why you have so many people parking wealth in brit real estate . 
  :-) they 've found themselves an inflation hedge that is minimally-taxed that they can use .
