  they can go hold a protest elsewhere . 
   on attacking the police : police attacked first . 
  police did n't attack only the violent people , the people starting the riot - they gas everybody equally . 
  if you 're in the middle of a riot and the police break out gas and you attack the police , you 're in the wrong . 
  `` rage against the machine by increasing insurance premiums and making autos a little less affordable for the typical person and sending the funds to large auto manufacturing companies . '', 
  eh , `` place of business '' and `` vehicle '' are often included . 
  also , some states do permit use of deadly force to protect property . 
  texas is fairly generous in permitting use of deadly force : [ texas penal code - penal \u00a7 9.42 . 
  deadly force to protect property ] ( http://codes.findlaw.com/tx/penal-code/penal-sect-9-42.html )   a person is justified in using deadly force against another to protect land or tangible , movable property :   ( 1 ) if he would be justified in using force against the other under section 9.41 ; and   ( 2 ) when and to the degree he reasonably believes the deadly force is immediately necessary :   ( a ) to prevent the other 's imminent commission of arson , burglary , robbery , aggravated robbery , theft during the nighttime , or criminal mischief during the nighttime ; or   ( b ) to prevent the other who is fleeing immediately after committing burglary , robbery , aggravated robbery , or theft during the nighttime from escaping with the property ; and   ( 3 ) he reasonably believes that :   ( a ) the land or property can not be protected or recovered by any other means ; or   ( b ) the use of force other than deadly force to protect or recover the land or property would expose the actor or another to a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury . 
  [ texas penal code - penal \u00a7 9.43 . 
  protection of third person 's property ] ( http://codes.findlaw.com/tx/penal-code/penal-sect-9-43.html )  a person is justified in using force or deadly force against another to protect land or tangible , movable property of a third person if , under the circumstances as he reasonably believes them to be , the actor would be justified under section 9.41 or 9.42 in using force or deadly force to protect his own land or property and :   ( 1 ) the actor reasonably believes the unlawful interference constitutes attempted or consummated theft of or criminal mischief to the tangible , movable property ; or   ( 2 ) the actor reasonably believes that :   ( a ) the third person has requested his protection of the land or property ;   ( b ) he has a legal duty to protect the third person 's land or property ; or   ( c ) the third person whose land or property he uses force or deadly force to protect is the actor 's spouse , parent , or child , resides with the actor , or is under the actor 's care . 
  in texas law , you 're generally just fine killing someone who is trying to firebomb your car . 
  it did during the la riots . 
  these people want to steal , not to die in a gunfight . 
  i 'm quite happy with global trade . 
  but me and countless others not destroying property does n't directly neutralize someone destroying property in hamburg . 
  you can protest all you want . 
  trash businesses , and you become a problem that needs to be addressed . 
  elon musk shall fill the gap . 
  shots fired . 
  afghanistan was necessary . 
  you ca n't have states supporting ongoing efforts to knock out your military and legislative heads , and the taliban was given the option of handing over the relevant figures and refused . 
  i 'll agree on some of the other points . 
  well , our reaction made a dent . 
  i was not wrong -- i said the * countries * involved , the eu . 
  i do n't think that the eu position on this does radically differ . 
  i think that eu countries are going to need immigration via one route or another , given fertility rates , and that this has the advantage of being immediately available . 
  i do n't particularly think that there 's a strong political desire in european or italian leadership to shut down intake . 
  to put on the appearance of doing something , sure , because immigration is unpopular with the public . 
  we do the same thing vis-a-vis immigration from latin america -- lots of highly visible and ineffectual flailing . 
  trump ran on a wall of unspecified dimensions that was going to fulfill the desires of the anti-immigration crowd . 
  bush did the same , built some fencing . 
  no , my take is that europe 's leadership might prefer a high domestic fertility rate , but if the public are n't going to have kids , they 'd rather have immigration long before they want european countries to go economically downhill . 
  i 'd add that i think that that 's the right call , though i think that europe would be better off with skilled immigration rather than using the refugee mechanism . 
  that was addressed via pre-eu overfishing . 
   i thought we were supposed to be getting better trade deals . 
  well , there was n't any us-uk trade deal at all due to left-wing opponents who wanted their sectors uncompetitive and protected , and my expectation is that that will go through , even if ttip does n't start moving again . 
   this is a wet dream of leftists . 
  i 'm gon na need a citation on that . 
  i do n't particularly think that people on the left are really enthusiastic about being conqurered . 
  they seem to mostly be on about perceived economic injustice . 
  i suppose th you could make an argument for it in that case . 
  i 'm a bit doubtful that italy is impacted more than , say , germany or sweden , though . 
   cultural recovery from muslim occupation and its horrors took spain over half a millenia . 
  millennia is the plural . 
  no , but collectively , they can . 
   3 people gored by bulls , it \u00b4 s like the average , totally normal for most towns . 
  there 's a sentence you do n't see too often . 
  direct action is necessary to inspire the people !, 
  also , these are n't * true * g20 protestors !, 
  this also explains low finnish levels of obesity . 
  the members of the eu are perfectly free to change legal commitments that the echr judges on or even abolish the echr . 
  they have not done so to date because they do not want to do so . 
  but if they were to take action , that is where i 'd make changes -- not at the unclos point . 
  i do n't think that the economics work out here . 
  it 's not planned obscelence that has killed repair , but that : * the rate of technological advancement renders something older significantly less good . 
  spending time repairing something typically gets me something less good . 
  * we 've optimized manufacturing to be very cheap . 
  it 's a repeated process where we have control over the inputs . 
  repair has things broken in unexpected ways . 
  it 's simply not gotten much cheaper , whereas manufacturing has . 
  * i suspect that the typical item is repaired on average far fewer than one time . 
  that means that the repair market is much smaller than the `` buy new '' market . 
  smaller markets are less amenable to automation . 
  law is simply written by the countries involved . 
  if they judge it to not be in their interests , they can change it . 
  my point is that if you decide you want to change or break laws , the unclos is probably not the piece of law you want to be getting rid of . 
   i , as an eastern european , feel nothing but disgust for those westerners who put our whole continent in danger and now are trying to tell us how living with islamic terrorism , sharia courts , burkas , other `` vibrant '' practices like fgm , with the constantly decreasing social cohesion is ok and that we should just get used to it . 
  are you in support of policies that either bring in immigrants from another viable source in the world or in support of policies that raise europe 's fertility rate ? 
  because if neither happens , you get a steadily weakening eu ( and , in the long run , immigration from elsewhere . ), 
   together with the current asylum convention [ refugee convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) . 
  or , more importantly , who have the ability to leave . 
   what about ns2 then is n't that all of germany . 
  yes , that 's a state decision . 
  it 's not one i think is a good idea , either . 
  but it is independent of the issue here . 
   also where is german justice system , why noone from the government speaks about it ? 
  fair point . 
  i do n't speak german , so i do n't know about how one initiates such a process in germany . 
  i know that in the us , there are [ anonymous reporting phone numbers ] ( https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/enforcement/oee/23-compliance-a-training/44-recognizing-and-reporting-possible-violations ) that go to export control agencies to report possible sanctions violations , or one could contact one 's representatives if one lives in the us . 
   there are probably some international laws that says * if you find some vessel in danger , help them if possible * . 
  that does n't mean you * have * to go to them . 
  yes there are ... and you do . 
  un convention on the law of the sea . 
  the eu is a party , and the us is n't but acts as if it is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea  article 98 :   duty to render assistance   ( 1 ) every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers :   - ( a ) to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ;   - ( b ) to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ;   - ( c ) after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
    ( 2 ) every coastal state shall promote the establishment , operation and maintenance of an adequate and effective search and rescue service regarding safety on and over the sea and , where circumstances so require , by way of mutual regional arrangements cooperate with neighbouring states for this purpose . 
  i 'd add that if europe does not want to let people in , this * is n't * the battle you probably want to fight . 
  the eu sees major benefits from countries following this agreement , and would not want it to break down . 
  you do n't want some captain at sea having to work this out . 
  you want to rescue anyone in trouble , bring them back , and let the authorities deal with them . 
  if the authorities are n't doing the right thing , address that . 
  do n't break very long-standing maritime agreements to save those in trouble . 
  instead , it would be much wiser to withdraw from the refugee convention . 
  this is one company , not all of germany . 
  we have n't seen the german justice system be involved yet . 
  it 's good for canada and russia . 
  more human-friendly climate . 
  [ apparently arid california will be getting more precipitation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/6lp0av/climate_scientists_now_expect_california_to/ ) , so i 'm not complaining ... 
  looking online , it looks like they built that navy ( shit-tons of small anti-submarine ships to fight german submarines in the atlantic ) almost entirely as a result of declaring war to support the uk , though .
