  [ 1 ] president dwight d. eisenhower signed bennett 's death warrant . 
  [ 2 ] days before bennett 's scheduled execution four years later , the victim and her parents wrote to president john f. kennedy , asking that bennett 's life be spared . 
  kennedy took no action on the appeals and let his predecessor 's death warrant stand . 
  [ 1 ] bennett was hanged at fort leavenworth , kansas in 1961 . 
  strong european beer , sexy europeans ? 
  maybe it 's not composed of only the other shown groups ? 
  like , just a few large groups were graphed ? 
  i 'm talking about the overall load of supporting a poorer state . 
  moldova has 3m people . 
  it just ca n't impact the eu that much . 
  india has 1,326 m people . 
  it 's like adding over 400 moldovas . 
  is it higher than one would get somewhere in rural ireland ? 
  i 'd say political legislators play a role too . 
   russia has been invaded three times , once by france and twice by germany . 
  in each case , it survived because of strategic depth ... although the weather also played a role , distance was the main challenge for attacking armies . 
  even in world war i , germany was unable to sustain the gains it won . 
  in the napoleonic wars and world war ii , the enemy was ground down and defeated . 
  invaded by armies with * horse-drawn supply lines * in all of these cases , which generated the logistical problems . 
  at a certain distance , the supply line is overwhelmingly hauling hay to fuel itself . 
  a soviet union using us-provided vehicles had no problems heading into germany even back in world war ii . 
  diesel is far more energy-dense . 
  the us today regularly sustains very large forces on the other side of the globe . 
  technology shrank that distance . 
  the article is trying to apply century-old logistical issues . 
   ukraine was a different matter . 
  it had become independent but was not absorbed by the west . 
  it was also a critical part of russia 's buffer . 
  ukraine is vast , and the cost of crossing it from the west is high . 
  today , if russia can not win an air war , it will not win a war in the area . 
  it takes very little time to zip over ukraine in a military jet . 
  turkey really does n't want a kurdish separatist state next door , which is what they 're liable to get and what those special forces guys are ultimately facilitating . 
  it 's not a huge surprise that they 're crabby . 
  yes , but also one that is vastly less populous . 
  some of that will probably be the housing shortage showing through . 
  not enough houses , prices get bid up . 
  prices go up , workers can not afford housing and to work at a restaurant . 
  restaurant employers can not afford workers without paying more to draw them back . 
  food prices rise . 
  nobody 's going to say `` anglophonesphere '' , though . 
  the [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) is a browser plugin that 's fairly popular on reddit and lets a user attach short notes or `` tags '' to other usernames as future notes visible just to themselves . 
  when people talk about `` tagging '' a user , that 's what they 're referring to . 
  i do n't use it , mostly because i do n't like running plugin software that can access all my web browsing -- each one 's a potential security risk . 
  [ * pornography , rape , and sex crimes in japan * ] ( http://www.hawaii.edu/pcss/biblio/articles/1961to1999/1999-pornography-rape-sex-crimes-japan.html )  within japan itself , the dramatic increase in available pornography and sexually explicit materials is apparent to even a casual observer . 
  this is concomitant with a general liberalization of restrictions on other sexual outlets as well . 
  also readily apparent from the information presented is that , over this period of change , sex crimes in every category , from rape to public indecency , sexual offenses from both ends of the criminal spectrum , significantly decreased in incidence . 
    most significantly , despite the wide increase in availability of pornography to children , not only was there a decrease in sex crimes with juveniles as victims but the number of juvenile offenders also decreased significantly . 
  pornography availability and sex crime in japan have been negatively-correlated with each other . 
   if you look at crime stats from the us , you can come to the conclusion that black poeple are subhuman pieces of shit that ca n't function well in society , or that ( and thats what i would suggest personally ) inherent economic disadvantage and inequality levels lead to a higher crime rate and that those things should be fixed . 
  i 've seen people do statistical analysis to find correlation with income and remove that contribution to crime , which does cover much of it ... but doing that also necessarily involves the the presupposition that race and income are independent variables . 
  all it really shows is that race , income , and crime together are correlated . 
  causation is not something that you 're going to conclusively answer to society 's satisfaction any time soon . 
  they must not have sent their best up here !, 
   i dont agree with that last part at all . 
  all it does is make those with money , buy more properties to then air bnb them to tourists while locals can no longer afford to live there . 
  it * does * increase the value of properties , and does increase the amount of tourist throughput -- but in response i 'd say that that 's what 's generating the most utility . 
  it may be that tourists * are * willing to pay more than natives to be right near world-famous landmarks , for example . 
  hell , i 'd be almost certain of it , since the tourist is paying for a short event and the native is paying for the long term . 
  if you 're concerned about the `` charge a fee '' bit and that the natives want a piece of the action , that gets back to the point i had about figuring out how to extract money from tourists being a legitimate issue . 
  there 's no promises that the market does n't price people out . 
  there used to be some very sketchy areas of san francisco that were cheap to live in that saw heavy [ gentrification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gentrification ) , and now have a lot of wealthy people living there . 
  the issue is just that that 's not seen as a negative ... 
  not that that 's not a valid concern , but that 's not at all the same thing as being `` the single greatest contributing factor to the downfall of a nation '' . 
   most certainly , have you seen how coloured are treated by the police in the us ? 
  i 've seen stereotypes propagated about it . 
   also this chimp hahaha , nice , have n't seen that before . 
  i guess he 's a cut above [ disumbrationism ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20161210013100/http://hoaxes.org/archive/permalink/the_disumbrationist_school_of_art/ ) ... 
  well , the thing says `` population groups '' , not `` country name '' in the imgur title , at least ... 
  i think that the real question is in what the dominant factor making airbnb popular . 
  a few factors : * hotels will normally pay a tax ( in the us , a [ transient occupancy tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transient_occupancy_tax ) ) . 
  it may be that the main draw is evading this tax . 
  in the us , i believe that this is typically a small portion of the hotel fee , and suspect that this is not a major portion of the appeal , but it may be that things differ elsewhere . 
  i have not used airbnb , and if the complaint from a municipality is that airbnb is not collecting a transient occupancy tax that legally must be paid for them , i 'm sympathetic to the law there -- as long as the tax is used to address some form of negative externality , like costs in providing information booths , it 's economically-efficient to impose the tax . 
  in particular -- and i 've no idea whether this is the case -- it may be that the municipality wants to charge for , say , beach access or viewing a landmark , but there is a hefty [ transaction cost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transaction_cost ) to trying to charge a fee to get access directly to the thing . 
  instead , maybe municipalities simply try to average out what tourists want and just get their money by taxing the snot out of hotels in the area . 
  if that 's the case , that 's a real issue . 
  i * do * think that it might be something that could potentially be addressed differently , like by charging non-residents cell phone roaming fees in an area . 
  * citizens in a city have some sort of quota they want of tourism -- complaints about the number of tourists came up . 
  if the city government 's take is honestly that it wants less tourists ( and i 'm not clear that that is the case , but it could be ) , this could undermine enforceability of those limits . 
  i 'm sympathetic to the law in that case . 
  * hotels normally have certain legal requirements . 
  fire safety inspections , clearly-marked exit signs , regulatory overhead in ensuring that hotels have insurance , etc. 
  i do n't know what portion of a hotel 's costs are associated with this . 
  if airbnb is helping people live somewhere that does * not * meet such requirements , then either ( a ) the requirements are excessively-stiff and i 'm sympathetic to airbnb or ( b ) they are not and i 'm sympathetic to the law . 
  * hoteliers do not want competition . 
  this is nothing unexpected : no business does . 
  if you are a hotel , you want licensing in place to block residents from letting tourists stay in your city -- they 're draining people away from your services . 
  if that 's the case , this is a case of [ regulatory capture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture ) and market failure , and i 'm sympathetic to airbnb . 
  ( i should note that i strongly think that uber/lyft 's appeal was mostly due to them bypassing regulations that were the result of regulatory capture , and am quite sympathetic to those ride-sharing companies . ), 
  * it may be that apartments are offering a service that is not currently available -- like , maybe i am happy making my own bed , want the privacy and amenities of a regular house , and so forth . 
  in that case , airbnb is meeting a need that had not been met , and i am sympathetic to airbnb . 
  * it may be that airbnb is making more-efficient use of housing -- letting it be filled more fully , keeping summer houses from going unused -- in a way that dedicated hotels can not . 
  if so , it 's improving efficiency , and i am sympathetic to airbnb . 
  well , that 's slightly awkward . 
   * if they are retirees the state paying the pension pays for the healthcare . 
    * if they are workers the state they are working in pays . 
  ah , sweet , thanks -- that 's exactly what i 'd have hoped for in terms of incentives . 
   hopefully , this changes post-brexit and we wo n't be on the hook for non brits that worked here for a few years and got a uk pension . 
  is n't the pension bound to the amount of economic activity they generated ? 
  like , a function of income and years worked and all that ?
