  it 's not simply making the worker better off , because all other forms of compensation are n't normally fixed in place . 
  it 's just forcing me to provide that compensation in a particular form , like `` vacation days '' instead of `` pay '' . 
  that is , whatever a labor-law-guaranteed perk provides is n't something `` extra '' -- it comes from pay or some other form of compensation . 
  the an exception would be the specific case where ( a ) someone is being paid minimum wage , ( b ) demand is inelastic , and ( c ) the wage simply dominates all other forms of compensation . 
  i think that this is less-common , in practice , than many people think , but it 's at least possible . 
  so , let 's say that there 's a hypothetical job , say , pushing a button to keep part of paris from catching on fire , that produces $ 2m/day in value to society . 
  it 's worth it to me to pay up to about $ 2m/day . 
  basically , i 'm gon na hire that person * even if * the labor supply is so constrained i have to pay a * lot * of money to outbid other employers who could use that labor , because i can get a lot of value from it . 
  minimum wage is $ 1m/day , so i 'm effectively constraining bids from other workers . 
  now , in a situation like this , where i only need to hire one worker , a lot of people would really want this job . 
  i could probably be pretty rude to the worker , expect him to wear an elaborate outfit , do pretty much anything , because people * really * want that job . 
  i 'm unlikely to be be able to recoup anything like $ 1m/day via anything else that i could recoup from the employee , so the law placing a $ 1m minimum wage is acting as a true subsidy to the employee . 
  but for most jobs , you 're not talking about anything like $ 1m/day . 
  and there , the gotcha is that i * will * do whatever is possible to recoup utility to me where i can . 
  as an employer , my interest is only to provide enough utility to attract and retain an employee , and thus my interest is in minimizing the ratio of utility-to-me relative to utility-to-employee . 
  if labor law forces me to provide a particular form of compensation , it can only increase that ratio ... and that provides the employee with less overall utility , making the employee worse-off than would otherwise have been the case . 
   you also assume that the companies would be able and willing to calculate the price for workers rights accurately and fairly . 
  `` fairness '' is n't an input to the equation . 
  accurately ? 
  yeah , you need to approximate it . 
  but approximating it is all you need -- and that 's true for business in general . 
   for once , enforcing transparency on this would be a bureaucratic nightmare as cost calculations can be very different between companies and depend on a ton of things . 
  sure , it 's fine for them to differ between companies . 
  they probably do differ , and it 's a good thing for that to be taken into account . 
  for , say , a hospital , not having a doctor be on-call might be a very expensive perk to offer , for example , because occasionally something comes up at odd hours that * must * be dealt with immediately , and the only way to handle that is to simply hire more doctors . 
  for a construction worker , not-being-on-call is not a very expensive perk to offer -- construction work can normally just run during the daytime . 
  transparency is n't necessary -- it 's in an employer 's interest to value the cost to themselves as accurately as possible . 
  after all , if it costs me a shit-ton more to find someone who will work with fewer days of vacation , i 'd rather provide compensation in the form of vacation than in the form of pay . 
   but this would also allow companies to effectively eliminate workers right entirely . 
  by lowballing the `` with rights '' offer , offering a lower amount than it really is worth to them to discourage an employee from taking that option ? 
  it 's not in their interest to do that . 
  if someone will take the with-perks option , it 's to their interest to have the employee take that option if the offer reflects what it actually costs the company . 
  the only thing the company can do by doing so is to make themselves worse-off . 
   large companies could simply take the current salary , claim its the no rights salary and then set up a much , much lower salary for those that actually want their rights . 
  they could certainly do that , same as they could simply charge a lower salary now . 
  in both cases , the reason that they do not do so is the same : they 'd be charging below market rate , and they would n't have employees come to work for them . 
   you assume an equal market with perfect transparency and negotiations with both parties at the same level . 
  an `` equal '' market and `` transparency '' does n't come into the picture . 
  information disparity about costs to the employer is n't important , because it 's irrelevant to the employee whether-or-not the employer is lying or inaccurate or not : he just takes the most appealing option to him . 
  if the employer 's * wrong * , the employer can only lose out . 
   while that is a widespread liberal fallacy , its still a fallacy . 
  there 's an assumption that markets approximate being efficient , that employees are n't completely clueless about how much they want various characteristics of a job and employers are n't completely clueless about how much the benefit costs them . 
  but we only expect an approximation : we do n't expect perfect accuracy , just that things look more-or-less like an efficient market , and that 's an assumption underlying pretty much everything in business already . 
  plus , that assumption already exists when it comes to compensation -- employees already make that call when deciding where to work , and employers in setting wages that they offer . 
  basically , nobody 's really being required to do anything that they are n't already expected to do in some form in terms of assessing the utility . 
  without the original introduction of them for prisoners the best options were `` release and hope for no recidivism '' or `` stay in jail '' . 
  i 'd say that middle ground as an option is advantageous , not a negative . 
  here , the option is to simply make the vetting more-restrictive and entirely block entry or gamble . 
  i 'd say that a middle ground is advantageous . 
  ... no , national security . 
  yeah , but i thin that the main immediate relevance it has is on how soon there 's an uk-us trade agreement . 
  well ... i thought that with the right additives and filters , it 's viable . 
  just not as convenient or cheap . 
   the european union is in favour of linguistic diversity . 
  there are two underlying reasons for that principle . 
  the first is that the use of english gives the brits an unfair advantage , they can express themselves in their mother tongue , and all other politicians and bureaucrats are put at a disadvantage . 
  i do n't think that an advantage is the main concern . 
  i think that it 's more that it 's politically-important that the eu be seen as a union of equal countries , not one country dominating others . 
  germany gets flak for having a higher prominence in foreign affairs . 
  choosing german or english or french or italian as `` special '' would give one of the eu members special * preeminence * . 
  looking at official languages around the world , it looks to me to be common for countries to retain many official languages , even when some are rarely-used , because it is a statement about identity , and politically-costly to change . 
   do n't vote for a politician who ca n't speak english . 
  i think that english fluency would be low on my list of concerns in selecting a politician if i lived in the eu . 
   official documents should still be translated into all languages , but communications and negotiations would be greatly improved if everyone just switched to english . 
  yes , one language would be advantageous . 
  and i 've talked about this quite a bit before , and my bet is that english is likely going to wind up being the * de facto * standard . 
  russian has some nice technical characteristics and some knowledge in eastern europe , but has bad political characteristics for eastern europe . 
  chinese is fragmented and has a separate written language . 
  german is the best-spoken-as-a-first-language language in the eu , but has very little uptake outside of the eu . 
  french does have uptake outside the eu , but a lot of that is in western africa , which does not presently look to me like something that europe will have deep and critical interactions with -- if africa were to somehow rapidly develop and become much-better-off , that could change , maybe , but i do n't think that it will happen soon enough . 
  spanish has a huge number of native speakers globally ... but only a small portion of the eu can speak it , and almost all of the spanish speakers are in latin america , which is not ( currently ! ), 
  something in constant contact with the eu . 
  portuguese is like spanish , but with smaller numbers both inside and out of the eu . 
  arabic is fragmented and i suspect that there would be political difficulties . 
  hindi is n't as important a * lingua franca * in india as english . 
  i 'm not really impressed with synthetic language uptake , and there 's a lack of content in those languages language . 
  latin lacks native speakers and content . 
  english is pretty widely spoken in the world , and in places that matter to the eu or will matter moving forwards ( the uk , obviously , but also canada , the us , india ) has a fair degree of entrenchment , uses an alphabet that 's pretty compatible with european keyboards and has elements of both the romantic family and the germanic family . 
  so i give english pretty good odds . 
  but i think that it would be politically not worthwhile to force language change . 
  it 's tied up with identity , and people care about this quite a bit . 
  it 's not * that * costly to add the administrative overhead ( and if politicians and bureaucrats want to use english or whatever else is handy when not making public appearances , they 're free to do that ) . 
  forcing language change does n't benefit most people a great deal , and irritates the daylights out of the people who * really do not want it * . 
  basically , it 's spending political capital on something that just is n't * that * critical for the eu . 
  interesting factoid : russia was the first country to use decimal currency . 
  i believe that `` intercepting '' just means intersecting with its path . 
  should be able to do it in international airspace too . 
  lotta pro-labour content posted on areas of reddit that are n't normally particularly pro-labour , like / r/ukpolitics . 
  my guess is that it dies down after the election . 
  oooh , i was [ pretty close on calling it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6aib2w/noneu_parents_may_have_eu_residence_right_ecj/dhfz4ni/ ) . 
   some pregnant immigrant women are reported to have paid fake fathers and solicitors as much as $ 5,000 ( # 4,356 ; $ 5,628 ) to get paternity registered . 
  once that is done , the baby automatically becomes a german citizen and the mother has the right to stay . 
  -  mr schr\u00f6der , a member of chancellor angela merkel 's centre-right christian democrats ( cdu ) , said `` we have a lot of evidence from the immigration authorities - fake fathers are making money out of this ... in other words , this involves a considerable amount of criminality '' . 
  -  the fake fathers rarely pay any child support , as many are living off social welfare , ard reports . 
  ways in which this varies from my guess : * the women are not * actually * having a kid with the guy . 
  this leaves them vulnerable to genetic testing and unmasking . 
  * my guess was an eu citizen father not living in the eu , since i needed a way for them to not be on the hook for child payments , but being on welfare also has this effect . 
  probably because ( a ) their leadership is politically secure and can afford to focus on things other than domestic popularity and ( b ) because they 're big . 
  i mean , i think that you should have juncker or someone doing this sort of thing for political reasons , but whatever . 
  disabled people ?
