   with the difference that that is n't the case with the proposal put forward in the economist article . 
  in the model proposed in the article , taxation would still be based on income plus taking into account the part of that income that is used for savings by default . 
  that does n't conflict with what i said -- my objection was to the use of a consumption tax , not inputs to that tax . 
   already the case today with regular taxation of income and capital gains etc. 
  well , for the us it is n't , simply because the us is going to tax you anyway unless you give up citizenship , whereas with a consumption tax , it 's intrinsically tied to where you 're doing consumption . 
  but that is n't really what i was getting at . 
  my point was more that you typically need to be in a country to be , say , a doctor in that country . 
  but you do n't need to be in that country to leave and then consume in another country . 
   it 's not important whether income used for consumption is generated actively or passively . 
  what is taxed at the end of the day is the difference between total income and income has n't been consumed . 
  it 's a lot easier for people who have substantial income to move into passive income if taxed at consumption time than at income time . 
    finally , not specific to all consumption taxes but specific to your idea of basing another tax on someone 's wealth , there are a lot of ways to `` hide '' wealth , both legal and illegal . 
    progressive consumption tax would be designed as a withholding tax , just like today 's income tax , so i do n't see the argument here . 
  i 'm not talking about hiding the consumption , but the wealth that you 're using as an input to that consumption . 
    europe has a much larger portion of her tax revenue come from consumption taxes than the us . 
  the us has a much larger portion come from income tax . 
    okay , i did not know that . 
  can you point to any statistics ? 
  i could n't find the page with the nice pie charts that i wanted , but [ this should cover the same material ] ( https://taxfoundation.org/sources-government-revenue-oecd-2014/ ) . 
  without unsc involvement , the un can not have a binding resolution on the matter . 
  [ looks online ] apparently some awkward footwork to avoid having to revise article 9 of the japanese constitution . 
  authorship of article 9 seems to have come from the japanese government , but at the time japan was under us occupation and in a situation where it was trying really hard to convince the united states that it was n't going to start kicking other countries in the nuts any time soon and that really and honestly the us did n't need to take any sort of extreme action to ensure that that did n't happen soon . 
  i 'm kinda suspicious that if there had been no post-war occupation from the us , japan would n't have that clause . 
  in any event , the us was fine with japan building aircraft carriers , i suspect that it 'd be politically-awkward to change the constitution , and so < shrug  whatever works politically . 
  i 'm a little suspicious that germany 's constitution might look somewhat different too , if it was n't worked on while being occupied by the allies . 
   replace `` nato '' with `` military forces provided by a nato member . '', 
  why not `` military forces provided by a signatory of the geneva convention '' , which would be as irrelevant and at least less misleading ? 
   also i would say the us , uk and france are as responsible as they refused to provide ( air ) support . 
  citation required . 
   simultenously general janvier , in command of the nato air assets , had a secret meeting with the serbs in which they agreed nato would not provide air support to srebrenica , in exchange the serbs would release french hostages . 
  nitpick : afaict , janvier was n't in command of nato air assets -- `` in command '' having a specific military meaning -- but part of the un command with the authority to request that nato conduct airstrikes . 
  that is , he could not order nato air assets to do anything , but simply request on behalf of un peacekeeping forces . 
  not sure i understand what you 're getting at ... 
  i 'm not sure whether you 're talking about my comment in particular or ubi in general . 
  if you meant `` how is it possible to have ubi redistribute wealth in a more egalitarian way '' , how a `` left-wing ubi '' would work , it 's that you have to fund ubi . 
  flat spending does n't need to mean flat taxation . 
  so if i tax the poor nothing , the wealthy a lot , and then give out the revenue evenly , i 've redistributed wealth . 
   btw frontex is based in poland would you appreciate people blaming actions taken by eu institutions that happen to have offices in italy on italy ? 
   it 's interesting that the eu did n't support the uk . 
  probably because they 've an interest in taking internationally-popular public positions , regardless of their actual internal preference ? 
   the resolution , though only in favour of obtaining a non-binding legal opinion , is a blow to the uk 's international prestige when you 're pushing a non-binding legal opinion because it 's against a unsc permanent seat who would simply veto it if it had any binding force , and are forced to go to a court that lacks jurisdiction , knowing that the courtry will still continue to ignore it , you 're not doing too much to prestige . 
   and demonstrates the limited diplomatic influence wielded by the british foreign secretary , boris johnson , at the un . 
  it has little to do with boris johnson , and the reason you 're stuffing his name in is because he happens to be a tory and this is a * the guardian * article . 
   most of the 1,500 islanders were deported so that the largest island , diego garcia , could be leased to the us for a strategic airbase in 1971 . 
  the us was one of the few countries that publicly backed the uk over the islands ' fate . 
  the islanders have never been allowed to return home . 
  they 're still not getting another payout from the uk . 
   philipe sands qc , who attended the un debate , and is acting as legal counsel for mauritius , said : `` the vote , passed with an overwhelming majority , sends a strong signal about the un 's attachment to decolonisation . 
  that britain was able to obtain the support of barely a dozen countries , including just four eu members and no permanent member of the security council apart from the us , will , hopefully , give it pause for thought about its position on chagos . 
  * the uk is a permanent member . 
  * i 'm pretty sure that the uk cares about as much about the opinions of a court without jurisdiction as anyone else does . 
   and i must clarify that although i 'm a bit fit , and have long hair rape !, 
  no west indies british empire rum planters to lobby for it any more . 
  would probably have to settle for a scotch ration . 
    europe , what is it with you and your consumption taxes ? 
    what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  europe has a much larger portion of her tax revenue come from consumption taxes than the us . 
  the us has a much larger portion come from income tax . 
   < proposal from * the economist *  i like * the economist * , but if you 're looking for a source of progressive strategies , that is n't exactly where you want to look . 
  * the economist * ai n't what one would call a progressive bastion . 
  the difference between income taxes and consumption taxes is that consumption taxes make it * much * more viable to defer consumption . 
  in that time : * you might move to another country that has low consumption taxes . 
  * you might engage in any number of clever dances to shift assets into way in which you can engage in consumption but they 're in a tax-protected form . 
  * you can shift money into a form where it 's generating passive income . 
  this is advantageous for people who make a lot of money . 
  * finally , not specific to all consumption taxes but specific to your idea of basing another tax on someone 's wealth , there are a lot of ways to `` hide '' wealth , both legal and illegal . 
  all these characteristics are great for people who inherit or make a lot of money , retire , and then can go off and do their own thing . 
  you appear to want a wealth tax . 
  fine . 
  if you can actually accurately assess wealth -- and it 's not trivial , but let 's say that you can do it -- then why pussyfoot around ? 
  just impose a wealth tax . 
  you do n't need a consumption tax that 's somehow bound to a wealth assessment . 
  if you want taxes that are highly-progressive , you want progressive estate taxes ( and plugging clever loopholes in estate taxes ) , capital gains taxes , and income taxes . 
  the very last thing in the world that you want is consumption taxes , which are most-painful for people who are living hand-to-mouth . 
  well , iirc wilson wanted to join and the legislature did n't . 
  < checks wikipedia : yup  such is life in a government with separation of powers . 
  sometimes the ambitions of one are n't shared by the other branches ... 
  the us should probably sign up for unclos , maybe retaining some reservations , but [ the legislature is n't enthusiastic about that either ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_and_the_united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea ) ... 
  why do you think that ? 
  noting in my statement requires a tax to be vat or a sales tax . 
  makes it tough to be am illegal immigrant in germany , or else you pay high prices but ca n't draw from ubi . 
   well . . and then there 's the opposite : how can you assure that if you give more money to the poor they 'll spent it to improve their lives instead of spending it on stupid stuff ? 
  well , the same can be said of anyone spending any money on anything . 
  the question is how well people can be approximated by self-interested , rational , perfectly-informed agents . 
  if they can be closely approximated , markets will tend to work well . 
  if they can not be closely-approximated , there 's no reason to believe that markets will work well . 
  for at least some people on welfare -- say , those who wound up there because of major addiction problems , i believe that the approximation is worse . 
  people may not make decisions that are in their own self-interest ( at least as the outside world sees that interest ) . 
  on the other hand , i do n't know quite where the line to draw is . 
  i doubt that for * everyone * , that is the case . 
  if someone who works in a field that does n't pay all that much , like a pastor , is physically-disabled towards the end of their working life , i can see them winding up on welfare but being perfectly able to act competently and in their own interests . 
  making them a ward of the state in terms of their purchasing habits seems pretty unnecessary . 
  so i 'm willing to believe that giving the poor more control over their purchasing is a good idea in at least some cases where we do not do so today . 
  note that this is n't specific to a * universal * income . 
  the arguments there apply as well to means-tested welfare simply being done by a cash payment . 
  europe , what is it with you and your consumption taxes ? 
  i mean , if you specifically want progressive taxation -- not saying that you * should * have progressive taxation , just saying that if it 's what you want -- great , but they 're one of the least progressive types of tax you could choose . 
   the cynic would say that this proposal is just a vehicle for all eu states to free ride on security guarantees provided by others , i do n't see why it would be more or less vulnerable to free-riding than is the case today . 
  having a single military does n't alone really provide stronger security guarantees than is the existing case , as long as individual members can choose to take part in it or not . 
   `` i had a life-changing experience in my home constituency , '' merkel explained during a question-and-answer session with the audience .
