  when the eaa is in effect , criminal penalties can reach 20 years imprisonment and $ 1 million per violation . 
  administrative monetary penalties can reach $ 11,000 per violation , and $ 120,000 per violation in cases involving items controlled for national security reasons . 
  2014 : criminal : 39 individuals and businesses convicted , $ 137,808,756 in criminal fines , $ 1,318,832 in forfeitures , 568 months of imprisonment civil :44 administrative cases , $ 60,488,000 in administrative penalties ... etc for other years, 
   since its `` cool britannia '' takeoff in the 1990s , london has now kept its status as a world cultural capital for 20 years . 
  lol london : cultural backwater until the 1990s !, 
  i 'd like to know what percentage of the high-priced artwork scene is simply money laundering . 
   to the one thing we share for certain !, 
  well , there 's albania . 
  these things always have left-wing assholes being assholes and trashing the city . 
  should hold 'em somewhere hard to get at . 
  * somewhere very hot or rainy or cold . 
  want to stand outside in death valley at 55 c or -40 c in lapland ? 
  try to firebomb wet cherrapunji , india ? 
  * somewhere with restricted access , like diego garcia . 
   nato has always been more honest with us than the eu has . 
  the eu has been giving us the runaround since 1963 . 
  and they are still making us wait at the door . 
  but we have patience ; we will see what happens . 
  on the `` good faith accession '' point , i agree , and have raised it on here repeatedly -- i think that it 's a very poor carrot to use , since if it 's not offered in good faith it burns eu credibility . 
  credibility is a useful , sometimes indispensible thing to have , and any gains to the eu are really not large and one-off -- saving on whatever would need to be offered to turkey in a good-faith deal is probably not all that important . 
  turkey and the eu will , regardless of the type of relationship they have , probably need to do business with each other . 
  ensuring that their guarantees retain credibility and that they have a history of good faith negotiation is probably useful . 
  i guess the accession is over now , and i think that that was probably the right thing to do if it was n't going to be moving . 
   we are n't just any country . 
  we have a deeply rooted tradition in our state that prevents us from reacting emotionally . 
  before we take a step , we deliberate and calculate . 
  < doubtfully  you have a lot of legal restrictions on not permitting insults , have honor killings ... that sort of insult taboo was associated with a [ culture of honor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_honor_ ( southern_united_states \\ ) ) in the us , and it 's not something that i associate with an expectation of tremendous self control in the face of insult . 
   it 's not only about the security of qatar , but about that of the entire gulf . 
  the americans are also present there , with 9,000 soldiers , as are the french . 
  why are the saudis not bothered by them , but they are bothered by us ? 
  that is unacceptable . 
  first , saudi arabia is n't obligated to host soldiers from any country . 
  the french booted our people out at one point ... second , erdogan , did n't you just do this yourself with german mps visiting german soldiers at incirlik , selectively restricting them ? 
  this seems like a very weak position to be complaining about sa over . 
   the german government believes there was a conspiracy among parts of the g\u00fclen movement , but that it was n't centrally controlled by the g\u00fclen movement . 
  they believe it was a coup attempt by g\u00fclen members , kemalists and opportunists , and that no more than 8,000 soldiers participated . 
  that is what german intelligence has learned so far . 
  that 's probably the most-plausible explanation and more-or-less in line with my guess . 
  if gulenists were not involved , turkey would not have publicly claimed that they were -- it would not hold together over time . 
  if gulen was directing it , the us would have extradited him . 
   erdo\u011fan : there is no death penalty in turkey . 
  do n't invent excuses !, 
  i gave ms. merkel 4,500 files . 
  you have to extradite these terrorists to turkey . 
  the `` i sent n files , they 're guilty '' thing was being applied to the us too . 
  that is not a metric of guilt . 
  they * personally * have to have broken a law , and the onus is on turkey to demonstrate that fact . 
  this is not an unusual or unreasonable standard , and any country that wants to maintain a reputation for providing sanctuary honestly is not going to want to hand people over purely as a political favor . 
  i dislike the purges in turkey , but ultimately , you have the authority to conduct them and turks voted to put you in a position to do so . 
  in my eyes , that 's crummy but a turkish internal matter . 
  however , you can not ask other countries to participate . 
  that 's pretty in common with any form of law . 
  if you 're trying to imply that those three normally do n't follow international law , that 's certainly not the case . 
  everything listed for trump is more-or-less a vague non-action . 
  no , trump is there because he 's doing the political rounds , and he needs a second try at not going off-script in europe . 
   one of the problems is that the eu wants a special court for legal disputes ( remember ceta and ttip ? ) . 
  afaik , all existing eu ftas ( all the ones i have looked at at any rate ) use isds . 
  it 's not something to be concerned about . 
  looks like turkey won the chicken game for who breaks things off first . 
  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2015/05/17/george-w-bush-c-students-president-graduation/27488795/  bush was serious during the speech and humorous . 
  he encouraged students to stand up for their religious freedoms and also poked fun at his lackluster grades in college and painting skills . 
    he told the students regardless of grade point average , they should be proud . 
    `` to those of you who are graduating this afternoon with high honors , awards and distinctions , i say , ` well done . ', 
  and as i like to tell the c students : you too , can be president . '', 
  that was maybe endearing a decade ago . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/12/15/ar2008121502926.html they did get fines . 
  the us fined them $ 800 million and germany fined them another $ 800 million . 
  well , i 'm assuming that it would be taken as an endorsement of the project , and assuming that the poles did not want to endorse it . 
  jesus christ , dude . 
  edit : ah , you 're not german . 
  it was apparently a radioactive tracer . 
  it violated ethics rules to have done it without permission , but it was n't medically-significant . 
  https://mobile.nytimes.com/1998/01/01/us/settlement-reached-in-suit-over-radioactive-oatmeal-experiment.html if you want a good example of a rather nastier form , though : http://www.nytimes.com/1994/01/13/opinion/doctors-of-death.html, 
  well , siemens is a company , not a country . 
  unless there was explicit state involvement to try to create a loophole , i do n't think that it reflects poorly on national will . 
  http://khpg.org/en/index.php?id=1481580506 there were articles about this some time back . 
  i posted this link in another article where this came up :  vedomosti reported back on june 30 , 2015 that siemens gas turbine technologies llc , a st petersburg subsidiary of siemens , was set to provide gas turbines for a new power station in crimea . 
  the deal was supposed to have been reached in spring with the siemens turbines officially contracted for a station on the taman peninsula ( krasnodar region , russia ) but in fact destined for crimea . 
    vedomosti 's unnamed sources suggested a conscious fiddle with the alleged new power station in taman used as a smoke screen . 
  the turbines were to be purchased by technopromexport , a subsidiary of rostec which russia contracted a year ago to build power stations in simferopol and sevastopol , with 25 billion roubles of the cost funded by the russian state . 
    siemens dismissed the allegations , and insisted that its joint venture was making turbines for a separate taman power station . 
  reuters , however , reported in early august 2016 that three separate sources had told them that builders of two power plants in occupied crimea were finalizing plans to install the siemens turbines . 
  `` the sources , who were all familiar with the technical details of the plants , said they are compatible only with siemens turbines . '' that being said , as long as siemens is following the letter of the law -- which they may well be -- well , it 's not on them to follow its spirit . 
  the people crafting and imposing sanctions are responsible for making the letter and spirit link up . 
  if they have not done that , that 's really where the fix needs to be . 
  [ global map , for more perspective ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:sunshine.png ), 
  not just a story . 
  real incident . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kramatorsk_radiological_accident  the kramatorsk radiological accident was a radiation accident that happened in kramatorsk , ukrainian ssr from 1980 to 1989 . 
  in 1989 , a small capsule containing highly radioactive caesium-137 was found inside the concrete wall of an apartment building , with a surface gamma radiation exposure dose rate of 1800 r/year . 
  [ 1 ]   it is believed that the source , originally a part of a measurement device ( most likely a level meter ) , was lost in the late 1970s and ended up mixed with material used to construct the building in 1980 . 
  [ 2 ]   over 9 years , two families lived in the apartment . 
  by the time the capsule was discovered , 6 residents of the building had died from leukemia and 17 more had received varying doses of radiation . 
  the accident was detected only after the residents requested that the level of radiation be measured in the apartment by a health physicist . 
    the address where the accident occurred is gvardeytsiv kantemirovtsiv street , building 7 , apartment 85 , between apartments 85 and 52 . 
  [ 3 ] edit : i 'd like to add that after the soviet union broke up , a lot of radiological incidents that had been secret were released , so it was possible to compare a lot of how bad or egregious radiological incidents were . 
  i think that by-and-large , the radiological incidents we had stateside were less fucked-up , but this one in texas was pretty concerning ( not in scale , but ... well , you 'll see ) : http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/nuclear/radevents/1972usa1.html  date : ~ 8 april-october 1972   location : harris county , texas , united states   type of event : use of radioactive material in intentional assault on an individual   description :   a man used radioactive sources to intentionally irradiate his 11-year-old son on multiple occasions . 
  the man had limited visitation rights following divorce from the child 's mother in 1971 . 
  he obtained capsules from one or two cesium-137 oil and gas well logging sources , each 1-2 curie , which he was licensed to use with a company . 
  from april to october 1972 he used the capsules in 5 to 8 instances against his son .
