   `` there is a risk that those using these child sex dolls or realistic props could become desensitized and their behavior becomes normalized to them , so that they go on to harm children themselves , as is often the case with those who view indecent images , '' said jon brown of the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children . 
  the `` pornography desensitizes people so contributes to sex crimes '' theory was popular in the us some decades back . 
  research has tended to find no correlation or negative correlation . 
  two overview papers from the university of hawaii that link to a number of studies : [ pornography , rape and sex crimes in japan ] ( http://www.hawaii.edu/pcss/biblio/articles/1961to1999/1999-pornography-rape-sex-crimes-japan.html )  within japan itself , the dramatic increase in available pornography and sexually explicit materials is apparent to even a casual observer . 
  this is concomitant with a general liberalization of restrictions on other sexual outlets as well . 
  also readily apparent from the information presented is that , over this period of change , sex crimes in every category , from rape to public indecency , sexual offenses from both ends of the criminal spectrum , significantly decreased in incidence . 
    most significantly , despite the wide increase in availability of pornography to children , not only was there a decrease in sex crimes with juveniles as victims but the number of juvenile offenders also decreased significantly . 
    these findings are similar to , but are even more striking than , those reported with the rise of sexually explicit materials in denmark , sweden and west germany . 
  [ pornography and sex crimes in the czech republic ] ( http://www.hawaii.edu/pcss/biblio/articles/2010to2014/2010-porn-in-czech-republic.html ), 
  my guess is that right now , the largest reason keeping people in place in the eu are the language barriers . 
  unemployment does n't measure available job slots to workers , but rather workers who are n't working . 
  it could very well be that there are jobs that they could be doing , but having connected up with them ( or do n't want to do them , etc ) . 
    are the figures correct ? 
  unemployment this low should mean rapidly growing wages . 
    no , wages will grow rapidly when the economy starts being propelled by skill-intensive , high added value labour . 
  the market only cares about supply and demand . 
  skill is not intrinsically interesting other than it how it affects supply . 
  if there 's a rising demand relative to supply , wages should also be rising . 
   considering that the uk has been trashing its industry and agriculture for the last 50 years , i do n't see it happening . 
  you do n't have the tools , the men , the knowledge anymore , it 's as simple as that . 
  in the us , manufacturing has risen in value . 
  however , the number of people that it has employed has dropped : there 's less manual labor on assembly lines and more running machines . 
  i will bet that the same is true of the uk : people say that `` manufacturing has gone overseas '' , when what they should really say is `` low-skill labor manufacturing has gone overseas '' . 
  let 's check : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manufacturing_in_the_united_kingdom yup :  in the later part of the 19th century , a second phase developed which is sometimes known as the second industrial revolution . 
  germany and later the united states , which made use of the american system of manufacturing , caught up and overtook britain as the world 's largest manufacturers in the early 20th century . 
  nonetheless , britain remained one of the largest industrial producers . 
  by the middle of the century , in 1948 , manufacturing ( including utilities and oil and gas extraction ) made up 48 % of the uk economy . 
  in the post-war decades , manufacturing began to lose its competitive advantage and heavy industry experienced a relative decline . 
  by 2013 , the percentage of manufacturing in the economy ( including utilities and oil and gas extraction ) had fallen to 13 % , replaced by services which had risen from 46 % to 79 % over the same period . 
  [ 8 ]   this trend is common in all mature western economies . 
  [ 9 ] heavy industry , employing many thousands of people and producing large volumes of low-value goods ( such as steelmaking ) has either become highly efficient ( producing the same amount of output from fewer manufacturing sites employing fewer people ; for example , productivity in the uk 's steel industry increased by a factor of 8 between 1978 and 2006 [ 10 ] ) or has been replaced by smaller industrial units producing high-value goods ( such as the aerospace and electronics industries ) . 
  [ 11 ]   ** although the manufacturing sector 's share of both employment and the uk 's gdp has steadily fallen since the 1960s , data from the oecd shows that manufacturing output in terms of both production and value has steadily increased since 1945 . 
  ** a 2009 report from pricewaterhousecoopers , citing data from the uk office for national statistics , stated that manufacturing output ( gross value added at 2007 prices ) has increased in 35 of the 50 years between 1958 and 2007 , and output in 2007 was at record levels , approximately double that in 1958 . 
   it seems the services based economy is faltering in the eyes of investors , while services will still work , the demand for them will reduce outside the eu . 
  for this reason they are moving instead to exports and manufacturing . 
  hmm . 
  are you making this statement based on the frequency of news media coverage ? 
  because there 's been a bunch of coverage of the uptick in manufacturing , and mostly articles talking about how some banks are shifting employees . 
  but that 's not necessarily representative of what the opinion of investors is . 
  if you can show that manufacturing companies are seeing their stock prices tend to rise and services tend to fall , that 'd be compelling . 
  i 'd be suspicious of just frequency of news articles , because those are n't a random sampling . 
  for papers with political leanings , they 've got political reasons to write things . 
  they operate off press releases , which businesses write for their own business reasons . 
  they tend to echo each other , so anything that comes up will tend to be amplified . 
  i am not sad , because i 'd rather have the comfort than people dressed snappily . 
  if people * want * to dress up in classic style , [ they can certainly do so , and some do ] ( http://www.thefedoralounge.com/threads/what-hat-are-you-wearing-today.19520/ ) ... but the bulk of people out there seem to choose not to do so . 
  also , i think that some of it might be how long people spent outdoors . 
  the hat was outdoor wear -- you removed it when you came indoors . 
  today , more people are working at offices and traveling by car or mass transit . 
  you do n't really need a hat to shield you from the sun or rain if you 're rarely actually outside . 
  check out one of the swastika flags in the background . 
  it looks kinda like a nazi flag , but it has a 90 degree rather than 45 degree swastika , and it 's left-facing instead of right-facing -- more like the buddhist symbol . 
  i wonder if someone screwed up , or someone was making a political statement , or what . 
  i am not sad to see the demise of the hat as a `` must wear '' accessory . 
  shock therapy . 
  electrocution means `` killing with electricity '' . 
   surprising insight from the next us president while i have n't been paying much attention to pence , i would imagine that this is probably for the purpose of domestic politics : distancing himself from trump . 
   they absolutely support my claim of the persistent whitewashing of the perception in the us of the event of the vietnam war . 
  its directly call out in them how its common to gloss over the suffering of the vietnamese and focus on the american soldiers . 
  it specifically states this . 
  you claimed positions on not acknowledging massacres and not acknowledging contaminated agent orange causing birth defects . 
  they do * not * support this . 
  i 'd also add that howard zinn is a political activist , well outside the mainstream . 
   fbi assassinations such as ? 
   or northwood you could , but given that operation northwood never happened , that 'd make for a pretty poor example . 
   i 'm not comparing it at all because the vietnam war was the invasion and massacre of a innocent country for geopolitical goals , while the `` great patriotic war '' was the soviet union defending themselves against a coalition of agressors led by germany who expliticly stated the goal to exterminate them all . 
  first , the vietnam war did have massacres . 
  it was not a massacre . 
  second , this is what you wrote above . 
  you were very much comparing the positions on the two :  russias one-sided view of the great patriotic war is not particularly unusual or unique in any way , nor the prerogative of autocrats . 
  just look no further than how the french see the napoleonic conquests . 
  or , even if its a tired horse to beat , how the u.s. see most of their wars like in vietnam . 
  the two links you provided do not support your claims above . 
   the very fact on how ridiculously defensive you and others get about the whole matter is the biggest sign of what attitude i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't think that it 's `` ridiculously defensive '' . 
  you make claims , you 're liable to be called on them . 
   look , i 've been to the us , i spend there quite some time in a student exchange and i got a slice of insight into how things are taught and processed over there . 
  cool . 
  i 'm telling you that your image is incorrect . 
   the simple fact is that the us , due to opportunity , asimply commited more atrocities than any other countriy , both on foreign and its own population . 
  i suppose it depends upon your metric for `` atrocity '' . 
   just look at mk-ultra . 
  nominally people are aware it was a thing , and yet they will still act shocked about putin assassinating someone as if that were something completly unheard of and impossible in the us . 
  i do n't see how you connect mkultra to extraterritorial assassinations . 
   but really , this is not about the us , just country with the most recent examples . 
  i do n't know anything about the french elections and their debate on colonialism . 
  but that 's not what i 'm objecting to . 
  i 'm saying that you are making claims about american views on vietnam that i am saying are wrong . 
   the wehrmacht was n't any better or worse than any other army in that war i wo n't go that far , because i think that there are clearly some ways in which various armies are better-behaved than others , albeit perhaps in substantial part by circumstance . 
  i do n't think that the luxembourgian military can be compared to the german one , for example . 
  and when you go find an example of a school that does n't cover it , then you 'll have some basis for your statements . 
  right now , you 're attempting to equate russia 's position on the `` great patriotic war '' with the us position on vietnam , and i 'm saying that you 're full of shit . 
   people talking about how it was a `` bad '' war is very different from acknowledging the massacres and the fact that to this day children in vietnam are stillborn or are born crippled due to the chemical poisoning of us chemical agents . 
  my lai and the effects of tainted agent orange were both in my high school textbook . 
  i do n't think that you have a very accurate understanding of america . 
  pence is just a social conservative . 
  trump was not a social conservative , so he needed someone to bolster that side of the ticket . 
  hell , germany took [ 13 days to conquer crete ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_crete ) , alone , much less greece . 
  and ? 
  tonkin was * not * a false flag .
