  guisan 's forces could not have stood up to hitler 's forces in a straight-up fight . 
  if he * had * sent the swiss army to fight the german one in an all-in fight , he 'd simply have lost , you 're right . 
  that was why he intended to deny germany that fight . 
  it was n't that hitler lacked bombers or howitzers , but that they are n't clearly useful . 
  let 's say that germany marches in . 
  they occupy the swiss cities . 
  now , a week in , a resupply truck coming to supply a german outpost is attacked and the supplies taken . 
  you are the officer in charge of the occupation . 
  what do you do ? 
  do you place more soldiers on the convoys ? 
  you 're steadily dragging in more resources , and your opponent will simply choose to attack something that you are n't strong at . 
  do you make use of collective punishment , violate the geneva convention ? 
  now you 're pissing off more of the population , that-which-outnumbers you . 
  you have to win hearts and minds . 
  sure , your tank may stop a bullet , but nobody 's going to stand and shoot at your soldiers when they 're in tanks . 
  your soldiers have to get out . 
  the us probably does more-or-less all of the stuff that one might suggest as a counter -- have rapidly-available air support for patrols that get attacked . 
  build a huge , protected base for soldiers to stay in . 
  use extensive intelligence . 
  have guarded resupply convoys . 
  and yet , against the far-less-well-armed and far-less-populous groups , there 's still a slog . 
  norway presently has 5.2 million people , so 160,000 eur per norwegian . 
  i 'd guess that both sides want the other to `` be responsible '' for breaking the accession process . 
  either * could * do it at any time , but neither really suffers from having it exist . 
  well ... think about what that might mean , and whether you 'd want to be part of such a nato . 
  i do n't think that that would be much of an improvement from a us standpoint . 
  sure , the us could maybe veto turkish action in a hypothetical `` nato members ca n't do things that other nato members do n't like '' ... but , then , turkey would also veto us action . 
  that would tend to be more of a limitation for the us than anyone else , as the us has and thus would sacrifice the most freedom of military action . 
  i mean , if what you 're thinking is `` what turkey 's doing is annoying from a us standpoint , and i wish they 'd just do something that does n't conflict with what * we * want '' , they probably are n't going to want to sign up for something like that , so you would n't have a nato . 
  got ta create a structure that 's mutually-advantageous to all members . 
  further , that 's a very tight level of integration . 
  doing something like that would to at least some degree force alignment of foreign policy . 
  the eu is a more-homogenous group of countries , and they * still * do n't have common foreign policy . 
  it would also introduce states leveraging nato membership as a club in unrelated disputes ( e.g. 
  greece wants macedonia to change its name to something not macedonia and wants france to pressure macedonia so blocks france from taking action in mali ) . 
  basically ... nato 's a defensive military alliance , and i think that that 's why it 's been successful . 
  if it suffered from scope creep , if it started having members have some mechanism for blocking military action by others or did some of the other things i 've seen people suggested , i think that it would invariably do things that would irritate the hell out of members . 
  i saw someone suggest on here , a year or so ago when the migrant crisis was worse , that nato act as law enforcement/border control in the migrant migration crisis !, 
  i definitely do not want us soldiers -- not trained as a whole for law enforcement -- acting as law enforcement . 
  do it in europe , and the same guy saying `` this is a great idea '' would be furious the first time an international incident showed up in the news . 
  that is a recipe for political fiasco . 
  and remember that forcing turkey on this would not be seen as a friendly action . 
  i do n't understand all us interests in syria , but turkey 's got a clear one -- they do n't want to have a state bordering them that is interested in trying to produce secession of part of turkey . 
  that 's a pretty substantial concern . 
  you can hardly expect them to just ignore it . 
  you probably want `` penetrate '' , not `` permeate '' . 
  i do n't understand your point -- he 's not saying that russia broke into anything , but that russia is providing arms . 
  can we not claim credit for * everything * that germany does ? 
  i mean , everyone 's made a ton of world war ii video games , and the ussr used the great patriotic war as a political unifier . 
  i do n't think that this is all that exciting or should be read as `` invading berlin is imminent '' . 
  we do [ world war ii re-enactments too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa0tmadl9qw ) . 
  nah , they had the `` good guy '' tag in the us public at least since the early 1990s , when us media was critical of the us for not sending in the military to support the kurds after a kurdish uprising subsequent to encouragement from bush and the kurds eventually got badly clobbered by hussein : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991_uprisings_in_iraq  on february 15 , 1991 , then president of the united states of america , george h. w. bush , made a speech targeting iraqis via voice of america radio . 
  hoping to incite a swift military coup to topple saddam hussein , bush stated : [ 7 ]    there is another way for the bloodshed to stop : and that is , for the iraqi military and the iraqi people to take matters into their own hands and force saddam hussein , the dictator , to step aside and then comply with the united nations ' resolutions and rejoin the family of peace-loving nations . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] -  another wave of insurgency broke out shortly afterwards in the kurdish populated northern iraq . 
  unlike the spontaneous rebellion in the south , the uprising in the north was organized by two rival kurdish party-based militias : primarily the patriotic union of kurdistan ( puk ) and to a lesser extent the kurdistan democratic party ( kdp ) . 
  in the north , the defection of the government-recruited kurdish home guard militias , known as jash , gave a considerable force to the rebellion . 
  -  soon , regime loyalists regrouped and went on an offensive to reclaim the cities . 
  they were helped by the fact that about half of tanks of the elite and politically reliable republican guard managed to escape from the saddam-proclaimed `` mother of all battles '' [ 22 ] in kuwait and that the guard headquarters units also survived the war . 
  in addition , the gulf war ceasefire agreement of march 3 prohibited the iraqi military 's use of fixed-wing aircraft over the country , but allowed them to fly helicopters because most bridges had been destroyed . 
  [ 23 ] this was because general norman schwarzkopf accepted the request of an iraqi general to fly helicopters , including armed gunships , to transport government officials because of destroyed transport infrastructure , acting without pentagon or white house instructions ; almost immediately , the iraqis began using the helicopters as gunships to put down the uprisings . 
  [ 24 ] the outgunned rebels had few heavy weapons and few surface-to-air missiles , which made them almost defenseless against helicopter gunships and indiscriminate artillery barrages when the ba'athists responded to the uprisings with crushing force . 
  according to human rights watch , `` in their attempts to retake cities , and after consolidating control , loyalist forces killed thousands of anyone who opposes them whether a rebel or a civilian by firing indiscriminately into the opposing areas ; executing them on the streets , in homes and in hospitals ; rounding up suspects , especially young men , during house-to-house searches , and arresting them with or without charge or shooting them en masse ; and using helicopters to attack those who try to flee the cities . 
  '' [ 25 ] -  many iraqi and american critics accused president george h. w. bush and his administration of encouraging and abandoning the rebellion after halting coalition forces at iraq 's southern border with kuwait at the end of the gulf war . 
  [ 15 ] [ 33 ] in 1996 , colin powell , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , admitted in his book my american journey that , while bush 's rhetoric `` may have given encouragement to the rebels '' , `` our practical intention was to leave baghdad enough power to survive as a threat to iran that remained bitterly hostile toward the united states . 
  '' [ 10 ] coalition commander norman schwarzkopf , jr has expressed regret for negotiating a ceasefire agreement that allowed iraq to keep using helicopters , but also suggested a move to support the uprisings would have empowered iran . 
  [ 41 ] bush 's national security adviser , brent scowcroft , told abc 's peter jennings `` i frankly wished [ the uprisings ] had n't happened ... we certainly would have preferred a coup . 
  turkey 's under no obligation * not * to bomb the people as far as nato goes . 
  nato requires that members respond when members are attacked . 
  it does not require that members must act together or even respect each other 's wishes in all their military actions . 
  you could as equally say that turkey could complain about the us 's take -- from turkey 's standpoint , a kurdistan on their border would be a potential future source of headaches . 
   we 're a society based on trust i 'd easily say the same , but to support the opposite point -- that an adult should be trusted to own and operate a firearm , same as an automobile or other things that require responsibility , and that it requires distrust of the citizenry to deny that responsibility . 
  like , i think that reducing the issue to `` it 's a matter of civility '' is a beautified form of `` it violates my social norms '' . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that , at least if you 're talking about your social norms -- people do n't necessarily like people fiddling with their social norms . 
  but in this case , we 're talking about swiss social norms , and people trying to fiddle with them , not people forcing permissive firearm laws on germans . 
  they did nothing illegal , and that 's exactly why they did that . 
  it 's not illegal to construct a base on a reef . 
  it 's illegal to claim the waters around an artificial island , as they have no legal waters , and we 've continued to deny claims on the water that they make . 
  what would you propose , say `` well , that 's legal , but i do n't like it , so i 'm going to drop a cruise missile on it '' ? 
  no , even guns designed with the purpose of shooting people are n't designed with the intent of murder -- killing is n't equivalent to murder . 
   invading army in world war i , germany tried [ convincing mexico to invade the united states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zimmermann_telegram ) . 
  at that time , the mexican government had the military evaluate the viability . 
  the military 's take was negative for several reasons :  mexican president venustiano carranza assigned a military commission to assess the feasibility of the mexican takeover of their former territories contemplated by germany . 
  [ 6 ] the general concluded that it would be neither possible nor even desirable to attempt such an enterprise for the following reasons :   * the united states was far stronger militarily than mexico was . 
  no serious scenarios existed under which mexico could win a war against the united states . 
    * germany 's promises of `` generous financial support '' were very unreliable . 
  the german government had already informed carranza in june 1916 that they were unable to provide the necessary gold needed to stock a completely independent mexican national bank . 
  [ 7 ] even if mexico received financial support , the arms , ammunition , and other needed war supplies would presumably have to be purchased from the abc nations ( argentina , brazil , and chile ) , which would strain relations with them , as explained below . 
    * even if by some chance mexico had the military means to win a conflict against the united states and reclaim the territories in question , ** mexico would have severe difficulty accommodating a large english-speaking population that was better supplied with arms than most populations ** . 
    * other foreign relations were at stake . 
  the abc nations organized the niagara falls peace conference in 1914 to avoid a full-scale war between the united states and mexico over the united states occupation of veracruz . 
  if mexico were to enter war against the united states , it would strain relations with those nations . 
  in world war ii , germany considered invading switzerland ( note : in fairness , switzerland was specifically-leveraging germany 's inability to tie down troops for a lengthy conflict due to having other military concerns ; one might argue that this was somewhat-situational ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henri_guisan  on 25 july 1940 , general guisan delivered a historic address to the entire swiss officer corps assembled on the r\u00fctli , a location charged with symbolism in swiss romantic nationalism by virtue of being identified as the site of the r\u00fctlischwur of 1291 . 
  guisan became a symbol of resistance to nazism that was widespread amongst the swiss public . 
  [ 6 ]   he made it very clear that switzerland would resist any nazi invasion . 
  if they ran out of bullets they were to resort to the bayonet . 
  he said that switzerland would defend itself against any invader and would never surrender . 
  [ 5 ] the swiss government had a decentralised structure , so even the federal president was a relatively powerless official with no authority to surrender the country . 
  indeed , swiss citizens had been instructed to regard any surrender broadcast as enemy lies and resist to the end . 
    as a consequence , general guisan developed his famous r\u00e9duit national concept in summer 1940 , according to which the swiss army would have retreated into the alps relatively soon if attacked , but would have kept up resistance based on some sort of guerrilla and stay-behind tactics from there . 
  the swiss paramilitary organization aktion nationaler widerstand ( resistant national action ) , formed from contacts between selected army figures and conservative civilian circles , had the explicit task to persuade the civilian population to resist invaders .
