  she knows that russia 's going to hurt her to some degree over this . 
  is ensuring via policy that ukrainian houses are warm one way or another that much of an unacceptable burden ? 
  i know , ukraine 's not an eu member , not yet , even if she hopes to be . 
  but she did expose herself to risk in choosing to trust that she 'd find partnership on the west . 
   like the refugee relocation scheme ? 
  it 's a fair point . 
  i do n't personally much like * quid pro quo * on security . 
  and i think that the concern is less `` we wo n't support germany '' as `` we wo n't support germany if we do n't believe that the policy will work and the cost is open-ended . '', 
  but it 's true that germany has had a major ask recently where she asked for a hand and nobody did much . 
  germany * did * commit funds eastward . 
  i do n't know what ee would do in that situation -- how many refugees a pipeline is worth . 
  what the eu is doing is applying sanctions -- refusing to do business with russia in some area . 
  blockading is a different and much more severe matter -- that is blocking any ships of anyone , even other countries , from reaching russia . 
  it 's normally considered an act of war . 
  the eu is not blockading russia . 
  i do n't know that germany could be said to be undermining diversification for anyone except maybe themselves ( shutting down coal and nuclear electrical production concurrently ) , unless there 's something else going on that i 'm not aware of . 
  however , bypassing poland and ukraine simply means that russia can take the most-favorable of distribution partners and terms offered by those partners . 
  today , russia must deal with poland and ukraine . 
  that 's a closer approximation to the bloc purchasing that i think would probably be in eu interests . 
  ukraine in particular is not in good shape to bear that load . 
  the eu is less-influential if pressure can be applied to individual countries . 
  secondly , being a pipeline provider provides ukraine with some modicum of influence in the eu -- and it has precious few guarantees or cards to hand . 
  they have more than enough problems to deal with with a lukewarm conflict and occupation of part of the country , plus economy in the pits . 
  i could understand germany asking the us to share financial load . 
  i do n't think that `` russia is a problem for poland and ukraine to solve , and they can go deal with it on their lonesome '' is a good way to go . 
  at some point germany is going to also want their support for things , and this is pretty important for eastern europe . 
  several major eu member dislike the fact that the us legislature just passed sanctions that amount to being against companies that participate in nord stream 2 . 
  nord stream 2 would tend to weaken ukraine and poland 's financial and political situation in the eu , and leave them potentially much more vulnerable to political pressure to russia . 
  germany , france , and the netherlands all have companies who stand to benefit from involvement . 
  germany would gain political influence wrt ukraine and poland , as it would be the new supplier . 
  i would assume that one or all of these countries are the ones objecting . 
  what 's greece , then ? 
  i hope this is n't a return to the flood of `` is europe doomed ? '', 
  articles that this sub used to see some months back . 
   sounds like elitist and ageist to me it does n't to me . 
  i understand that there are substantial demographic splits in pis and po support on both points . 
  well , his follow-up post did . 
  the initial post only said `` democracy '' . 
  i certainly do think that the uk is a * de facto * democracy : all meaningful decisions are made by elected representatives , not the queen . 
  the question of whether the uk is still a monarchy in a meaningful sense , given that the monarch has essentially no remaining political power and any attempts on her part to change that would doubtless be halted by parliament , that she does n't really control the military that theoretically answers to her ... well ... 
  yes , on paper , parliament exists under her . 
  but in practice ? 
  there was a slow-motion revolution . 
  i do n't know where the dividing line is , but mine is when the queen would lose in a contest of political power with parliament over control of the country . 
  < thinks  i 'd say that the uk does not , as far as i am aware , have meaningful separation of powers . 
  it uses a parliamentary system , so the executive and the legislative portion are merged . 
  it has essentially no restrictions on what parliment may do , so the judiciary is not independent from the legislature . 
  a party that holds a simple majority of the legislature can do essentially whatever it wants , as it controls the executive and can rewrite the laws that apply to the judiciary ; all strictures guaranteeing independence -- which do exist -- have no more legal hold than any other laws , so they act as gudelines to a legislature , as british legal doctrine is that parliament may not bind future parliaments . 
  judicial independence exists merely as a convention in the uk , because the british legislature has chosen not to use its powers irresponsibly . 
  my guess is that this may change in the future , but at the moment , they have a pretty free hand . 
  you are n't going to give the public a series of lectures on microeconomics . 
  what you have is a limited number of sound notes to sell people on you , given their understandings and beliefs . 
   europe will always have this problem always is a long time . 
  assuming no member leaves , i would expect that eventually wages for the same piece of work will tend to flatten out to some degree due to economic convergence . 
  could well be true , but that does n't really conflict with his claim . 
  he 's not claiming that they should or should n't be more concerned by it , just that they are . 
  yes . 
  but tariff-free trade access , which is not equivalent to single market membership , does not normally require the four freedoms . 
  you can have a democracy without separation of powers . 
  it may or may not be a good way to do things , but it 's not * intrinsically * unworkable . 
  if it 's going to include all the french islands plus french guiana , you 're going to have a lot of insets . 
   a second bill would allow the minister of justice to freely dismiss any chief judge of the general courts in the six months after the law 's passing . 
  this is the one that is not vetoed . 
  how many judges does this involve ? 
  is this 1/7th of the judiciary or something like that ? 
  * [ the suit is essentially dead here ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2017/05/history-of-business-casual/526014/ ) as daily business wear for nearly all workers . 
  some positions in a very conservative field like finance , or if you 're an undertaker . 
  some diplomatic positions . 
  it sounds like [ you guys in the uk are following the same trajectory ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/fashion-and-style/11210809/the-five-types-of-men-who-still-wear-suits-to-work.html ) , albeit more slowly . 
  * suits are n't uniforms -- in fact , as a way to display wealth disparity , they 're probably one of the more-capable tools . 
  so , adults also have wealth disparity . 
  if you 're worried that someone might wear expensive clothing , do you think that adults should be issued a standard uniform as well ? 
  if not , why ? 
   obviously it does n't work on some formats , including the app . 
  there are numerous apps that access reddit . 
  some may very well have bugs . 
  apparently yours does . 
  i am sorry about that . 
  on the website , which is the standard environment , it works fine . 
  i would suggest using a non-buggy app , like redreader , which can handle them . 
  you are incorrect if you are talking about labor as a whole . 
  as i 've said repeatedly now , it can certainly weaken negotiating power of a particular group of workers . 
   if there 's no adequate public transport or bike lanes , people will not take the bus or ride a bike . 
  and if there 's not sufficient demand for public transport , people will not use public transport , and if there 's not sufficient demand to bicycle , funding dedicated bicycle transport areas will not be built . 
  i live ( unusually ) in an area that actually * does * have some substantial dedicated bike commuting capability separate from roads . 
  people do use it , to a very limited degree , but the vast bulk of people drive cars . 
  things like buses can scale up and down pretty easily . 
  people do n't pack buses . 
  and the us as a whole is a huge set of test cases , and they 're pretty consistent . 
  the difference between the us and europe is simple : more money , more space -- that 's a relaxing of restrictions imposed by the environment in the us . 
  people choose not to use mass transit much in the us , with the exception of the highest-density areas in the us , like around nyc . 
  we , as a collective group , are not the ones being constrained by environmental factors in our transit decisions . 
  you are . 
  you personally may like that . 
  that 's fine . 
  but if your criticism is that the us is not building infrastructure to do what the us public as a whole wants , there i disagree . 
  and further , i would point out that when germans have immigrated to the us in the past , once they do n't have the space and funding constraints , * they * do n't wind up all packing into mass transit * either * . 
  now , maybe you think `` well , maybe that 's what americans want , but they are * wrong * . 
  they should , as a whole , want what * i * want them to want . '', 
  fine , but then you 're a long way from an `` insufficient infrastructure '' argument , because they 're building the infrastructure for a car-based system , which is what they want .
