  that 's how they prune away things that they should n't be doing . 
  well , [ laugh tracks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laugh_track ) and canned applause go way back . 
  means that you do n't need to hassle with a live audience . 
   baltic sprats , who enthusiastically helped impose bolshevism on russia hmm . 
  could you expand ? 
  you mean [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latvian_riflemen ) ? 
   stop feeding the caucuses '' movement there are food subsidies of some sort ? 
  he does have a point in that you 're both referring to your own experiences , though . 
  i mean , i think that russia could have done a lot better coming out of communism than was the case , but theory is n't exactly concrete or compelling to someone living the reality , and the reality was that things were pretty bad for a while . 
   as long as they could get their snout in the privatisation through if privatization is done without favoritism , it does n't benefit any one party , and it certainly is n't disadvantageous to a country . 
  the us has quite few things state-run -- we 'd hardly be doing that ourselves if there was a belief that industry being private rather than state-run were a negative . 
  it was russian figures who purchased that industry in russia . 
  if the entire goal was some sort of policy advantageous to the us and disadvantageous to russia that involved purchasing assets below market rate , why would n't people in the us be buying them ? 
  actually , comparative textbook coverage from different countries of various historical events would be interesting . 
  i do n't believe i 've seen that done before . 
  iirc from discussion on / r/ukpolitics , the discussion was about the orders he would give for a second strike . 
  that 's a legitimate point of criticism -- the right response would be `` i would regret doing it , but i would be willing to order our nuclear submarines to launch against a country that attacked us '' , and he did n't give it . 
  granted , the reason for the question being asked of him was to make him be forced into a position of hypocrisy , as he 'd campaigned against nuclear weapons without qualifying their use , but it still was n't the right answer . 
  [ austerity ? 
  ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/334/uk-economy/uk-national-debt/ ) it looks like the brits increased national debt by about 40 % of gdp after the financial crisis , [ about the same as we did ] ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/gfdegdq188s ) ... and we were considered to be taking the `` big spending '' approach . 
  no dispute there . 
  `` ruled '' ? 
  cleansed ? 
  the commonwealth realm ? 
  perhaps you should amend your clearly-incorrect initial statement to say `` old colonies in which there is no -- to a greater or lesser degree -- anglo or germanic or western european population and in which there is some specific point of contention with the uk * all hate the uk * '' and we can start examining how well and in which countries that holds up instead ? 
  windmills are gon na have to be a lot of it . 
  can still use natural gas too , i guess -- just not from fracking , but from russia . 
   `` unlike the admiral kuznetsov aircraft carrier , fitted with air-defence , anti-submarine and , most importantly , granit anti-ship missile systems , the british aircraft carrier is just a convenient , large maritime target , '' he said . 
  i dunno what brit qe carrier usage is like yet , but i 'd assume that it will operate with escorts responsible for providing air defense and anti-submarine warfare , letting the carriers focus on aircraft . 
  national review is about the only publication i can think of that loves trump . 
  it 's not a gray area . 
  it 's infringement . 
  i mean , i * like * it , but it 's infringement . 
  he 's has acted in a hostile manner to countries that we are friendly with . 
  he has been divisive rather than unifying on domestic matters . 
  his communications are self-contradictory and juvenile in the extreme . 
  he has adovcated for popular-but-unwise economic policy , then ignored these positions , to obtain the office . 
  he has done a poor job of vetting his appointees , which is something that he is directly and personally responsible for . 
  he has attacked the press -- something that directly opposes the jeffersonian tradition of holding that press oversight of administration is essential -- and attempted to undermine those outlets . 
  he has abused his office in attempting to undermine investigations . 
  nearly all of his political promises amounted to attempts to mislead , treading non-action as representing political action ... and the only people i can think of who would like that are those who oppose trump in the first place . 
  i can not think of a single positive thing about trump that would not apply to pretty much any potential republican candidate . 
  the man simply has no redeeming qualities . 
   bush launched a war on a false pretex nah . 
  incorrect assessment of intelligence , yes . 
  well , six months of trump * has * felt like a long time . 
  trump the man and the office are two different things . 
   russia is n't giving crimea back , ever russia never took it . 
  it 's occupying it . 
  i think that you 're attributing a lot of things that countries did to the west as a whole . 
  yeah , estonia joined nato . 
  but estonia was n't taken , nor forced to join , and she 's not owned in some way . 
  estonia did n't consider herself in some sort of sphere ... but that 's her call . 
  russia was not very popular in ukraine compared to the eu . 
  finally , i dunno what the deal is with ukrainian names , but i suspect that it has something to do with russification in the past . 
   the bundestag was expected to pass a law on friday which would hold social media networks like facebook and twitter financially accountable if they fail to delete illegal content . 
  the law was likely to cover violations of the so-called paparazzi paragraph . 
  i am increasingly suspicious that there 's gon na be a german company called `` facebook ag '' that does noting other than handle german business , provide a web-based frontend that blocks things that are illegal in germany , and otherwise does n't control or host content itself , which lives on facebook international 's servers . 
  simple matter of viability , unless you want to host only least-common-denominator content across all the world and thereby open yourself to less-restrictive competitors moving in . 
  that 's talking about people who are still in the application process and do n't have refugee status yet . 
   u would have no healthcare most employers provide group health insurance , and you can also get individual health insurance . 
   a high chance of being gunned down . 
  unless your career plans involve joining a gang and/or dealing drugs , not too high . 
  refugees are guaranteed the right to work by all refugee convention signatories . 
   it 's no suprise that all former colonies hate britain . 
  the us likes the uk . 
  canada likes the uk . 
  australia likes the uk . 
  new zealand likes the uk . 
  jamaica had some poll that the publc thought that they 'd be better off under the uk a couple of years ago . 
  hell , a bunch of colonies retained the queen as head of state after independence . 
  what other country has a better relationship with her old colonies ? 
  good guy britain !, 
  my cousin 's in med school to be a dermatologist , and i was chatting with her at lunch . 
  mean salary there stateside is apparently $ 450k/year , or $ 37,500 / month . 
  we have a decided undersupply of doctors . 
  `` relative poverty '' measures inequality , not how poor people in a country are . 
  `` soulless '' ? 
  man 's entitled to his opinions as long as he personally conducts honest , unbiased polling . 
   it 's just a little strange that you measure whether or not we 're located in central europe by how much we clear some imaginary bar degrees of longitude !, 
   eastern europeans think western food brands are selling them dross uh , oh . 
  well , at least the western europeans have n't caught on yet . 
  it would n't matter as much if it did n't also coincide with people shutting down coal * and * nuclear . 
  well , maybe if people would post more than one danish skit , we 'd have more material to work with . 
  one 's much more common than the other , and macron is about the opposite of a trophy husband . 
  i 'm thinking that macron 's relationship is n't very traditional , though ... 
  `` vile man cheated us of voters by implementing policies they wanted '' ? 
  / r/europe is going to need quadruple bypass surgery and multiple organ transplants , then !, 
  a crazy karma train , that 's what !, 
  this remains a possibility , moving towards . 
  i mean , in all fairness , a lot of refugees eu-side * also * probably should n't be classified as refugees , but economic migrants ... 
  seriously , though , i do n't think that ukrainians came to poland because a war made for some sort of legal excuse , and if said ukrainians had n't * already * shown up , the war probably was a primary factor ... 
  why do you feel that rico violates `` basic judicial practice '' ? 
  nobody else can remember all that . 
  she can if she has sex with a guy , among other options . 
  i 'll take responsibility for blocking ethnic cleansing , sure . 
   if the situation were to be like syria again , with russia stepping in against a hesitant west , the outcome would be more in our favour i think you guys have used your `` starting world war '' quota for the last century already . 
  never is a long time !, 
  was probably northern ireland managing to single-handedly keep your tfr up . 
  now you 're boned !,
