  i do n't think that that 's really specific to those two people . 
   for the lowest level of worker protection well , if labor regulations are just passed to address externalities , as a state should , that 's not the case -- a state should simply select its best estimate of the harm caused by a given externality and go with that . 
  that being said , i 'm somewhat sympathetic to an argument that the eu should have standardized work safety rules -- otherwise , if workers tend to underestimate risk of injury in a particular situation , say , they can not be simply convinced to move to another country and work there . 
   and wages all countries do that -- an employer is prays seeking the most labor they can get for money , and workers the most money they can get for labor . 
  letting it cross national lines is n't anything special in the long term , though i agree that in the shore term it 'll cause disruption . 
   they refuse to stop bleeding countries like portugal , greece and spain well , greece had reforms attached to debt forgiveness . 
  that does n't seem unreasonable to me -- after all , the creditors are giving greece a better deal than anyone else , who could as easily pay down greece 's debt . 
  after all , your country could volunteer to pay down greek debt as easily as my own , and my government is n't doing it . 
  i do n't know whether the policies in question are the right ones . 
  the us has normally not bailed out states in trouble ( though it also has not pressured states to not run up debt ) . 
  in practice , i suspect that [ the reforms ] ( https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/greece-debt-crisis-live-the-list-of-reforms-that-greece-must-meet-if-it-wants-another-bailout-from-10383901.html ) are in greece 's benefit . 
  afaik , there have been no limitations on greece raising taxes , so greece could tax the wealthy -- but there was a mandate to impose cuts on pensions and benefits to government workers . 
  i think that many people treated the previous , debt-fueled environment in greece as the norm , and the reforms ended that . 
  that was inevitably going to happen , and even if germany and france and so forth wanted to subsidize greece 's standard of living , doing so via greek defaults would be a really unpredictable way to do it . 
  i do n't know what restrictions exist for portugal and spain . 
  i mean , there are concerns that i can think of , like pension sustainability in some states , bt generally , the austerity process seems to me to have been done with an eye to improving greek economic strength . 
  they were never going to be popular , but i do n't think that they were unnecessary . 
   soon we 'll hear russia once more whining about the entire world ganging up on them when montenegro joins nato . 
  montenegro is n't joining nato because of this ( well , assuming that this was n't already known about ) . 
  [ it would probably produce collapse of many french businesses and have very disruptive economic impact elsewhere ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/22/france-exiting-the-euro-would-be-the-largest-default-in-history-with-serious-contagion-effects.html ) . 
  tusk and juncker ? 
  what is your objection to them ? 
  i think that it is a good idea for european countries , if the alternative is simply its absence . 
  obviously , if poorly-handled , it could fail to make things work better , but that is true of any government , and i do not see much that the eu has done that i think is deeply flawed , and some things that are quite good . 
  many of the things that seem to produce a lot of dispute ( e.g. 
  labor competition by places from very different wage levels from workers in the same field ) look like transitional things that ultimately will go away . 
  and i think that it is easier to move closer to an ideal situation from the existing eu than from nothing . 
   citing unidentified officials, 
  hmm . 
  that [ is something of an awkward criticism to raise , given that we funneled weapons into afghanistan when the soviets were in afghanistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_cyclone ) . 
  along with the rooskies doing the `` we 're a bunch of christians criticizing a lack of christian values on the other side '' , they 're clearly stealing our game plans of yesteryear . 
  i suppose imitation is the truest form of flattery ... edit : actually , i guess that you could say that the [ soviets churning out ak-47s in bulk to africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ak-47#cultural_influence_and_impact ) and elsewhere to screw over colonial states came earlier than that , so maybe they actually get the credit for originating this and we were the ones ripping it off ... 
  okay , the eu may provide some guarantees via treaty , and if so maybe the [ ecj ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_court_of_justice ) is relevant . 
  but the [ icj ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_court_of_justice ) wo n't be -- there 's no international law guaranteeing free speech rights . 
  and further , i 'd add that i think that there is a disturbing tendency in this forum to want to impose sanctions based on internal politics . 
  that is , a country does n't have a government that runs the way someone wants , so they want to sanction it . 
  i have seen calls to sanction countries based on things from `` erdogan is calling us nazi '' to `` this vote was n't fair '' . 
  while it is naturally up to a country to decide how to act , there are some very good reasons to avoid becoming involved in internal politics of a state , and i think that perhaps people are not weighing these . 
  some of these apply to even the eu . 
  * leaders do not like being opposed from outside the state . 
  if you pressure them , especially severely , they will fight back . 
  i was reading an article talking about political motivation in the eu , and pointing out that much of the reason that orban attacks the eu is to try to undermine its credibility because it started criticizing him . 
  i realize that the eu and the us differ , and i am not saying that the us does the right thing , but normally i see the federal government not criticizing state governments . 
  that is , i would not expect to see the federal government placing political pressure on a state governor . 
  maybe there might be a court case if a state breaks clearly-defined federal law , but outside of that , there normally is n't a lot of public political fighting from the top down . 
  i am not sure whether doing this is a good idea politically . 
  * by definition , in a non-falsified-results election , a majority are probably not going to like attempts to push back on an election ( like in turkey ) . 
  * states may become wary of involvement in their activities or politics in the future based on what happens today . 
  that is , placing pressure on someone now means that you 're signalling that it might happen down the road . 
  * sanctions normally have a relatively-high bar to be imposed . 
  most countries do not impose sanctions . 
  in particular , sanctions inside the eu seem like a serious matter to me -- countries * accept * deeper economic dependence on each other with the expectation that they will work together economically . 
  start sanctioning countries , and countries may become leery of that deep interdependence . 
  basically , it just seems to me that there is a great willingness to say `` i do n't like how that feels , so we should force it to work differently '' . 
  i would suggest that you consider how you might feel if an outside force came in and opposed something that you were in favor of . 
  it may make you very upset . 
  on that note , it 's really annoying to me that [ openstreetmap ] ( https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=5/51.500/-0.100 ) uses names in the native language . 
  it 's kind of a property of the collaborative effort they 're engaged in -- the people that care most about an area are those who live in the area -- but if i want to look up a town in iraq or something , i do n't want to see arabic script that i ca n't read . 
  ditto for cyrillic -- everything i know about towns in , say , ukraine is in names written in latin script , so the map is of much-decreased utility to an english-language speaker . 
  honestly , it really drives home how annoying it is that everyone does n't have the same placenames and that the world does n't use one script . 
  the france-not-in-the-single-market goal that she 'd aim for is similar to what melenchon wanted -- that is , if you 're a worker looking for protectionist policy versus other workers in the eu , both melenchon and le pen were your only options among the frontrunners . 
  obviously , voting pools will differ on other issues , but if your dominant concern is `` i 'm a factory worker and people from poorer countries took my job and i want them excluded so that i get a job doing what i was doing before '' ... < shrug , 
  people voted for trump often expecting that some of what he said was simply rhetoric , but preferring him to hillary . 
  i 'm not familiar with the french system 's traditions , but i 'm going to assume that negative campaigning is more common in the second round , since that 's when you have only a single candidate and the bang-for-the-buck is greater . 
  if macron 's attacks relied on her being attached to fn and were on fn ... and i 'd imagine that people opposed to macron will have a similar `` he 'll just say whatever to be elected '' argument . 
   i * trust * the polls and i do n't think that deficit can be overcome if election day was tomorrow . 
  nobody has polled on voting for mlp , just mlp+fn . 
  the polls alone do n't provide that much guidance . 
  it * could * be that the real distaste is simply attached to fn . 
  i bet that before doing this , that she had some polling done , though , to test out the viability of the move . 
  if so , she 's the only one with poll data that 's relevant . 
  she * could * know something that everyone else does not . 
  i do n't know . 
  on here , i generally hear people say `` but it 's still the same party , despite her attempts to reform its image '' , and cite sketchy people associated with it , not things that she has personally done . 
  i do n't know whether le pen the woman or her particular program this year has the same negative image as fn . 
  i would assume that like the us primary and general elections , there is benefit to moving to the center after the first round . 
  so if she 's going to do it , this is the right time . 
  might be politically-brilliant , if she can pull it off . 
  it 's some interpretations of islam . 
  there would be people who do feel that islam requires it , just as there are those that feel thar it does not . 
  compare to catholicism ( priests must be celibate ) and lutheranism ( pastors do not ) . 
  just was never a widely-used convention on reddit for years -- i 've been around for about as long as reddit has on various accounts -- and i 've seen a shit-ton showing up recently , even more common than the `` add a number '' or similar . 
  what is it with you flood of people with underscores around your account names recently ? 
   the first round of a french election is a kind of glorified poll , a chance for people to make extravagant statements . 
  that 's not really my understanding -- i doubt that many people switch votes from first to second round . 
  rather , it 's that a centrist candidate tends to have an advantage over a radical in the second round , since they will be most-similar to most voters . 
   it is hard to tell if usa christians and eu christians showed in the statistics are `` real christians '' , or they never bothered to unlist themselves , or answer the question on in the `` heritage meaning '' . 
  the us does n't have religious registries . 
  they would have had to actually ask people . 
  why so heathen , yurop ? 
  ( also , that article has 86 % , not 89 % . ), 
  please do not feed the trolls . 
  the us tallies presidential votes for fptp at the state level , not the county level . 
  the major effect of fptp is to limit to effectively two parties and to limit the impact of preference of non-swing states -- winning a state by a lot is no more effective than winning by a little . 
   maybe i should be more specific and use `` multination state '' or something rather than `` federation '' . 
  fair enough . 
   my point is that when one creates a state consisting of other former states or different nations it 's usually a recipe for a disaster well ... the european countries of today were n't really city-states . 
  someone had to sell peoples on the idea that they were one people , standardize language , and so forth . 
  sure , most of that happened a while back ( though ... i guess italy was relatively-recent )  say , if you ask any american or swiss or canadian or german citizen about their nationality they 'd most likely answer your question in accordance what they have printed in their passports which would not be the case with vast majority of eu citizens if they woke up one day in a federation . 
  yes .
