  this is n't a new conflict . 
  countries where hate speech is a crime will have criteria defining hate speech . 
  that being said , there could potentially be an err-on-the-side-of-caution effect . 
  random sysadmins are not courts , even if you 're comfortable with courts making that determination . 
  as a layman , my gut take is that italy 's in the wrong on this one . 
  [ united nations convention on the law of the sea ] ( http://www.hri.org/docs/los/part7-1b.html ) :  ** article 98 **   duty to render assistance   every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers :   * to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ;  * to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him ;  * after a collision , to render assistance to the other ship , its crew and its passengers and , where possible , to inform the other ship of the name of his own ship , its port of registry and the nearest port at which it will call . 
  it 's difficult to argue that refusing to respond from the distance present did not meet the `` reasonably be expected of him '' bar . 
  the system may be ( well , * is * ) abused , but non-rescue is n't the place to draw the line if that becomes the case . 
  it should be at limiting non-refoulement requirements or withdrawing from the refugee convention and refusing to allow right-to-work or right-to-movement . 
  this is literally the worst possible place to draw the line , since it undermines the reliability of rescue at sea , and relies on an uncertain deterrent . 
  * the place to make a determination of whether or not this is someone likely to simply be trying to illegally get into italy should not be via emergency dispatch from someone talking to a sinking ship . 
  * further , the time to act on that * is not when it may introduce a life-or-death situation * . 
  i have advocated on this forum for use of the [ pacific solution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution ) . 
  i think that there is good argument for reform and some limitation on the refugee convention . 
  i am more-than-willing to see policy changes that would block off routes for people trying to use the asylum system to immigrate . 
  but i have consistently disagreed with practices that may simply have the risk of letting people die at sea or those that intentionally kill people . 
  this undermines a critical system that relies on international goodwill and may impact others . 
  it runs the risk of imposing a harsh penalty on people who -- though perhaps breaking the law -- have themselves not personally done anything of tremendous harm to italy . 
  well , unless someone is trying to raise a small issue to hide larger problems , the stated delay was 12-18 months . 
  frankly , i do not see that as an insurmountable gap . 
  there are other transports available in europe and elsewhere that can fill a small 12-18 month gap . 
  one might ask questions about how it 'd be possible to avoid arriving at this place again , but it does n't seem like a fundamental problem militarily . 
  a larger concern would be if ( a ) airbus is n't willing or able to make the fixes that were expected and ( b ) if this fundamentally undermined capabilities . 
  one limitation listed was on paratroopers . 
  if paratroopers can only jump out one side of the plane under conditions with a lot of wind , that might halve germany 's airborne assault capacity or possibly force a plane to take an undesirable heading during such an assault or force a plane to make two passes instead of one . 
  it might have contractual obligation issues to work out between germany and airbus . 
  but it does n't mean that germany 's military is inoperable -- just limited in certain ways . 
   masters in washington hell , we could n't even convince most countries in europe to sign on for iraq , which we * did * want . 
  clear evidence of american imperialism !, 
  so ... you 're saying that the `` social marxists '' are in it with the bankers , eh ? 
  source ? 
   macron is extremely well-prepared on european , financial and macroeconomic affairs . 
  his comfort zone stops there '' -- bruno tertrais which is why he has a whole bureaucracy to rely on . 
  he 's not relying on his personal knowledge to run everything . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` ca n't be handled openly '' . 
  i 'm not an expert , but i 've heard one interesting rationale for housing bubbles : that it 's difficult to effectively `` sell housing short '' . 
  that is , even if i think that a housing price is unsustainable , it 's hard from me to profit from that belief in a way that drives the price down in the way that i could with a stock . 
  i personally suspect that [ regulatory capture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture ) is also an issue ( or maybe , that the `` interest of the public '' that they serve is too-narrow ) . 
  future would-be residents have no input into housing restrictions , whereas existing residents do . 
  ordinarily , vendors in a market do n't have a way of restricting competition from entering ; in real estate , they do . 
  i 'm also a little suspicious that because it might also be an issue because of one of the following reasons : * housing is a necessity , so everyone at least runs into dealing with housing , if not owning it . 
  the same is not true for , say , onion futures . 
  in fact , i 'd say that housing is probably the one thing that is most-likely for people to be on the selling side of in their life . 
  so you 've got a lot of average joes directly involved in the market . 
  * it is immovable and thus hard to run off with and thus lenders can extend a lot of credit at little risk and thus one can make large , highly-leveraged investments . 
  debt finances real estate bubbles . 
  / u/jimba22 was responding to a comparison between the us and socialism . 
   social democracies the quote was about socialism , not social democracy . 
   libertarianism and deregulation is as much of if not more of a failure than socialism i 'd say that the batting average in terms of countries that have tended to reduce regulations or liberal economic positions ( which i assume is what you 're thinking of with `` lbertarianism '' ) is substantially better than the batting average of countries that have adopted socialist economies . 
  that being said , ubi is not socialism -- you can still have privately-owned industry . 
  it really depends on what you see as the problem with socialism 's attempts in the past . 
  is it that it distorts incentives too much , creates too many externalities , saps incentives ? 
  is it that planned economies simply make too many inefficient production decisions ? 
  is it even possible to sustainably redistribute wealth from producers at a very large scale if people producing the wealth can simply freely leave and do so elsewhere ? 
  depending upon the answers to the above questions , maybe a ubi program could be viable . 
   but i think you 'll be surprised how fast things will change on this sector . 
  it wo n't be ` run a truck up and down the same route ' , as soon as the technology is ready and affordable enough , it will instantly replace massive amounts of workers . 
  no , i mean , that 's where i expect the first changes to happen -- using it like rail today , but on roads . 
  they 'll be high-volume routes where a company can have people at each end ( since there wo n't be a driver to unload , like there is today , when a driver goes to a store and unloads there ) . 
  there will either be enough throughput to keep a driver just backing up trucks and moving them around the shipping yard , or at least enough throughput to make installing some sort of signaling system viable at the other end . 
  there will be a one large company , and they can start phasing them in over time . 
  a port-to-large-retailer-distribution-center is the sort of thing that i 'd bet will show up early on . 
  an example of something at the other end of the spectrum that i do not think will be automated any time soon is fire trucks -- these operate in a non-standard environment using non-standard rules , do different tasks every time and do so in small volume . 
  along the way , there are going to be complexities . 
  what happens under extreme conditions ( and extreme conditions for a self-driving car may be different from what a human considers extreme ) ? 
  will self-driving trucks that can handle most of the driving infrastructure just fine understand how to handle oddities like covered bridges or ferries , lanes that change direction based on time of day ( especially when city authorities may simply change these internally ) , and plenty of other complexities ? 
  we still have no mechanism for police to direct unmanned vehicles in place -- that will have to happen . 
  i have spent time driving alongside and walking around google 's self-driving cars , and while i 'm bullish on the technology and think that it will get there , in even my limited interactions , you can plainly see major limitations . 
  the cars do n't understand bicycle lanes or correctly merge into them . 
  they do n't use signals that we use , like waving people on or making eye contact to indicate that someone 's going to step off the curb -- for them , things in the road matter , and things outside do n't . 
  we 'll need to have gas stations go back to full service ( or have infrastructure improvements to let self-driving trucks self-refuel ) . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  there 's a financial incentive that 's huge there , and i believe that it is technically-viable . 
  but i am doubtful that it will be a dam breaking , since as soon as they can be commercially-used , companies will start doing so , and that will be long before they can handle every condition on every truck-traversable place in the country ( hence my single-route suggestions ) . 
  the containerization that i listed above was definitely a gradual process , and my guess is that this will be too . 
  if it takes twenty years for , say , 50 % of transport traffic to migrate to self-driving and a typical transport worker probably does n't work for much over 40 years , aging out and retiring already more-or-less covers this . 
  if it takes ten years for 50 % of transport traffic to migrate to self-driving ( which sounds pretty aggressive to me ) , then aging out still covers half of the shift . 
  so then the question becomes whether new people entering the workforce are * unable * to do anything of need other than transport work , which seems unlikely . 
   but i 'm afraid people are generally underestimating the impact it 'll have . 
  oh , i think that it 'll have a big impact , one day . 
  but i also think that people have consistently underestimated the time to solve problems related to ai . 
  and self-driving vehicles are tied to infrastructure and practice . 
  for example , we do n't need to have cashiers at sandwich shops today . 
  i 've seen places that simply use kiosks , and eliminate the cashiers -- the humans only make sandwiches and bring them out . 
  but ... that 's not what people prefer . 
  we did n't switch to all kiosks overnight . 
  same thing with self-check-out grocery kiosks . 
  we 've had those in stores for ... gosh , i do n't know how many years now . 
  but we still have n't switched over fully , and most people still use a human checker at every store that i 've seen . 
  the use of horses did n't evaporate overnight when the automobile came out . 
  there were legal hurdles , infrastructure upgrades , people changing what they considered acceptable . 
  my guess is that self-driving cars will look similar . 
  no , if there 's a real concern , it 'd be on how-effective our educational processes are . 
  that is , can we graduate more people with a high-skill skillset . 
  i do n't have historical data for europe , but i assume that it looks pretty much like the us , and in the us , [ educational levels have steadily ramped up over time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:educational_attainment_in_the_united_states_2009.png ) . 
  if people are n't going into a field that will be in demand or we see many people dropping out or something , that 'd be a concern for me , where we 've hit a limit in the educational system . 
  and we have seen something of a plateau in secondary education since the 1970s ... but tertiary education is still on the rise . 
  so for me , the problem becomes more one of education , at least in the near future . 
   usa has a structural disadvantage because they make education inaccessible to large parts of the population , often on the basis of the individual economic standing . 
  i disagree .
