  you 'll note that the same is n't true of , say , enclaves on the mainland in argentina or china , though . 
  i read a book covering the history not long ago that used his son 's works as one of its sources . 
  by that logic , trump running around crashing into things must mean that he is held in exceptionally high regard in brussels !, 
  the newspaper with the widest circulation in the us is [ usa today ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/ ) . 
  while i wo n't call it highbrow -- it likes its celebrity news -- it definitely is not on par with , say , the * daily mail * . 
  the * new york times * is in second place , fairly close to it , and that 's a solid newspaper , center-left . 
  after that is the * wall street journal * , same , and center-right . 
  you might be able to make a similar argument in the us if you included websites . 
  there were mistakes in foreign relations , but the point i 'm getting at is that the uk did n't just build a powerful economy and then run around on the strength of that . 
  i think that the us is closer to that than the uk was when it built the british empire . 
  the uk 's actual population was dwarfed by the number of people that it administered : it had to make effective use of the relations between countries and people to do this . 
  the quotas that were imposed were n't imposed by him . 
  trump : * will be exceedingly unlikely to play a direct role in any trade negotiations . 
  * i will never accuse trump of brilliance , but his `` fight hard for the working man by being unconstrained by convention and being willing to impose protectionist policy '' political schtick is a political schtick . 
  his extremely vocal rallying cries on trade policy reflect how he wants to be seen , not his take on things , or at least not his collective team 's take . 
  i still had some concerns up until the nafta regotiation goals were put out and that alleviated 'em . 
  he 's providing an easy answer to joe steelworker : `` other presidents could have made you much wealthier but just do n't have the * guts * to roll up their sleeves and do it . 
  vote for me , and i wo n't be constrained by all that silliness !, 
  you do n't need any complicated details : just vote for me ! '', 
  because you want any deals you make to be stable and want to have a reputation of being a good partner to work with . 
  pushing someone up to the limit of dropping the arrangement and then backing off an iota is n't clever dealmaking . 
  it would be if deals were one-offs , but they 're not -- diplomacy is a [ repeated game ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/repeated_game ) in game theory :  an essential part of strategies in infinitely repeated game is punishing players who deviate from this cooperative strategy . 
  the punishment may be playing a strategy which leads to reduced payoff to both players for the rest of the game ( called a trigger strategy ) . 
  a player may normally choose to act selfishly to increase their own reward rather than play the socially optimum strategy . 
  however , if it is known that the other player is following a trigger strategy , then the player expects to receive reduced payoffs in the future if they deviate at this stage . 
  an effective trigger strategy ensures that cooperating has more utility to the player than acting selfishly now and facing the other player 's punishment in the future . 
   britain became a great power because it pioneered the fossil-fuel economy in the 18th century , well , and used diplomacy well . 
   and because being an island was excellent protection when states still invaded each other . 
  still is good protection . 
  consider taiwan or the falklands . 
  there 's a reason that they are n't controlled by the mainland . 
  what else * does * one call a resident of rome , after all ? 
   for shits and giggles , how old are you if i may ask ? 
  i do n't see how that would have bearing on his argument . 
  i think that you 're rather attackng a strawman in arguing over war . 
  it 's doubtful that that is what was being suggested . 
  i do n't think that he was proposing wwiii . 
    `` we are better organized than the trump administration ... if there are any internal difficulties , those difficulties are fixed in a direct conversation instead of by firing people ''   -- jean-claude juncker not setting the bar too high there , juncker . 
  china calls itself socialist . 
  this is a political fig leaf , where china has been moving away from socialism since mao died and where the bulk of the economy is no longer run by the state , though it was back in the 1970s . 
  china is run by a single party that permits no competing parties . 
  that party is in name a communist party . 
  communist parties advocate for the state to ultimately * become * communist . 
  i do not think that any country ever claimed to have achieved communism -- just socialism , moving towds communism . 
  i suspect that the focus on communism was a western cold war political decision , since it made it easier to get the socialists in the west on-side . 
  in practice , few western political parties with `` socialist '' in their name have advocated for socialism for a long time either . 
  they had the same awkwardness of rebranding that the chinese communist party does . 
  they mostly advocate for [ social democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) , which is fine with capitalism but tends to advocates for more handouts to reduce inequality . 
  this differs from the actually-socialist [ democratic socialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_socialism ) . 
   their economy was shit even before that and it is shit because it is run by commie idiots . 
  socialists . 
  while i 'm not expert in chavez 's political vision , i do n't think that chavez proposed the ultimate elimination of money . 
   world of warcraft gold now has a better exchange rate than the bolivier the value of the unit of currency in absolute terms is not intrinsically interesting . 
  it takes many japanese yen to get one dollar , but that does n't mean that japan has a weak economy . 
  the us could have arbitrarily used the cent as its base unit of currency , and it would n't have been interesting . 
  what matters insofar as exchange rates go is the relative changes in them . 
  if the ruble buys half as many dollars as it did last year , that 's important . 
  truman was a haberdasher . 
  venezuela 's got problems , but i do n't think that that 's the major issue . 
  american imperialism would be conquering and seizing venezuela . 
  not buying oil from venezuela at above-market rates is kind of hard to describe as imperialism . 
   columbus is n't even a controversial figure : he 's widely and justifiably seen as an immensely cruel , authoritarian person - and he was seen as such by the people he commanded . 
  for his time and place , he was not really unusual . 
  i 'd say that he compares favorably to some of his competitors . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheez_whiz use to add fat to something . 
   former first minister of scotland alex salmond has described donald trump as `` a complete and utter nincompoop '' after the us president said a second referendum on scottish independence would be `` terrible '' for the country . 
    `` the grand canyon is a minor crevice compared to the vast chasm of ignorance of that man , '' mr salmond added . 
  he starts out with a valid , if undiplomatic , point ...  ... mr salmond said : `` donald trump 's opposition to independence should seal the deal for the snp ... ... and then throws it all away . 
  i would think that talking about virtually anything other than russia would be a good idea for trump politically . 
  well , their income also does n't directly depend upon the economy . 
  well , unanimity was required to impose sanctions on russia -- the ongoing suspense from * will country x defect this vote * had been a staple of the russian sanctions coverage . 
  i 'd expect that the bar would be as high to impose them against the us . 
  that being said , there might be clever ways to leverage one power into another . 
  political influence is not isolated . 
  a7 poland , then it 's possible to a7 hungary , and that 's two without a political vouce and thus down . 
  congress has occasionally tried to leverage the [ power of the purse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power_of_the_purse ) to let the federal government slide past restrictions on its powers . 
  i expect that there are eu equivalents . 
  leverage something else that 's qmv to apply sufficient pressure on remaining parties . 
  there are routes , but they are awkward . 
  i mean , it 's possible to insure to spead out risk . 
  crop insurance spreads risk from bad years across all years . 
  unless you are a citizen of eritrea or the united states , you do n't need to worry about it . 
  i liked * peresopolis * . 
   of all the eastern europeaan countries who seem to be culturally lagging about 30-40 years compared to western europe , which does n't bode well . 
  is it necessary to have cultural homogeniety for the eu to work . 
  stalin killed his political opponents . 
  erdogan has `` only '' stripped his of power . 
  not really the point . 
  junckers or tusk say something , it still speaks for what should be a majority . 
  it 's correct to say that that is the position of the eu . 
  though , admittedly , the split between the veto-based system and the qmv system do disconnect the portion of the eu that can speak on a matter from the portion that can take meaningful action . 
  the statement was n't `` alaska is a arctic power '' , but the united states is . 
  alaska provides claims into the arctic . 
  the us is quite capable of fighting a war in the arctic . 
   the automotive industry , which accounts for every fifth job in germany . 
  wow , that 's a lot . 
  i wonder if that 's just jobs directly in the industry or if it includes supporting industry , like restaurants that serve workers in the auto industry . 
  why would a rail or power connection be relevant ? 
  well , can push for an eu-wide pension system . 
  less leverage as time goes on , though .
