  globalism does n't require accepting large numbers of refugees . 
  i mean , it makes a diplomatic statement -- and i kinda agree with something being done , because it is not okay for turkish security to bear protestors up -- but i assume that diplomatic immunity will cover this , so they wo n't really have anything happen . 
  uh , brexit risks disrupting a lot of markets , of which agriculture is only one . 
  well , a customs union prohibits members cutting independent deals ( and must do so to function ) , whereas us states can subsidize german windmill or chinese solar manufacturers if they want to do so . 
  i mean , i think that it 's a bad idea for california to do this , but it 's not violating rules . 
  it is very cheap in the us , but you ca n't build a pipeline across the atlantic , so you have to pay for liquification and deliquification facilities and to operate ships , which does add something to the cost . 
   oh , poor germany , was threatened to be fucked up for 50 years and nothing happened . 
  that 's horrible . 
    compare it to actually being fucked up for 50 years . 
  well , east germany was still in . 
  theoretically , part of the reason that ukrainians would like to link up with the eu would be to head towards a world with less corruption . 
  keeping the ukrainian pipeline as the option * would * show a commitment by the eu towards working towards reform in ukraine , and give ukraine confidence that they wo n't be isolated . 
  i mean , if you 're really worried about ukraine burning the eu , the eu 's got a pretty strong hand already . 
  http://m.dw.com/en/germanys-russian-energy-dilemma/a-17529685 germany :  the country sources 36 percent of its natural gas imports https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/polands-continuing-quest-better-natural-gas-deal poland :  two-thirds of poland 's natural gas demand is met through imports , about 80 percent of which come from russia more impact on poland , though . 
  would n't really be a problem to source 100 % , as long as there are other sources available that could come online quickly . 
  more to the point , it creates a perception in ukraine of lack of political support in the immediate term . 
   that isnt nearly as easy as you make it sound . 
  well , i 'm not saying that it is easy ... just that at least the employee knows what they want . 
  the country does n't even have that , nor the employer . 
  and the employee is , as i said , free to take in input from whoever they want , including left-wing advocacy groups , in valuing the perk to themselves . 
  after all , to have * initially have supported * granting that perk in labor law , they had to have valued the thing . 
   which means that by default , the workers would be at a disadvantage as they arent able to determine the net value of their compensation . 
  they may not know what it costs the employer , but that 's not necessary to know how much they care about it . 
   thats too much of a burden placed on the employee , especially because the sole profiteer is the employer . 
  well , there are three parties here . 
  the employee is the only one who knows how he feels about the outcomes . 
  the employer knows about how much the benefit costs the employer , but not how much the employee wants it , which is what is relevant in choosing which is preferable for the employee . 
  the two options inaccurately relative to each other just costs the employer , so his in incentives are aligned with the employee on this matter . 
  the government ca n't tune perks to the interests of a particular employee . 
  they have some technical knowledge ... maybe in the past , young workers have underestimated how much they will later want vacation time . 
  but they can issue whatever recommendations they want in choosing an option to an employee . 
  and this opens up the floor for other groups to make their own recommendations . 
  if some labor advocacy group thinks that a particular option is worth something different than what the government does , they 're free to make that recommendation . 
  well , could happen , but it is n't near the top of my `` next likely superpower '' list . 
  china 's actually got a higher tfr than the eu ( thoguh it 's still sub-replacement ) . 
  it 's low compared to most of africa . 
   and it will be even better when the upcoming powers , arabs and chinese , take the place of us . 
  we shall see !, 
  at the moment , i 'd argue that bot of those groups have plenty of domestic challenges to overcome ... 
   i think it is the anglosphere is where it did n't caught on , but the rest of the world is already using czechia . 
  i mean , countries get to choose what they want their official english name to be at the un , and up until recently , czechia had chosen only `` czech republic '' . 
  it 'd be rude to call it something else . 
  it 's not like it 's just a fad here . 
  i use it . 
  not gon na happen overnight . 
  give it 50 years for people to age out . 
  though the issues in china and india are more related to particulate pollution , not carbon dioxide . 
  yeah ... i do n't think that the x factor in flying cars not working will be a mechanical improvement . 
  maybe if the vehicle can only fly in fully-automated mode , to broaden the market . 
  also , the us moved to strict liability for all aircraft that are n't decades old back in the 1970s , which means that even a light aircraft has maybe a $ 100k premium . 
  if an employer is offering below-market wage , they can be undermined by any entrepreneur who comes in and can offer higher wages and still make money . 
   if the employer can lie to the applicant and for example make labor protection appear less valuable than it actually is , they can pay them a tiny premium in exchange for giving up much more valuable rights . 
  the employer ca n't be expected to know how much the employee values those rights . 
  normally , you 'd expect the employee to be more-authoritative on how much something is worth to him than anyone else . 
  the only exception is when he can value an outcome , but not understand the implications of a policy in reaching that outcome -- maybe he does n't realize how much he 'll care about vacation days once he has a kid . 
  if you think the government or anyone else can more-accurately value that , you 've an easy remedy for that : they can provide their own recommendations . 
   because of their superior position in the negotiation and the lack of transparency , they will succeed more often than not . 
  no -- remember , an employee does not and should not care what the utility cost to an employer is in providing a perk . 
  they should only care what the utility benefit is to the employee . 
  and on that point , the employee is normally in the best position to make such a call , and is free to make such a decision using input from the government or labor advocacy groups or whoever else he wants . 
   you still operate under the assumption that every deal agreed on by 2 parties must be good for both parties . 
  that is not the case in real life . 
  for a perfect , ideal market , yeah . 
  but we do n't require that -- we just require that it be * approximated * by the real world . 
  and that 's a deep , underlying assumption in all markets , not just the labor one . 
  i 'm not convinced that there 's demand . 
  hyperloop infrastructure is gon na be more expensive than just a rail line . 
  that means you 're gon na need either high ticket prices or a lot of demand . 
  how much demand is there for long-distance travel to tallinn ? 
  is there an immense , heavily-used airport disgorging a bunch of people today full of people who are grudgingly putting up with air travel because the heavily-used long-distance rail market into tallinn is just too slow ? 
  because if not , i do n't have a lot of hope for hyperloop making a return in that environment . 
  slovakia and czechia both have well below replacement rate tfr as well . 
  let 's use czechia as an example . 
  the [ only reason that you see an increasing population in czechia ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/population ) is because it takes decades for sub-replacement tfr to start fully having an effect on the population . 
  tfr affects two things : the birth rate ( which has an immediate effect ) , and the ratio of birth rate to death rate ( which takes a lifetime to take effect , since the kids need to grow up , become old , and then die ) . 
  basically , once upon a time , you were having many more children , and because of that , your younger population grew to be much more than your older population , and so your death rate was lower -- it was a `` smaller '' population dying off . 
  but over time , that bulge in the population has inexorably moved up the age scale , and as it does so , the death rate steadily increases . 
  at a certain point , it surpasses the birth rate ... and at that point , the consequences of the decisions of past decades start to come due and the population enters decline . 
  you 've had sub-replacement tfr ( currently 1.46 , well below the 2.1 that would be required to sustain the population ) for a while now , and so barring large-scale immigration to czechia ( and remember , you got ta figure out how to keep everyone from just heading to germany ) or a major increase in tfr to get birth rate much higher , your population will inevitably enter decline in the upcoming decades . 
  this is not some secret or controversial : it 's a real demographic challenge to address . 
  this is the [ population pyramid in czechia today ] ( http://www.populationpyramid.net/czech-republic/2016/ ) . 
  the point where your population peaked ( for the final time ) was around 40-44 , with a smaller peak around 65 , and not much increase between them . 
  the much smaller `` younger '' ages you see is the future of the population of czechia . 
  that is what population you will have remaining to you coming down the pipe -- a much smaller one . 
  that was n't aways the way things worked . 
  a population that is growing or sustaining itself must look like a pyramid , with a larger `` base '' than top . 
  that 's what czechia looked like [ 40 years ago ] ( http://www.populationpyramid.net/czech-republic/1977/ ) , back when its tfr was above 2.1 . 
  but that has not been the case for a long time , and today , you have an inverted pyramid . 
  the math is n't complicated . 
  i mean , you can argue that `` decadence '' is maybe incorrect or too simple as an explanation , but the upcoming population decline is n't something that 's really debatable . 
  you could make slovakia or the czech republic wealthier , and it 's true that some places in eastern europe ( central europe , whatever ) have a lower tfr , but even western europe is n't at sustainability . 
  what 's more , tfr * was * at a sustainable level fifty years ago when we were all worse-off in absolute terms , and many very poor countries have not just a sustainable tfr , but a tfr high enough to guarantee a high rate of growth ( which is why africa 's population is skyrocketing ) . 
   for once , the company always has a better negotiation position for 99 % of all jobs . 
  thats why workers right must be universal : so companies cant pressure workers to work without them . 
  you 're trying to use labor rights as a subsidy , which generally does not work . 
  as a company , i need to provide enough utility to attract enough employees to fill my slots , and no more . 
  by default , i use whatever form of compensation is optimal . 
  pay is a common one , but there * are * others , like `` not working at night '' or `` being able to wear street clothes '' or whatever . 
  i can choose whatever form i want , but my interest is in choosing the form that has the highest ratio of the utility i give up to the utility the employee gains . 
  when you impose certain labor rights via labor law , you `` lock '' the form of compensation to include certain guarantees , and say `` part of the form of compensation must take this form '' .
