  looking at the [ pr\u00fcm convention ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/pr%c3%bcm_convention ) text :  this convention may be denounced by any contracting party , at any time , through diplomatic channels , by making a declaration in writing to the depositary . 
  denunciation shall take effect six months after the deposit of a declaration in writing . 
  my guess is that if the uk does want to leave pr\u00fcm -- and i 've no idea whether it does -- the uk 's gon na say `` okay , i excercised my right to leave , and so i 'm no longer bound by any obligations that were part of pr\u00fcm '' . 
  the article seems to say the opposite of the title -- that the two are still in disagreement over the issue . 
   the clock is already ticking and the uk might end-up having to fallback to the wto rules which would be a lose/lose situation for everyone . 
  right . 
  but because wto rules are the main concern for the uk , that 's also why it 's going to want to conduct the discussions in parallel . 
  basically , parallel discussions mean : `` okay , i could screw you by not paying anything . 
  and you could screw me by refusing to trade with me . 
  let 's start moving towards what both of us want . '', 
  sequential discussions mean that the eu wants the uk to basically commit to giving it everything the eu wants on payment before moving to talking about what the trade that the uk wants . 
  obviously , the eu wants sequential discussions , and the uk wants parallel discussions . 
  on this point , i think that the uk 's position is n't unreasonable -- with sequential discussions , it 's kinda like a car dealer asking you to commit to paying the price of the car before he starts negotiating with you about what kind of car you 're going to get . 
  unless you really , really trust that dealer , you are n't going to want to do that . 
   this commitment is maintained before leaving which is when the negotiations take place . 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  my understanding is that there is a dispute over whether-or-not and to what degree the uk is on the hook for paying for something that it would have paid after it leaves the eu . 
  i do n't think that the uk is proposing `` okay , let 's stop paying while we 're still a member '' , right ? 
   these commitments are to be honored . 
  and you 're going to have two different views of that : the uk 's going to say `` my commitment was to fund eu programs while i am an eu member and participating '' , and the eu 's going to say `` your commitment is to fund eu programs comparable to a certain level that you would have paid even if you 're not a member and participating once you agree to them '' . 
  neither is clearly and unambiguously the case , since the eu never made explicit what should happen when members leave . 
   in agreements that do not even depend on eu membership . 
  well , i 'm perhaps being loose with words . 
  if the uk is terminating its * participation * in a program , then regardless of whether-or-not the program is bound to eu membership ( e.g. 
  esa membership , if the uk chose to leave that ) , i think that the question pretty much remains the same : unless there was an explicit agreement on how to handle leaving , it 's ambiguous . 
   is it considered somehow unreasonable to expect the uk to honor all commitments it signed and ratified ? 
  i 'd say that if the uk continues to have access to those programs , it would be clearly unreasonable . 
  if it does not , then i 'd say that it 's pretty much undefined . 
  i can certainly think of analogous situations where the party does not pay at all , and analogous situations where the party pays fully . 
  my guess is that the uk will pay for some of what it would have paid , but not all . 
  and , well , that 'll be what the negotiations are about determining . 
   it 's been through hell and back , and the eu 's stance is such that will not allow the uk to make a deal without payment talks over these projects . 
  i mean , i agree , and the uk 's stance is that payment talks wo n't happen before the rest of the talks . 
  i mean , we 're not disagreeing over what the positions of the eu or the uk is ... 
   it 's not about germany 's ability to fuck over the east it 's about russia 's . 
  well , germany would need to collude in this , and i 'm assuming that russia has an interest in applying political pressure via gas prices and access anyway . 
   it 's the eu that pays half the cost for russian controlled infrastructure . 
  given that the pipeline ca n't do anything but move gas from russia to germany , i 'm not sure how meaningful control is -- i mean , it does n't do anything except move gas if both ends agree on that gas moving . 
  well , there 's probably got ta be some degree of * quid pro quo * , and the eu is looking out for its citizens . 
  this is for existing residents , not future ones . 
  and regardless of what the public wants , i 'm pretty sure that the government does n't want gainfully-employed people to vanish * en masse * . 
   there is literally zero chance the 27 others will agree to this . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not inherently disadvantageous to the eu that i can see . 
  heavy on weakly-supported speculation . 
   such operations need not change votes to be effective maybe not , but changing votes is much more important than anything else . 
  my concern is n't `` dugin running the show '' but more that he 's familiar with ideas that are floating around as to what should be done to counter various countries . 
  do n't you take my kinder egg response from me !, 
  well , coordination is a function of the executive branch , which is under trump . 
  the fact that this bill is being passed with bipartisan support indicates that neither party is willing to let trump make the call on backing off on russian sanctions . 
  the legislative branch does n't have its own diplomatic corps , so that 's what we 've got to work with until trump either leaves office or is removed . 
   these have been ever since the uk has committed . 
  but we 're not arguing about whether-or-not the uk committed to the programs -- just whether that commitment represents any obligation after leaving . 
   the eu is not really comparable to a federation nor a confederation , i 'd call it a confederation . 
  but you do n't need * identical * examples -- it 'd be possible to look at a range of different situations . 
  the uk had various members also get independence , for example . 
   the eu 's current standing articles require all commitments to be met for as long as the uk stays a member state , which includes the 2-year transitional phase . 
  no dispute there -- i 'm just talking about after that . 
   the eu and the us operate in extremely different law bases , should we compare the uk 's independence to lithuanian independence from the ussr too then ? 
  sure , why not ? 
  and australia 's independence from the uk and so forth . 
  they are n't gon na be identical , but that does n't mean that it 's not possible to establish an idea of what has been considered reasonable in the past under various conditions . 
   the uk has been berating the eu with pretty distasteful comments yeah , that 's true ... though it 's really more the media than the government . 
   the eu has signed and ratified documents proving that the uk * did * commit to funding these projects ( which are not even eu exclusive , as they also include , for example , iceland and norway ) . 
  sure , but the uk is gon na argue , `` just as you do not extend access to these programs to me as a consequence of my deciding to leave , so i do not need to pay for them after leaving . 
  leaving the european union severs such obligations . '', 
  are they * right * ? 
  i mean , it 's undefined . 
  i doubt that anyone will conclusively show that that argument is correct * or * that it is incorrect . 
  i do n't think that there 's an open-and-shut case as to what should happen , either way . 
   this is a really great idea , why do n't more countries do this ? 
  there was talk recently in the us we already have [ furloughs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/furlough ) . 
  the downside is that if the employee is expecting things to return to normal ... well , they may not . 
  a decrease in demand can also be permanent . 
   you do realize every generation thinks they 're the one that 'll fix shit and change the world right ? 
  every generation has changed the world and fixed things that their parents got wrong . 
  does n't mean that their kids wo n't be fixing things that they got wrong , though . 
   the benefit for the company is that it decreases their wage bill because they can cancel the contract with the company you work for just like that . 
  i mean , the us is normally at-will employment , and i think that it 's a good idea , but it does n't entail large-scale use of temping agencies . 
  it 's seeing growth this year . 
   urbanisation is n't bad because there 's huge upsides to it regarding levels of education , income , mobility and so forth and the emigration problem is outweighed by the amount of capital and modernisation coming in . 
  urbanization is fine , but in a world where pension obligations are at the country level and young people are leaving the state * en masse * ... i do n't think that there would be concern if people were going to a city within italy . 
  given that germany is in the eu and has a workforce of 41 million , i 'd hope that it 'd be more than 4.8 million . 
  i 'm honestly getting kinda irked how many people are interpreting the fire to support their own political ideals . 
  * go to / r/unitedkingdom and that crowd ( which is left and wants a labour win badly ) is acting as if theresa may personally lit the fire and spat on the residents . 
  * in us media , i was reading a rather smug article about how * us * buildings had this banned for five years , implying that the us knew the score on fire safety better than anyone else . 
  * on this forum , you 've got europhilic folks acting as if this is a clear example of why euroskepticism is a bad idea . 
  at this rate , we 're gon na have someone writing for a geriatric crowd explaining why the fire shows how things have gone to shit in modern society , because people do n't * act themselves * any more and just wait for firefighters . 
  maybe someone else explaining how if you take up their religion , you 'll have the personal strength and moral fiber to go down and alert everyone in the building . 
  you 'll have the anti-trade crowd proclaiming that blocking trade with china and preferably the outside world in general would avoid all this . 
  a representative ? 
  without reading the court materials , my guess is that they did n't , but that the way the plaintiff structured the claims made the sa claim * prima facie * invalid due to sovereign immunity . 
  for example , if i claim `` the saudi government intentionally blew up the twin towers , and iran failed to perform sufficient security checking as part of some security agreement '' , my claims are pretty different . 
  in one , i 'm suing saudi arabia for actions that i claim they chose to take . 
  afaik , normally countries do not permit claims like this due to sovereign immunity , so the judge can simply throw the case out , because even if i were correct in my claim , the court has no jurisdiction in the matter due to sovereign immunity . 
  the us has -- and i 'm not an expert on this , beyond a lecture or two and a bit of reading ; ianal -- granted people the ability to sue it for damage cause by errors of people working in the federal government . 
  my guess is that a similar route applied to iran in the ruling . 
  your takeaway should be that the judge did not make any meaningful evaluation of the claims . 
  all he did was rule that ( a ) he did n't have jurisdiction for the claim about saudi arabia , and ( b ) he did for the one over iran , and ( c ) that iran simply ignored the case . 
  that 's the extent of the judge 's involvement .
