  on the other hand , i think that there 's a lot of support for limiting immigration , which at least stateside is mostly a right-wing position . 
  basically , i 'd be interested in seeing a poll like this , to see how / r/europe thinks , but on policy issues rather than on self-image on a spectrum . 
  even better would be if we could do it every six months or so and see how views migrate around here . 
  i know that / r/europe -- or at least its vocal users -- were * vastly * more-enthusiastic about immigration about two years ago , for example . 
  i that the economic policies that melenchon wants are probably not advantageous to france -- that is , france will probably be worse-off overall . 
  i think that france is having to slog through the same process that the us went through and china went through -- moving labor off of small , inefficient farms to cities . 
  sucks , as people who have read * grapes of wrath * can probably understand . 
  but i do not think that there 's a positive feedback loop that would lead to communism there . 
  more to the point , though -- i do n't think that the french adopting well-into-the-left-wing policy is actually a huge issue , at least for a non-frenchman . 
  good idea ? 
  eh , probably not , but it 's not * that * big a deal outside france . 
  but france leaving the eu ( which could very much happen under melenchon , if one is assuming that he is not lying about what he will do ) would potentially have an absolutely globally-felt set of repercussions if it cracks up the eu , which would be a possible outcome . 
   exploitation that 's china 's responsibility to determine -- if china 's underestimating it , then china loses out . 
  if china 's correctly estimating it , then there 's nothing amiss -- the industries in question * should * go overseas , as you 've chinese workers willing to work on a different set of terms from us workers , and the us workers should be in a different field that 's more-acceptable . 
  in either case , it 's advantageous to the us to permit china to determine standards and permits job to move if that 's what the market determines . 
   and global warming global warming is a legitimate externality ( though in china , local pollution is a rather-larger concern ) , but the us has much higher carbon emissions per-capita anyway , and realistically policy-makers have not shown much interest in seriously reducing carbon emissions . 
   so you do n't care if workers are maimed , disfigured , or destroyed so long as you get cheap product that 's china 's responsibility to set . 
  for the us to be setting labor standards for chinese workers would run the risk of people trying to abuse labor safety standards as a protectionist measure , and run the risk of the us misunderstanding what china actually requires . 
  also , we would n't want to force a common global standard -- it 's likely that some countries will have some unnecessary requirements and others wo n't have all the requirements they need , and having a different set of standards lets them compete . 
   a race to the bottom . 
  well , no -- as long as the us safety requirements are accurately-reflecting what should be imposed on us workers , if it 's not economic to do it in the us , then the markets will correctly shift the jobs elsewhere . 
  it wo n't drop below what labor law permits . 
  nah , the press always plays up how terrible the opposing side 's appointments are . 
  the appointment more-or-less maintained status quo on the court . 
  there 's nothingbthat 's specific to trump there -- any gop appointment would have been similar . 
  sure , but nothing is out of the ordinary vis-a-visit the appointment of the scotus slot -- the guy is what any republican administration would have appointed . 
  the most complaint is `` i wanted a dem appointment , not gop '' . 
  trump 's not really uniquely concerning on those grounds . 
  i have a difficult time believing that the shortest line to a more-optimal organization is starting over from scratch and tossing out sixty years of work . 
  i also think that some of the issues that the eu faces are simply a product of its environment , and that a replacement would deal with the same ones . 
  he 's not proposing a move to communism . 
  i mean , he 's certainly left-wing and anti-trade and wants to break up the eu into these protectionist blocs that would weaken the eu economically , and i 'm sure that there are some communists who support him , but he 's not advocating for a shift to a communist society . 
  you can do * that * and still leave loopholes . 
   first of all , our only successful armed rebellion was against a government thousands of miles away and only succeeded with the help of another world superpower who wanted to stick it to the brits . 
  the civil war , while a bloody and destructive armed rebellion , did not result in those uprising getting what they wanted . 
  no , but it came close , and had the backing of a minority of the populace . 
   because the government was already too powerful . 
  in today 's day and age , the police in the us are equipped as if they were a military , and our military is ridiculously over-funded and technologically advanced . 
  relies on a supply system that would n't be functioning in such a situation . 
  an f-22 's got no purpose in what would amount to guerrilla warfare happened . 
  the us public has more firearms than every army , navy , every military in the world combined with every law enforcement agency in the world . 
  in fact , if all of their firearms vanished and were replaced from the us private arsenal , there 'd still be about enough left over to give every man , woman , and child in the united kingdom their own firearm . 
  you 'd have random killings happening . 
  sure , if everyone opposed to you obligingly bunched up in one spot , things would be different ... but that 's not what control of a civilian population looks like . 
  tanks and artillery just do n't have much purpose in such a role . 
  propaganda is a more-interesting question for the kind of thing that you 'd be talking about . 
  and you 're [ incorrect about the modern world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_revolutions_and_rebellions#2010s ) -- uprisings do happen . 
  it 's rather that people are typically not in a position where they gain much from rising up , where the system is working fairly well . 
   if some politician tries to start taking guns , you 'd see headlines about a few crazies in the south or west of the us getting into gun fights with law enforcement trying to enforce the new law ... and then being promptly killed due to the technological difference . 
  nah , ratio does n't make sense . 
  you 're thinking `` well , if you have a ruby ridge , you could just repeat at large scale '' . 
  but the resources are n't structured to scale something like that up . 
  and so it begins . 
  eh , you could have someone volunteer to aggregate and filter out ads . 
  i do n't think that it 's worth it , though . 
  it 's really only the novelty that provides value . 
  i 'm not defending the * image * he builds . 
  i think that he has made decidedly-poor decisions there , whatever his motivation , be it domestic politics ( `` things would be awesomer but we have weak leaders who just refuse to use clout '' , `` international organizations are all controlling the us because alex jones said so '' crowd ) , trying to produce a more unpredictable image for the us ( the state department knows decidedly better what image will be helpful , and trump 's personal involvement sure is n't going to be informed ) , or trying to play games with putin ( russia 's intelligence and diplomatic agencies are n't stupid either ) . 
  i 'm just saying that i 'm not concerned about him actually doing much from a policy standpoint . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not unwise for him to try to shift the us image to be more unpredictable . 
   it 's a ( american ) liberal joke that makes fun of conservatives and their leaders , specifically calling the man they elected a `` man-child , '' a liberal talking point that some liberals push very hard to try and discredit and attack the current president because they do n't like him , historically , us presidents have taken a fairly-dignified , low-key position wrt the rest of the world . 
  trump does not , and he gets flak for it . 
  he has earned that . 
  he has toned things down a bit recently . 
  it 's possible that if he tones things down to regular levels and holds it off , some years down the road the image may fade . 
  he has also had people around him make statements that are not diplomatically-acceptable , like advocating for an eu breakup . 
  that may be great domestic politics with the nwo-alex-jones-listening conspiracy theory lowbrow crowd , but when people are furious about it in much the same way you would be if someone seriously threatened breaking up the us , you ca n't complain about it . 
  he 's consistently produced a hamfisted diplomatic image . 
  the us does n't have `` america , the continent '' . 
  we say `` the americas '' if we 're talking about north america and south america both . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continent#number  the seven-continent model is usually taught in china , india , pakistan , the philippines , parts of western europe and most english-speaking countries , including australia [ 22 ] and the united kingdom . 
  [ 23 ] -  the six-continent combined-america model is used in france and its former colonies , italy , portugal , spain , romania , latin america , [ 24 ] and greece . 
  bc actually does n't do floating-point , as an interesting trivia tidbit -- it does fixed-point with a relatively-high scale . 
  the overhead of starting an external process for every numeric computation is substantial . 
  omission of information to give a misleading information can be a concern . 
  the `` scrap nafta '' thing bothered me when i first * heard * it . 
  but he 's also said `` scrap '' ( and quietly ) `` or renegotiate '' . 
  sniping at nafta from republican politicians to republican voters who want protectionist policy wrt mexico but only advocating for policies that give the * appearance * of doing anything is a long-standing tradition . 
  for example , ron paul liked to complain about nafta and say that it should be removed , and then in rather-less-loud-and-well-publicized bits ( `` because it is n't free-enough '' or `` because it imposes restrictions '' ) . 
  the tories in the uk have perhaps-less-than-scrupulously claimed that what the brexit voter * really * wanted in voting for brexit was ( in comparison to the protectionist labor environment free of competing poles that one might have expected ) a much-more-open and competitive environment with more free trade agreements with the rest of the world . 
  nafta has been up for updates for a while , and doing that would check the `` renegotiation '' box . 
  thus far , trump has mostly done nothing other than very-heavily market all the things that he * is * doing in a flood of material -- he has a constant stream of very-minor or dubious-that-anything-changed deals coming in , which give the not-all-that-aware voter the impression that he 's engaging in all sorts of protectionist policy , all while doing essentially nothing . 
  that 's not * that * surprising -- he avoided any fine details of policy changes he wanted during his campaign . 
  here 's my forecast for trump 's presidency . 
  he will continue to try to give the impression of doing things but being stymied by the other party for things that he does n't actually want to do ( a common tactic in the us due to the frequency of gridlock , but right now the democrats are out of the picture , so the gop is having to rely on the rather hilarious image of trump being a `` maverick '' and blocking the healthcare reforms that they so want to put through ) . 
  nafta will be updated ( possibly adding the uk , though i doubt that was the original goal ) in some form that will probably not substantially change the agreement . 
  trump will build some more wall ( which he carefully-avoided quantifying ) , the same as bush did along the same border . 
  major difference is that trump 's willing to use offensive and impolite speech . 
  trump will push some policies that he knows wo n't past courts and then flail around when those horrible judges block him from implementing the will of the voter . 
  he 'll take credit for doing more things ( like ending tpp , which was already effectively dead ) that were going to happen anyway . 
  he 'll continue to maintain the same schtick until he leaves office . 
  ffs , trump has the gop party lead as white house chief of staff . 
  he does n't have any sort of real policy agenda at all -- he 's got an act , and the gop will just run the same ol' boring republican set of policies . 
  probably good news for people who do n't like the estate tax ... 
  so , i 'm not very * happy * about having him slag on trade agreements , because it legitimizes the position and it bothers me a bit what effects it might have down the road , risks shifting the political goalposts , which can have an effect . 
  and i 'm not really happy about the effects he has on the international american image . 
  but i 'm not very worried about * him * actually changing much in terms of policy . 
  i 'm kinda disappointed with the american public for buying in , but i suppose every politician has their own ways to appeal to voters . 
  trump 's just a lot cruder than we 've had for a long time ... maybe ever , for a winning candidate . 
  well , turkey 's system * did * clearly limit power in that he had to modify turkey 's constitution ... it 's just that modifying the constitution was n't that hard .
