  its `` unfortunate '' that some states still have protections for citizens from corporate predations . 
  how `` unfortunate '' . 
  if a corporation hurts you , you can still sue to be made whole -- compensatory damages are still available . 
  you even still get punitive damages , typically with a cap now imposed of maybe 2x to 5x compensatory damages . 
  hell , in my eyes , the plaintiff should n't receive any punitive damages at all , since it creates a misincentive -- instead , the punitive damages should be treated as a fine , and go to the state . 
  that 'd internalize the negative externality of the defendant 's actions ( which is what you want ) without modifying the platintiff 's incentives to favor suing . 
   they did n't `` accidentally '' do anything of the sort . 
  they deliberately shot down that iranian passenger jet . 
  the captain thought it was a fighter jet and did intentionally fire -- but it 's not the captain at question , but the state , and the state did n't intend to be shooting down airliners , and does n't consider that to be reasonable collateral damage . 
  i agree . 
  the dispute is just over the question of who recognizes whose territorial rights there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease  in economics , the dutch disease is the apparent causal relationship between the increase in the economic development of a specific sector ( for example natural resources ) and a decline in other sectors ( like the manufacturing sector or agriculture ) . 
  the putative mechanism is that as revenues increase in the growing sector ( or inflows of foreign aid ) , the given nation 's currency becomes stronger ( appreciates ) compared to currencies of other nations ( manifest in an exchange rate ) . 
  this results in the nation 's other exports becoming more expensive for other countries to buy , and imports becoming cheaper , making those sectors less competitive . 
    while it most often refers to natural resource discovery , it can also refer to `` any development that results in a large inflow of foreign currency , including a sharp surge in natural resource prices , foreign assistance , and foreign direct investment '' . 
  [ 1 ]   the term was coined in 1977 by the economist to describe the decline of the manufacturing sector in the netherlands after the discovery of the large groningen natural gas field in 1959 . 
  the problem is that the whites did n't have popular support . 
  so you 'd be trying to impose a new government on a large , hard-to-control-at-the-time country with the general public opposed to the government . 
   country is too big for its population . 
  it is indefensible and so the state must puff its chest and project power . 
  iceland , australia , and canada all have lower population densities than russia . 
  they seem to do all right . 
   democracy wo n't hold russia in it 's current form as one united country . 
  what if the government does n't permit leaving ? 
  i mean , there 's no ongoing civil war or anything in russia . 
  what region/regions are the ones that are disadvantaged by being in union and would want to leave ? 
  the world was pretty much monarchy or something that looked kinda similar up until about 1800 . 
  hmm . 
  are they , in fact , called `` anti-corruption meetings '' ? 
  well , maybe in a high-level sense . 
  but that 's not gon na be the issue here . 
  most countries do not permit themselves to be sued in foreign courts -- this is called [ sovereign immunity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_immunity ) . 
  and normally , countries do n't let lawsuits be used as a way to reverse foreign policy domestically . 
  broadly-speaking , the us will tend to pay for damages caused when it 's made an * error * . 
  like , let 's say it wanted to guard a chunk of sea and [ accidentally shot down a passenger plane ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) . 
  that was n't the goal of the policy put in place , so you might be looking at amends being handed out . 
  but the bombing campaign * was * intended , and there 's no way that a country is going to accept a precedent of trying to have its war policy being hamstrung via tort law . 
   if eu really cared about keeping democracy they wouldnt support our whole government led by vucic if the eu started becoming deeply involved in internal politics in europe and kicking out leaders , my take is that you would wind up with people more pissed off . 
  i am not familiar with current serbian politics . 
  but the guy was just elected this year , yes ? 
  was there vote fraud ? 
  were electoral opponents killed or physically-intimidated ? 
   boys are everything but democracy . 
  they lie , steal , manipulate , lying , stealing , and manipulating is n't undemocratic . 
  it may be a sign of bad government , but ... 
   the u.s. department of defense claims that no human cancer of any type has been seen as a result of exposure to either natural or depleted uranium . 
  why on earth should there be compensation ? 
  what was done was precisely what was intended . 
  well , suing the us is n't going anywhere on sovereign immunity grounds . 
  i suspect that the same is true of most other countries . 
  if a country decides to do something in foreign policy and does it , there is n't normally a remedy like that . 
  it is n't a made-up narrative -- it was a real problem in the us , and there were reforms in most states to cap punitive damages as a multiple of compensatory damages . 
  unfortunately , there are still a few states that do n't have caps ... 
  i guess the coup in iran could count in that the cia was the driving force for it . 
  cointelpro was not a false flag operation . 
  it was a counterintelligence effort . 
  the gulf of tonkin was one real attack by torpedo boats , and one incorrect reporting the next night based on radar data in a storm . 
  it was not a false flag operation . 
  the kennedy assassinations were not false flag incidents . 
  operation gladio was not a false flag incident ; it was an coordination with far-right groups in italy stay-behind cell to operate against the soviet union if the soviet union invaded italy . 
  we made similar arrangements in alaska in case the soviet union had invaded alaska . 
  the cia aided in the allende overthrow . 
  i suppose that you could call it a false flag operation , though given that the people who had set up the thing were the ones who were openly doing it , i do n't think that that 's normally the term that would be used . 
   but you get the picture i hope . 
  yes : you 're claiming a lot of things that are n't normally recognized as false flags to be false flags . 
   the attack on the us navy ship that usa used as casus belli for vietnam war ... that was not a false flag incident . 
  a false flag incident has a operating and pretending to be another country . 
  there were two reported torpedo boat attacks in the [ gulf of tonkin incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_of_tonkin_incident#first_attack ) : the first was an actual one by torpedo boats . 
  the second was the * maddox * thinking that the boats had returned based on radar data in a storm at night ; she fired rounds in their area . 
  in fact , she was just reading bogus data from waves . 
  too bad trump was just toying with mitt romney in the cabinet consideration process , or we could have had someone [ wearing magic underwear ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_garment ) in the top position in the cabinet too . 
  all right , can you give me a list of false flag operations that the us is known for ? 
  [ cathy mcmorris rodgers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cathy_mcmorris_rodgers ) is a graduate of pensacola :  mcmorris rodgers is the highest ranking republican woman in congress , serving as the chairman of the house republican conference . 
  honestly , if russia believes that it can no longer hold territory against someone who wants to take it and who is unwilling to respect russia 's territorial integrity , it will probably sell . 
  it 's at least a less-bad outcome . 
  same thing as alaska . 
  war costs on both sides , and you can charge up to the cost of that war . 
  only time you get war is if two sides have different views about the outcome of a war or what those numbers are . 
  territorial integrity is a big thing for most countries , probably including ukraine . 
   there 's exactly one reason for not treating mh-17 and using human shields all over donbass as terrorism . 
  it 's afact that it would require immediate action according to us law . 
  but they are reluctant to do so . 
  < headscratch  us law ... you mean that the us would be responsible for doing something ? 
  which law is this ? 
   usa had no reason to attempt to make such a complicated false flag attack . 
  nor is there any history in the world of any `` false flag operations '' from * anyone * approaching anything like this complexity . 
  false flag operations exist -- the attack on the railway that japan used as an excuse in world war ii , the artillery attack that the soviets used as an excuse to invade finland in the winter war -- but they are rare , involve few people , and are not complicated . 
  so if you claim a `` false flag '' attack , you 're claiming that there 's an * immense * gap between this and anything we 've ever seen in history . 
  that 's a pretty big red flag . 
  uh ... we are ? 
   but at the same time i feel like something * has * to change in spain . 
  the country has no innovation , no industry ; we 're becoming a corrupt , cheap holiday resort for norther european tourists . 
  frankly , i find it very dubious that secession is a plausible fix for `` innovation '' or industry . 
  uh huh . 
  but you can also measure correlation between the religion a kid has and the religion their parents have , and while i did n't look at their model , i 'm assuming that that 's what they 're doing -- the fact that there * is * that correlation is why you get religion being so regional , with islam in some places , shintoism in other , anabaptists in others , etc. 
  the correlation is not one , true . 
  but it is n't 0 either , and i suspect that it 's not far off 1 ... 
  i know . 
  it 's frustrating to see youth flirting so closely with damnation . 
   i am very , very pro eu , but things like this , and this can be said about greece and portugal as well where i notice the same attitude to smoking , makes me thing that uk is so far ahead in some areas we might be better off with a brexit !,
