  i hope that we 'll someday reach the point that politicians can just say `` i 'm changing the policies that i set because a substantial number of voters have changed their position , and in a democracy , we expect the wishes of the public to be reflected '' instead of `` i had a personal epiphany and now this new policy is my deeply-felt desire and ideology . '', 
  i mean , i like google a lot more than those companies -- they do provide good products , the google engineers i know are technically solid , and i think that the company has contributed a lot technically to the world , but this is n't a popularity contest . 
  google may not have done as sketchy things as microsoft did , but you can hardly say that they 're treating their own services agnostically relative to competitors in fields that they are dominant in . 
  i do n't know whether they violate antitrust law in germany , but they definitely violate the spirit , regardless of whether they violate the letter , of that law . 
  i could very easily see restrictions where someone who has a website ( e.g. 
  google 's search ) can provide a new service deemed to be in another field ( google 's map service ) without providing a common api for other providers to use and for the default provider to be selected randomly or via some similar mechanism . 
  a lot of people here were pretty sour about the introduction of electronic voting in the us . 
  slashdot and researchers at tech universities , * hardly * anti-tech , were loud voices complaining about the introduction of e-voting in the us . 
  i 'm not opposed to tech per se , but e-voting drops fundamental properties that are really valuable for voting to have without buying any properties that are really useful . 
  i wish that this had not gone through here ... 
  my understanding is that having a isolated , rural cottage is a bigger deal in finnish/swedish culture , so i suspect that there 's a well-established market for these things there . 
  might want to be poking around there . 
  also , you 'd probably benefit from a low population density country if you want to do that . 
  i 'd add that if you just want to `` get away from things '' ( i 'm assuming that you 're not trying to dodge the law here ) , the us is * actually * pretty good at that due to having a ton of land relative to people . 
  you can live away from anyone else , and you wo n't have to deal with whatever 's involved in obtaining residency in in the country . 
  hit up trulia/redfin for rural idaho , say . 
  labor in the us is expensive , but rural land is not . 
  [ the market rate of maltese citizenship -- and thus , one can infer , access to the eu -- is a bit north of half a million pounds ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/shortcuts/2013/dec/10/want-to-buy-citizenship-super-rich-malta-passports ) . 
  when you consider that each unmarried person in the eu is walking around with the ability to extend citizenship simply via marriage -- okay , sure , you have to deal with a marriage that way , but it 's a not insignificant chunk of assets available -- it 's surprising that people do n't leverage that by marrying outside the eu more frequently . 
  well , i certainly had n't ever had the idea enter my mind until i read this article title ... 
  `` that 's * mr. * pm me your ladyboys when we 're in the office if you expect continued employment here , schultz . '', 
   as the papers relating to the selectors show , nearly every foreign embassy in berlin had been monitored . 
  hahaha , suck it , mongolia . 
  seriously , though , the fact that email is very poorly-protected , which is apparently what was being targeted , should be a higher-profile concern . 
  * while end-to-end encryption is available , it is poorly-deployed . 
  * subject and address information is not protected by any widely-deployed email protection system . 
  there is substantial information leakage here -- training people not to leak information is subject lines is probably not practical . 
  * the ability to read email is often a backdoor to almost any other service -- email is considered trusted . 
  if i can read email to your inbox , i can reset passwords to most other services . 
  it makes a foundation of sand for everything else . 
  there are a few good things : * no single centralized service to compromise ( though some large webmail providers would be very appealing targets and suspect have been hit ) . 
  * gpg/pgp-based email security , unlike x. 509 , does not rely on ca security . 
  cas have been compromised in the past , and i am not sold that state security does not have the ability to compromise one or more of them . 
  additionally , unlike what the eff 's ssl observatory does for the web browser , i do not think that there is any widespread software infrastructure to detect mitming via ca certificate compromise between mail servers . 
  domestic politics on both sides . 
  guess the us market is n't really saturated and that investors are just overoptimistic about roi , then . 
   just today on the news there is a video of two brits kicking and stabbing the shit out of another because he wanted them to be less loud . 
  what is this , the dark ages ? 
  are there no guns ? 
   british people are sneaky trash sneaky ? 
  what 's wrong with wanting to have a sunny beach vacation without being a cultural tourist ? 
   in many touristy places there was ( idk if it is still going ) many people accused of rape after having sex with a foreigner . 
  you raped me with your sexy spanish body , spaniard . 
  who could reasonably resist ? 
  pmcs are paid , sure . 
  use of pmcs does n't entail a claim over the country 's resources , which is presumably the objection here . 
  christ , she 's just indian . 
  it 's not like she 's gay or something , britain . 
   people like this just continue to push the narrative that countries within the eu ca n't work together effectively i think that they can . 
  i am not sure that they are prepared to do so . 
  if you have a common military , common procurement -- not just alliance and cooperation between between militaries -- i think that you 're going to have a hard time without a common foreign policy , because procurement decisions depend deeply on foreign policy . 
  what you are going to * do * with your military determines how you plan to equip it , and that is set by your foreign policy . 
  i am not sure that that entails federalization , but it comes close . 
  if you must mandatorially follow a foreign policy collectively set with other states , you 're not really operating as a sovereign state any more . 
  the eu probably also needs to compel military spending ( hell , even the looser nato association hit that ) , to avoid [ free-riding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free-rider_problem ) with a [ public good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_good ) . 
  that means the power to tax ( possibly indirectly , via mandating states to tax and contribute to their military ... nato is about as hands-off as this can get ) . 
  at that point , with no independent foreign policies , the only real difference between the eu and a new federation is the existence of article 50 , which is probably increasingly-impractical for members to invoke . 
  it 's possible that the eu is prepared to federalize into a country , but i do not think that public support is there yet . 
   the idea that geopolitical things can be solved through the un is very popular in europe but i tend to disagree with it . 
  it only ` solves ' anything when nobody on the un security council cares . 
  well , that 's perhaps because the un is structured to have a more-realistic assessment of its security capabilities . 
  the league of nations was more ambitious ... and was ignored . 
   the league is very well when sparrows shout , but no good at all when eagles fall out . 
  -- benito mussollini  would n't even matter if they did : they would n't be able to agree on foreign policy . 
  just take hungary and poland and you got case in point . 
  well , at some point , if the eu federalizes , there 's going to have to be a common foreign policy . 
  what 's the difference that poland and hungary have ? 
  i mean , i remember talking about this on here . 
   this leads to a critical and highly uncomfortable question : given widespread reluctance around the idea of a german nuclear deterrent , are paris and berlin ready to reach some sort of sharing agreement over the french nuclear deterrent ? 
  most unlikely . 
  france is n't going to want to give up her crown jewels being something exclusive that she brings to the table until germany is too . 
  i 'm not saying that it wo n't happen , but that i doubt that it will except at the final stage of a federalization : both will be part of a country , heavily committed to shared interests , at the time that control goes over . 
   france looks at military force not just through the lens of defense and deterrence , but also as a means of advancing its foreign policy and economic interests . 
  and it makes a proactive use of it . 
  germany rejects that vision . 
  it sees the military as a last resort defensive instrument . 
  maybe . 
  certainly there is a political difference in the public , but i 'm not sold on the position of military leaders and the top bureaucracy . 
  political problems are a marketing problem and can be solved in many ways , if national leadership wants to do so . 
  germany has an interest in not looking threatening to the rest of europe if the rest of europe is likely to be alarmed by this . 
  i 'm suspicious that this is a larger influence on german policy than some sort of gut feeling in planners . 
  i have not seen polls , but i do not think that the the idea of germany as a military power in 2017 bears the public stigma in europe that it would have seventy years ago . 
  i mean , you 're gon na have already made plans at that point and paid . 
   norway announced this week that 330 u.s. marines will remain in the country until the end of 2018 , a year longer than was originally planned . 
  the u.s. force arrived in january and is based near the western city of trondheim , 900 miles ( 1,450 kilometers ) from the russian border . 
  clearly an invasion force targeting the strategically-critical far northern icy wastes of russia . 
   neutral https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed_neutrality  armed neutrality , in international politics , is the posture of a state or group of states that has no alliance with either side in a war , but asserts that it will defend itself against resulting incursions from any party . 
  neutrality is n't pacifism . 
  the swiss follow the way of the porcupine . 
  you stay over there , i 'll stay over here , regardless of what you 're doing to anyone else over there . 
  you come over here , and you get a tail-smack and face full of quills . 
  may or may not be a good idea -- certainly increases the risk of divide-and-conquer -- but it 's not pacifism . 
   a sane eu would arrest anyone in these makeshift camps and automatically reject any and all asylum claims by these criminals . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_detention_in_the_united_states always an option for the eu , but it 's not cheap . 
  also , you need an alternate plan for immigration or to get birth rates up then . 
  not legal to employ people not legally present in france , if you 're thinking of cheap actors . 
  eh ... manslaughter charges . 
  i doubt that that 'd count as self-defense , unless you could credibly claim that you believed your life to be threatened , which you probably ca n't . 
  no history of illegal immigrants killing the drivers of trucks they break into . 
  most common-law countries have no form of national id and massive opposition to same .
