  it 's not `` i once worked for six months as a cashier in the uk , and so i have the same pension who spend their entire career as a police officer in london '' , right ? 
  as i see it , the reason for a pension is to avoid the negative [ externality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) of having destitute people who can no longer work running around and having to commit crimes , say , to survive . 
  in the uk 's eyes , that negative externality no longer exists , so you could say that the uk no longer has a direct incentive to pay out such a pension . 
  but imposing a pension is to simply require that the structure of compensation take a particular form . 
  it does not mean that the pension is not compensation for the work -- and to strip someone of their pension would be to remove compensation from them . 
  i do not know whether the uk has the * legal * ability to do so cleanly -- after all , i doubt that questions like this often come up . 
  maybe when the uk has previously granted independence to countries . 
  but in terms of what avoids creating mis-incentives ( like people in the future thinking that they might lose compensation owed them by the uk ) , i think that it makes sense to pay out any pension that would have been compensation for labor in the uk . 
  the same would also apply for the eu and britons , though my guess is that any liability on the part of the eu there is rather lower , given the greater number of people of working age that have come to the uk ... 
   and his equation is all based on ... postmodernism . 
  you may see it as silly , but ... 
  academia and science has authority in modern society . 
  the scientist is the elder/priest/holy man of yesteryear , the person who guides society . 
  that 's not , i think , a bad thing -- i think that in most senses , it beats the priest running things . 
  but it also means that we give authority , sometimes unwarranted , to people outside their field of expertise or based on a very weak certification process ( somewhere in the world , an institution has granted someone a doctorate ... or they simply assume a title based on their profession , like `` sociologist '' ) . 
  dugin was being interviewed about truth in media . 
  he started dragging in bits from other fields . 
  when he goes off into a set of appeals to authority and references to his credentials and references to philosophers and so forth , you may know enough about what they are talking about to laugh it off . 
  but the typical person watching a bbc show does not . 
  maybe he knows what postmodernism is , but then he probably does n't know anything about sociology . 
  if he knows something about sociology , he probably does n't know much about philosophy . 
  so he 's left unfamiliar with the argument , feeling that someone who * knows better * than he about things is confidently stating something , and thus he should probably trust them . 
  the default , the safe default , is to trust what you do n't understand , to avoid making yourself appear ignorant in front of others . 
  even if your responsibility as a reviewer is to catch errors , you default to simply trusting what you do not understand . 
  and that 's why if someone can make an argument that relies on bits of material from multiple fields , something that few people can decipher on-the-fly , they tend to let it go . 
  if you 're familiar with the [ sokal affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sokal_affair ) or the [ bogdanov affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bogdanov_affair ) , you 've seen efforts to hijack ( in the first case , to expose the hijackability ) of the social authority of science in such a way . 
  use material that draws from many fields and claims authority . 
  even if it 's gibberish , unless you understand what is being said well enough to point out its flaws , you probably do n't want to put your reputation on the line criticizing it . 
  and so , often utter nonsense can be accepted . 
  i do n't know if there 's a term for this sort of process , but i think that it 's a real flaw in our modern system of reputation in society . 
  further , dugin was exploiting the interview process , which i think that many people have become very good at exploiting . 
  examples here : * letting someone guide the topic to where they want themselves . 
  i can spend a year crafting a prewritten speech and doing all the research i want . 
  i may understand very little of each field that i 'm talking about , but i will talk only about the part that i 've read up on . 
  you have to understand the field well enough that if someone starts talking about particle physics in the middle of talking about society , that you understand that chunk . 
  dugin grabbed the conversation and ran with it for the first half of the interview , started dragging in irrelevant fields . 
  the interviewer had to know enough to follow and catch any issues with what he said ahead of time . 
  * making the default to be to accept the truth of something . 
  in an interview , if the interviewee is not called out on something , viewers are going to implicitly assume that whatever was raised is correct , so there 's an implicit endorsement by the interviewer of what he 's saying . 
  one way to avoid this is to be explicit about what you 've accepted -- stop the interview , spit out your understanding of the relative bits , and require someone to argue each point to where you 've accepted it before you pronounce what you agree with . 
  * live interviews , like this . 
  it 's easier for an interviewee to spend time researching something ahead-of-time than it is for one guy to , in split seconds , analyze his statements for flaws . 
  i do n't have a great fix for that , other than moving away from the live interview format . 
  * letting the interviewee continue on instead of letting the interviewer stop the interview . 
  if a viewer is watching , loses the train of reasoning and just assumes that a solid argument has been made up to this point ... well , the interviewee can hide the fallacy . 
  dugin switched definitions of `` truth '' away from `` factual truth '' and then rushed on into an extended answer talking about things predicated on that different definition of truth , talking over the interviewer . 
  miss the guy introducing the logical flaw , then talking over the interviewer as he spends much of his time building an argument on that flawed foundation , and it becomes hard to find the flaw -- by the time the interviewer gets back to the flaw ( which he did try to do here ) the viewer may have forgotten the original flawed statement in a blizzard of words . 
  give the interviewer a button to simply cut the interviewee 's mic , play a sound , and give him control of the interview . 
  * letting the interviewee interrupt the interviewer while the interviewer is exposing an error in what he said . 
  dugin simply interrupted and overrode the interviewer while the interviewer was stumbling back to highlighting the difference between his definition of truth and factual truth . 
  he did n't want the conversation going there . 
  give the interviewee a live mic only when the interviewer permits it . 
  it may be that you , and a handful of people who are familiar-enough with the concepts , can laugh dugin 's statements off as being silly , because you are analyzing his statements differently and in isolation from much of the audience . 
  that does not mean that dugin was not effective in promoting the ideas he wanted to promote to the bulk of bbc viewers . 
  well , i certainly ca n't prove it . 
  but we ca n't know either way -- so it 's tough to say that those predictions create certainty . 
   * britain wants to run criminal record checks on eu nationals when they apply to stay in britain , which differ from those allowed under eu law . 
  eu negotiators said they needed more details . 
  i have a hard time imagining this being a hard gap to bridge . 
   * the 1.2 million british nationals in other eu countries should be able to get documents to prove their post-brexit status , british negotiators have said , while the eu does not see this as a priority . 
  same . 
  i do n't understand how the eu gains much ( processing cost ? 
  just charge a fee ) from not issuing a form . 
   * britain wants to keep the european health insurance card , which entitles british travellers to free or low-cost state-provided healthcare in europe . 
  but it remains unclear whether the eu will agree to this . 
  i do n't really see why this is essential for either the uk or the eu . 
  as i understand the system of medical care in the eu today , the state where someone is a citizen reimburses the state providing care . 
  ( btw , it seems to me that it should really be the state where they are employed , if they are employed ... otherwise , this is a really raw deal for poor countries that people are moving out of , as they both lose economic activity and must pay for the maintenance of the people generating economic activity elsewhere . ), 
  if britons do not lose their card , the uk will be on the hook for paying . 
  if britons lose this , individual britons will be on the hook . 
  the uk can reimburse them for their costs as a program that it can handle independently of any eu agreement . 
  i do n't see how it would make a huge difference , other than in maybe being a bit less confusing . 
   * the british side thinks the eu has ignored tens of thousands of `` posted workers '' who have been sent to the uk on short-term contracts . 
  the eu argues that posted workers should not be part of the brexit citizens agreement , because they continue to pay national insurance to their home countries . 
  would be interesting to know more about how they are treated differently . 
  for example , are they paying tax in the uk ? 
  have they established legal uk residency ? 
  if these are true , seems like there 'd be a better argument for requiring them to pay insurance to the uk . 
  if it 's a sales guy from greece staying in a hotel in london for three months , sure , seems reasonable to exclude him . 
  it 's basically what i 'd expected . 
  it 's disadvantageous to the uk ( since it 's inapplicable to citizens of other eu members living in the uk ) , but it 's the case today for all countries outside the eu -- being a non-citizen temporary or permanent resident of an eu member does n't give you the right to live and work elsewhere in the eu ( pending federalization ... ) , and getting such a right would be a special perk for the uk . 
  i doubt that the uk had expected anything different . 
  the article certainly does not cite any objections from the uk on the matter , and i have n't seen anything saying that the uk would be seeking such a right for its expats . 
  < eyeroll  `` it would be nice if we could foster poland-europe friction , while simultaneously whipping up nationalist resentment of efforts to remove our aging propaganda . '', 
   kosachev said moscow may push for sanctions against poland . 
  well , you ca n't very effectively sanction a country in a single market without sanctioning all countries in the single market , because they can just export via another member without too much cost . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder , though . 
  sanctions may need to be something that the world needs to pay more attention to . 
  sanctions are a tool that become a more-potent tool of power as international trade grows . 
  this has happened to a very great deal over the 200 years or so . 
  sanctions : * favor the larger economy . 
  * the world has had few rules on their use ( probably not in insignificant part because they are favorable to the major world powers that would write such rules ) , which leads to a much lower barrier to use than , say , military force . 
  * favor countries which are disproportionately economic powers relative to their military capability . 
  the eu hits harder in the economic field than the hard power field relative to the ratio in the us . 
  russia hits more-weakly in the economic field than the hard power field relative to the ratio in the us . 
  even though the eu is a single market , it 's still possible to disproportionately impact one country by sanctioning an industry that is highly-unique to that country -- for example , sanctions on a product only made in latvia may touch other countries , but only affect latvia . 
  this has some significance in the eu because of the existence of the veto -- anything that permits a single country to be pressured or influenced can have a greatly-disproportionate effect on the eu as a whole . 
  i * do * think that the carrot is more effective here ( `` how about i bribe malta to veto this '' ) , since any use of the stick can simply be exposed to the other countries impacted and it shown how it 's affecting them indirectly , but it 's worth considering ... 
  if this actually happens and becomes a regular thing in the eu ( poland is maybe not so much a target as some smaller countries ) , it might make sense to have the eu pass a compact where there is a review body that imposes countersanctions eu-wide if any member is sanctioned unless the body specifically approves the foreign country 's sanctions on the member in question .
