  my suspicion is that there are a bunch of factors going into this . 
  * could be regulatory or other costs that do n't exist in the uk . 
  if it were france , that 'd be my first guess . 
  * could be due to scale of market . 
  does n't seem too likely , since these seem pretty interchangeable . 
  * shoplifting may be higher : stores factor losses into the prices of goods . 
  * could be cherry-picked to show a point . 
  notice that people are n't choosing a basket of 500 randomly-selected goods and averaging the price . 
  they 're taking a few items . 
  the same thing will happen here . 
  * stores use [ loss leaders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loss_leader ) . 
  the idea is that people do n't shop around everywhere for every item . 
  they tend to want to shop at one place . 
  so if they are very [ price sensitive ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-sensitivity.asp ) to one thing , it 's possible to sell it at a loss to bring people in , then make it up on other items . 
  according to some of the posts from brits here , the british prices are unusually low and uniform purchases are a `` must buy '' annually . 
  so if lidl knows that people are buying panties or whatever those are and are placing disproportionate weight on that price , they have a low price to draw people in , then make up the money by fiddling other prices up and getting people to spontaneously buy things while they 're there . 
  for example , a grocery store will put the milk in the back ( you have to enter the store for it and have to walk past everything ) , and route you past everything else , and put impulse items like junk food by the counter , since people do n't place much weight on their price and will make snap decisions to throw them onto the checkout . 
  i understand that most gas stations in the us only break even on gas . 
  the gas prices are heavily-advertised , and people are price sensitive to them . 
  they make their money on heavily marked-up snacks at the attached shops . 
  with rational , fully-informed agents , that would n't happen ... but they 're optimizing for humans , and we are n't always perfectly rational . 
  anyway , point is that if this is a loss leader , it can be a rational strategy for lidl to have prices that vary from region to region at certain times , even losing money in the uk on certain items . 
  some elements of it have seen support from the us . 
  i do n't think that it 's accurate to reduce european integration as a whole , which covers a huge range of projects , to being `` an american project '' . 
  < puzzled  i mean , new york does have a not-insignificant movie industry , but it 's dwarfed by hollywood , out in california . 
  why specifically new york ? 
  or are you saying that things set in new england are just particularly popular in europe ? 
  yes , i 'd agree . 
  just as context , * aj + * is a brand that * al jazeera * , the qatari state [ international broadcaster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_broadcasting ) , uses . 
  you could think of this as comparable to * russia today * / * rt * / * ruptly * or * sputnik * for russia , * voice of america * or * rfe/rl * for the us , * deutsche welle * / dw for germany , france24 for france , etc. 
  if someone honestly believes that lidl is charging more to poles and that this is disconnected from their costs , then i 'll ask why other supermarkets are n't beating them out . 
  if you think that supermarkets are colluding to all have higher prices , then my response is : you are claiming that it is profitable to open a new supermarket chain in poland to capture some of that money , and that no investors have yet seen this opportunity . 
  why not do so ? 
  hell , they can even guarantee that they source everything through luxembourg or ireland or whatever . 
  i will believe that prices do vary , especially if you cherry-pick some , as an image of this form will do . 
  you can find price variations in the us too . 
  however , there is no economic mechanism or basis being proposed that i 've seen for retailers specifically targeting poles versus britons . 
  retailers are in the business to make money , not to cleverly see if they can make someone 's life worse . 
  the same competitive pressures that apply in great britain should also apply in poland . 
  5000 years in the future : `` we 're not sure what their purpose was , but many anthropologists believe that they had religious significance . '', 
   under these conditions `` the commission could initiate a common procedure against the two member states , '' said thiele . 
  it would then be no longer two procedures but one against a group of member states that would be excluded from the vote on sanctions and could no longer veto them . 
  that could be a pretty dangerous interpretation in that it does n't have any intrinsic limit other than the existing apparent one . 
  if it 's determined that there is no limit of one ... well ... say there 's a dispute and half of the members strip the other half of voting rights . 
  recipe for schism/civil war . 
   i want to thank the americans for cleaning up this mess that particular the germans refuse to do anything about . 
  well , thanks for the sentiment and all , but we really did n't -- the people we went after and the penalties imposed were on people breaking laws related to us sales or trying to block the regulators investigating . 
  we do n't have jurisdiction over eu laws on eu territory . 
  any benefit eu-side was indirect . 
  also , the guy has n't gotten life in prison :  mr. schmidt is facing 11 felony counts and a maximum sentence of 169 years in prison . 
  that 'd be if he pled innocent and was found guilty on all counts and given a maximum sentence on all counts . 
  a plea bargain will normally significantly reduce a sentence . 
  plus , as the article says , if he cooperates in bringing down other participating people at vw , his sentence may be even lower . 
   i want to thank the americans for cleaning up this mess that particular the germans refuse to do anything about . 
  well , thanks for the sentiment and all , but we really did n't -- the people we went after and the penalties imposed were on people breaking laws related to us sales or trying to block the regulators investigating . 
  we do n't have jurisdiction over eu laws on eu territory . 
  any benefit eu-side was indirect . 
  also , the guy has n't gotten life in prison :  mr. schmidt is facing 11 felony counts and a maximum sentence of 169 years in prison . 
  that 'd be if he pled innocent and was found guilty on all counts and given a maximum sentence on all counts . 
  a plea bargain will normally significantly reduce a sentence . 
  plus , as the article says , if he cooperates in bringing down other participating people at vw , his sentence may be even lower . 
  treating it as `` a move against the eu '' -- it was n't taken as that when eu members did it . 
  aside from what others have mentioned : the pm is also chosen by the party or coalition that controls a parliament . 
  so there 's less of a separaton of powers and less chance to have the executive and legislative parts of the government at odds . 
  i mean , okay , but if your government feels like it 's something that has value to the uk , why second-guess them ? 
  i mean , they did the right thing , but a medal ? 
  if the us grants something , i think that the closest thing would be the [ soldier 's medal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soldier%27s_medal ) . 
   the soldier 's medal is awarded to any person of the armed forces of the united states or of a friendly foreign nation who , while serving in any capacity with the army of the united states , including reserve component soldiers not serving in a duty status at the time of the heroic act , distinguished himself or herself by heroism not involving actual conflict with an enemy . 
  -  the performance must have involved personal hazard or danger and the voluntary risk of life under conditions not involving conflict with an armed enemy . 
  awards will not be made solely on the basis of having saved a life . 
  i doubt that this meets the bar , though . 
  they would have had to have seriously expected to possibly die going in . 
  looks like the guy who charged that assault-rifle-wielding terrorist on that french train got one , but he also had a very real chance of catching a burst . 
  if these guys felt that they could exit safely before the fire got too bad ... well ... it 's a good act , but not really risking a life . 
  why not ? 
  czechia 's software industry will be entirely occupied by producing [ arma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arma_\\ ( series \\ ) ) expansion packs . 
   ms. merkel once complained directly to california officials about the state 's strict nitrogen oxide limits . 
  in her defense , a friend of mine who hacks auto firmware with whom i once talked about the issue has the firmly-held position that california 's emissions laws are unnecessarily and absurdly restrictive too . 
   among other things , der spiegel said , the carmakers agreed in 2006 to limit the size of tanks used to hold a liquid required to neutralize nitrogen oxide fumes . 
  weird . 
  how is this advantageous to them ? 
  maybe you gain a bit of weight savings , but ... 
  seems to me that it could be zero . 
  * turkey 's an ally . 
  okay , erdogan 's insulting internationally , but , hey , trump is n't setting any records for international diplomacy either . 
  go whacking countries you work with , and you 'll find that people do n't much like cooperating with you . 
  * turkey has n't really done anything of huge substance internationally that 's a concern . 
  erdogan 's been insulting countries , probably because it plays well at home . 
  ignore the political act , because it 's irrelevant to what countries actually do . 
  trump was insulting to mexico , said something that a lot of manufacturing workers in the us angry about competition from mexico empathized with . 
  may not be good in terms of international image , but it 's domestic politics , not policy . 
  if you want people to ignore trump being an asshole to win voters , hard not to do the same for leaders abroad . 
  * that did n't work put too well in iran . 
  * were n't we just talking about how gulen would probably be as bad as erdogan domestically in turkey ? 
  if turkey 's got a problem , it 's that leaders like that can reach that point . 
  that 's a broader issue than one man . 
  * erdogan 's got the support of the public in turkey . 
  you may not like their choice , but he 's successfully sold himself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia  $ 1.561 trillion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey  $ 861 billion i mean , russia 's definitely bigger economically , but this is n't different ballparks . 
  turkey 's economy also is n't heavily centered around extracting fossil fuels .
