  the uk 's government can not easily give in on freedom of movement after having a referendum that , frankly , was heavily driven by freedom of movement . 
  barring a huge shift in voter opinion , a government that does this is doomed . 
  the eu can not easily give in on freedom of movement after repeatedly stating that this is a red line and needing it to help integrate european countries . 
  give in on freedom of movement with the uk , and which country might * next * see popular demands for labor protectionism and an end to freedom of movement ? 
  if either side budges , it crashes into major political problems . 
  my own favored approach would have been to have sunsetting brakes if the rate of population movement produces too much upset tied with large fiscal transfers that produce economic convergence within eu members , but the best time time for that was really in the past , not after a brexit referendum . 
  i think that a free trade agreement could be viable on both sides . 
  but single market membership ? 
  how do you address the political issues ? 
  < from a us standpoint  well , i was all geared up for some proper smugness , but then trump promptly ruined that !, 
  well , i think that it 's generally left most of the us public eye , other than the degree to which it might be raised again by , say , john oliver or similar sources . 
  from a us standpoint , i suspect that more people will care down the line whenever the uk and the us presumably set up some sort of trade arrangement . 
  my own take : * i think that brexit is probably disadvantageous to the uk economically , but will not be catastrophic . 
  * i think that it 's often treated as some sort of moral failing on the part of the british public , whereas the british public tended to act a lot like how other publics have acted in the past ( the us has been up in arms over immigration in the past too , and the us has a substantial history of immigration ) . 
  i think that it would be better-treated as a political failing on the part of the people running the eu -- that is , integration policy was made without correctly assessing the political impact among the public . 
  either the eu needed to track public opinion more closely , or needed to modify elements of integration , or do something else , as the goal of the eu was to manage many interests without anything `` breaking '' . 
  i tend to blame the eu , not the uk , but not on moral grounds -- from a standpoint of trying to juggle many political balls and not successfully managing it . 
  this would be on par with , say , buchannan letting the american civil war kick off without successfully taking action to deter it . 
  * i am no expert on the internals of the brexit process in the uk . 
  however , i am dubious that the actual political situation in the uk with a close political split has dramatically harmed the uk as a whole . 
  it 's not very good for tories ( and i probably agree more with tory economic policy than labour , if i must choose one of the two ) . 
  but i do n't think that it leaves the uk unable to negotiate . 
  at the end of the day , parliament is probably going to get an up-or-down vote on what the government has provided , and i do n't really see how a government weak against labour is in a dramatically weaker position to deal with the eu . 
  i suppose that the eu could leak unpopular material from the negotiation in the hopes of forcing a snap election if it felt that a labour government would provide a more-favorable deal for the eu , but that 's not that much leverage . 
  * i do n't think that boris johnson or some of the other figures are actually all that concerning for the uk . 
  they 're politicians , and they 're gon na politick . 
  politicians draw the public eye , yeah , but i 'd say that their image quirks are pretty irrelevant in terms of actually producing a deal . 
  the british bureaucracy , which i 'd consider to be the important bit here , has a pretty extensive and capable foreign policy history of doing a lot with a little . 
  * i do see getting some sort of deal as being valuable for both the uk and the eu . 
  both sides do seem to be publicly less-than-concerned-than-i-would-be about obtaining some form of arrangement . 
  but , maybe that has more to do with domestic politics or negotiating posture than it accurately represents real concerns . 
  * for the us , brexit might mean trading with the uk ( which would be good ; we have n't obtained a eu trade deal ) . 
  however , i 'm also a bit suspicious that similarity in the uk and us economy limit some of the benefits -- trade should benefit dissimilar economies the most . 
  sure , the uk probably has interest in getting access to natural resources , but those also are n't a huge chunk of the us economy . 
  * for the us , brexit might be politically-disadvantageous wrt the eu . 
  the uk and the us are quite aligned on a number of points . 
  their military bases and positioning , position on interventionism , liberal economic policies , international political ties , and so forth are all quite similar . 
  i worry about shift in the eu with the uk leaving to be less similar to the us , which may make life more-difficult from a us standpoint . 
  i also have some concern that the uk , with strong ties to two major entities on each sides of the atlantic , a history of clever foreign policy , and with difficulty in herding one large gorilla moving the direction it wants , could seek to try to play one against the other in future politics . 
  this was common in the cold war among non-aligned countries , and could potentially weaken both the eu and the us . 
  * while i was unimpressed with the referendum , and think that it was probably kinda depressingly under-informed , the uk also does n't have a history of referendums . 
  so even if referendums were regularly less-than-fantastic , it 's unlikely to harm the uk * too * much outside of this . 
  and , frankly , the day that a deeply-informed populace votes with a great degree of insight on a policy issue anywhere on anything will be the day hell freezes over . 
  as populations go , the british population is probably about as urbane and knowledgeable as one can reasonably expect . 
  if there are limitations here , it is on the public of countries in general , not specifically the british public . 
  as referendums go , i 'm actually more concerned about , say , the eu negotiating an arrangement with ukraine , but then having the eu authorities nearly undercut by dutch voters -- that is , the eu executive having credible authority in foreign affairs * will * be a common issue in the future , whereas british referendums probably will not . 
  i doubt that the uk is going to be immediately holding a lot of countrywide referendums any time soon ... 
   in serbia people loved it because someone finally stood up against angela merkel . 
  ... okay , that was n't an angle i was expecting . 
  why is angela merkel in particular disapproved of in serbia ? 
   you do n't really think that paul krugman is a far-left economist right ? 
  krugman writes a rather political column in the nyt , and definitely advocates for democratic policies . 
  when someone from the us says `` krugman is left '' , they mean `` krugman advocates for democratic policies '' , not `` krugman is a communist '' . 
  i do n't think that you 've followed turkey 's history . 
  turkey also charged the us for base usage in iraq . 
  this is not new . 
  i do not think that you are correct wrt realignment . 
  turkey 's broad geopolitical concerns have not changed . 
  i think that a number of people dislike turkey being a member for cultural reasons , suspect that this may be coloring your opinion , and i strongly disagree with this -- nato is a * military alliance * , not a country . 
  i do n't really know enough about the decisions behind taxation in my country to have a strong opinion about them . 
  there are some ways in which they differ from europe : * sales tax rather than vat . 
  our sales tax is much lower than europe 's maybe-20 % - or-so vat -- an average of about 8.5 % , counting state and local sales taxes combined . 
  there is no federal sales tax . 
  * property tax ( the uk , unusually , does not have property tax ) in almost all states . 
  * a high percentage of tax revenue comes from income tax rather than consumption tax . 
  this tends to shift more burden towards the middle class ( people who make a lot of earned income ) . 
  long-term capital gains tax -- where bill gates is going to pay his taxes from -- is separate from income tax , and typically lower . 
  * there are mostly-separate state and federal tax systems . 
  state taxes differ substantially in what they tax from state to state . 
  * taxation is generally more-progressive than in the eu , but government spending less-progressive . 
  * taxes are complex and not automatic . 
  there are various specialists and services to aid people in filing taxes . 
  * corporate tax levels are the highest in the world ( though there is complexity and ways to reduce it , leading to a substantially-lower effective rate ; this tends to be advantageous to large companies , which can spend a lot of effort trying to figure out complicated tax avoidance schemes ) . 
  note that these are * legal * . 
  * there is a federal payroll tax assessed for social security . 
  * some taxes ( e.g. 
  social security and income ) are paid by us citizens , even if they do not and have never resided in the us . 
  taxes paid abroad do count against this ; it eliminates the incentive to move to and work from a low-tax location . 
  i approve of the social security obligation . 
  i think that there may be an argument for a reduced income tax obligation , as people are not clearly benefitting from some services that are provided . 
  * there are certain restrictions that prevent people from making billions of dollars in stock options , surrendering citizenship , going abroad , and then immediately exercising those to realize the income in a lower tax location . 
  * the [ average overall effective tax rate ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2017/03/10/whats-the-average-americans-tax-rate/98734396/ ) , excluding consumption tax , from local , state , and federal taxes is 29.8 % . 
  * federal taxation is not revenue-neutral wrt spending , and poorer us states pay less in taxes and receive more spending . 
  i looked this up and the us had about 15x the level of cross-state redistribution as the eu has transfers of funds between eu members . 
  however , redistribution within an individual eu member tends to be higher than within an individual us state . 
  my take : * i think that there is enough wasted overhead from trying to assess taxes that i 'd be willing to give up some privacy to reduce the complexity and difficulty of filing taxes . 
  * i am broadly-speaking happy with the division with what federal taxes and what state taxes are responsible for . 
  in particular , i think that the eu would be better-off with an eu-wide social security system ; doing this on a country-by-country basis is disadvantageous to people living in a country that people are leaving . 
  * i think that having a property tax is probably a good idea . 
  i think that the uk would benefit from having a property tax . 
  * i think that the current high corporate tax and multitude of loopholes probably simply creates mis-incentives . 
  i think that narrowing the gap between the official and effective corporate taxes would be a good idea . 
   why are you so upset and angry about immigrants coming to your country and contributing to society and paying taxes ? 
  very broadly speaking , i suspect that most people are not enthusiastic about large-scale immigration . 
  it 's your home , it 's change , it 's political power shift away from people who think like you towards people who might want things to look different or vote differently . 
  i mean , i can see trying to convince people that it 's not likely to be nearly as bad as they 're making out , but immigration being unpopular should n't be a huge surprise . 
   trade between ni and roi to be monitored digitally/electronically . 
  some imaginative use of passive transmitters on produce that passes the border . 
  already been suggested on here , and i do n't see how rfid is helpful here . 
  first , rfid is not that powerful .
