  if mlp is capable of and wants to crack up the eu -- and certainly people here seem to say that this is the case -- then a lot of what the uk 's future will look like depends on a french election . 
  actually , that 's from one of the advisors that he appointed . 
   but it 's a serious issue . 
  germany is one of the most difficult trade deficits that we 're going to have to deal with but we 're thinking long and hard about that . 
  the . 
  goal . 
  trade . 
  not . 
  trade . 
  surpluses . 
  legally , this seems like it might be a really bad idea -- at least in the us , i imagine that it would . 
  if one person does it , it 's presumably petty theft or something . 
  plus , it 's probably staying off the radar . 
  if 160 people collaborate to do it , it 's presumably 160 counts of grand theft and conspiracy to commit grand theft . 
  we shall see whether anti-macron misinformation comes out something like 48 hours before the second-round election , before there 's any time to respond . 
  to be honest , i think that it 'd make more sense to just bring up wealth levels in those countries and increase movement throughout europe and let the problem take care of itself . 
  the us lets manufacturers sell regional variations ... but they do n't , apparently because people tend to value consistency over being more-finely-tuned to wealth levels in country x. 
  one way to do it might be via certification rather than licensing -- that is , instead of mandating that people do it , you have an agency to which someone commits to selling the same product throughout the eu-28 under the brand , and if they do so , they can put their `` eu-28 standard '' logo on the thing . 
  i wonder how accurate `` modern manx '' is -- like , whether people two hundred years ago would be able to understand it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tallinn_zoo  tallinn zoo is a zoo in tallinn , estonia , that was founded in 1939 . 
  it is the only zoo in estonia ... 
  so , basically , you need one giraffe . 
  someone should send a giraffe to estonia . 
   all genocides are mass killings no . 
  sterilization is not a mass killing , but it is a form of genocide ( and , in fact , the primary mechanism used by eugenecists early on in nazi germany and the only one in the us ) . 
  well , as the post points out , there * would * have been more ... 
  well , given that the morning blessing involves saying `` blessed are you , o lord our god , king of the universe , who hast not made me a woman '' , i 'd think that it 'd be kinda weird if women * were * saying it ... 
  ol' george has n't yet finished publishing his series . 
  do n't count him out yet -- he might manage to die before they 're completed . 
   try again !, 
  we can take into account higher french taxation if you want . 
  it 's going to cut into that number , though . 
  you 'll get something from social contributions , true . 
  probably not more than doubling the number . 
  those are the most-recent numbers on wikipedia 's median income article . 
   and is not based on polls but rather hard data !, 
  that 's hard data . 
  the british colonies [ wound up better-off than the french ones did ] ( http://www.sscnet.ucla.edu/polisci/wgape/papers/17_lee.pdf ) . 
   to identify the effects of colonial legacy , we focus on one case , the west african nation of cameroon . 
  originally colonized by germany , cameroon was divided between britain and france during world war i , and the two powers implemented widely divergent colonial policies in their separate zones . 
  the two areas were only reunited at independence in 1960 , and despite a strong policy of centralization , they retain separate legal and education systems and a strong attachment to the language and culture of their respective colonizers . 
  a comparison of these regions thus permits an excellent test of the col onizer influence hypothesis . 
  the regions became british and french colonies due to an exogenous shock unrelated to local conditions ( i.e. , the german defeat in ww i ) , and they have similar post-independence histories . 
  and while there might be differences in preexisting conditions across these regions , these differences are unlikely to be pronounced at the arbitrary internal boundary between them . 
  hence , we can use a regression discontinuity research design to identify the effects of colonial legacy . 
  the use of a single case keeps us from examining within-colonizer variation , but we will argue that the strategies pursued by the british and french and cameroon present a `` hard case '' for the hypothesis of british superiority . 
  a comparison of communities along the former colonial border shows that rural households on the british side have higher levels of wealth and are more likely to have access to improved sources of water ( a locally provided public good ) . 
  these results do not hold for urban areas or for centrally-provided public goods like education and roads , suggesting that the effect of colonial-era differences can be attenuated by post-colonial policies . 
  the exact origin of the british advantage are impossible to determine with certainty , but we hypothesize that it is caused by a combination of `` hard legacies '' ( lack of forced labor , more autonomous local institutions ) and `` soft legacies '' ( common law , english culture , protestantism ) . 
  the relative role of these two types of influences is a fruitful topic for future study . 
    a number of distinguished scholars have argued that british colonial origin is associated with positive outcomes , though they have not always agreed on what these outcomes are or by what mechanism british colonialism produces them . 
  the most influential strand has focused on economic growth and argues that growth is in part determined by the legal system bequeathed by the colonizer ( hayek 1960 , north 2005 , llsv 1998 ) . 
  the effect of legal system on development is hypothesized to operate through three mechanisms : 1 ) common law systems provide greater rights to investors and property owners , while 2 ) british culture creates a strong commitment to the enforcement of those rules that do exist , and 3 ) the independent judiciary and emphasis on separation of powers in common law systems provide a greater number of checks on political expropriation . 
  as north ( 2005 : 112 ) argues in the context of american economic development , `` the heritage of british institutions created a favorable milieu for the development of the institutions of impersonal exchange which were the foundation of the long-term economic growth ... ''   these arguments have been tested by a number of large-n studies , though these studies have tended to focus on measures of governmental policy ( which are correlated with economic growth ) rather than on growth itself . 
  llsv ( 1998 ) find that both protections for investors and the enforcement of those protections were stronger in common law countries than in civil law countries , particularly french civil law countries . 
  the same authors ( 1999 ) find that legal origin was correlated with `` quality of government '' ( corruption and public goods outputs ) and size of the public sector , with civil law countries having larger public sectors . 
  treisman ( 2000 ) finds that common law countries have lower levels of corruption , and he also finds some evidence that this effect is due to the cultural and enforcement-enhancing effects of british culture rather than legal tradition ( since common law and british colonization do not overlap perfectly ) . 
  hall and jones ( 1999 ) find that output per worker is correlated with language , with english having a particularly strong positive effect , which they see as being primarily caused by the positive economic effect of european settlement . 
   how is that liberalized economy working for you guys ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income | country | gross per-capita income in usd ppp | | - | - | | united states | 15,480 | | france | 7,847 | pretty well , thanks for asking !, 
   this is like if your choice was between trump and ted cruz . 
  < promtly  ted cruz . 
   what is the point of being employed in liberal economy when you are being paid shit and can be terminated at will ? 
  they 'd make more in a liberalized economy . 
  you 're right about being terminated at will , but that 's why you save up some money and instead of not being fireable for six months or whatever , just establish your own guaranteed unemployment by saving six months of living expenses . 
  i 'd pay to see your mental gymnastics in process step 1 . 
  poster posts photoshopped image step 2 . 
  i comment on it . 
  as far as i can tell , most french users here are center-left or center-right . 
  i have seen few people who i 'd call far-left with french flair . 
  oh , come the fuck on . 
  vote fraud is statistically not an issue in the us . 
  the right uses that crap as a boogeyman . 
   forcing laws that he knew to be impopular and against the french 's interest i 'd say that his reforms were in france 's interests -- france had been seeing high unemployment and needed to be more-competitive . 
  mother of god . 
  it 's not the nato administrative funds . 
  it 's the overall military spending that the 2 % refers to . 
  photoshopped images are ? 
   us because of pearl harbor strictly-speaking , the us joined because germany declared war on the us . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_history_of_the_united_states_during_world_war_ii president franklin delano roosevelt addresses a joint session of united states congress on 8 december 1941 , asking congress for a declaration of war . 
   following the attack on pearl harbor , president roosevelt officially pronounced 7 december 1941 , as `` a date which will live in infamy '' and asked for a declaration of war on japan before a joint session of congress on 8 december 1941 . 
  the motion passed with only one vote against it , in both chambers . 
  just three days later , on 11 december 1941 adolf hitler declared war on the united states , and had already remarked on the evening of the date of the japanese attack that `` we ca n't lose the war at all . 
  we now have an ally which has never been conquered in 3,000 years '' . 
  [ 28 ] the us [ declared war on germany december 11 , 1941 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1941_united_states_declaration_of_war_upon_germany ) , in response to the german declaration . 
  ditto for the italian declaration and the us declaration against italy -- the us did not declare against any of the axis who had not first declared against the us . 
  that being said , i suppose that it 's fair to say that one way or another , after pearl harbor , it probably would have inevitably have wound up being war between germany and the us ; by waiting for germany to declare first , the us required germany to either violate the [ tripartate pact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tripartite_pact ) or to act as the aggressor , either of which would have provided political benefits . 
  churchill , whose primary foreign policy goal leading up to that point had been to bring the us in ( and , though i 'm no expert on british foreign policy at the time , based on his `` we shall fight on the beaches '' speech , this had been the case since at least the dunkirk evacuation ) , wrote in his history of world world ii that he effectively considered the us to have been brought in against germany as soon as he got the telegram about pearl harbor :  no american will think it wrong of me if i proclaim that to have the united states at our side was to me the greatest joy . 
  i could not foretell the course of events . 
  i do not pretend to have measured accurately the martial might of japan , but now at this very moment i knew the united states was in the war , up to the neck and in to the death . 
  so we had won after all !, 
  yes , after dunkirk ; after the fall of france ; after the horrible episode of oran ; after the threat of invasion , when , apart from the air and the navy , we were an almost unarmed people ; after the deadly struggle of the u-boat war -- the first battle of the atlantic , gained by a hand 's breadth ; after seventeen months of lonely fighting and nineteen months of my responsibility in dire stress , we had won the war . 
  england would live ; britain would live ; the commonwealth of nations and the empire would live . 
  how long the war would last or in what fashion it would end , no man could tell , nor did i at this moment care . 
  once again in our long island history we should emerge , however mauled or mutiliated , safe and victorious . 
  we should not be wiped out . 
  our history would not come to an end . 
  we might not even have to die as individuals . 
  hitler 's fate was sealed . 
  mussolini 's fate was sealed .
