  huh ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
   we can not account for the longer term impact . 
  it 's kinda badly-written english , and you inserted a period that was not in the original text . 
  the original text is :  because our analysis only covers the time span 1891-1914 , we can not account for the longer term impact of pension insurance on people 's behaviour . 
  it 's saying that it did n't extend up to modern-day , so it can not cover outside the studied range . 
   most individuals [ nowadays ] do not consider old-age provision as a motive for having children you * also * modified the source text here . 
  come on , dude . 
  the original :  it should , however , not be surprising that nowadays most individuals do not consider old-age provision as a motive for having children . 
  the text is saying that the paper explains * why * individuals today do not consider old-age provision as a reason for having children -- because the state has eliminated the incentive by creating a state pension system that is disconnected from having children . 
  the paper is concluding that the introduction of state pensions * did * reduce fertility . 
  fair enough . 
  incandescents versus leds : * emitting gentle heat was specifically useful in things like chick incubators . 
  * consistent brightness over lifetime of bulb . 
  * consistent color over lifetime of bulb . 
  * standard shape compatible with lamps ( this one is also an issue for cfl bulbs , not just led bulbs . 
  incandescent form factors are well-standardized , but due to coils and electronic ballasts on cfls and heatsinks on leds , some bulbs do not fit in some lamps . ), 
  * higher brightness . 
  i use torchiere lamps at home that take twin 150-watt incandescents -- you 'd want a 2400 lumen led bulb . 
  while it [ looks like it 's now no longer * impossible * to get led bulbs that can do that ] ( https://www.amazon.com/xledia-d150n-equivalent-omnidirectional-enclosed/dp/b016mmcib8/ ) , and for $ 150 , you could pick up two led bulbs , i 've never seen 'em in brick-and-mortar stores . 
  the high-wattage led bulbs have historically been a bit pricy , though i suppose in the long run they 'll likely come down ( give it twenty years for patents to expire ... ) * incandescents do not explode . 
  cfls do n't either . 
  i 've read about some unpleasant reports of led bulbs tearing themselves apart and shattering ( could be the power supply capacitors or something , dunno ) . 
  i 've yet to move from cfl to leds , and have n't hit this myself , but i 'd be happy waiting until those kinks are worked out . 
  oh , yeah , and : * less-sensitive to on-off cycles in lifetime of bulb ( this also stresses incandescents , but not nearly as much as cfls ) . 
   the types of immigrants that reach europe unfortunately will always be of way lower education okay , that may be a legitimate source of criticism . 
  i 'm just saying that it 'd be the skillset at question , rather than the numbers . 
  if they are married , yes . 
  well ... it depends on how you define interest . 
  if you 're thinking that people are placing some value on propagating genes or something like that , sure . 
  but if you 're thinking about maintaining the integrity of the pension system , and you 're only valuing your standard of living ... me personally having a kid is n't in my self interest if it 's going to cost me a bunch * and * the kid is n't going to feel obligated to support me in my old age . 
  his taxed wages will be spread out over the whole population , and make an insignificant difference in my personal benefits . 
  so you get the [ tragedy of the commons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) -- it 's in my self-interest to simply pull out of the pension pool and not raise any kids to pay into it . 
  i 'm not sure that it 's correct to say that it is one or the other . 
  france * is * higher than , say , germany even among people born in france , which supports the marital policy difference , but there 's also a very large difference between people who were born abroad and people born in france ( and in fact , the latter difference seems rather larger ) . 
  they could both be contributing . 
  also , second-gen immigrants could also be contributing to france 's higher overall rate -- france does not , afaik , gather data on multi-generation immigrants , so there 's no way to say . 
  we got ta automate this . 
   we do n't need new workers at all because ( a ) many countries are full of too low qualified people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy  in economics , the lump of labour fallacy is the idea that there is a fixed amount of work - a lump of labour - to be done within an economy which can be distributed to create more or fewer jobs . 
  it was considered a fallacy in 1891 by economist d.f. 
  schloss , who held that the amount of work is not fixed . 
  [ 1 ] you may want a different distribution of workers on the skillset -- i.e. 
  maybe you want to suck in skilled immigrants rather than unskilled -- but it 's not normally the absolute number of workers that creates unemployment issues , since adding people also generates more demand . 
  however , in terms of funding pensions , the count * does * matter . 
  if you 're working to support a much-larger generation that 's living off pension , you 're going to be in trouble . 
  [ european central bank : pensions and fertility : back to the roots - the introduction of bismarck 's pension scheme and the european fertility decline ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scpwps/ecbwp1734.pdf?86b61b96a321c59408f046846e202b70 )  our paper provides a theoretical underpinning and an empirical confirmation of the negative relationship between statutory old-age insurance and fertility . 
  we thereby give evidence on a well-known theoretical concept in public economics , the social security hypothesis . 
  at the same time , we employ a new historical data set to show that a negative relationship between pensions and fertility can already be observed for late nineteenth century germany . 
  more broadly , our analysis is a confirmation of the fact that people react to institutional incentives . 
    in this paper , we provide a framework in which the existence of a public pension system can crowd out private savings for old age as well as fertility . 
  since the overall effect depends on the internal rate of return of the pension system , we use a new and unique historical data set which provides evidence on this internal rate of return for the bismarckian pension system implemented at the end of the nineteenth century in imperial germany . 
  using this information in a multivariate model , we confirm a negative effect of a higher internal rate of return of the pension system on the birth rate . 
  in addition , our empirical analysis confirms an overall negative effect of the pension system on fertility , even when controlling for other determinants of fertility as derived from our theoretical model , which also correspond to the usual determinants for the first demographic transition mentioned in the literature . 
  ** this additional effect amounts to a total reduction of approximately 1.7 marital births per 1000 between 1891-1899 for an increase between 20 % and 100 % of the internal rate of return . 
  **   because our analysis only covers the time span 1891-1914 , we can not account for the longer term impact of pension insurance on people 's behaviour . 
  after all , behavioural change mostly takes place gradually . 
  it should , however , not be surprising that nowadays most individuals do not consider old-age provision as a motive for having children . 
  the state had assumed this task long ago . 
  moreover , in a pay-as-you-go pension system , children constitute a fiscal externality ( e.g. 
  2003 ; sinn 2004 ; von auer and b uttner 2004 ; fenge and meier 2009 ; meier and wrede 2010 ) , i.e. 
  the incentive to have children is further reduced because other children would pay an individual 's pension once there is credible enforcement by the state . 
  our model allows for this fiscal externality . 
  individuals do not take into account the effect of their fertility decision on the internal rate of return of the pension system . 
  we leave a clear identification of this fiscal externality to future research . 
  given that the direct effect of pensions on fertility amounted to more than 10 % of the overall decline , the contribution of statutory pension insurance to the overall decline of fertility up to the current date must be even larger . 
  there is also [ an inverse relationship between income and fertility ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_and_fertility ) ( though this scatterplot is not controlling for the introduction of and degree of pension , heh ) . 
  it 's not a great match with [ wealth or income ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gdp_at_regional_level ) , so can rule that out . 
   `` people voting for putin are like faggots . 
  there must be a lot of them , but none of them are among my friends '' . 
  that 's why that particular picture with text was added to to the list of extremist materials , not just any generic suggestion that putin is gay . 
  i mean , i 'm with you on the point that the translation is off , but i do n't think i agree with the conclusion . 
  looking at translations of the other ones , the common thread is n't `` gay people are being attacked '' , though that particular entry did use homosexuality as a criticism . 
  looking for ones that are more clearly isolated criticism of putin or putin policy : * a poster-collage depicting three people , two of them ( in the form of soldiers of the third reich ) look like the president of the russian federation v.v. 
  putin and prime minister d.a. 
  medvedev ; on the right - a photograph of the patriarch of moscow and all russia kirill ; an inscription under the image : `` occupants - in moscow '' , posted on march 4 , 2014 in the social network `` vkontakte '' on the account http://vk.com/id161877484 with nickname `` alexander tsvetkov '' ( decision of the central district court of the city of tver from 11/05/2016 ) ; * the article by boris stomakhin `` crimea is ukraine !, 
  '' , beginning and ending with the words : `` the collapse of russia is inevitable . 
  in the circle of people who not only do not accept the ecstasy of patriotic cattle as well as you , but also set themselves the goal of the rest of their lives to return the crimea to ukraine !, 
  july 2014 '' , placed on the electronic page with the nickname '' andrey bubeev `` in the social network '' vkontakte '' ( http / / vk.com / id90025897 ) ( decision of zavolzhsky district court of tver on 25.03.2016 ) ; that 's pretty clearly political criticism . 
  i had to go a ways back before i saw an entry on gays , and it was calling armenians gay . 
  everything i see on here would be constitutionally-protected free speech in the us . 
  some probably would violate various laws in some eu members -- there is plenty of content in here that is not political ( or at least not simple critical of the russian government ) , and would qualify as hate speech . 
  but i think that it is quite reasonable to say that there is political criticism that would be accepted eu-wide here if targeted at a government in the eu that is banned simply because it is critical of the government . 
  i would not have used the item that the article did , and i think that it was selected and presented to make putin look personally-sensitive about his image . 
  but i do think that the driving force there was the political nature of it . 
  there are items on here that are bans on political criticism . 
  less of a patriarchy in europe than in most ( all ? ), 
  countries with a high birthrate . 
  they may serve a purpose , but he 's not wrong that they really do create misincentives the way they are structured . 
  telling people to go against their self-interest out of duty is probably gon na be a tough sell . 
  if there 's an externality , better internalize it . 
  california voted republican for president until the 1992 election . 
  notice that [ california is gray in the sixth party system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixth_party_system ) . 
  the us elections are hard to call because they use fptp , where small changes can produce large swings . 
  i 'm not convinced that france 's two-round direct system discourages extremism , but i will believe that it makes predictions near the election more reliable . 
  what part of the social net has macron said that he would cut ? 
  yeah , but your relative rankings have been all over the place so far . 
  do you believe that le pen would go through with her promises if elected ? 
  i mean , faith in trump to do so was n't high . 
  people really did not like clinton , though . 
  as far as i can tell , few people are really severely anti-macron .
