  around 8 april 1972 during a weekend visit the father instructed the boy to use headphones containing capsules . 
  on 18 april the boy was taken to a doctor for treatment of skin blisters . 
  twice in july the father drugged the boy and put him to sleep on a cushion or pillow containing capsules ; the boy awoke nauseous both times and began to develop a rash on his thighs . 
  on an august visit he was instructed to sleep on a couch containing two capsules ; by this time he was under care of a doctor for skin lesions . 
  in september the boy saw a physician for hair loss from one side of the head . 
  on an october visit the father placed two capsules on the boy 's legs while he was sleeping . 
  in february 1973 a plastic surgeon diagnosed the boy 's worsening skin lesions as radiation induced . 
  the boy required 16 operations from january 1974 to november 1978 including numerous skin grafts ; the irradiation also resulted in castration , with the resultant requirement for testosterone replacement . 
  the case was reported to law enforcement authorities on 31 january 1974 , with charges brought against the father on 2 may and his conviction on 17 april 1975 on one charge . 
  the father appealed but jumped bond when the appeal was denied , and was finally apprehended around 1981 following an fbi investigation . 
  murder is a * legal * term . 
  abortion is not murder in countries where it is not legally defined . 
  what the `` is it murder '' phrasing is trying to slip in is `` is it * wrong * '' ? 
  that is , does it violate some deep absolute moral norms ? 
  i think that there were probably two points where brexit could have been canceled after the referendum without doing so being political suicide . 
  * a second referendum . 
  i do not think that this would be called unless there was a major shift in public support , as doing so would otherwise be unpopular . 
  * a massive ge win for the liberal democrats . 
  the liberal democrats ran on opposition to brexit , and that would be seen as a mandate against the referendum . 
  however , the lds did not see massive gains . 
  at any other point in time , a politician cancelling brexit would be seen as going against the public will . 
  maybe they could stall it , but not announce it as being cancelled . 
  if there were some clever plan to avoid brexit , i think that it would have happened soon -- not months into an a50 invocation , after companies have already started relocation processes . 
  waiting buys little . 
  no , it 's not too late . 
  it is very late , and i am very doubtful that it will be reversed , but it is possible to reverse it . 
  * there was some legal discussion that member countries may unilaterally pull out of article 50 in the uk ( this was back when there was argument over whether-or-not parliament had to support article 50 use or whether the pm alone could do so ) . 
  i am dubious that the ecj would want to support this , because it would create a precedent where countries might play chicken with a50 running . 
  * it is definitely the case that the eu-28 can decide , if everyone agrees , to cancel brexit . 
  that would be a tough sell , but it is not impossible . 
  was n't there some sort of legal loophole that permitted siemens to do this , as i recall ? 
  < pokes around  http://khpg.org/en/index.php?id=1481580506  vedomosti reported back on june 30 , 2015 that siemens gas turbine technologies llc , a st petersburg subsidiary of siemens , was set to provide gas turbines for a new power station in crimea . 
  the deal was supposed to have been reached in spring with the siemens turbines officially contracted for a station on the taman peninsula ( krasnodar region , russia ) but in fact destined for crimea . 
    vedomosti 's unnamed sources suggested a conscious fiddle with the alleged new power station in taman used as a smoke screen . 
  the turbines were to be purchased by technopromexport , a subsidiary of rostec which russia contracted a year ago to build power stations in simferopol and sevastopol , with 25 billion roubles of the cost funded by the russian state . 
    siemens dismissed the allegations , and insisted that its joint venture was making turbines for a separate taman power station . 
  reuters , however , reported in early august 2016 that three separate sources had told them that builders of two power plants in occupied crimea were finalizing plans to install the siemens turbines . 
  `` the sources , who were all familiar with the technical details of the plants , said they are compatible only with siemens turbines . '' ah . 
  we have `` thousands '' of people from probably just about every country on earth in the us , and i 'm not particularly concerned about secret organized uprisings . 
  that 's just silly . 
  people are n't some sort of hivemind out to get you . 
  seriously , though , trump on nato has been really concerning . 
  well , un population * projections * , not * statistics * . 
  they 're human too , can make errors . 
  but it 's not a matter of a disreputable source . 
  well , south korea and japan were economically-involved with the us , if that 's what you 're getting at . 
  the us was n't particularly helping china -- china just started moving away from socialism and working on a market economy . 
  africa does n't have socialist economies , so that remedy is n't gon na be available . 
   international laws are n't really laws they are more guidelines um . 
  sure , they get broken . 
  people also break laws . 
  countries can normally * choose to withdraw from the treaties that form international law * , but while they 're members , they 're bound by their constraints . 
  [ the us and canada have very high marijuana use compared to most of the rest of the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annual_cannabis_use_by_country ) . 
  well , gay marriage was a thing in europe first . 
  if you have only a veto-based vote , you have a massive bias towards the status quo . 
  that makes it very hard to take any action . 
  if you want to do a trade agreement , like ceta , you run into situations like wallonia potentially killing it off . 
  basically , every single action has to be in the interest of every member * and * no member can feel that they can play chicken to extract even more concessions from another member because that other member really wants something ... or a decision does n't go through . 
  the uk does not use veto-based decision making in parliament -- it uses a majority . 
  it does so for what i 'd consider to be a good reason : because there 's no overwhelming reason to be heavily-biased towards the status quo . 
  do civics class in eu members currently teach much about the eu ? 
   same here . 
  if `` ever closer union '' would get close to federation-ish level in foreseeable future and the public would notice that , there would be massive shitstorm . 
  i mean , i can understand where you 're coming from post-ussr ... but i still look at what challenges the eu hits and a lot of them get addressed in the us in significant part because the us is a federation . 
  income disparity ( though language matters too ) . 
  defense . 
  intelligence capabilities . 
  paralysis on trade and on immigration . 
  some of the finance issues . 
  the ultimate outcome of the state welfare system , especially in poorer members . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what is your concern about federation ? 
  that is , are you concerned that large populations will act against your interests , or that it 's simply a one-way step that could be catastrophic and ca n't be reversed , or that it just took too long to be a sovereign country to want to give it up , or that you do n't want the peoples of europe to mingle ... or what all is the the driving concern ? 
  if * you * had the ability to create the federation yourself to be as ideal as you could want , are there decisions that would make it appealing to you ? 
  i mean , i know that i think that the us would be substantially worse off if it broke up into a confederation today . 
  and i know that while there have been successful long-term federations , there have been a very limited number of long-term confederations , and many of them had similar issues to the eu . 
  obviously , `` the us does it and it works '' does n't mean that it 's the only way to go . 
  hell , maybe the us has been missing out on a really fantastic form of government . 
  but it would feel incredibly hypocritical for me to say `` well , i really think that federation is a good idea for the us '' , if i were also saying `` oh , but * you * guys ... you definitely should n't federate '' . 
  that is going to force an extremely interventionist policy , as there are many people dying around the world at any one time . 
   have you seen a migrant who looked forward to coming to greece ? 
  all you hear from them how it is hell on earth , worse than where they came from , and they want to get out and are trapped and stuck . 
  on the other hand , that seems anecdotal . 
  how much time have you spent interviewing migrants and what 's your sampling method ? 
   have you seen the gdp of brazil ? 
  or india ? 
  indonesia ? 
  right . 
  they 're all higher . 
  [ not in per-capita nominal terms , certainly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita ) * poland : $ 12,316 * brazil : $ 8,727 * indonesia : $ 3,604 * india : $ 1,723 nor in ppp-adjusted terms : * poland : $ 27,764 * brazil : $ 15,242 * indonesia : $ 11,720 * india : $ 6,616, 
  * california would n't know celsius * california varies a lot . 
  in a coastal valley in the south , like santa barbara ? 
  sure . 
  in mountains or in desert ( no water condensation to buffer temperature changes ) at night ? 
  you can get pretty serious cold . 
  if you count british-flagged ships as british territory , you 're probably still okay . 
  a common lament . 
  i 'm pretty sure that poles would rather have the eu and not accept migrants and see that as viable . 
  polaxit would be a less favorable option . 
  i bet that 's not true if it 's ukrainian refugees !, 
   life is not easy for africans in europe .
