  the most the us would be able to do is to ensure that russia suffers the same fate ; the us counter to a russian attack relies on deterrence . 
  i do not think that germany meets the bar for [ shilling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shill ) -- that is , pretending to be disinterested , but actually having interests secretly co-aligned with russia in some way . 
  i do believe that a number of countries in eastern europe and the us have a different view of the impact of nord stream 2 or weight the impact differently than germany ( and france and the netherlands ) do . 
  i 'm only coming at this as a layman , but nord stream 2 looks like a bad idea to me . 
  but i also do not think that germany , france , and the netherlands are normally bad actors , any more than poland is . 
  i do not think that they would take action that they believed would undermine poland 's security ( maybe give them more political power vis-a-vis poland ) . 
  i would also * hope * that the same would be true of ukraine . 
  so the issue has to come down to either differences in assessment in the situation , or in interests splitting ... and usually , it 's possible to find common ground on interests . 
  on this one , i 'm more sympathetic to the `` no permanent bases '' argument . 
  nato stated that they did not expect to establish permanent bases in eastern europe unless the security situation changed :  nato reiterates that in the current and foreseeable security environment , the alliance will carry out its collective defence and other missions by ensuring the necessary interoperability , integration , and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces . 
  accordingly , it will have to rely on adequate infrastructure commensurate with the above tasks . 
  in this context , reinforcement may take place , when necessary , in the event of defence against a threat of aggression and missions in support of peace consistent with the united nations charter and the osce governing principles , as well as for exercises consistent with the adapted cfe treaty , the provisions of the vienna document 1994 and mutually agreed transparency measures . 
  russia will exercise similar restraint in its conventional force deployments in europe . 
  the us 's reputation , as well as that of other nato members , backs that statement . 
  as of the moment : * ukraine is certainly threatened by russia , but ukraine is not a nato member ( for understandable reasons , it would n't have been * possible * for ukraine to become a nato member for quite a while , but still ... ) my belief -- though it 's not explicit -- is that the `` security environment '' statement above probably is best read as applying to natomember.s * ditto for georgia . 
  * i do not believe that it is clearly the case that nato members are being threatened -- that is , it 's not clear to me that we are in a non-foreseeable security environment . 
  i imagine that there might be people who would disagree ( what about the ballistic missiles being positioned in kaliningrad ? 
  ) , but certainly there are a great many people in the world who do take the position that the situation has not changed -- russia is not , for example , massing invasion-level forces on the border . 
  in the absence of such a change , nato is expected to avoid setting up permanent bases in poland . 
  if we do so , we 've not acted in good faith towards russia . 
  if that situation clearly changes , like russia violates her end , then obviously all this goes out the window . 
  to be fair , while lng opens up shipping from anywhere in the world and in combination with storage , i 'd expect that it 'd provide the eu with a more-favorable position wrt suppliers , there are some major caveats : * my understanding is that europe 's present lng deliquification capacity is nowhere near sufficient to handle full normal load . 
  * i understand that liquification , shipping , and deliquification costs are inherently more-expensive than pipeline . 
  so ideally , europe would like to maintain unused lng capacity as a backup to simply ensure that they have supplier independence . 
   but we have no obligations towards ukraine . 
  i agree that germany does not have any legal obligations to ukraine . 
  however : * the eu under barroso did negotiate to bring ukraine into trading association with the rest of the eu , which kicked off the series of later events . 
  it is with the expectation of the eu working with ukraine that ukraine decided to associate with the eu . 
  obviously , this is not an unlimited credit card ( `` you did something ukraine does n't like !, 
  '' ) , but nord stream 2 is pretty significant wrt ukraine 's viability at the moment . 
  * ukraine is under financial stress . 
  i think that there 's a reasonable argument that ukraine is probably likely to need support , if anything -- not to have her financial situation weakened further . 
  * poland is also affected , not just ukraine . 
  while germany has no legal obligation not to implement nord stream 2 because of poland , i * would * argue that it would be advantageous for eu members to generally not do things with security implications for other members . 
  * above-and-beyond this particular arrangement , there 's signalling to the eastern members . 
  some of why the eu is desireable to eastern members is the security guarantees it provides . 
  for that to be credible , the eu members in the west would need to establish a reputation of being willing to make decisions that support security concerns in the east . 
  i agree on the `` one price '' thing , but it seems that if `` one price '' as * well * as nord stream 2 is required , that germany continues to not trust ukraine -- but moving forward , building trust would be something that presumably both have an interest in doing . 
  is there no guarantee that ukraine could provide that you 'd see as convincing to germany ? 
  would you say that the main concern is the potential of future cutoffs , or germany having to pay transit fees to eastern europe ? 
  supposing that poland and ukraine could provide germany with credible guarantees that they would not cut off gas transit and that transit fees would not exceed a certain amount , and germany could provide credible guarantees that the eu would require that ukraine and all eu members have the same price and availability -- that is , the eu would purchase gas as a bloc . 
  would that be acceptable in your eyes to germany ? 
  well , fossil fuels . 
  gas and oil both . 
  nord stream 2 ships natural gas , not oil . 
   in terms of gas alone , russia has been a reliable partner for germany . 
  i mean , sure , but the sanctions are being put in place for issues outside of gas delivery reliability . 
  do you believe that , on matters aside from this , that german and russian interests or german and ukrainian or german and polish interests are more co-aligned ? 
  crucially , [ that does n't appear to be vitrified ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asse_ii_mine ) -- just drums of material , not stuff melted into a single glass block . 
  right now , the main selection factor is simply `` are you willing to have children '' , so i imagine that evolution is working on that ... 
  well ... yeah , understood . 
  it 's not so much his nationalism that 's a concern from my standpoint -- i mean , i do n't think the fact that `` there are nationalists '' somewhere is all that interesting -- as it is the aims and methods for isolating countries . 
  basically , if you see someone write down a list of geopolitical goals , and a substantial portion of these have happened in a short period of time , sure that 's gon na be of concern to people there . 
  it 's like , let 's say you had some guy in vermont list ten major geopolitical changes that he 'd like to produce in asia to control asia and then six of those happen in short order . 
  some folks in asia might be saying `` hey , waaaait a minute '' . 
  sell 'em catalonia , kill two birds with one stone ? 
   unless the greenhouse gas levels get so high we essentially turn into another venus . 
  the [ earth 's swung back and forth between two extremes but not left those extremes for billions of years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenhouse_and_icehouse_earth ) , and we 've had much higher levels of carbon dioxide . 
  we may not want a greenhouse earth , but nobody 's seriously proposing venus . 
  i mean , so is carbon emitted from fossil fuels , mercury and some other stuff from coal , rusting , abandoned windmills , drastic changes in river ecology due to damming the things for hydropower , etc. 
  they 've all got a footprint . 
   nuclear power has been around for almost 70 years and yet nobody has found a solution to safely store waste forever . 
  vitrify it and put it in the bottom of a mine ? 
  i 'm asking what * you * mean by `` classism '' here , not what the dictionary definition is . 
  it seems that your concern here is wealth disparity , and `` classism '' is n't normally what i 'd expect to be at issue there . 
  adults are less mediagenic than children . 
  when you say `` classism '' , do you just mean wealth ? 
  before , it was n't possible to cut off poland without also cutting off germany . 
  this would make it possible . 
  he 's wealthy and politically active . 
  afaict , that makes a fantastic shadowy boogeyman to fight . 
  both the right and the left have their boogeyman over here . 
  for the right , it 's soros . 
  for the left , it 's the koch brothers . 
  i wondered if it might be partly because he 's jewish , too . 
  this coming from a guy in the balkans , too . 
  i 'd say that class is less-relevant in the modern uk than it has been since ... well , a very long time , at least . 
  your pm is a vicar 's daughter . 
  your queen is , for all intents and purposes , a figurehead . 
  you do have an aristocracy , but they have very little by way of powers . 
  mass media , cheap travel , and so forth blend who people talk to , and regional dialects in the uk are going away . 
  well ... 
  the problem is that we also cleverly evolved big brains and went out and invented vitamin d fortification for things like milk . 
  so maybe not . 
  also , we used that big brain to invent sunblock , so not a lot of white people dying from horrendous skin cancer in sunny areas any more either . 
   the uk thus far has n't said nor yes nor no , that 's precisely the thing . 
  they signed deals whose validity still applies post-brexit , to fund projects such as the pr\u00fcm convention ( which does not depend on eu membership for participation ) . 
  well , let me put it this way . 
  if the uk continues to participate in pr\u00fcm -- looks like this is data-sharing for law enforcement , which i imagine could be useful post-brexit -- then it certainly seems reasonable to expect the uk to pay obligations for pr\u00fcm . 
  i do n't think that anyone is going to argue otherwise in that situation . 
  if the uk does not participate in pr\u00fcm , and if pr\u00fcm does not have an explicit withdrawal plan set of guarantees , then i 'd assume that it 's a question for negotiations . 
  that is , i do n't think saying `` it 's not a part of the eu , so the uk needs to pay '' is clearly the case , though maybe i 'm misunderstanding you . 
  i could see either the uk paying or not paying . 
   it fully does , that 's the thing . 
  most of these commitments do not require eu membership to be valid or fulfilled . 
  if the uk wants to leave these programs , it is also free to do so post-brexit , but it will still need to pay for them to the extent they have already committed to do so ( and not a penny more afterwards ) . 
  well , i 'm no expert on the specifics of the agreements . 
  but my assumption is that basically , the eu is saying `` when you sign up for x , it 's like signing up for a contract . 
  you pay for non-performance in a contract . '', 
  and the uk is saying `` but there 's a process for withdrawal on these , and if i withdraw , it 's comparable to an [ escape clause ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/escape_clause ) '' .
