  [ the internet agrees ] ( https://www.quora.com/can-you-knock-out-an-m1-abrams-with-molotov-cocktails-how-many-was-needed-to-knock-out-a-soviet-is-3-or-a-t-54-tank-in-hungarian-revolution-56 ) . 
  light armor may be more vulnerable . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  just a combination of a lot of dick-waving and confusingly-similar agreements has led to some past confusion on the sub , so wanted to be painfully explicit . 
   nonsensical things like citizens rights of people already in the uk i 'd argue that those are very important . 
  i do n't support the eu 's current stance here of `` eu rights and jurisdiction post-brexit '' , but if there is literally no agreement in 18 months or extension -- which seems unlikely -- then a lot of people in the uk and other eu members will have to return . 
  at the least , ensuring that everyone with residency at some deadline has temporary residence rights seems to me to be pretty important to a lot of people . 
  if you do n't do that , you 're also crashing housing markets , disrupting businesses , and so forth on both sides . 
  obviously , unlike with trade , this does n't * need * be be an eu negotiation -- could be bilateral uk-poland , uk-spain , etc agreements . 
  but doing so would make things a lot more convenient , especially for people from countries with few expats in the uk or countries where the uk has few expats . 
    it 's because the eu side is deliberately stalling until they get the money they want . 
    did you read the article ? 
  it 's not the money `` they want '' , is the money that 's due . 
  between the two of you , i 'd say that the hold-up was summarized pretty well ... 
   remain is now the dominating voting position and will only strengthen as the old who voted for it die off . 
  which polls are you looking at ? 
  the last one i 've seen posted to this sub had the levels of support rock-solid post-brexit . 
  there was no greater enthusiasm or regret , and my guess is that very few britons are changing their mind one way or the other . 
  i agree with the age thing , based on some eu perceptions polling the eu did -- the uk was shifting towards eu support , but it was a * very * slow process compared to other eu members . 
  however , i 'm also somewhat suspicious that this is preference for `` what you grew up with '' . 
  having the uk out of the eu might also cause that to be the norm , and the country to increasingly not want to join . 
  we 've been next to canada for a long time , have the longest border in the world , do a ton of trade , same language , have pretty interchangeable product standards , similar sets of no-visa agreements ( mexico and soon romania-poland-bulgaria to be notable exceptions ) -- but canada has n't asked to be one country with the us , or visa versa . 
  instead , we just collaborate on a bunch of things , do joint military things , etc. 
  i could very easily see the uk and the eu doing the same thing . 
  if the uk becomes an eu member again , my bet will be that it will be at least a couple of decades down the road , after economic convergence in the eu -- that 'd cause less of a rush of immigration into the uk . 
  further , any deal that the uk would be offered will * probably * be less-favorable than the one it has now -- i doubt the opt-outs will be on offer . 
  that 'll presumably produce less support . 
  the eu does do a lot of programs that permit for * a la carte * affiliation with the eu , like schengen , and if that continues , i could see the uk joining those without necessarily joining the eu . 
   once you 've driven them into nafta , * we * wo n't be letting go . 
  that 's not quite how nafta works . 
  nafta ( or some bilateral fta ) is a free trade agreement . 
  these are non-exclusive , and you could n't compel anyone to stay in one anyway . 
  the most-likely outcome , in my reckoning , is that the uk winds up in an fta with the eu , the us , and canada -- the us and canada either via bilateral trade agreements with each or by entering nafta . 
  that covers all top uk trading partners except china , and currently nobody in the west has an fta with them . 
  the uk will probably expand that set , but that 's gon na be my bet . 
  currently , the uk is in the [ european union customs union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_customs_union ) . 
  a customs union , unlike an fta , is exclusive -- if you 're in one , you can not be in others , and you can not be in ftas unless your entire customs union agrees ( which , in the case of the potential us-eu free trade agreement ttip , it did not , though it did accept the canada-eu free trade agreement ceta ) . 
  you also ca n't compel someone to stay in a customs union ( as you 'll note -- the uk is leaving ) . 
  may has stated that she is not intending to seek single market membership . 
  if not , it 's unlikely that the uk will seek membership in the eu customs union ( not sure whether that has been explicitly ruled out , but it provides the uk with a limited amount compared to , say , malta ) . 
  since the uk does a lot of trade with the eu , it will probably seek an fta instead ... and , hence , we get the `` uk in ftas with all of the eu and canada and us '' scenario . 
  given his lack of any concrete goals whatsoever wrt nafta , i 'd been betting that trump was doing the traditional republican `` rant against nafta to get labor on-side , then quietly point out that your real issue is that nafta is n't open enough . '', 
  just a lot more loudly , misleadingly , and extremely than is the norm . 
  goes like this : `` i am going to cancel nafta < quieter  or renegotiate it to get a better deal < whisper  * a better deal has fewer restrictions on trade * '' . 
  sure enough , we just got the administration 's goals for nafta renegotiation yesterday . 
  and they ai n't protectionist . 
  ( amusingly-enough , some of the tory brexiters did a similar maneuver -- probably a lot of brexit support was protectionist in nature , and they stated more-or-less that they were going to give the people what they wanted -- a very open economy ) . 
  [ us trade administration : summary of objectives for the nafta renegotiation ] ( https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/press/releases/naftaobjectives.pdf ) us trade policy has n't changed . 
  the only things in there that remotely could be seen as protectionist are an undefined `` remedy the trade balance '' , which is visible , up top , and has nothing specifically supporting it , and a few promises not to remove existing supports ( like certain farm subsidies ) . 
  trump 's just leveraging a way to send two messages at once with the same words . 
  joe steelworker hears his tone and wild rhetoric . 
  bob economist looks at the trade policy . 
  i do n't like trump 's image at all , and i consider him one dishonest son-of-a-bitch , but he 's made damned few actual policy changes and i am now betting that he 's going to continue to make very few policy changes . 
  the news media is getting the same read i had : https://theweek.com/speedreads/712676/trump-outlines-goals-renegotiating-nafta  `` there 's nothing in there that terrifies establishment republicans on capitol hill or the mexicans and canadians who 'll ultimately be sitting across the negotiating table , '' says jonathan swan at axios . 
  `` in short : plenty were worried trump would blow up nafta and today 's document is the clearest sign they 're moving in a more conventional direction . '', 
  huh . 
  never seen traditional polish clothing . 
  looks like a cross between spanish and romanian traditional clothing to me . 
  if you 're in it for a cut of the action , control over ukrainian territory and any funds you can extract from that , you probably do n't want competition from any similar asshats . 
  kim jong un would not be in power right now without north korea remaining at `` war '' . 
  he 's probably pretty enthusiastic about it . 
  well , there 's got ta be * some * kind of venting system , if you 've got a combustion engine and , that will kill the engine if you clog it . 
  it [ looks like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvg7fm_ofga ) it 's at the back of the leopard . 
  i think that it 'd be kinda suicidal to try that on a tank unless the tankers involved * really * do not want to kill you , but if you sprayed some sort of instantly-hardening resin in place , i 'd think that you could potentially block airflow . 
  i 'll certainly believe that erdogan 's making ( intentionally or unintentionally ) bogus claims here , though . 
  currently the lowest per-capita nominal gdp in the eu !, 
   did they not create open borders ? 
  sure , long in advance of any major issues . 
  and it 's not hard for people to cross borders illegally in europe one time even if you had the border posts back again . 
   refuse italy help ? 
  i do n't think that frontex has held back with what resources it has . 
  if anything , greece has actively-resisted frontex involvement , because it does n't want the risk of having people registered as having entered via greece , as it might get stuck with responsibility for them . 
   planning to sanction member states who wont take the refugees ? 
  yeah , but if anything , forced placement is a deterrent to net eu immigration . 
  if you 're a nigerian planning to illegally sneak into the eu to get a fat paycheck in germany and running your calculations based on that , you definitely do not want to find yourself placed in rural bulgaria . 
   condemn hungary for protecting their border ? 
  hungary 's fence only works to the extent that people can just travel around hungary . 
  if they 're faced with a choice between `` lift up a coil of hungary 's fence wire and pass under '' or `` give up and return to eritrea '' , i can tell you which option they 're gon na take . 
  this being a power grab for brussels against the member countries of the eu only makes sense if it is brussels establishing policies that would permit people in . 
  that 's not the case -- in fact , if anything , the eu was criticized for lack of involvement . 
   when we joined the eu it was very different from what it is today . 
  fair enough . 
   we shared ideological values with most of the other members . 
  today that is no longer the case . 
  i really think that you still do . 
   sweden is a nascent islamic state that wants an open border with the middle east . 
  oh , for the love of christ . 
  no , it does n't . 
  look , i was complaining quite some time back that i think that the eu 's immigration policy is fundamentally flawed . 
  right now , the eu lets any member extend citizenship , provides no member with any influence over the criteria that other members use , and requires all members to extend quite extensive privileges to the citizens of other members . 
  that 's a risky combination ; it 's open to selling citizenship and the like . 
  malta could , in theory , pull in a population the size of germany and radically change the makeup of the eu . 
  if there 's an issue with the eu on immigration , that 's a big chunk of where it is . 
  it 's not because positions on immigration have drastically changed , but because freedom of movement without some degree of shared control over immigration invariably is going to leave people in a position where immigration that the majority oppose can happen . 
  maybe the eu needs immigration ( unpopular or not ) . 
  personally , i think that it does , if it 's not going to get its birthrate up . 
  but if it does that , then it also needs to handle the political fallout of a large amount of immigration , which it clearly failed to do in the case of the british public . 
  yeah , i 'm not enthralled with that , but i think that it 's also a pretty safe bet that in the long term , an increasing number of things will move from veto territory to qmv territory . 
   let 's be honest , uk stopped being a major player shortly after wwii . 
  if anything , they are major player in europe .
