  the running-out-of-munitions point seems like a fairer point -- those are essential to operate and while the us did n't have urgent need of her european stockpiles and it was possible to draw from them , if she had , there might not have been great options available for allied aircraft . 
  paid you back ? 
  you were the overthrower of the selfless advocate of democracy and republicanism who aided us , king louis xvi !, 
  no , no . 
  he 's got us pegged . 
  the us and canada and the uk are all engaged in a left-wing conspiracy to impose marxism on europe and oppress western white men . 
   here in portugal we are not safe of cultural-marxism being propagandized from the anglo-saxon world ( canada , us , uk ) what i 'm hearing here is that there are * damn commies * somewhere in the us !, 
  pretty sure that they do n't want to highlight the situation over there to an international audience , unless it 's to portray anti-government protesters negatively . 
  < checks  ah , yes : [ right-wing protestors besiege venezuela 's embassy in spain ] ( http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/right-wing-protesters-besiege-venezuelas-embassy-in-spain-20170511-0022.html ), 
  i 'm gratified that you 're able to look at the situation so objectively . 
  france is to be applauded . 
  it 's not an easy topic to address , and a * real * commitment in the form of reparations even harder . 
  this truly gives france a moral high ground . 
  now , [ gib monies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_france ) . 
  an ez minimum wage sounds like an awful idea . 
  it 'd just generates unemployment in poorer areas . 
  i guess it 'd produce more migration to wealthier areas , which i suppose someone might like , but if anything , i think that it 'd generate less political controversy to have poorer areas develop than to use migration to produce convergence . 
  the reason joe sixpack tends to advocate for it is because he thinks that it will result in subsidies to the poor , which it is n't very good at . 
  if you really want to subsidize the poor , just do so directly . 
  europeans mature early !, 
  so you 're saying that she acted as a sort of mentor or teacher for him ? 
  show 'em the way a free country runs , romania !, 
   for the first time since the end of the cold war , france is deploying more troops at home than on operations abroad ( excluding prepositioned forces in overseas military bases ) . 
    this presents a number of challenges , including the accelerated fatigue of units , training deficiencies , and the erosion of army operational capacities . 
  it also implies ensuring complementarity between the army and internal security forces , improving civil-military cooperation , and adapting the legal framework hmm . 
  i 'm not a huge man of military-as-police , but it 's true that a lot of what ground troops have been doing overseas recently does amount to policing . 
  you might argue that this is something that improves preparedness for being abroad , not something that detracts . 
  broadly-speaking , it 's hard to successfully sue countries for things that they intentionally do . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_immunity  in the united states , the federal government has sovereign immunity and may not be sued unless it has waived its immunity or consented to suit . 
  the united states has waived sovereign immunity to a limited extent , mainly through the federal tort claims act , which waives the immunity if a tortious act of a federal employee causes damage , and the tucker act , which waives the immunity over claims arising out of contracts to which the federal government is a party . 
  [ 40 ] the united states as a sovereign is immune from suit unless it unequivocally consents to being sued . 
  [ 41 ] the united states supreme court in price v. united states observed : `` it is an axiom of our jurisprudence . 
  the government is not liable to suit unless it consents thereto , and its liability in suit can not be extended beyond the plain language of the statute authorizing it . '', 
  price v. united states , 174 u.s. 373 , 375-76 ( 1899 ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saleh_v._bush  on 19 december 2014 , the lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice . 
  the court made several rulings , on the motion of the u.s. department of justice ( doj ) to substitute itself for all of the defendants and thereby dismiss the action with prejudice , as well as on the plaintiff 's motion for an evidentiary hearing . 
  the doj cited the westfall act , [ \u03b2 ] claiming that the defendants were acting within their scope of employment when planning and waging the iraq war , and therefore can not be held individually accountable for any harm allegedly caused . 
  the westfall act rules that harm done within the scope of employment is the responsibility of the employer ( in this case the united states federal government ) , which as a nation-state is protected against all criminal prosecution by sovereign immunity . 
  the court ruled that the burden was on the plaintiff to have already provided evidence that the defendants were not acting within the scope of their employment , and in the absence of such evidence , dismissed the lawsuit . 
  [ l ] if you 've got enough clout , you can sometimes pressure countries , take non-judicial action . 
  but outside of that , well ... this sounds like kinda a waste of money on lawyers . 
  it 's telesur , venezuela 's propaganda outlet . 
   and crown dependencies are self governing except for foreign affairs . 
  not comparable . 
  puerto rico is basically a state without voting rights . 
  keep on mind that the us is a federation , and so the federal government 's primary role * is * foreign affairs and military . 
  being `` in the us '' is somewhat less significant than , say , being `` in france '' . 
  i do n't really understand all the fine points of the uk 's overseas territories and crown dependencies , but at least the overseas territories look more like the relationship that the us has with the [ federated states of micronesia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federated_states_of_micronesia ) -- free association . 
   that 's why i view with skepticism people that say france would leave if they held a vote on it . 
  they are far more integrated than the uk and have far more to lose . 
  euro , schengen , cap etc. . . 
  the uk opted out/is not in a lot of things so it had far less to lose than france leaving . 
  france 's geographic arguments are also somewhat stronger than the uk 's . 
  placing an imaginary border around france and making it hard for people to commute across is a real pain in the butt for france . 
  i 'm not sure how many people commute from the uk into the rest of the eu . 
  of course , switzerland has really good geographic arguments and still has n't joined , so ... < shrug , 
  i think that a better move would be moving trade agreement authority to qmv rather than veto . 
  that 'd make it a lot easier for brussels to negotiate deals that are advantageous for the eu on the net -- being advantageous * and * politically salable to 28 very different electorates is a tough bar to meet . 
   essentially the european agriculture protectionism is fucking up the whole bloc . 
  it 's a lot like finland in that sense . 
  the rural areas are weighting the rest down like an anchor . 
  relative to some hypothetical perfectly-efficient eu , maybe . 
  but if you do n't get political support from farmers , you would have had a hard time lowering trade barriers between eu members -- their game plan had been to extract money from non-farming industry in those countries via protectionist trade policy . 
  so you got ta buy 'em off if you want to get policies through to reduce protectionism between members i expect that someone did the math and decided that it was worthwhile . 
   also remember that single market membership goes many steps further than a fta , and that the uk is close politically and culturally to the eu making free trade much easier as compared to china ( what is copyright ? 
  environmental standards ? 
  standards in general ? 
  piracy is n't that bad ! ), 
  or other parts of the world . 
  cultural similarity is useful for the single market , because of freedom of movement . 
  i do n't think i agree on free trade , though . 
  in fact , the largest economic benefits come from dissimilar economies trading , because the benefit is a function of difference between [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) :  the theory of comparative advantage is an economic theory about the work gains from trade for individuals , firms , or nations that arise from differences in their factor endowments or technological progress . 
  i can think of two major reasons that the uk * might * eventually rejoin that could apply in the future , even if they do n't today . 
  * the eu is in a `` development '' phase -- the idea being to liberalize france , improve infrastructure in the east , etc. 
  that costs money -- cap , development funds , etc. 
  it means large-scale migration to help produce convergence . 
  if the eu gets past that point where it is n't investing in its future , the uk could potentially join without having to pay the price that they do today and without any risk of the investment not paying off . 
  * let 's say that the eu `` works out '' as a tightly-integrated bloc , can really leverage economy of scale , becomes a fantastic engine of commerce , becomes better-off than the uk then it may also have more appeal . 
  on the other hand , canada 's never tried to join the us , so ... < shrug , 
    leaving the common agricultural policy   worse food stability , worse food variance , worse food prices and worse land management . 
  cap is n't a positive for the uk . 
  if the uk had its way , it 'd want to have never had cap . 
  cap benefits france and countries that are net food exporters . 
  my guess is that it was created as a way to buy political support for the eu ( and agriculture trade liberalization ) from farmers . 
   people change their mind as they get older . 
  the labour party are still waiting for that generation of labour voting pensioners . 
  but they never arrive . 
  well , yes , but in all fairness , party policy also changes to keep the center between the two parties . 
  if labour continued to be more pro-women 's - suffrage and the conservatives anti-women 's - suffrage , you 'd probably see labour-voting pensioners . 
  eu membership is a policy issue rather that a question of party affiliation . 
  i 'll also give reasonable odds that the uk will lower its tariff schedule in general . 
  the us averages a lower tariff ( even without an fta ) than the eu currently does . 
  it 'd be the fastest way to reduce barriers to trade across the board . 
   south korea has its trading network ( including a fta with the eu ) this one is n't really a good example . 
  the uk and the eu will almost certainly establish an fta . 
  and i do n't think that there is substantial opposition to establishment of a trading network on the uk -- hell , that country was built on trade . 
  the complaint is over joining what will presumably ultimately become a country . 
  i think that long-term , being in the eu is advantageous to them . 
  but it 's not as if south korea has tried to do the same with japan or china or the us or something . 
  not if he 's not residing in the eu and never bothers to pay in .
