  i especially like the idea of the test on european knowledge . 
  and totally agree with the lottery being a terrible idea . 
  i 'm just worried with the commissioner comments :  bulc also suggested an alternative version of the scheme : `` we may also consider possible variations to this excellent idea . 
  an attractive option might be to have a lottery open to all or specific categories of young europeans with a significant number winning free tickets '', 
  it 's not about the size , it 's about how the machines perform . 
  said the man with the white dress that refuses to have sex with anyone ( independently of their gender ) ... :p, 
  this map is just full of mistakes , should be taken down by mods . 
  this source has proven unreliable too many times , it 's just a website that likes to make viral-maps and does n't care much about accuracy . 
  i see a great place to build a casino , one just needs to get rid of all those trees and bang !, 
  trump casino europe . 
  if i was a religious person i would just pray to god to throw its fury against these sinners . 
  would never trust man-made laws for the job ... always get this impression that religious people are not as religious as they say , they always tend to trust so little their gods ... 
  it 's only strange cause you do n't understand it . 
  open your mind and heart , it 's just like any other matter . 
  'cause it was implied that the triggering would be automatic and immediate after the referendum , but instead cameron resigned . 
  no matter where you look there 's only miserable growth in the g7 , which might not be a bad thing . 
  continuous high growth is environmentally unsustainable . 
  am i the only one starting to get brexit fatigue ? 
  and it did n't even start ... and this will last at the very least 3 years more . . :|, 
  and this only a few weeks after the [ international vulture awareness day ] ( http://www.vultureday.org/ ) ... sad :(, 
  then you need to learn how to love yourself . 
  and what does that make of you ? 
  a democrat ? 
  well a 6 million $ robbery in europe would be news , kardashian or no-kardashian . 
  right below this article on the bbc website : '' [ is this the age of the bum ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/culture/story/20160929-is-this-the-age-of-the-bum ) '' seriously ... 
   a discreet luxury residence is n't this a contradiction ? 
  at least we already have a [ german spaghetti monster ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rpfzyoa.jpg ) . 
  scary !, 
  germany can not into count . 
  we 're the 2 extremes of latin europe , we should do more stuff together . 
  if db goes down we all go down with it . 
  there 's no `` uk going up '' in case of a real db collapse . 
  i wish ... 
  in madeira maybe , but in continental portugal can be quite cold , in the interior north it 's normal to snow during winter . 
   oh , sweet summer child ... 
  the worst is that in fact it can be quite cold in portugal during winter , and houses freeze and people use ineficient and expensive systems to try to warm them up . . now that i live in northern europe i 'm shocked whenever i go to portugal during winter time and see that i 'm much more exposed to cold there than here , in the houses , in the caf\u00e9s / restaurants , at schools . . freezing everywhere and people wearing kilos of clothes . 
  but then suddently it 's sunny and 20\u00bac and everyone forget the issue again . . 
  so china is the only un security council permanent member not bombing in syria , right ? 
  basically they know that defecting would imply changing their sober uniforms [ for this ] ( http://ap.mnocdn.no/incoming/article8431078.ece/alternates/w1440c169/opt_tb0ea3a9_doc6pav56c4wao19k2lozy_doc6pav7i1h9s7wg1nkd0e-yge5eloqnq.jpg?updated=150420160808 ) , they 've seen it from the window , surely they did n't feel the appeal ... 
  most people will never learn nuclear physics . 
  so in the end you do recognize people are against it . 
  what would you consider than ? 
  that was the only moment the country discussed the issue . . 
   if she wins , the un is dead . 
  the un is dead since the iraq invasion . 
  i just wanted to be able to flush a toilet during the night while wearing a burqa and looking to the peak of a minaret instead of all those boring moutains , that anyway look exactly like giant burqas . 
  we did , there was a time the issue was debated due to some business man that wanted to open one . . there was even a pr\u00f3s & contras about it . 
  but on google i could only find a broken link of jornal de not\u00edcias mentioning the 12 % in favour . . ca n't find the details of the poll now . 
  no we 're not , we 're just trying to get some honest dick measurements here . 
  no burkas , no minarets , no flushing after 10pm , what can you do in switzerland ? 
  we are , a poll from 2007 estimated in about 12 % the ones in favor . 
  on the other hand if they were mostly malays this would n't even be a news anymore in europe . . 
  quite sad there 's no joint strong position from the eu in this case . 
  i wonder how much different all this case would have been if it was a plane full of german tourists instead . 
  'cause we can . 
  andorra has more than the double of spain . 
  but truth , also higher than the current european champion country . 
  we 'll try to improve that . 
  both andorra and gibraltar have a higher gdp per capita though . 
  wo n't this one be vetoed by russia ? 
  i would guess that the average knowledge of spaniards about portugal and portuguese issues is far lower than the brits . . it 's a relation of vague/uncommitted curiosity from our side and total indifference from the other . 
  or in kashmir or in south philippines or in nigeria ... etc, 
   and let 's not forget that the source of recent violence is the geopolitical situation in the middle east , not a consequence of coexistence within europe itself . 
  the cause of recent violence are the ones responsible for it , in these cases muslims in europe . 
  the `` excuses '' they use for their violence is another story . 
  but let 's not forget that for the massacres in france ( more than 200 deaths in a year , mind you ) the veil ban in french schools was also used as an excuse , or the cartoons published in a french newspaper . 
  so yeah , it is about our coexistence . 
  they also let the [ water run wild in times of floods ] ( http://www.sabado.pt/portugal/detalhe/descargas_das_barragens_espanholas_provocam_cheias_na_regua.html ) . 
  the portuguese j is very different from the spanish one . 
  totally different sound actually . 
  for someone using the galician flag you should be saying texo , right ? 
  why do you assume we changed the vowel ? 
  as if we were originally speaking spanish and then changed some stuff !, 
  it 's called [ thermal pollution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thermal_pollution ) . 
   so obviously christianity is inherently sexist and backwards too right ? 
  of course . 
  but it 's all about how does that translate to current reality . 
  those views are seen as unacceptable in most `` christian countries '' today . 
  on many regards we live in a post-christian society . 
   last i checked , we are coexisting . 
  we are , with lots of violence though . 
  europe is not even the worst contact-point . 
  check nigeria , niger , pakistan , iraq , syria , burma , india , indonesia , and the list goes on ... 
  it 's funny in this case as the union already existed , so you have free access to the country , automatic residency rights , free access to the health system . . you can even vote and run as candidate in local elections . 
  all those things , which made having a house in portugal while being a british citizen very interesting and much simpler than in south africa , are now into question ... 
  he was not a bad pm , his worst mistake as pm was to drop off after loosing the local elections . 
  that created a bad precedent that only fueled other cases of government instability ... the country desperately needs governments to last 4 years as the rule and not the exception . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  but i left high school long ago , maybe things changed . . 
  out is very easy , it 's out . 
  the problem is that you voted out `` because the eu is a joke '' but you actually want to keep lots of perks from that `` joke '' . 
  that 's what makes it difficult ... after all you did n't really want it out , right ? 
  ps : nothing funny about owing a house in portugal , i wish i had one . 
  funny is owing a house in portugal and still voting out of the eu . 
  but no worries , chinese people also own houses in portugal , so i 'm sure you 'll be able to keep yours . 
  oh get a grip , you voted out . 
  getting out is easy . 
  the consequences were known . 
  you chose that path .
