  which is not an impediment to make a humor show on this particular issue . 
  online recruiting is often based in syria as well , and guess what , it 's also done by women . 
  some of those girls/women runaway from their families/husbands . 
  so yeah , that 's real , pure , individual freedom and decision making . 
  you 're the one portraying them as retards unable to take responsibility for their actions . 
  who raises them ? 
  again , i 'm glad that people that easily join genocide get out . 
  and if they come back they should go to trial and jail . 
  if they 're that susceptible to join a genocide terror group i 'm glad they get out of europe . 
  empathy for people that so easily join genocide is not a top priority on my list . 
  edit : what 's is worrying is that you assume that so many teenagers would identify with the isis wives portrayed on this video , i 'm more optimist , do n't think so many would . 
  the show specifically and clearly displays and mocks british women that volunteer and freely joined isis . 
  / u/abstractlemgth keeps on distorting this simple fact . 
   those subjugated under its regime . 
  british women that freely and volunteerly joined isis . 
  fixed that for you . 
  good that you have so much empathy though , otherwise you could start insulting people and spit hate and that would be ... less emphatic really . 
  but fortunately you 're a good human with a big heart . 
  there should be more people like you . 
  funny that at the mention of jew , in a list of other groups , you immediately jumped and spit your hate ... oh , a true classic . 
  there goes your empathy down the drain ... lol, 
  tunisia is full of empty hotels . . could work as a refugee processing center for europe . 
   nice empathy . 
  zero empathy with criminal terrorists . 
  that you can be sure . 
  find it sad that you waste so much time to make excuses for them ... gipsies , jews , black people or gays all face stronger discrimination and more violent hate crimes than muslims in europe , and yet not turning into terrorism . 
  no more excuses to terrorists , enough . 
  you 're romanticizing stupid teenagers , you 're the one being naive here . 
  many of the women that went from the uk to syria were not coming from poor ghettos . 
  had no objective reason to feel `` alienated '' or `` without perspectives '' , some actually came from wealthy families . 
  so yeah , they 're fucking dumb and chose a criminal life style . 
  mocking is the very least they deserve and might actually be the best tool to avoid others to follow the same path . 
  ridicule is a powerful weapon . 
  why do you think charlie hebdo was targeted ? 
  i guess the issue is about being internationally recognized ( international ) border . 
  so in that case the ussr makes that border a very recent international and internationally recognized border . 
  edit : although maybe san marino could challenge that record i think ... 
   mocking them is mocking the victims this series addresses specifically british women that volunteerly joined isis . 
  does n't mock the poor syrian victims caught on the way . 
  they are not victims , they 're criminals . 
  those women are now part of isis . 
  mocking them is therefor mocking isis . 
  they deserved to be mocked . 
  that 's the very least they deserve . 
  it 's very explicitly satirizing isis . 
  how is this not satirizing isis !? 
  of course it touches the always touchy subject of isis being extremely , deeply and undeniably muslim . 
   he passed away six years ago and is survived by his finnish origin wife sinikka jussailainen costa , her daughter anna kaarina costa and her family , who continue to live in the same house in margao today . 
  this finish link is really interesting , who would have guessed ? 
  and then again , i worked with 2 finns during my life , one was of congolese origin and the other one was half-brazilian , so finns do come and go from tropical locations . 
  it 's pronounced exactly the same way though , and frequently misspelled with the double s. 
  funny how so many baltic commentators were pissed with the portuguese map calling them `` european russians '' , and then they always bunch portugal ( and the oldest border in europe ) with spain and call it africa or something like that . 
  and aparently it 's ok to call ussr to former yugoslavia . . zzzz, 
  but . . but isis is not really islamic , right ? 
  so why should any muslim feel offended by this anyway ? 
   if i had mentally prepared dude , one must always be mentally prepared for unexpected sex . 
  number 1 rule in life . 
  it 's funny to see bnei brak so high on the density list . . wonder if it 's still dense on tinder though ... 
  french are not so kinky , they just fuck a lot . 
  but not in a necessarily kinky way . 
   no ragrets . 
  i 'm feeling them for you though . 
  damn , what a waste . 
  so the best part of the continent is actually in africa ? 
  morocco is not an islamic fundamentalist country nor it ever ruled over portugal , the opposite though is partially true . 
  hard to find any resemblance to your relation with russia . 
  samarago 's widow and his translator to spanish is a good example . 
  i 'm sure she understands portuguese perfectly , but dear lord , when she tries to speak it ... 
  but not as good , there 's normally a bit of slavic accent still . 
  ok , some are in portugal since the 90 's and it 's hard to tell . 
  but romanians do speak perfect portuguese in record time . 
  actually it does n't , mali is mostly desert , it 's very easy to cross its borders illegally . 
  mali is on the way for migrants coming from further south to europe . 
  this refusal was just a political point made by the malian government . 
  if you do n't send the boats back , and you imply that any undocumented person must be given right to remain in europe - 'cause they have no country - basically you 're saying that the entire world is welcome to come and stay in europe . 
  you do realize that that 's simply , and on all levels ( political , social , economical , financial , environmental etc ) , unsustainable . 
  the soft/lazy/inconsequential european approach to mass migration is what feeds more boats and more traffickers . 
  good intentions of people like you are just motivating more disasters in the mediterranean based on completely unrealistic expectations . 
  these disasters should be prevented , a clear , fair and much faster/efficient migration policy is urgently needed . 
  we 're heading for disaster right now . 
  thousands of people already die in the mediterranean every year for too many years by now . 
   i 'd love to see you volunteer to check migrants for documents in the middle of the mediterranean . 
  following your logic , the only chance europe has of not receiving these people on a permanent basis is by sending the boats back , so basically deporting everyone with no distinction to libya . 
  i hope your logic wo n't prevail , it would be a disaster . 
  france established their nationality . 
  but naturally france ca n't issue malian passports . 
  mali refused them entry on the basis that they were undocumented . 
  the very same reason they should have been refused entry in europe in the very first place !, 
  mali is showing to europe how you do it !, 
   i follow the rule `` innocence until proven guilty '' being malian is not a crime . 
  everyone has a nationality , if you 're european and you loose your documents you can request new ones by proving your identity , and there are several ways to do this , including having family members to witness your identity . 
  if you have no documents and ca n't request new ones you 're not from the eu and you 're here illegally . 
  so that 's a fair and easy conclusion to reach . 
  being malian is not a crime , many malians live legally in europe . 
  but crossing the borders without documents is indeed illegal . 
  then we 're stucked with undocumented people that illegally crossed our borders !? 
  and once again , there are other ways of determine with a big degree of certainty one 's nationality . 
  basically you just need to let the people talk , people in centers with other co-nationals will eventually talk . 
  also by the time you establish a country of origin and a deportation rule if it 's a real mistake the person will probably ask to go instead to their actual country . 
   about sending people to countries where they are n't from .
