  what 's the % of black people there then ? 
  i was quoting by memory a study that reached that conclusion , that expectation had a huge impact in school results , making black kids falling behind equally disadvantaged asian migrants , where family expectations play a huge role . 
  the statistics are racial profiling by themselves . 
  fuss is needed for real issues . 
  but we do n't need to promote fake issues ... statistics are not neutral . 
  if a newspaper decides to make a poll , out of the blue , on death penalty ( or any other issue ) , it 's not a neutral/agenda free exercise . 
  it can access that statistic of course , but it 's not a neutral thing . 
  racial profiling , even if well intended , is a form of racism . 
  true . 
  it tells us that one country discriminates on their statistics and the others do n't . 
  edit : we can go on and on , but racial profiling is racism . 
  you can say it 's well intended and useful , and i even agree that it might be . 
  but it 's still racism . 
   it 's not illegal to gather information . 
  ah ok , i thought it was in france . 
  [ in portugal it is definitely illegal ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2012/11/22/sociedade/noticia/falar-de-etnias-ainda-e-tabu-1572743 ) , forbidden both by the constitution and the data protection law . 
  we have statistics on racist incidents , we can compare those . 
   i can never support making it illegal to conduct research and collect information about the world around us then we have very different world views . 
  i think too much data is constantly collected , especially by private enterprises , and would like to see a reinforcement of privacy protection . 
  i do n't need facebook to sell to amazon that i liked a certain politician and therefor might be interested in a certain author etc. . edit : and above all i would n't like the state to determine me a race . 
  the alternative is to do like in brazil , give a blank space for people to fill in , but than you get poetic stuff like : `` coffee with milk '' or `` vanilla with chocolate dust '' ( real expressions people have used ) etc, 
  when you decide the groups you 're going to make statistics about you 're not deciding to gather neutral , purely mathematical statistics . 
  you already took a political stand , there 's nothing neutral about that . 
  you already established that not only race is a valid segmentation , you also expect different results for that segmentation . 
  that 's the first step for racism , acknowledging the validity of racial segmentation . 
  part of that enormous impact comes from the fact that in the us that data is constantly used and accounted for . 
  hipocrasy is underrated , it can do miracles for social peace . 
   i do n't think you can make that causal link . 
  i would n't if there were n't statistics . 
  these are different approaches to race , one of giving too much importance to it , in the us , and another of downplaying it 's role , france or portugal . 
  i would n't say the situation is any worse in the last 2 compared to the us . 
  many criteria are used : financial , linguistical , parents education etc. 
  other criteria are not used : race , favorite football club , favorite tv show , height , weight , hair color , amount of body hair etc etc etc theoretically any of these could be used to form groups and make statistics . 
  racist incidents are accounted for , racism is criminalized . 
  i think that 's good and enough . 
  racial profile promotes further stereotyping ... black kids in america are lower achievers in schools because they feel they are expected less as shown by statistics ... 
  my issue is that gathering this data by itself reinforces and perpetuates discrimination and legitimizes race identification - a concept that it 's political and not scientific . 
  the uk allows it and does it all the time . 
  unsure about the rest . 
   i deplore identity politics . 
  this . 
  one thing i like about france and portugal is that it 's illegal to make racial profiles of the population . 
  the un is always trying to pressure countries where this is illegal to change their policy , saying that it 's important to know the numbers . 
  i 'm the first one to admit that the policy of pretending racial blindness brings lots of practical hypocrisies , but in the end of the day is n't that the ideal society ? 
  a racially blind one ? 
  we should aim to the ideal , without denying history nor being constrained by it . 
  the ideal society is racially blind . 
  when you become so anti-racist , so anti-racist , so so so anti-racist that you become a racist yourself . 
  story of this festival . 
  what freaks me out is being a teletubby without an antenna . 
  the teletubby stole the show though . 
  gauthier destenay is younger and hotter . 
  if it was really a burqa no one could tell . 
  love it !, 
  this could be a xmas ad in portugal  although that last part with the money is a bit weird ... 
  you 're doomed poland . 
  without unemployed how are you going to keep on having job centers ? 
  and when they close their employees will have no job and no center to look for one . 
  and then it 's over , for everyone . 
  eurovision does n't have to be that expensive and transmission rights should cover the bill . 
  baku and moscow were the sinners here , taking the extravaganza to a all-new level . 
  portugal will probably organize it in some fado tavern , with a lamp and a black scarf as background , worry you not . 
  living in luxembourg , lived in denmark and germany before - portuguese born and raised . 
  azerty should be criminalized . 
  strange things happen  norwegian fishermen on ads are a xmas classic in portugal , i remember an old one - ca n't find it on youtube though , probably from the 90s - with a long monologue in norwegian from an old fisherman that ended with a portuguese `` feliz natal '' . 
  it could actually be tourists . 
  i know other countries get much more tourists but they also have bigger populations so that effect gets diluted . . 
  i 'm assuming the calculation was kgs sold per year/population . 
  anyway , we totally win on this . 
  i 'm surprised we did n't get the icelandic color on this . 
  we are always number 1 in fish consumption in the eu . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zm-sqvylnu ) , have some visual aid . 
  which countries do n't host any agency ? 
  romania , bulgaria , croatia , any other ? 
  i 'm left wing and despise this propaganda and also the denial a big part of the left is embracing on the topic of islamic terror . 
  there 's nothing lefty about being condescending with a fascist ideology and the ultra-conservative values of islam . 
  i really do not get this trend . 
  but why is the virus called brexit ? 
  the virus intionally migrated to the uk and wants to isolate itself from the rest of the continent ? 
  or the people infected become euroceptic or what ? 
  this is very confusing ... . 
  silly me , we do n't need to send , it will be * chez nous * , 
  so next year we can send something more cheerful to eurovision ... 
  basically that the entire city is an architectural abortion ... but i can enjoy skyscrapers , so i should check it . 
  i live in luxembourg for 5 years and can say that a big portion of the outer parts of the city are not recognizable for someone that knew them 5 years ago . 
  the city is in the state of boom since i know it . 
  traffic is a big issue , unpopular road taxes are the only answer . 
  i always heard horrid things about benidorm , this picture makes me want to go though . 
  often they 're not even that good on that very limited scope . . there are many average docs and few bad ones . 
  yes , in this case lgb and t rights should get separate rankings . 
  iran would rank higher than many european countries in t rights , but they do hang gay people for being gay . 
  check the logos part , 
  and it 's even sponsored by your government :p but no extra points for that . 
  sure , i get that . 
  but let 's agree that not every piece of legislation is equally important nor marking . 
  it 's highly bizarre that the supposed to be number one country in europe for gay rights impedes people from getting married . 
  this ranking tries to be so politically correct -- by giving equal importance to all sort of lgbt rights -- that ends up failing miserably its purpos and giving a very wrong image of the continent . 
  just like the freedom of press ranking by the rwb , that shows france as less free than a few african nations where illiteracy is king . 
  yep , i think the quality of this ranking is comparable to the one of the reporters without borders on freedom of press . . 
  here any piece of legislation counts , and landmark laws like same-sex marriage end up not being very valued , and things like electing a gay pm are not valued at all .
