   it was a titanic battle, 
  to be honest i was hoping that the win would have an `` out of the list '' effect , like , `` ok it 's doable , it 's done , let 's move on '' . 
  but no , the country is as fucked-up-crazy about football as before . 
  it 's only getting worse , clubs have their own tv channels , the daily football papers are still the most read etc. . do n't know how we will ever be able to cure this :p people get far more excited with elections for the presidency of benfica or sporting than for the national presidency . . it 's really dramatic , i wish i was exaggerating . 
  clearly you do n't like football enough . 
  if portugal had lost we would have gone into full depression and mass suicide mode . 
  a crisis ? 
  pff . . just take an aspirin and it will go away . 
  go away britain , brexit means brexit . 
  i can confirm that . 
  i 'm always surprise when i read comments of people saying that everyone in germany is fluent in english , that 's definitely not my experience , and i 've traveled a lot in germany . 
  i guess it 's the old `` german efficiency '' stereotype at work again , french are bad at english but germans are great at it . 
  depends on the 4 you speak though , i speak 4 but i lack the local and german , so i still count as uneducated . . lol, 
  you ca n't just assume a crime if you have zero evidences of it . 
  and , in the context of schengen , even that one would be a strange crime . 
  after all our borders are supposed to be open -- except apparently for asylum seekers , even if in practice that 's simply impossible to apply . 
  not knowing the law is never an excuse not to respect it . 
  also i do n't understand how giving a lift and cookies helps illegal migration : they were already in the country . 
  unless the real issue here is about the cookies and the idea is that feeding illegal immigrants keeps them alive and therefor helps illegal migration . 
  i started to read expecting to find a border crossing from germany or so . . but no , it was a lift entirely inside denmark to a train station . 
  so people now in denmark will have to ask the residency status and passport before offering a ride to someone ? 
  went well in several cases : germany , japan . . or do you think syria will be able to rebuild itself without a foreign occupation at some moment ? 
  ( that probably will be an international force of blue helmets . . ), 
   declarating a war to libya when there is no reason to what 's libya ? 
  this could easily be done with the agreement of the recognized government that would be happy with the idea since they have no control of their country . 
  morocco is a completely different story . 
  that is indeed a sovereign country . 
   the brazilian gold was just a mask . 
  it was still real gold . 
  but hey , it 's gone ... 
   a sovereign nation that 's precisely the point . 
  it is not . 
  it 's a lawless area . 
  the turkish deal did n't work because it relied on turkish authorities . 
  europe should militarily occupy a part of libya . 
  not overall . 
  anyway migrants are coming via libya , so it makes sense . 
  tunisia could be a possibility , but they seem to have control of their borders , although they also have many empty hotels ... 
   should be in another country fair to say that it 's a failed state that ca n't keep security of its borders . 
  as much as i hate to say it , orban seems to be the only politician in europe with a realistic and pragmatical view on this issue . 
  keep saving people in the mediterranean and bringing them to europe is only stimulating the unsustainable migration waves and more deaths in the mediterranean . . libya is a failed state and the only way to control the situation is by occupying its coast . 
  alc\u00e1cer-quibir is the decline point maybe . 
  but the country was still rich for some centuries more . 
  the brazilian gold was like a drug . 
  the gold is long gone , but we were in hangover mode till 1974 . 
   the independence of brazil was in 1822 . 
  that 's a long time ago to be responsible for portugal 's current status . 
  that was not my point , i just pointed out that till that point portugal was a rich country . 
  the french invasions and `` consequent '' ( kind of , the king went to brazil and that was the start of the brazilian nationality and nationalist movement ) independence of brazil put an end to that wealth . 
  the economic model was unsustainable for a long time and missing the industrial revolution was the big issue on the long run , but anyway , till that point portugal was a rich country . 
  decline started with the earthquake of 1755 ( which by the way shows how insane it is to still concentrate all the wealth and investments in lisbon ... ) , but what made portugal irreversibly poor for more than 200 years were the french invasions . 
  ( it 's ok to blame the french , everybody does that anyway ) . 
  i 'm not saying the wealth was well distributed or invested . 
  but there was wealth in the country , at that time among the wealthiest of europe . 
  most scandinavia was far poorer at that time . 
  times change of course . 
  education works , but does n't work overnight . 
  will take time , migrants returning can/will have a positive impact . 
  people do n't take it so easily the terrible inequality , so voters will be more demanding in the future , they already are . 
  it all started with the french invasions and independence of brazil . 
  till that point portugal was fairly rich . 
  since then it 's always misery . . the only decades of strong growth were the 80 's and part of 90 's . 
  but then we got stuck again . 
  we 're far from the political and economical centers of europe , 40 decades of fascism only lead us to colonial war and poor education ... joining the eu was good , but since the $ uro and eastern enlargement we ca n't keep up , better educated countries , closer to germany etc are much more interesting to invest than us , forgotten in our corner ... but i 'm an optimist , education levels improved a lot and if portugal manages to attract back some of the people that lost to migration durante the last 5 years it can boom in the near future . 
  all we need is some political stability and some anti-poverty/low-wages policies . 
  betting in low-wages to attract investment is assuring poverty for years to come . 
  was actually posted 4 days ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53in0y/the_new_europeans_how_the_latest_great_migration/?st=ithatnim&amp;sh=6a6555f5 upvote it !, 
  you should post that link . 
  the one used by the op is useless , plus that title ... 
  trains services should have never been privatized . 
  if there 's an area of business where state owned monopoly makes perfect sense is the railways . 
  the artificial competition promoted by the eu consisted in dividing train services from railways , increasing tremendously the inefficiency of these companies and barely growing any real competition . 
  railways have limited capacity , simplifies everything if it 's only one company running the trains and owning the tracks . 
  if that was the case the night-trains would be perfectly viable like they are in russia . 
  alcohol prohibition ? 
  never heard of . 
  supermarkets are generally open till 22 , but can be open till midnight in some areas . 
  plus there are the convenience shops 24/7 . 
  i know , but i thought that had deviated to the east due to the new obstacles on the serbian-croat-slovenian borders . . 
  yep , moroccan stability is the real blessing here . . let 's hope it carries on . 
  i know , but i also saw on the news that people do try to cross the river . . as croatia and slovenia are now difficult borders . 
  but in the meanwhile croatia and slovenia are closed borders . . 
  i thought romania was the new one , just on the other day some people died trying to cross the danube . 
   it \u00b4 s per capita , per million . 
  i got that part , but still , romania is really in the center of the action ... 
  they built a wall :p and the state of the economy is not good enough to be attractive as a target country . 
  also morocco cooperates with the policy and it 's the most stable country in north africa right now , so can really cooperate . 
  sorry , but slovakia has less . 
  but is n't romania kind of on the way more or less ? 
  how 's it possible that romania gets less than portugal ? 
  they 're pretty much on the route . . no ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  funny that obama just praised portugal on the un about receiving refugees , good nobody showed him this map . 
  they already have their own group with peru ( ` turkey ' in portuguese ) and india ( ` from india ' -- dinde , is ` turkey ' in french ) . 
  conflicting googling is a real issue though . 
  the dutch already found the cheaper `` oranges from china '' , we 're screwed . 
  clearly those are just the counterfeit cheaper alternative . 
  real oranges come from the algarve . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i was just trying to get away with `` a bunch of languages '' . . should have never made that mistake .
