  there are many snowy areas in spain . 
  sweden is not in eastern europe . 
   and the fact that you need winter set for clothes and boots not all south europe is a walk in the park during winter ... most people still need winter clothes , and it snows in significant portions of the south . . 
  just a pity that 's not true , especially with the two items i mentioned . 
  [ you 're right ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/property-investment/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+kingdom&amp;country2=switzerland&amp;city1=london&amp;city2=zurich&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison ) . 
  true , some essentials in portugal are incredibly expensive , water and electricity for starts . 
  ( great idea to privatize them , was n't it ? ), 
  with the new exchange rate for the pound i bet on zurich for that . 
  luxembourg ( that would maybe top the list ) !, 
  could it be that the french jewish migration to israel is related to this , must be . 
  quite surprised by the israeli prices . 
  also that riga or tallin are more expensive than lisbon . 
  maybe it 's time to think about investing in housing back home . . looking at this really looks like bargain prices , great opportunities . 
  hmmm ... 
  another difference to portugal is that down there you have time to get used to high temperatures , as they come and tend to last . 
  here they arrive like an explosion and by the time you 're getting used to it , it 's gone again . . rain an 15\u00bac . . 
  was 33\u00bac in the afternoon , and the humidity makes it hell :p, 
  yes !, 
  ca n't wait for that rain to arrive to luxembourg . 
  we 're not far apart , also [ crazy hot in luxembourg right now ] ( https://www.google.lu/search?q=weather+luxembourg&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8 ) , hoping for the promised rain ... 
  he 's already president , and sarkozy before him . . does n't seem an issue in france . 
  true , but this is one of those situations where almost anyone will laugh/smile . 
  no harm done , he wo n't loose any vote due to this . 
  between the two , despite not being a fan of hollande , i would definitely vote for him over marcelo . 
  cool article , i was wondering how the presidential race is perceived in slovenia , does trump gets extra popularity there ( compared to other eu countries ) due to melania ? 
  in reality it 's a crappy rectangle even without the islands ... even more if we get oliven\u00e7a back , and hell , we want it back . 
  it 's just a joke . . 
  but did he really date a 73 year old man ? 
  i remember reading once , long ago even before orlando , that terrorists used sometimes gay apps to communicate with each other while avoiding the secret services radar . . that does n't really expect a muslim fundamentalist to be there . 
  could it be that the reason ? 
   doing military honors in case you 're wondering who else did you see ? 
  did you do that a lot ? 
  more photos from this visit [ here ] ( http://www.presidencia.pt/?idc=10&amp;idi=111713 ) . 
  i guess the data comes from here : [ international migrant stock 2015 ] ( http://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/data/estimates2/estimates15.shtml ), 
   yet a relatively large amount of portugese reside within luxemburg it 's not `` yet '' , it 's due to what you mentioned before . 
  luxembourg has a huge % of portuguese residents , but by total numbers there are much bigger portuguese communities in france , switzerland , germany , uk and outside europe in places like usa , brazil , south africa , canada or venezuela , yes , venezuela -- i also do n't understand , but they 're mostly madeirans in that case . 
  then i do n't know ... could simply be that poles are much less inconspicuous in germany and nobody noticed how many they are by now :p poles everywhere . 
  i do n't know where the data comes from . 
  but someone born in angola has angola as place of birth in the registration now . . so the system probably puts it as foreign born by current terms . 
   hard to believe there are more polish born it may include german citizens born in what 's now poland but formerly german territory . 
   the portuguese data is just wrong . 
  foreign-born population in its literal sense may include many nationals , in that case angola makes perfect sense , thousands of portuguese were born there . 
  we 're already in political union , it 's called the european union . 
  maybe in the future will be the 2 last remaining members . . one never knows . . but that 's that . 
  no border , common currency , common market . 
  more than enough as it is . 
  you should try it on vacations first . 
  depending on your area of activity it can be a great country , but most jobs are not so well paid . . 
  but try it for yourself , see if you like it ... you would n't be the first irish , no worries , parts of the algarve are fairly irish already , 
  portugal especially has always been a `` yes-man '' kind of eu member , what did that bring it ? 
  respect ? 
  more tolerance ? 
  nothing of course . 
  greece on the other hand was always a better negotiator in brussels . 
  when portugal and spain joined the eu , greece was compensated , otherwise would block the enlargement . 
  when the eu wanted to go east greece said it would only vote yes if cyprus was in the bunch ( even if did n't really meet the criteria , starting with the borders situation ) . 
  the iberian countries never really used these tactics , what did that bring them ? 
  nothing , just bullying during politically fragile moments ( minority government in lisbon and no government in madrid ) to try to condition the electoral results . 
  we have to better argue in brussels . 
  everyone follows schauble 's vote because he is not afraid of using all his power , but if small countries join together the vote swings . 
  since countries do n't spontaneously decide to join forces in a positive way , they just tend to follow the bully in the room , we better use some bully tactics , it 's not nice , but would be effective . 
  just imagine the faces in riga , tallinn or vilnius if they received a phone call explaining that their airspace would be left unguarded if they voted against pt and es , they would at least think twice before they did it . 
  who mentioned leaving the eu ? 
  i mentioned both pt and es stop wasting money protecting the baltic air space at the same time the 3 baltic finance ministers vote against es and pt in brussels . 
  why portugal and spain ? 
  simple , portugal as a minority left government in power , spain is trying to form a government . 
  the eucofin wants to condition both governments and fuck the elections . 
  curiously these 2 countries are the ones protecting baltic airpsace till the end of august , whose 3 finance ministers decided to vote in a direct attack against portugal and spain . 
  euroscepticism is running very high very quickly with me . 
  i say fuck it , let 's save some euros and bring the jets home right now . 
  if russia invades it actually ends up being economically positive for portugal and spain , being far away from russia will become a valuable asset . 
  it 's all about the bucks right ? 
  solidarity is paid with solidarity . 
  totally second this . 
  time to bully others as well . 
  why on earth is portuguese and spanish airforces protecting the baltic airpsace when the baltic finance ministers are atacking our countries ? 
  i say leave the baltics right now . 
  good luck with russia !, 
  congrats eucofin for fueling euroscepticism in the last corner of the continent where it was n't present . 
  portugal and spain are curiously the countries protecting the baltic airspace right now . 
  that should be the first `` extra measure '' announced by both countries : immediate retreat from the baltics . 
  solidarity must be paid with solidarity . 
  that was the feeling of most people that made the swing from the first referendum ( 1998 ) and the second ( 2007 ) . 
  illegal abortion was a real health issue , as women died not so rarely from it . 
  since the legalization there are virtually no illegal and unsafe abortions and a few studies estimate that the number of total abortions was reduced compared to the time when it was a crime . 
  the fact we had 2 referendums on the subject allowed everyone to mature their positions and improve the planning . 
  if the first campaign was still a bit on the `` women 's right tone '' , that did n't go well with center voters , the second one was all about health and how to reduce the number of abortions . 
  the legalization side was more convincing as the best strategy to reduce abortions and health problems related to abortions . 
  those doctors never endangered the system , it 's really simple to get a legal and safe abortion today in portugal . 
  the number of doctors that refuse to do it are not forced to do it , but ca n't impede also . 
  you 're talking about then a completely symbolic exit that would in fact make valid some arguments of the leave camp , `` law is imposed on us from brussels '' , while before uk meps would have a say on those laws . 
  to sumarize my point , while the legalization in many european countries decades before portugal , was fought as a women 's right issue , in portugal it was mostly as a health issue , being the illegal abortions the main problem , and a consensus idea that it 's a good thing to reduce abortion numbers , legal or ilegal . 
  so that makes the entire history and approach quite different from other countries . 
  i 'll dare to say that it 's mostly to very good policies/infrastructure on family planning , popularity of the day-after pill and some catholic guilt . 
  legalization was recent , the debate was very deep and long between both referendums , so that lead to the current policy that has many mechanisms to prevent unwanted pregnancies at the same time that provides free , unburocratic , safe , simply by request , abortion . 
  a big part of the argument from the legalization side on the referendum was that legalization could lead to lower abortions , and that is exactly what happened . 
  that was part of the program all along . 
  sectors that before were against things like sexual education in schools or free distribution of pills and condoms became very much in favor after legalization of abortion , for instance . 
  the legalization came together with many other policies and changes in views from conservative sectors . 
  it 's a bit like portugal \u00b4 s decriminalization of drugs , that lead to a reduction of drug addicts and so on . . moving the issue from the courts to the hospitals/health centers , it works .
