  so yeah , we should n't dismiss them , but we should certainly not focus again on them like they did in america with trump . 
  she 's there , she 's always been around , we know she exists , but she 's useless , so let 's talk about serious candidates . 
   a lot more relevant . 
  no she 's not . 
  just a silly putin 's puppet , now trying to lick trump 's ass . 
  for someone claiming that france should leave the eu and that france is selfsufficient she seems to be far too dependent on foreign powers . 
  what is more nationalist after all ? 
  having france as a leader of the eu or having france as a puppet of russia or trump ? 
  she 's not a serious person , she 's disonest and goes with whomever pays her more -- independently of any national interest ... 
  speaking english : oh la la big probl\u00e9me !, 
  licking trump 's ass : patriotism . 
  it 's like that for a long time now , it 's not easy to reverse positions when you 're even further away from the economic center of europe ... at least since the french invasions that portugal is poorer than spain . 
  our advantage of having peace while you had a civil war was lost when we had a colonial war instead ... 
  there are no administrative regions in portugal and too much centralism in lisbon , that 's certainly not helping either . . 
  ahaha , however francesinhas are a relatevely recent invention , most our 80 year olds probably never had one ... our diet is quite healthy , lots of fish , cabbages , rice and olive oil . 
  the problem was the colonial war just a few decades ago , being the poorer of the southern countries is also not an advange :p, 
   the darkness takes its toll . 
  it really does , you can see the north-south divide across germany , which is populated enough to be significant . 
  it 's more noticeable than the west-east divide , that would easily be explained by economy . 
  our difference with spain can probably be explained by the colonial war , that killed many youngsters in the 60 's and 70 's . 
  edit : historically we also always had a higher death rate on traffic accidents , which could partially be explained by our higher population density as well . . 
  i would guess these 2 factors to be the explanation . 
  if anything our traditional diet is healthier , plenty of fish , 
  welcome to the 10m club !, 
  so cool , you clearly see madeira island right at the beginning . 
  ps : why are the madeiran and azorean flags not a flair option on this sub ? 
  we should advance in that direction . 
  legalizing the sale , and not just decriminalizing consumption . . 
  yes we are !, 
  sorry , the pictures are not so pretty , but there are in fact a few snowflakes visible on some of them . 
  it 's not really a soup , is `` wet rice '' one could say , but mostly rice normally joined by chicken meat . 
  very tasty . 
  i 'm surprised that 's the choice , i think we have much less attractive dishes , from pig feet to testicles soups or the famous porto 's tripe . 
  this newspaper claims that it snowed in southern portugal , but the [ pictures it shows to prove its point are a bit ... 
  snowless . 
  ] ( http://www.jn.pt/local/noticias/faro/vila-real-de-santo-antonio/interior/as-imagens-da-neve-que-caiu-no-algarve-e-no-alentejo-5615200.html ), 
  why ? 
  do you hate rice that much ? 
  ca n't be the blood , that 's in half the map . . lol, 
  for those of you interested in trying out the `` blood rice '' the name of this heaven-sent dish is `` [ arroz de cabidela ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cabidela ) '' , tastier rice you 'll ever had . 
   leaving new york city as the sole uncontested capital of finance they 'll be the big winners on the london 's fall . 
  will take decades for a new european world financial capital to rise . 
  portugal ca n't into snow :( it even snowed loads in tunisia on the other day . 
  edit : it does snow occasionally on some mountains , including in the azores and madeira . 
  but never major cities . 
  +2 \u00bac can be awfully cold , humidity and wind play a huge role on the cold feel . 
  i live in luxembourg for years , frequently experimenting -5 \u00bac and even -12 \u00bac , and yet i remember how much more nasty +2 \u00bac can feel in porto , shaking the teeth and all . . 
  i sincerely hope that the brexit + trump effect will actually be very counterproductive to all european politicians trying to surf the same wave ( wilders , afd , etc ) . 
  we need a strong eu more than ever before , people like le pen are and should be regarded as easily sold traitors . 
  the `` crisis '' is not due to feel also very close to non-european countries , although sometimes that might highlight a bit the crisis . . there 's quite some wishful thinking in this thing of being european , it 's relatively easy to feel european in certain contexts but can be quite hard in others . 
  for example , if you 're outside europe and meet other europeans you can easily feel the `` europeaness '' . 
  but in europe you might frequently just be made to feel a foreigner ... i love europe and the idea of a continent without borders , but that 's definitely a work in progress and sometimes you feel less optimistic about the future :p, 
  the problem of that tactic is that it will only work while brussels is around , once brexit really becomes brexit it 's a dead tactic . 
  and then eventually that same electorate will realize that decades of brussels ' blaming was mostly being used to camouflage your own political class failures and incompetence . 
  this also shows how much that very same political class still has no clue on brexit and its consequences or how to promote fruitful negotiations in brussels . 
  they learnt nothing all these years . . appalling . 
  1 ) i do , but i have identity crisis on occasion . 
  i also feel very connected to portuguese speaking countries such as brazil , and on occasion feel it 's often hard to find a common identity/mentality with eastern europe -- sorry . 
  2 ) 18 , interrail across south europe -- amazing and scary experience . 
  3 ) that the continent , despite all fails , manages to be a beacon of hope , freedom and openness to the world . 
  4 ) a complicated peninsula of eurosia with many sub-peninsulas . 
  hard to determine the borders with the rest of eurasia though ... 
   i have never eaten better vegetables than those made in the gardens of my grandfather . 
  i 've only met 2 bulgarian people in my life , both complained about the quality of vegetables in northern europe as opposed to bulgaria -- so this is a thing for me now , bulgarian and their vegetables . 
  on my side i have to say the best tomatoes i ever had was in russia but they were supposed to come from azerbaijan . 
  do you understand now why we have an `` island mentality '' ? 
  ouch , quite sensitive are n't you ? 
  i grew up in rural areas till becoming a grown up . . zero hate . 
  `` their beliefs '' are not all the same , gays are born in the countryside as well ... who 's being condescending here ? 
  sounds like you 're talking about a lost tribe . . 
  for sure was a spaniard making this ... 
  the only country going for an american brand . . 
   have you heard about adoption ? 
  there are age limits for adoption , do n't know the specifics of polish law , but in most countries someone over 45 wo n't be able to adopt . 
  but are gay marches in poland really like that ? 
  that does n't match at all the images i 've seen from polish marches . 
  they always look very political , with people shouting political slogans while surrounded by policemen and neonazis . 
  the party gay parades are normally a thing from cities with very well established gay communities and gay rights and hotstops of gay tourism : madrid , berlin and so on ... 
  even in portugal , that has well established gay rights for already some years , you do n't really see much naked asses on gay marches . . only in lisbon you might get a glimpse of a couple of those . . 
  educate yourself before spreading bs https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_same-sex_unions, 
  use google beyond fox news and you might find it . 
  homosexuality had many different legal approaches throughout time and societies , it 's true that criminalization was the dominant approach , but very often there were recognition and tolerance . 
  too often to allow your comment to pass as simple ignorance . 
  yeah , i also saw that news , peacefull catholic masses being disrupted by gay gangs on rural poland all the time . . shame . 
  fun and fake fact by the way . 
  there were several forms of recognition of same-sex unions throughout history . 
   you would gain more from memorizing the telephone directory of soviet wladivostok of 1925 . 
  i 'm waiting for that course on duolingo . 
  12 from the top15 are european countries . 
  can foreign non-residents marry in ireland ? 
  no , marriage law is strictly a national issue , so no state is forced to recognize a marriage or union made elsewhere . 
  that 's a far more complicated issue , harder to be objective . 
  in the case of raising children you can use objective comparisons between children raised by couples of same-sex or other types of families , school results for instance . 
  the only important detail is to compare adopted children with adopted children , as frequently they already have a difficult background that often creates problems down the road independently of being adopted by same-sex or different-sex couples . 
   i dislike getting my opinion from only the pro-side . 
  there 's scientific research on this issue , that 's the one to check . 
  in the us there are many well documented cases of gay couples that in the meanwhile are already great-grand parents ... 
  in portugal legally adoption by same-sex couples is recent , in practice there were quite a few cases already for years as portugal allows single-adoption since ever , so in practice same-sex couples were already raising children . 
  most of these cases were probably not via adoption though , but via biological children of one of the members of the couple ... 
  no they do n't , that 's entirely to state level .
