  took taxis in lisbon dozens of times , never had a problem . 
  uber can work in portugal with no problem , as long as it follows the portuguese law . 
  which it does n't . 
  they are pirate taxis and offer zero protection to their clients in case of trouble . 
  taking a uber is the risky business here . 
  no drama , for the record you 're quoting a neo-liberal website that loves to give free publicity to uber for ideological reasons . 
  not reliable in the least . 
   i 'm not from lisbon but , you 're not from lisbon but you still thought it was a good idea to spread online insults against lisbon 's taxi drivers 'cause you 're a neo-liberal lunatic , right ? 
  anti-uber protests in france are far more violent , just to give an example . 
  taxis are generally safe and cheap in portugal . 
  today there were some demonstrations and some jams due to that . 
  no drama , it 's normal in a free society . 
  but a free society also has rules , rules that uber does not respect btw . 
  the op is hugely exaggerating everything . 
  anti-uber protests in france , for instance , are far more violent . 
  there are a few nasty taxi drivers in portugal , like anywhere else , but in general they are nice and it 's cheaper than in most eu countries . 
   thailand has taken a turn for the worse recently with the instability / military dictatorship etc interesting how that seems not to have affected the influx of tourists in the least . 
  normally political coups and politically instability cause great damage in tourism - all northern africa can say that right now - but with thailand no one cared about it , and tourists just kept going as if nothing is going on . . we barely get any coverage about it , despite the thousands of european tourists there every day ... 
  am i a horrible person for thinking that this video could be used in anti-obesity campaigns ? 
  'cause it totally could . 
  i 'm not complicated . 
  i just resist temptation of reducing a complex world to simplistic , even if convenient , boxes . 
  in the end they just create a greater mess . . as history showed many times . 
  you missed the point . . the point was not the white people , was just white people , everyone looking the same . 
  exactly . 
  depends , varies , no clear answer . 
  a same jurisdiction can easily have different age limits for sexual consent , drinking , driving , voting , criminal responsibility and so on ... it 's not black and white . 
  some , i fear , never reach that point . 
  my question was , how much of that lineage must be portuguese for you to count as portuguese ? 
  everyone has foreigners in their lineage . . 
  ah . . ok then . . so what 's the point ? 
  but are the polls showing any significative difference in relation to last elections ' results ? 
  i know blond blue-eyes portuguese , dark skinned portuguese , and loads of different types in between . . and i 'm just mentioning the so called `` white portuguese '' , yep , it 's very diverse . 
  tall and small ... etc, 
  define `` most '' . 
  oh right . . it 's complicated , right ? 
  so why try to simplify a complex reality with simple categories that mean nothing in the end ? 
  who decides that ? 
  portugal sees itself as a multiracial state for decades . . 
  even during the dictatorship that was how the country perceived itself . 
  so there 's not one `` ethnicity '' , but several . 
  this involves a group of students from europe 's southwest being harassed in easter europe while taking part on a european exchange program . 
  this could hardly be any more pan-european . . 
  i guess that 's it . 
  if you see that much uniformization and you do n't fit all those parameters ( be it race , language , place of birth , etc ) . . you feel misplaced . 
  if you do fit all the parameters you probably do n't even think about it ... 
   us who 's us ? 
  i speak for myself , you 're free to do the same . 
   do you also go to china and africa and say it 's oppressing because it 's only asian and black people ? 
  it feels that way . 
  would n't feel comfortable living in a country where anyone else has the same features ( whichever they are ) ... 
  i 've traveled many countries like that , would not live in any of them . 
  they 're interesting to visit , not to live . 
   you should move to africa and you can be free of this `` oppression '' for life . 
  the oppression was not for being white , but for being all the same . 
   that 's an ... interesting observation . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  every single person you cross on the street is white , blond and has similar features . 
  there were few tourists at the time . 
  it just made me feel too foreigner ... 
  i get comfort in diversity , feel oppressed in mono-colored places , be it poland , asia or africa . 
  prefer countries like canada , western europe or brazil . 
  portuguese have many colors : [ this is our current prime minister ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/thumb/2/23/retrato_ant%c3%b3nio_costa.jpg/200px-retrato_ant%c3%b3nio_costa.jpg ) , [ this is our current minister of justice ] ( http://diariodigital.sapo.pt/images_content/2016/franciscavandunemministrajustica2016.jpg ) and [ this is a former minister of education ] ( http://www.dn.pt/storage/dn/2012/big/ng2121854.jpg?type=big&amp;pos=0 ) . 
  it 's not , it 's a proudly racially diverse country . 
   why would any sane person decide to go to one of the most racist country in europe for erasmus ? 
  for portuguese students it 's one of the most affordable possibilities . 
  the inverse is also true , there are many poles doing erasmus in portugal . 
  worth to add that in the case of madeira and azores both were uninhabited at the time they became part of portugal . 
  also in the case of the azores , continental portugal is clearly the closest continent . 
  so there 's really nothing imperialistic about these 2 territories . 
  no , it 's not normal that a group of erasmus students has to be relocated by their hosting school and a private security company needs to be hired to protected them . 
  this is not usual at all , even in poland . 
  if this was usual , it would be a reason to suspend the erasmus program all together . 
  or not , there were always portuguese people with dark and very dark skin . . and even if most black portuguese can trace an african ancestor in their family , some ca n't , as there are black people in portugal at least since the age of discoveries . 
  anyway , not a problem , not a reason to be attacked no matter where . 
   , , tough , , nothing new really . 
  slovakia is one of the very few countries in europe i still have n't visited , if racism is that normal to you , maybe it 's not worth the visit . 
  racism is illegal in portugal , the students are portuguese period , independently of their skin color . 
  i like poland and i do have a few polish friends . 
  that said , i always remember my first trip to poland , 14 years ago , as a trip into a very white country . 
  i 'm `` white '' myself , even white enough to pass as a pole , but so much whiteness had an impact on both me and my friends ( also white ) travelling at the time , it was almost oppressing . 
  then we saw the first black guy in more than a week , and we were all curious and relieved . . 
  guess what , of course he was portuguese :p that trip we did between poland and czech republic , and the second was already much more diverse at the time . . there we met some guys from guinea-bissau . 
  worth pointing out that these are highschool students , not the regular college students of regular erasmus program . 
  the original post in polish was also deleted using the `` local news '' argument . . all news are local eventually , but this one is quite paneuropean actually . 
  they were verbally attacked and physically threatened , and worth pointing out they were only high school students , erasmus + . 
  people who ca n't read or right are limited to tv and radio , true . 
  that 's a limitation , not extra-freedom . 
  the education level of a population directly impacts its freedom of press and political freedom . 
  should be a criteria as well . 
  precisely , incidents registered and opinions provided by a questionnaire to the local media people . 
  just that . 
  another thing is that size does not matter in this ranking , so samoa ends up being freer than spain . 
  but is it really ? 
  i wonder how many different newspapers you have in samoa to chose from , how many different views are published ... is it really freer than spain ? 
  this ranking is idiotic . 
  i really dislike this ranking , it simply counts incidents and assumes countries with no incidents reported are countries with free press . 
  that 's why some african countries do so well on the list . 
  but how can you even start talking about free press when half of your population ca n't read or write ? 
  thanks , but that kind of screws some stereotypes i had on polish , dutch and irish people .
