  but it 's a bit weird that france 's workers make more money ... 
  they should call the referendum off ... there 's no use now . 
   this was the reason blame madeira everyone , or if you prefer , its ambassador [ cristiano ronaldo ] ( http://futbolita.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/201312151118406814440-p5.jpg ) lol, 
  this is as updated as any news about gibraltar 's sovereignty . 
  nope , it 's true ... and ongoing event ... 
  it 's time for germany 's workers to feel in their pockets why germany is called the economic powerhouse of europe ... getting the title but not the perks is no fun . 
   for the british this would have been a 3rd party . 
  we are now . 
  we were n't then , and we should have fought for our position . 
  letting this be a national debate on an old membership in an international union was a mistake , i 'm more and more convinced of that . 
  guess we 'll never know what would have happened , but we now know that there was nothing to lose to try it out . 
  non-existence is insufficient to keep tourists away , but an average of tripadvisor stars bellow 3 should do the trick . 
  keep on reviewing !, 
  well , that 's what happens after asking for a divorce . . should n't be a surprise . 
  you mean `` leave '' could have won ? 
  i was talking mostly about politicians , from eu to national politicians from other states . 
  obama was a 3rd party , we were not . 
  that 's my point , and we should have participated stating just that , you may chose divorce , but you need to listen your partners first . 
  it 's funny/sad how long it 's taking for cities to realize this . 
  you just need to enter a forest on a hot day to feel the huge difference that plants can make to the microclimates ... more trees/plants and more incentives to electric cars and soon the air and climate of our cities will be much much better . 
  on a personal level get your balcony full of plants , you 'll see it makes a difference . 
  but , but , but ... `` we have our country back ! '' decades refusing to be an active member of the eu , decades of using the eu as the scapegoat for everything ( including many issues where the eu has zero responsibility and little to no media denouncing just that ) , decades of rejection of any initiative about awareness of the work of the eu , decades leading the ignorance about the eu on eurobarometer ... a populist referendum about increasing the budget of the nhs at the expense of the eu and now bam , reality knocks at the door . 
  the eu was a bit too lazy during the referendum campaign , treating it as an exclusively national debate ... people mostly agreed with that position as everyone thought that anything they would do would be counterproductive . 
  maybe it would be counterproductive , but it was a mistake not to have done more . 
  having non-brits more actively participating in the debate is what european cooperation/openness is all about . . the referendum was a missed opportunity to let the british voters feel the european love . 
  was mostly about dog rights , not environmentalism . 
  pets are a source of pollution , they do n't have a positive impact on the environment . 
  hitler not considering portugal a priority target gives zero credit to salazar on `` keeping portugal out of the ww2 '' . 
  was not like poland chose to take part ... 
  so did hitler , animal rights advanced in his time . 
  he 's still a scumbag like the people defending him today . 
  if you think portugal did n't do much better during those 20 years of democracy you must be a fascist . 
  child mortality went from 3rd rates to the best in the world , freedom of speech became a reality , women got emancipation from their husbands , freedom of divorce , etc etc etc. 
  it 's not all about the deficit , the deficit it 's quite irrelevant when if the population benefit zero from a low one . 
  ps : i refuse to argue if a fascist was a scumbag or not . 
  fascists are always scumbags . 
  many people admire him , but it 's not for that . 
  politically he was a nobody . 
  people admire his poems . 
  portugal was at war , miserably poor , with miserable health ( huge child mortality rates ) and miserable education levels under his rule . 
  you 're overvaluing financial bankruptcy . 
  compare portugal and the rest of europe before and after his rule , the gap grew incredibly . 
  his incompetence . 
  edit : on top of that remember that portugal was not involved in the wwii , contrary to most of the continent and yet was still part of the marshall plan and still ... miserable and much further away from all those countries by the end of his rule than at the beginning . 
  my point was that mandatory primary school was already a plan in the end of the monarchy , even if not executed . 
  the republic came with even bigger plans ... by the time the dictatorship starts creating primary schools is already too little too late , and plenty of children never got an education during those decades anyway . 
  things have to be seen according to their time , in the 1960 's portugal was miserably behind almost any other european state . 
   you 're already a well-known troll in / r/portugal . 
  lol says the guy with the daily record of rejected posts ahahaha seriously , go find another hobby . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  denouncing fascist trolls is not harassment , sorry `` buddy '' go victimize yourself in another life . 
   nation 's education system ( which , prior to 1928 was non-existent ) false , primary schools were created and made mandatory in the end of the monarchy . 
  the republic had plans to make it a reality nationwide , your fascist coup delayed the project ... congrats . 
  free education available nation-wide is a conquest of the 1974 revolution . 
   that means that the estado novo regime was responsible for raising the literacy rate in portugal from zero to 75 % . 
  simply not true . 
  fascist lies . 
   the estado novo radically changed that by jump-starting a public education system . 
  not true , the public education started with the republic . 
  edit : and was already a plan in the end of the monarchy . 
  true , it 's not an easy inheritance . 
  but the progress has been tremendous . 
   this probably the most repeated example of how things were during the dictatorship . 
  no , that 's just an example of his economic short-sighting - he 's normally praised for his economic features , by the same people that advocate the most extremely liberal theories , which is completely idiotic as he was in fact ultra-protectionist . 
  about infrastructure and education , in 20 years the country did much much more than in his 40 years . 
  incomparable more . 
  it 's really not honest to say he did anything on that field , he did n't do the bare minimum . 
  you made the comparison between hitler , franco , mussolini ... and putting salazar aside of the group , he 's definitely part of that group , even if there are many differences among them all . 
  true , tv news are cancer these days ... 
   the portuguese parliament approving a recommendation that the state should actively censor the internet you mean they ( democratic elected multi-party representatives ) want to censor pedophile websites ? 
  yeah , tragic . 
   the estado novo even had national elections wow , yes they did . 
  a pity there was a single option , but hey , there were elections . 
  the same can be said of the committee in north korea by the way . 
   he might have given his life for his country he did n't , he gave his life to a broken chair . 
  blessed broken chair . 
   dont compare salazar 's dictatorship to others : hitler , mussolini , stalin , franco - those were `` horribly opressive '' you mean dictators in bigger countries killed and tortured more people ? 
  what a shocker , it 's called demographics . 
   but many here admire him we 're now a democracy , you 're now free to admire a scumbag if you really want to , no thanks to him though . 
   people dont have a unanimous opinion about the man that applies to anyone . 
  dictators always have a big fan base , otherwise they would n't keep in power so long . 
  assad is beloved by lots of syrians , stalin is great for many russians , erdogan is beloved by many turks etc. . . 
  they 're still scumbags . 
  he kept rural population illiterate , sent thousands of young men to die in the african colonies ( the poor ones , people with good connections only went to nice spots , for example former president cavaco silva reminds with nostalgia his army days in mozambique , beach parties all the time ) , ensured that the country had only 3rd world infrastructure spending all the money in the bloody war , but there are still people believing that he was not that bad , that at least the deficit was under control . 
  you also needed a lighter license to carry one , as the country only produced matches ... 
  thank you troika for making public deficit our number one criteria to judge politicians such as the above scumbag . 
  oh televote science ... right . 
  at that time those ladies are sleeping . 
  we can into iceland . 
  it 's funny , i can perfectly imagine the portuguese ladies of a certain age saying they do n't feel safe at all , just moments before going for their daily night walk ... it 's a very visible habit , groups of older ladies walking through the streets at 22h or 23h ... my mom does that with her friends lol but fair enough , they do n't like to do it alone . . 
  we 're paying the duck here for this expression :p your tears make us [ pay the monkey ] ( http://noticias.terra.com.br/educacao/vocesabia/interna/0,,oi3437434-ei8399,00.html ) on top of it ... ( yeah , that 's another brazilian idiom ), 
  yes , but i meant for instance finland vs czech republic . 
  the first have more hours of sun , but they 're too concentrated in the summer . . so you actually need to sleep through many of those hours . 
  while in czechia you can enjoy them all . 
  but would n't italian media normally self-censor itself in such cases ? 
  the only problem is that those hours are too concentrated on the summer ... :p, 
  i really think it 's generational and younger generations smoke it less . 
  it was insanely popular in the 60 's and 70 's when soldiers brought it from africa but has been decreasing ever since ... after stop being criminalized it lost its allure ... 
  not illegal , not fun anymore . 
  welcome bros ,
