i love it that they have the same doubt about their own name as everyone else . 
  why are they called belorussians ? 
  lol, 
  welcome to leave - a lonely man walks through the cold snow . 
  welcome to stay - a man embraced by an euphoric and happy crowd waving blue and yellow flags . 
  got it , uk ? 
  surprising that france seems to be - among the big countries - the one to best distribute its wealth . 
  after all it 's definitely not the least centralized , paris is much more central to france than berlin to germany , rome to italy or madrid to spain . 
  edit : although one has to say that spain has only 2 different levels on the map , while france has 3 , the green is a bit misleading . . but still , compared to italy , germany or the uk , it 's the most balanced one . 
  not so apolitical as it normally would be , clear remarks to the refugee crisis and brexit . 
  southern countries ca n't just live on a seasonal sector . . they need real industry . 
  anyway i think the worst of that adjustment already was done , most relocations from south to east were done years ago . 
  in fact recently there have been some from asia back to ( south ) europe ... 
   during that time we reached portugal and greece `` poverty '' level and your entry also helped to halt any major progress on that area in the south . 
  southern countries were definitely not prepared for such a massive entry of better located ( closer to the center ) , cheaper and more qualified member states . 
  southern industry has been suffering ever since . 
  not trusting the democratic state ( run by the ones elected for the job ) and trusting more a foreign company that does n't even pay taxes in the country is the clever approach i guess . . 
  [ try somalia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ul-efi1xys ) . 
  btw portugal was in the 1st ww , we just missed the 2nd . 
  i guess for australia they ask why do n't you annex new zealand . . 
  the op exaggerated to a degree that can be called dishonest . 
  the protests in portugal were nothing special compared to similar protests across europe . 
  portugal is a very safe country , taking a cab or a even a pirate taxi like uber is not a risky affair . 
  and if you have a problem there 's police there to assist you . 
  this is a scaremongering post with no real informative value . 
  how are people suffering ? 
  there are plenty of transport possibilities . 
  uber is simply a pirate company , it 's cheaper , but it 's still a pirate company . 
  why should you want to promote pirate economy ? 
  they can follow the rules like others do ... consumers are unprotected with uber , cheaper is not necessarily better . 
  all the best to estonia !, 
  in portugal though it 's still portuguese law that applies , and that means uber is operating ilegally - it 's a choice , they could work legally , taxis have no monopoly of transport , that 's a myth . 
  it 's incredibly easy to start a transport company in portugal . 
  most of these companies were created for uber , most drivers have zero extra training . 
  the only difference to the us is that uber needs a local company to hire the drivers ... but they are mostly unemployed people or people with lots of free time to do this side job . 
  no special training whatsoever , they just have a driving license . 
  change the law first then , operate later . 
  it 's a basic thing of a law-based society , that the law is respected . 
  as simple as that . 
  the law is bad ? 
  fight for change . 
  vat is paid by consumers . 
  companies simply charge the vat and pass it to the state , they do n't put a cent of their own on the vat amount . 
  once again , vat is exclusively paid by the final consumer , every time . 
  there are different ways of hiring a car and a driver , hotels often have services like those , which are legal alternatives to taxis . 
  nothing impedes uber of operating legally , it 's their choice not to . 
  consumers pay vat , not companies . 
  jeez . 
  but that 's all they do , they offer an to-pay platform . 
  i do n't know the details of their insurance policy to be honest . 
  but i know that [ they 're already in the netherlands ] ( https://www.blablacar.nl/ ) . 
  i do n't want consumers to `` adhere to an out of date business model '' , i want the new business model to adhere to the law . 
  it 's doable , it 's less profitable , but totally doable . 
  but that 's pretty naive , claiming that a company pays vat . 
  that 's the all essence of that tax , consumers pay it . 
   there is at least some some sort of additional livery service being offered . 
  and i hope they 're adequately taxed for that . 
  but it is a ride sharing platform and people are aware of that . 
  you ca n't order a blablacar , you can search and hope that someone else is also going where you 're going and when you 're going . 
  metro wo n't take you 63km away from the airport . 
  you should try a train or blablacar.com, 
  of course not . 
  blablacar is truly what uber claims to be , a platform that joins drivers and passengers that share a ride and the expenses related , no profit involved - only for the platform itself . 
   so uber pays vat in portugal which is 23 % , ahahaha consumers pay vat !, 
  seriously , go read a book on taxation first . 
   luxemburg has so many mailbox companies for a reason . 
  that 's more and more a thing from the past . 
  but , fair enough , that 's partially true . 
  and there are many companies that do that . 
  that does n't excuse them though . 
  it 's just one more thing to add to the list of unfair competition with taxi drivers . 
  yes [ it does ] ( http://taxidigital.pt/ ) , 
   technologies advance and people are dictating what their preference is !, 
  that 's worth for uber as for crack . 
  uber wants to play in the transport business ? 
  very well . 
  obey the law , it 's that simple . 
  i have zero problem with innovation . 
  i 'm a huge fan of blablacar.com for instance . 
  i just have a problem with companies that do not obey the law . 
   so they are not breaking any laws , correct ? 
  they break many laws indeed . 
  taxe wise what they might be legal , even if ethically questionable and definitely unfair competition against the taxi drivers that have no choice but to pay their taxes in the country they operate . 
   that 's not true that they do n't pay taxes . 
  they do not pay taxes in portugal , that 's what i said . 
  their portuguese profits are lowly taxed in the netherlands . 
  not to use it at the airport . . 
  anyway this is just more publicity to the company . . 
  i go to porto every month and use taxis every month . 
  again , no issues there . 
  that taxi drivers are mad with a company that ilegally operates in their market , for which they pay a huge license , it 's only understandable . 
  you would be too . 
  they do n't even pay their taxes in the countries where they operate . 
  it 's a pirate company . 
  i did not start a post advertising a company , contrary to the op here . 
   they like to rob people blind and are very rude you wrote that . 
  you deserve the `` employee of the month '' award by uber . 
  only that they do n't have employees , right ? 
  you feel like you 're an independent worker . . 
   they like to rob people blind and are very rude ( there are some exceptions of course , but the majority is like this ) that 's complete nonsense .
