  local health centers in portugal are a remarkable institution . 
  that 's definitely cooler from an eu perspective , making the laws that uk must enforce without uk 's say on them . . but would n't that be a worst disrespect of the referendum result than simply not leaving ? 
  but is n't that a complete corruption of the idea of the referendum ? 
  keep on applying laws cooked in brussels , now having no say on them , joining schengen and still pay the member 's fee to brussels ... this makes no sense whatsoever . 
   1650s , earlier chaa ( 1590s , from portuguese cha ) , from malay teh and directly from chinese ( amoy dialect ) t ` e , in mandarin ch ` a. 
  first known in paris 1635 , the practice of drinking tea was first introduced to england 1644 . 
   the distribution of the different forms of the word reflects the spread of use of the beverage . 
  the modern english form , along with french th\u00e9 , spanish te , german tee , etc. , derive via dutch thee from the amoy form , reflecting the role of the dutch as the chief importers of the leaves ( through the dutch east india company , from 1610 ) . 
  the portuguese word ( attested from 1550s ) came via macao ; and russian chai , persian cha , greek tsai , arabic shay , and turkish \u00e7ay all came overland from the mandarin form . 
  source : dictionary.com, 
  in this case the timing was terrible , right during the critical stage of the euro cup ... normally it gets more coverage i think . 
  hehehe portugal ahead of france , again :p, 
  farage is like a broken clock , twice a day it gives the right time . 
  but that 's just that , a broken clock . 
  portugal was elected the team playing `` the nicest football '' in past cups . 
  did n't bring us any cup though . 
  as cups are won according to points and victories collected , those are the rules of the game , so if you 're in the final , it 's because you got the necessary points and victories , the ones that did n't , did n't . 
  it 's actually rather simple . 
  have you not heard about the referendum result ? 
  only that it only managed to move a few hundreds so far , at great financial cost and with many cases of immigrants going back/forward to the rich countries they intended to go anyway . 
  when you look to the numbers it 's impossible not to laugh , it 's a total joke this system . 
  but surely already cost quite some millions ... ps : i 'm not against the idea of giving refuge to refugees , just against the idea of imposing refuge and/or refugees , it does n't work like that . 
  no refugees want to go to hungary , hungary does n't want refugees , why is the eu supposed to oblige both parts to accept each other ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  the portuguese government is constantly saying it 's willing to receive refugees . 
  whenever a refugee is allocated to portugal they tend to disappear before they even get on the plane to portugal . 
  in the rare event they do come to portugal often they end up disappearing as well ( [ a family of 6 with housing provided and so on just left for norway on their own ] ( http://www.tsf.pt/sociedade/interior/sirios-abandonam-mangualde-5237721.html ) ) ... after all the borders are open , that 's the all concept of schengen , free movement . 
  winning the euro would probably raise that to 50 % , am i right ? 
  they are also not all in europe , there are many in brazil , canada , usa , south africa , angola and so on . 
  a big part of the articles [ are now available in english on their website ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/brexit-triggers-eu-power-struggle-between-merkel-and-juncker-a-1100852.html ) . 
  i 'm an optimist , the fact that during the last european elections candidates were presented to the race was a big step , it 's important to keep that procedure . 
  i 'm sure next time everyone will pay more attention about it . 
  the big problem of the eu is the lack of a common forum of discussion , but things like / r/europe do that little by little ... there are already many pan-european media , they just need to become more popular and used . . 
  you ca n't blame germany for southern politicians incompetence . 
  i 'm totally in favor of more union and lobbying from southern countries . 
  nothing impedes that from happening though . . 
  that 's exactly the same case with most national governments , no candidate for pm on the ballot . 
  david cameron was only on the ballot of his circumscription for example , but was implied that he would become the pm if tories got the majority . 
  british press hates him , remember the campaign cameron made against him becoming president of the commission despite the fact he had just wan the elections and presented as the candidate of the epp ? 
  he was told by uk political leaders to intervene as little as possible as that would be counterproductive . 
  in his defense also the fact that the epp got no votes from the uk ... 
  he 's the first commissioner with electoral legitimacy , and he 's been trying really hard to transform that legitimacy into real power . . not easy as the council always try to push him down . 
  a replacement would assure another yes-man like barroso . 
  nothing good will come from that . 
  note : i did n't vote for him btw , not my political side , but i really hope his mandate is respected . 
  only chance to assure that the next one will also be voted by the people and that the procedure becomes established . 
  this is very bad since juncker [ has privileged contacts with leaders from other planets ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/juncker/comments/4qxlzo/juncker_warning_us_about_aliens_in_french/?st=iq6i8mbz&amp;sh=e20ba417 ) . 
  migration is not a new phenomena in portugal , it has been going on a huge scale since at least the 19th century . 
  first to brazil , us , africa , and later since the 60 's to france , uk , switzerland etc. . 
  i 'm not sure how to read this map , some data looks awkward . 
  but the total number of people with portuguese nationality living outside portugal is surely above 2,3 million , france and uk alone gather almost that number of portuguese residents . 
  and the ones entitled to portuguese nationality are even much more . 
  ps : but if it only counts the ones actually born in portugal then maybe 2,3 million is realistic . 
  migration to europe from portugal is not a new phenomena , it has been going on since the 60 's , only very briefly in the end of 90 's it was reversed , with a short positive migration ratio with europe thanks to an influx of ukrainians , moldovans and romanians . 
  but that was short and long gone , the last 5 years have been on super high levels . 
  my guess is that this number is actually underestimated , it 's probably data from the portuguese consulates , but many people do n't bother to register during their first years of migration . . speak for myself :p also worth noticing that in the meanwhile there are many 2nd , 3rd and even 4th generation portuguese migrants with portuguese passports that count for these statistics although probably should n't as often they also have the nationality of their country of residence and birth . 
  those are the ones in europe , not included all the ones in brazil , usa , venezuela , south africa etc. . 
  what are the demands ? 
  being young and pretty ? 
  as far as i remember german citizenship is a tricky one to get and it even implies loosing your original citizenship if you 're not european . . and suddenly could a gift for nothing ? 
  it 's similar to the word in other languages . . it 's just that in english it got a certain sense . 
  but in esperanto is not an issue . 
  is less neutral than esperanto and does n't have one tenth of the `` infrastructure '' esperanto has . 
  once again , spreading the learning and usage of esperanto would be very easy , could be done immediately , mostly due to its super enthusiast community . 
  none of the others ever came close . 
  which also might say something about their actually ability to be used and enjoyed by people . 
  update : the context is that he complains the justice in the island is `` fundamentalist '' due to the fact that he was recently sentenced for defamation . 
  the big practical advantage of esperanto is that there is already an `` infrastructure '' , speakers and even some own culture about it . 
  so it would n't be starting from scratch , you can even learn it on duolingo . 
  creating one from scratch would delay the project for decades . . by then the mood to get an artificial neutral language could have died already . 
  and in any case , esperanto is already easier and more regular than any `` natural language '' in europe , so better than any other actual possibility . 
  esperanto makes it easier to learn a third language , quite a few studies show that . 
  that 's due to its regularity and clarity of grammar . 
  being trilingual is nothing special , english would n't lose importance , it 's not about that , it 's about having an easy language to learn and communicate across europe that anyone can feel as much as theirs as anyone else . 
  that 's not the case with english , except for people who actually move to an english speaking country and live there for years ( and even so ! ), 
  there 's always a huge difference between native speakers and non-native speakers ... 
  i 'm not pissed , nor i dislike english . 
  but i always saw the lack of a common and neutral language the biggest fragility of the european project ( a big part of the brexiteers promises were all around going back to the anglosphere ... ) . 
  esperanto could solve that . 
  i would be willing to learn it if the eu decided to promote it . 
  britain is committing a slow suicide and europe is too busy trying to decide on how to share the inheritance that does n't even bother to try to stop the suicide in the first place ... 
  i was talking about the president , that says that want to stay but make a referendum about it . 
  just like david cameron . 
  if you want it , then you promote it . 
  if he would back staying why on earth should he promote a referendum about it ? 
  due to all the great results/consequences of the british referendum ? 
  stop promoting referendums on things you do n't want . 
  referendums are not supposed to be used for political bluffs . 
  brexit and the greek referendum show that unsustainable political bluffs can cost dearly to the countries involved . 
   not only do 90 percent of the dutch speak english , many speak it better than the english themselves . 
  they used this [ eu report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf ) , but that % is self reported , so 90 % of dutch say they 're perfectly fluent . 
  unfortunately the real % is probably more like 50 % fluent and 30 % survival english . 
  on the same report 71 % of dutch people claimed to be fluent in german , that seems to me even more off charts . 
  but i like to see that dutch people seem confident about their language skills . 
  very unlikely that lisbon would attract much london banks , much better to focus on start-ups and tech companies . 
  anyway if madrid does get a significant chunk of the bankers crowd portugal will benefit . . as lisbon , algarve or douro weekends will become a thing among them . 
  i would like to provide a context , but the newspaper offers none . 
  the guy himself probably has no clue himself on why he did it ... 
  you might [ remember this guy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/48rnj5/meanwhile_in_madeiras_portugal_regional_parliament/?st=iq3m5l9c&amp;sh=c4f5e7e2 ) from his walk in parliament just wearing underwear ... 
  this has been a very healthy situation for portugal 's political scene .
