  you sound a lot like nigel farage . 
  you could have said just that without using hiv as an argument . . how do hiv rates in portugal relate to that ? 
  let 's wait for brexit ( if eventually it does happen ) and see the result . 
  if the netherlands would leave the eu unilaterally everything around would be blocked for trade or have new huge limitations . 
  there are no irreplaceable ports . 
  no country in the eu is more needed than what it needs eu , not even germany . 
  of course if the all thing collapses it 's a different story , but netherlands alone outside the eu would be doomed and in urgent need of a new economic model . 
  hiv rates in portugal are on stable levels for decades ( due to treatments that keep infected people alive ) , and the levels were high decades ago in big part due to big influxes of western african migrants . 
  that said , if you want to criticize someone for insulting a country you should keep the level up , not lower it . 
  it 's easy to insult all around . 
   trade will keep on going as it did . 
  between holland and the dutch antilles you mean ? 
  sounds like a spoiled sultan bored with his slaves ... 
  sounds realistic , maybe you could transform the port of rotterdam into a beach resort to rival with spain , as the port itself would n't be of much use anymore ... 
  huge mighty belgian mocking luxembourg for being small ... seriously . 
  luxembourg is also not a city-state , you 're dutch you should know that . 
  dutch tourists love northern luxembourg campsites but rarely venture in the city ... 
  cool . 
  i admit to be ignorant on the matter , the only thing i ever noticed concerning sisterhood on my town was a street with a weird german name ( the sister town ) ... and just verified that the german town has a street with a weird portuguese name . 
  thought that was as far as it went . . 
  this is the funniest one :  left alone in the vip suite as barroso met with the singaporean prime minister in another suite , i thought there was no point in writing yet another draft of the speech . 
  so i decided instead to a take a bath in barroso 's private bathroom , the only one available , to refresh after the 12-hour flight from europe . 
  there was just one problem : after i was done , the bathtub refused to drain . 
   i desperately called in hotel staff , trying to express in the strongest possible terms that the water had to leave the bathtub . 
  we failed , and barroso returned to a tub full of soapy bathwater . 
  til that those sister-cities agreements are actually worth of something for their residents . . wow . 
  ps : another particularity of the angolan soaps is that a big part of their casting is actually made of portuguese black actors , so the accent is not so coherent on the scenes ... ( although the difference of accent from luanda to lisbon is not so big it 's still noticeable ) :p edit : [ example , the mum of the scene speaks with a lisbon accent to her children that clearly have an angolan accent ] ( https://youtu.be/h-8os4iby6i?t=16m50s ) . 
   except deutschland 83 go watch it i watched that one , but it 's not really a soap though . 
  when it comes to crime series northern european tv is very very good . 
  but everyday soaps , nope . 
  there were already a few passing on portuguese tv , but they 're very unrealistic , only show the nice side of luanda elite life . . 
  there was even [ a co-production between the portuguese and angolan tvs about the lives of aviation crews between lisbon and luanda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec3ixza9-js ) . 
  but the acting and production is still very far from brazilian quality , that often can rival with the best hbo american stuff . 
  the only problem is that the soap format is too long , too many episodes . . edit : but just found out that there were already [ 2 angolan soaps nominated for the best telenovela emmy award ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_emmy_award_for_best_telenovela ) , wow . 
  this is really nothing , the guy is a total crook and he will still have full access to brussels , the reason why he was hired , to lobby in brussels , it 's indifferent if he has to remove his belt or not first . . 
  i have a croat colleague of 30 something and she 's a huge fan , she even watches them on turkish tv , although she ca n't really follow the language . . 
  do n't think so as they dub them . 
  ahahah i remember this one , seems so strange nowadays , so brutal and basic at the same time . 
  i think there were some better ones in the 90s . 
  but could only find [ this one on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uthy9bo-aqq ) that is even more brutal lol, 
  `` stop naziphobia now . 
  nazism is the ideology of peace . '', 
   i do n't know if portugal has historcal link with netherland though . 
  our main link were quite a few wars in the colonies the dutch tried to take from us , occasionally with success . . 
  i was replying to a comment with a norwegian flag . 
  i guess france could also fit the atlantic axis and iceland , oh , also not in :p the atlantic axis is missing too many potencial members . . 
  fair enough . 
  but there 're testimonies saying the train was very slow at that point . 
   as the ec said , the problem is that it would make mobile services more expensive in the poorer european countries . 
  but that will only happen if these companies activelly try to seduce foreign customers , which in itself carries lots of new costs . . 
  so i wonder if there will be so much people going for foreign contracts or this will mostly benefit people living/working between 2 countries or travelling very frequently . 
  never underestimate the power of inertia , ca n't imagine so much people saying in germany `` this is my number but you have to add the romanian international code first '' ... 
  the problem of the south axis is that these countries have probably more differences than similarities . 
  they do n't even share much land borders between them , so there 's not really much cohesion . . 
  but anyway , no impediment for a country to be a part of different subgroups . 
  i would like to see an atlantic axis as well , where pt-es-ie-no ( oh wait , you 're not in , pity ) , could also share knowledge/experiences and pressure for common issues ... 
  the train is provided with the automatic breaking system . 
  all evidences so far indicate a problem on the line itself . 
  update : [ 4 dead ] ( http://www.lavozdegalicia.es/noticia/vigo/o-porrino/2016/09/09/muertos-descarrilar-tren-porrino/00031473407126976202389.htm ) . 
  on my to go list for ages . . :p, 
  thank you for the explanation , 
  in northern portugal we have a kind of similar word , `` folerca '' . . 
  but are those caribbean islands an integral part of the netherlands ? 
  ue , schengen and all ? 
  a country could easily introduce a second official currency and keep euro as a legal currency , although not used to pay wages . 
  it 's that simple actually . 
  on the other hand in portuguese `` birra '' means a whim or tantrum ... 
  a `` polish lives matter '' would make more sense in the uk right now ... 
  that 's all we need , to transform a global crisis whose impact will affect the entire planet into a white-versus-black thing , or judging by the pictures , a white-versus-white-using-blacks-as-excuse thing . 
   being in the eu clearly has n't worked for you guys . 
  anyone with a memory of portugal pre and post-eu will disagree . 
  the euro is another matter though . . 
  considering there are several eu members which are not eurozone members , with 2 of them even with op-outs to never join ( uk and dk ) , would be absurd to imply that leaving the $ would equate to leave the eu . 
  it 's germany , so it can always get wurst . 
  that 's precisely the problem here , since the attacks any ch polemic cartoon spreads in the internet outside its context . 
  whoever read a full ch paper before does n't get offended by it . . it was always a semi-obscure paper read by a few fans that get their particular language . 
  by upset you mean when they bombed ch and later when they executed most of its staff ? 
  quite confident italians are not thaaaat upset . 
  we all hate them . 
  they 've become more common in luxembourg too , recently , at least getting more attention . 
  sometimes i wonder if all these people walking dogs through the parks are not giving a very strong contribution to that . . 
  ecological impact might be difficult to predict sometimes . 
  but also , how would you be able to eradicate them ? 
  do n't think that 's possible , same with mosquitoes . . 
  sorry about that , i should have put crimea-congo between brackets . . just thought useful to add the specific name to the title , otherwise sounds like a mysterious fever ... 
  no muslims , no terrorism , no news, 
  lol were you that poorly dressed ? 
  i 'm sure the tickets were cheaper . . 
  i 'm not sure all greens are peaches and all reds are coconuts , portuguese are not so peachy , less so than italians i 'm sure . 
  language skills , either from the expats or the nationals , must also play a big role . 
  if you speak some italian italians are easily among the most friendly people in europe , total peaches as i see it . 
  i already heard from many people who traveled there that iranians are incredibly friendly , but again be sure not to be gay :p, 
  lol that in the troika . 
  this is just promoting borders , we do n't need that ... 
  not much besides climate . 
  no strong historical ties , no linguistic , religious or cultural ties ... just that one euro cup final in 2004 i would say . 
   greece has far more in common with italy or portugal than it does with romania . 
  the map is jumbled . 
  climate yes . 
  culturally or linguistically or historical ties ?
