  that 's a choice poland already made , it 's now legally obliged to join it ... 
   most reclassifications in recent years were related to countries joining the euro area . 
  very interesting . 
  so that would be the fastest way for poland to join the group ... 
   of more than 190 countries tracked by the international monetary fund , fewer than 40 count as wealthy or advanced economies . 
  where can one find this list ? 
  i only found [ the list by gdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_imf_ranked_countries_by_gdp ) , which would make equatorial guinea an advanced economy . 
  thanks , you 're pretty too . 
  it 's not about how tall it is , it 's about what you do with it . 
  smaller towers can make wonders . 
   and not in e.g. 
  portugal . 
  what do you mean [ we do n't have the tallest building in europe ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bel%c3%a9m_tower ), 
  anything else in a bottle is not normally provided to your home also by tap . 
  that 's a huge difference . 
  wan na share dick pics ? 
  problems do occur anywhere . 
  currently there are problems in big parts of central europe due to drought . 
  problems also occur with bottled water , also anywhere . 
  silly prejudices are also a problem and they also occur anywhere ... 
   vittel is disgusting , but volvic is perfect go the full carbon waste then , go fiji water . 
  drinkable water is supposed to be tasteless . 
  everyone demands italy to save the people coming to its shores , no one is willing to take them in ... it 's a trap italy !, 
  it 's all about dicks really , is n't it ? 
   it makes them much more liable to corruption but does it really ? 
  some sociologists argue that in fact the more money you make the least obliged to follow the law you feel ... 
  in this particular case was probably not that problematic , french and english are both very common among staff . 
  notice how the maltese pm never reaches the audio-phones , italian , french and english were not an issue ... 
   any tourist from northern europe does consume bottled water in italy and in the rest of southern europe silly tourists do that , but not all . 
  if you have doubts about the quality of the water check the website of the local municipality or ask at your hotel etc. 
  problems do occur , although rarely , in any part of europe anyway . 
   something about the mouthfeel or something . 
  the power of marketing and publicity ... 
  drinkable means drinkable . 
  often tap water is purer than bottled one ... plastic storage for months it 's not the recipe for healthy . 
   try the tap water in paris . 
  i always ask for tap water in paris restaurants . 
  add some lemon , it 's fine . 
  millions are invested to assure that tap water is drinkable all over europe , it 's a waste if no one does it . 
  the waste of our era ... [ as bad and unnecessary as bottled air ] ( http://storyofstuff.org/movies/story-of-bottled-water/ ) . 
  there 's a few border villages with luxembourg that have bilingual signs , at least the name of the village in both languages ( french and luxembourgish ) . . should n't it count as well ? 
  what about dutch in dunkerque ? 
  if i was hungarian i would be triggered by this post . 
   but i doubt that will continue forever in portugal it 's going on for decades now . 
  ireland has a huge trade deficit with the uk , it 's the uk that should worry about that trade . . ireland can always buy it from somewhere else . 
  i agree that brexit is bad for both sides , but ireland is a small country , so with a few relocations it can be one of the few countries profiting from it . 
  this is really dumb . 
  ireland can easily be on the winning side of brexit , as many relocations out of london will naturally prefer dublin to anything else in the eu ... 
  me too :p, 
  mountains explain that . 
  it 's average temperature , summers in the ukraine can be very warm , i guess less so in poland , so on average poland is colder . 
   the government 's good economics numbers does n't make up for this much incompetence . 
  yes because this would have been impossible with the previous gov one year ago ... back then everything was safely stored . 
  it 's not all about distance . . e40 does n't have open borders all along . . that kills the charm, 
  what anglo-saxon economists always fail to realize , the euro is an incredible tool and example of political integration by itself . 
  just fine google more often . . 
  i 've been to poland , i have a dark skin cousin that did erasmus there as well ... racism is a real issue . 
  i thought she talked with a tsunami that failed to assure her that it would n't attack german plants ... 
  location , location , location + offer/demand ... 
  it would be more expensive in switzerland :p, 
  yeah , let 's pretend there 's no issue . 
  when racism among the police forces in poland is one of the issues in discussion ... how can they be seen as a reliable source ? 
   all we know is : they lied about attack no , we do n't know that . 
  your news is in polish , i ca n't follow it . 
  so it 's the students word against the police word ? 
  the evacuation was quite real though , was on tv and all . 
  there are racists everywhere in europe , but in poland there 's too much of this . . judging by the news . 
  this story has [ 15 witnesses ] ( http://portugalresident.com/portuguese-students-offered-protection-in-poland-after-racist-attack ) . 
   you can only be at war worth another sovereign stage you mean all those civil wars never existed ? 
  i 'm aware already , but still it will remain surprising the years gap between the netherlands and germany on this issue . 
  there 're have been many similar stories from portuguese erasmus students . . there was even one where they had to be evacuated from the home they were staying because a mob wanted to beat them , as some of them had dark skin . 
  no doubts on that , this is huge for central europe . 
  strangely enough the dutch started the domino , but took a long turn to reach germany ... 
  but that 's the only time when they do it ... :p, 
  it 's especially surprising in the german speaking europe : de-at-ch . 
  if by `` greatest historical figure '' one meant the one with the greatest historical impact ( bad or good ) , there could be valid arguments in his favor . 
  this is really tragic . 
  this park is the sanctuary of the deeply endangered [ iberian lynx ] ( http://wwf.panda.org/about_our_earth/species/profiles/mammals/iberian_lynx/ ) . 
   so you wan na offer easily accessible shuttles between africa and europe then ? 
  do they exist between the us and europe ? 
   there are 0 european deaths when going from europe to the us . 
  does someone try to swim it though ? 
  and why not ? 
  the roots of the migration crisis are in economical crisis in africa and beyond . 
  that 's the solution to sort out the migration crisis . 
  but there 's no miracle potion . 
   because two opposite groups of people exist oh , if life could be that simple ... it 's never just 2 groups , nor 2 options ... people might recognize that it 's impossible to host everyone at the same time that would like to reduce deaths to zero . 
  not sure your example is good , as swimming in the first place is not illegal and states often do incentive people to swim by providing public swimming pools and swimming lessons . 
  human trafficking and illegal migration on the other hand are indeed illegal . 
  i 'm not sure this lawsuit is the best approach . 
  but there is definitely something not working in the current system of assistance and it does inactivate the continuation of the flow without ensuring that everyone survives . 
  so although it has good humanitarian intentions most likely it has the opposite effect of leading to more deaths than there would be if there was no help in the first place . 
  that 's really not the logic of the lawsuit . 
  it 's the exact opposite , that helping this people is an incentive and facilitation of human trafficking and illegal migration ... 
  those are definitely no christian temperatures . . 
  and in portuguese ... 
  they 're not so many i think , but among other places [ idanha-a-nova ] ( https://sol.sapo.pt/artigo/32110/portugal-acolhe-jovens-japoneses-de-fukushima ) , watched once a tv report about it ... 
  such as morocco . 
  unfortunately not .
