  while english is clearly the number one foreign language learnt everywhere in europe , when it comes to the second it varies tremendously across the continent ... 
  in any case , by total of people learning them i would guess that french , german , spanish and russian are the most studied foreign languages in europe after english . 
  portuguese is the 3rd european language most spoken worldwide , but no one in europe cares :( it is only widely studied as a foreign language in countries like argentina or namibia . 
   i think i 'm going to cheer for iceland instead . 
  well me too actually , 
  the article refers a poll made in 6 countries : ** france , ireland , sweden , germany , poland and spain ** . 
  here are the poll topics in the same order shown on the article : 1 ) * % of people that think that the uk should leave the eu . 
  * 2 ) * % of people that think that the economical situation of the uk can deteriorate in case of a brexit . 
  * 3 ) * % of people that think that the uk should be entitled to negotiate oupt-outs in order to stay in the eu . 
  * 4 ) * % of people that think that the uk being in the eu is good for british ( black line ) and/or europeans ( pink line ) . 
  * 5 ) * % of people in favor of limits on social benefits for europeans living in an european country that 's not their own . 
  * 6 ) * % of people in favor of limiting freedom of residency and work for eu citizens . 
  * 7 ) * % of people in favor of a referendum on the exit from the eu of their own country . 
  so no compensation this year , right ? 
  ok , bring the tulips . 
  and the monopoly of trade with japan also . 
  we should demand a compensation for that . 
  not in tulips , please . 
  they basically stole it from us in [ a moment of weakness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc%c3%a1cer_quibir#legacy ) . . and tried the same in brazil , angola . . oh those dutch !, 
  part satyre/part reality . 
  newsflash for the brits : yes , brexit will come with lots of resentment . 
  guess what , unilateral divorces tend to get ugly , surprise !, 
  this is all such a nonsense . 
  the uk has control of its borders ( plus it 's insular ) and can , and in fact does , expel european citizens on `` social tourism '' . . what is in fact their problem anyway ? 
  no problem , problems only after brexit . 
  in case of a brexit i 'll fully support that the eu demands the uk to join schengen ( just like norway or switzerland ) before any trade agreement is settled , that will show boris what it is like not to have control of the borders . 
  that was a disaster , cavaco 's idea for our stock market to open at the same time as paris and frankfurt . 
  there 's [ this one for the all of europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fzblsdm.png ) . 
  you have / r/eurovision for this , 
  there 's [ a belgian province also called luxembourg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_ ( belgium ) ) , it 's even bigger than the duchy . 
  i 'm glad they do n't make a fuss about the name . 
  you definitely can learn how to like a language . 
  before you learn a language you ca n't recognize any accents in it for instance , but once you start to learn it you immediately get favorite accents and so on ... 
  i like it , but i always have the impression it must be incredibly tiring to speak it , with all the hard gs ... 
  i first noticed how similar they could sound to others when once i overheard 2 spaniards commenting on which language me and a friend were speaking and they came to the conclusion it had to be polish ( we were somewhere in italy ) . 
  we were truly amazed that they could not recognize the most close language to their own . 
  if you feel so strongly about stereotypes why do you even open such a post ? 
  you will just feel bad about it . 
  better go gardening than having a stomach ulcer due to reddit . 
  there are more controls , but not systematic , check everyone and 24h controls . 
  in fact that does n't happen in most of the borders shown on the map . 
  it 's checked by the airline sometimes ( in order to assure that the person matches the name on the ticket ) , but not by the border police . 
  ryanair always checks it for instance , lufthansa mostly does n't care . 
   not my opinion . 
  but it is a common saying . 
  partially could be due to portuguese women being harder to get , and also those same portuguese women use it to discredit the closest competition . . 
  it 's like the old saying , from spain nor good winds , nor good marriages . 
   not my opinion plus i have the impression that the stereotype is fading away as most romanians in portugal are not gypsies , and gypsies from other countries have also arrived in the meanwhile . . 
   in fairness , the opposite is equally true . 
  portuguese accents are very strong in spanish . 
  but at least people get they 're speaking spanish , right ? 
  most spanish people i 've met/saw that speak portuguese have to fight to make others realize that they are speaking portuguese and not spanish . 
  one example : pilar del rio , saramago 's widow and his spanish translator . 
  most portuguese assume she 's speaking spanish and she 's often subtitled on tv . . :p, 
   you 'd buy chocolates , packages of food , electronics , or like even computer games , and the labels would be gb/p/g , and you were like ` ah , it 's the version for poor countries again ' ahaha that 's true , i also noticed that on quite some occasions ( specially german stuff i think , like nivea and other cosmestics ) . 
  i still find it bizarre , as from the logistical/geographical point of view does n't make much sense . 
  stereotypes ( not my opinion ) : - spanish are too loud , spanish women are easy to hook up . 
  they all use `` tu '' ( informal treatment ) . 
  some portuguese people are convinced that speaking spanish is simply to speak much louder than normal and addressing informally people that you would normally address in the formal way . 
  - french , arrogant and racist ( you can thank the le pen clan for that fame ) . 
  at least as bad at learning foreign languages as the spanish , if not worse . 
  - italians , sexy people and language , but a bit mafiosi . 
  - romanians , gypsies with an incredible talent to learn portuguese very fast and with a perfect accent - no other southern european comes close . 
  a spanish can live in portugal for decades and you still know he/she is a spanish the moment he/she opens his/her mouth . 
  romanians learn the language with the perfect accent in a few months . 
  - greeks , no strong stereotypes here ( it 's quite far ) , although in portuguese we use `` greek '' as the incomprehensible language ( `` am i speaking greek to you ? '' ), 
  and also as synonym of being in a complicated situation : `` i saw myself greek to solve that problem '' . 
  true , the snow and the cyrillic makes you look closer to siberia than to the mediterranean ... 
  why would anyone mind being a sexy vampire ? 
  that russian think looks rather awesome , any chance of getting to netflix soon ? 
  it really does . 
  plus i like the idea of the netherlands having a border with luxembourg . 
  ( wait , is the german-speaking part in flanders or wallonie ? ), 
  edit : forget it , there would n't be a border , the german part is wallonie . . 
  i have no idea why , makes more sense that deutsch is dutchy no ? 
  old but gold , laugh every time :d, 
  many new portraits ... but actually it 's still easier to spot coins with the previous portraits for nl , be or es . 
  you 'll be lucky if you see any vatican coin , and they do issue lots of them ... 
   psoe is looking for an excuse to not talk with separatists/independentist ( esquerra , pnv , dil , ... ) because they will ask for a referendum i think that 's their excuse , right ? 
  they do not agree on a referendum . . seems legit . 
  i meant ciudadanos before , 
  in coelho 's defense one must say that [ we all have seen the former governor in his underwear as well ] ( http://6.fotos.web.sapo.io/i/n8c07b161/9783976_iwnet.jpeg ) . 
  ( but ok , not in parliament , he was changing in public for the carnival parade . ), 
  it 's hard to become a star in cristiano ronaldo 's island , you have to go the extra-mile for that ... 
   psoe = / = ps ( well and podemos-iu-comprom\u00eds-etc = / = bloco-pcp ) i see that , but in spain psoe+p odemos + iu is not enough , so ... you must deal with ciudadanos . 
  the portuguese ps is actually on the right of psoe , and the portuguese pcp is on the left of iu , and still they managed to pass a government . 
  not sure how long will last , but it 's real and has a budget . 
  the portuguese left realized that letting the right keep in government or blocking a ps government would make pointless their electoral gains . 
  with more votes come more responsibility , every country needs a government , and if you do n't have a full majority you make compromises . 
  being in a position to influence the government is a privilege that should not be wasted . 
  most voters wo n't tolerate the waste . 
  as far as i know cc did agree with psoe . 
  so it 's only podemos disagreeing here . 
  if in the end of this long discussion the result is new elections i guess the spanish electorate will conclude that at least with the `` old parties '' you can form a government . 
  not sure what 's the point of voting for a party that blocks any realistic government possibility . 
  i 'm surprised that even the portuguese left - with its decade 's old sectarian hates with each other - managed to be more pragmatical than the spanish parties . 
  would never have guessed that one year ago . 
  for sure they 're 100 % legit family relics , please do not seize them ... cause that would be totally nazi , of course . 
  zzzzzzzzz, 
   yes , both shootings were perpetrated by christians teenagers , so what ?
