  spain and france are right now very busy with their own fires , even so spain sent 2 . 
  some other countries might not be equipped due to never needing it . . some other are equipped but . . 
  i do n't know why . 
  spain is showing for years that it does work . 
  people do n't remember anymore , but gibraltar straight used to be the number 1 entry door in europe . 
  as far as i remember there was something about being a serbian cemetery and croat policemen sending them there or vice-versa . . not sure anymore . 
  they asked and got one plane , so 2 planes from russia pretty much doubles it . 
  they were , and portuguese government already said it 's disappointed with the answer but thankful to russia and morocco . 
  help was asked to spain ( 2 planes ) , to morocco ( 2 planes ) , to russia ( 2 planes ) and to the eu ( 1 plane from italy ) . 
  1 italian plane , like i said . 
  you can check here [ an european map of forests ] ( http://www.efi.int/portal/members/membership_service/benefits/forest_map_of_europe ) . 
  thank you russia !, 
  that 's double the help we got from the eu !, 
  ( spanish planes in portugal are coming under an iberian cooperation mechanism , not eu ) . 
  but even some individual sports have a limited number of participants per country . . 
  in the end for sure the eu would still be number one , but with a bit less medals . 
  we need water falling from the sky . 
  that 's the urgency . 
  if we prevent houses from burning money is not needed . 
  that 's not what he means . 
  the thing is , for instance collective sports , you get one team for country . 
  so in cases where all 3 medal winners were eu in this table that means 3 medals for eu , but if the eu was a country only one team could be sent . 
  it takes one hour longer to fly from italy . 
  a fire is not a `` one minute '' event . 
  they 're already burning for days . 
  if you zoom in many of those fires you do n't see much smoke . 
  i think each red dot is a fire but dimensions can vary tremendously . 
  those are problems , but it 's not as easy as that . 
  madeira had extreme weather conditions for instance , breaking all temperature records and dry hot strong winds . 
  with this conditions fires will inevitably become a huge problem . 
  then why the hell are you surprised with italy sending a plane to portugal ? 
  misleading . 
  one plane is nothing . 
  bull * . 
  local government in madeira refused help at first , but the national government activated help requests immediately , even to russia . 
   italy is a bit surprising . 
  i find it more surprising that portugal is [ protecting your air space right now ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_air_policing ) . 
  portugal has some agreements with chile , due to the same reasons , but it 's more about training than actual firefighting . 
  spain help comes via an iberian cooperation mechanism . 
  via the eu mechanism there 's only 1 italian plane , that 's it , end of story . 
   ` just because they 're european ' . 
  fires also affect the rest of the world , more pollution and less oxygen production . 
  it 's not only a national or even european issue here . 
  distance is not really an issue here , the urgency is air help . 
  planes with water . 
  so from sweden would only take a couple of hours longer . 
  iberian cooperation is already very good on this matter , portuguese and spanish firefighters frequently cross the border . 
  the [ portuguese minister is not shy when saying she expected more help from the eu ] ( http://www.dn.pt/sociedade/interior/ministra-esperava-maior-solidariedade-de-parceiros-europeus-5333748.html ) , she also thanks spain ( spain 's help comes via an iberian cooperation agreement , not eu ) and morocco ( only a phone call was needed to get 2 planes from them ) for their help and says she 's hoping on russian help , with whom portugal also has an agreement . 
  via the eu mechanism only an italian plane is coming . 
  or north and south italy . 
  london and northern england etc etc. . it 's not economics , it 's politics :p, 
  ok fair enough , still it has a diverse economy , it 's not the island with just tourism that sounds on this editorialized title . 
  wait , my confusion - i heard `` austrian family '' on tv and assumed it was that one . 
  what burnt down was [ this garden and house ] ( http://madeira-orchid.eu/foundation/ ) that did belong to an austrian family , but not that one . 
  apparently at least one building connected to him burnt down , not sure if his remains were there or not . 
  ps : his remains are safe and sound in a church . 
  a house where he lived burnt down . 
  madeira is no more `` tourism-dependent '' than most of portugal , and tourism will go on after this , the island is not destroyed . 
  among other things very humid winter and spring , that pushes for big increase in bushes , and than a crazy hot summer breaking many temperature records . 
  the fire wo n't last for weeks , hopefully not even for too many days . 
  and the island is big , unfortunately things will look a bit burnt around funchal for a while , but compared to the canary it is a very humid island , should be quite green again in a few months . 
  the urban damages are not totally known , but they were mostly older/abandoned houses and buildings in the outskirts . 
  plus the weather there is still wonderful in the late autumn , so it 's a good time to check for flights at that time or for the famous new year 's celebrations . 
  gdp/per capita is above national average . 
  but inequality is also higher . 
  there 's also the issue that more than 5000 firefighters migrated during the last few years ... 
  special live report from [ the regional rtp channel ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/play/direto/rtpmadeira ) . 
  madeira broke all records of temperature during the last couple of days , with 32\u00bac minimum temperature in funchal on monday . 
  tragic ongoing situation in madeira , the fires that were surrounding the capital of the island , funchal , are now hitting the city . 
  several buildings are burning , including in the historical center . 
  very strong and dry hot winds are making the situation extremely hard to control . 
  gas explosions are heard through the city . 
  a few hotels , a shopping mall , a hospital , schools and several houses have been evacuated . 
  many reports of people running through the city with bags and pets and caos in traffic due to road closures all around the city . 
  ** morning update ** : the portuguese media reports 3 confirmed deaths during the night , elderly people whose houses burnt down and 1 disappeared person . 
  1000 people slept away from their homes and 327 needed medical assistance . 
  several buildings burnt including the [ choupana hills hotel ] ( http://www.choupanahills.pt/choupanahillshtml ) - [ images of the destruction ] ( http://www.dn.pt/sociedade/interior/hotel-de-luxo-completamente-destruido-pelas-chamas-5331251.html ) . 
  situation seems to be improving though , and help from continental portugal and the azores is now arriving . 
  but the political debate is heating up as the regional government rejected these offers of help yesterday saying the situation was under control , clearly it was not . 
  [ bbc report on the issue ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37030217 ) . 
  another issue is the huge migration of firefighters during the last crisis years . . [ more than 5000 portuguese firefighters migrated elsewhere ] ( http://www.noticiasmagazine.pt/2016/fugir-do-inferno/ ) . 
  lol he lives in spain for years now , that should work much better than 2 lessons a week for 3 years in highschool :p but anyway , he 's madeiran , that plays a role . 
   there are some minor differences in grammar and regional words as far as my german knowledge goes the differences between different varieties of german are far bigger than the famous difference between pt-br and pt-pt ... 
  that 's a way to see it . . but despite my french not taking me so far it gave me `` survival french '' which you ca n't reach without studying it a bit . 
  while with spanish that 's already part of your knowledge . . 
  if anything they should use the american flag , as the spanish variety taught on duolingo is pretty much the panamerican hybrid being formed in the usa . 
  [ even different century ( 1889 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_brazil ) , the current portuguese flag is from the republican revolution of 1910 , and the african flags are from the 1970 's ... 
  in both those cases the difference in number of speakers between the 2 countries is not comparable to pt ( 10 million ) - br ( 200 million ) . 
  brazil is by very far the biggest portuguese speaking country . 
  while congo is not even completely francophone , once you leave the capital . 
  and mexico while being the biggest spanish speaking country is one of many , so its weight on the total spanish community is really not comparable to the one of brazil . . only people with silly inferiority complexes take it badly that that 's the used flag . 
  to me makes perfect sense , specially because on duolingo they do use the brazilian variety as the course standard . 
   few companies do trade with south america . 
  that 's really not true , there 's lot of business between portugal and other spanish speaking countries besides spain . 
  but portu\u00f1ol works . 
  the main reason french is still so popular it 's because there are many french teachers , and you ca n't convert them into spanish or german teachers over night . . 
  spanish is incredibly easy for a native portuguese speaker . 
  it was introduced in schools some years ago , as an option , but i 'm actually against that simply because it 's too easy compared with the other options : french and german . 
  i did 3 years of french in school and that did n't take me far with french , but i 'm sure that studying a more different latin language gave me enough tools to learn spanish easily later on . . you can literally learn it by starting to read complex texts in spanish . 
  so to me it 's a waste to teach it to kids in school , that anyway just pick it for its easiness . . which is not the best criteria .
