  you do n't know that . 
  they are undocumented people that france determined to come from mali . 
  mali refused them on the basis of the lack of documents . 
  that 's the story . 
  you said they were not malian , and you do n't know that . 
  i trust much more the bureaucrats in france that did deal with the people in question than i trust your prejudiced guess . 
  accessing one 's nationality is not that difficult when you have translators that can distinguish dialects from specific regions . 
  by taking a stronger stance against migrants that destroy their documents and against their own countries when they refuse to take them back , you can create examples and end the practice . 
  right now , because no one seems to care , it 's the smartest move , to arrive in europe and burn your passport . 
  eventually another way would be the australian way , probably in the near future when populism really starts winning elections in europe and panic takes over the establishment . 
  then europe will bribe/threat some country , possibly tunisia , in order to become host of an ofshore processing center of refugees/migrants . 
  that alone will discourage future migrants , like it happened in australia . 
  it 's a nasty policy , rather cruel , but , it 's still far enough from nazism and murder , and let 's face it , it really works . 
  the boats pretty much stopped . 
  how do you know that ? 
  mali just refused them because they had no documents . 
  mali did n't access their nationality . 
  you ca n't know that , for sure france did investigations before sending them there . 
  mali is not on the other side of the world , is actually quite close to europe . 
  and i never suggested that , but europe ca n't be stuck with undocumented people with no legitimate right for asylum when europe has means to determine their nationality through other means - people talk and have dialects that are closely connected to specific geographic locations . 
  if burning your documents it 's all you need for you to be granted right to stay in europe for ever than we really need a fortress . 
  how did i lie ? 
  i just find this particular issue irrelevant , it 's an article in a british newspaper about a crook hiding in the ecuatorian embassy . . is this relevant , how ? 
  i did n't even read the interview or the said article , i do not care . 
  edit : i 'm just get fed up of seeing this bunch of crooks ( assange , snowden , greenwald ) being constantly quoted on this sub as reliable sources : they are not . 
   force us to scrutinize his claims more closely , not disregard them entirely . 
  it 's an article on a british newspaper , i do n't find this particular subject so relevant . 
  it 's not like british press is normally so accurate and unbiased . . 
  europe really needs to get tougher on this issue . 
  the terrorist of berlin was not taken back by tunisia because his passport had expired ? 
  it 's absurd , unacceptable . 
  i wonder if any european would be refused entry in europe for that reason . 
  europe has to take a much stronger stance against countries that refuse to take back their citizens . 
  that said , this particular case is a bit fishier as the guys had no documents . 
  but i trust the french authorities did sufficient quests to determine their nationality and therefor seems reasonable to demand mali to take them back . 
  our migration laws are good as they are , but if we keep on not applying them , populists promising zero migration and 100 % expulsions will come to power . 
  it 's on the best interest of rightful refugees that these processes are done correctly and as fast as possible . 
  europe has the power to demand these countries to accept their citizens back , it 's time to exercise that power . 
  i 've no idea , never heard of . 
  this matter alone is unimportant , a translation being considered biased . . pff . 
  apart from this , greenwald is effectively a crook who deserves no credibility . 
  he 's a fakenews agent . 
  part of the mob that gave us trump for 2017 . 
  edit : the downvoters are clearly overrating the influence of the guardian in the world affairs . 
  only if . . at least there would be no brexit . 
  this issue is interpretive and the guardian already rephrased their article . 
  but fuck reality , conspiracy theorists can see a world in any given nonsense . 
  greenwald is a crook , he deserves zero credibility . 
  not really , no . 
  most likely it was random criminality . 
  [ commemorative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2_euro_commemorative_coins#2017_coinage ) , although the tone of the news sounds otherwise ... 
  many people do n't see that well , and could in fact confuse both due to sight problems . 
  but apart from that i 'm sure i 'm not the only one doing my usual shopping in a distracted/fast pace . 
  when i go to the supermarket after work all i think is being as fast as possible to get home quick . 
  several times i bought wrong stuff , the only case that did piss me off was a non-alcoholic beer package , pff . 
  that 's another issue , if it 's ethical to give meaty names to meatless products . 
  or milky names to vegetarian drinks . . 
  i 'm unsure about it , even though i do drink soy milk and eat vegetarian meaty stuff some times . 
  but i was commenting on the possible confusion issue , which i think it 's real , but more easily solved by supermarkets separating the products in different sections . 
  you see a familiar logo and you put it in your cart . 
  true that in this case is the brand logo , and not a meat reference , that makes it confusing . 
  but if you 're doing a quick shopping after work you 're probably not in the mood to be so attentive to every buying you do , especially when you just grab a familiar logo in a familiar package . 
   are germans collectively buying vegetarian meat can in fact be misleading if they 're not in a separate section of the supermarket . 
  most shoppers do n't read all the small print/logos . 
  for instance [ this ] ( http://www.wiwo.de/images/currywurst-im-veggie-style/13070182/4-format2114.jpg ) is very similar to the [ original meat version ] ( http://www.meica.de/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/meica-curryking-currywurst-l-og.png ) . 
  do n't underestimate the power of clich\u00e9s and stereotypes . 
  many people believe this , with positive and negative consequences for germany . 
  on the positive side they easily sell products more expensively than they should be , due to the german brand . 
  on the negative side many germans are so convinced this is true that they cope very poorly with change and foreign criticism , believing that what they 're doing must be more efficient anyway . 
  in reality it 's an extremely bureaucratic country , full of never ending road works and delayed trains . 
  any other european country would just be too embarrassed by this , so it would n't be possible such a failure . 
  only germany , with it 's strong brand of `` german efficiency '' , can cope with such a disaster . 
  is it really more expensive ? 
  that 's not what i understood , a dutch friend had a baby recently and i was surprised they did a passport for the baby just to go on holidays in austria , and they said it was the same price as an id , so they went for the passport instead . 
  i remember a poll that showed czech republic as the least religious country in europe . 
  in portugal most people ( 87 % ) will say they 're catholic but only 13 % of the population claims to attend regularly to religious services ( of any religion ) . 
  ok , my source is a dutch friend that says they 're not mandatory , like in most countries that issue id cards and they are as expensive as passports . 
  so , according to him , people just make a passport as that allows you to travel far and avoid the id card . 
  some countries do n't issue them even . 
  id cards are not so common in the netherlands and cost as much as a normal passport . 
  anyway i used the word `` passport '' in its wider sense of identification document . 
  but according to the article she did get a letter saying precisely that she should leave . 
  so anyone applying for a permanent residency permit in the uk must give away their passport for 6 months !? 
  considering that you need you passport just for crossing the channel , as the uk it 's not schengen , this is rather harsh . 
  you want permanent residency ? 
  you must stay permanently then . 
  he might feel disheartened with the drama of the new berlin airport construction . . there goes your german efficiency myth down the drain . . 
  i 've lived in germany before and i still live close by enough to know that the myth is mostly a myth and germany can be spectacularly inefficient and bureaucratic . 
  partially due to the strong belief in the myth , `` whatever we 'll do , it will be more efficient anyway 'cause we 're german '' . 
   they will build that factory to get a foothold in germany i mean , there 's this eu thing called common market that makes it totally doable to have a factory in one country even if your main market is another country . 
  tesla is an american brand , and putting a factory in germany wo n't change that . 
  germany certainly has some advantage points , but also comes with some disadvantages : higher costs for land and labor , lower solar energy potential , shortage on skilled labor - german industry has been complaining about that for years . . once again , their pick in the us was nevada , not detroit . 
  portugal is safe all around , go off the beaten track without fear  if you compare it to italy it 's pretty much under-touristed everywhere ... 
  lol it 's true , brexit it 's a boy . . even in portuguese , but in my head it makes more sense in the feminine in both languages , it 's a sortie/sa \u00edda after all :p, 
  i think lonelyplanet had us for 2016 , they 're a bit ahead . . 
  no , i 'm an exiled southerner in northern lands , but i come from northern portugal . . so just made a word game with north and south . . all options were taken , in the end that was the confusing result :p, 
  would n't it be wiser to wait for the actual brexit to confirm itself ? 
  if it never happens will be weird to have a `` rue de la brexit '' address ... 
  their american factory is in nevada btw . 
  there are still many options away from the touristic hotspots . . pretty much all interior , most north ( except douro valley and porto ) , most azorean islands ... and every corner has its charm .
