  brutal would be to see the austrian flag representing german . 
  if you count only native speakers spanish would actually come 1st :p, 
  no problem at all with that , it 's by far the country with most speakers ( of portuguese ) and it 's actually the oldest flag among all portuguese speaking countries . 
  brazilian constitution :  art . 
  plus brazil alone would n't be enough for 3rd position , angola and mozambique contribute more each than portugal , only the 4th country from the bunch . 
  i was just smilingly pointing out the brevenge feeling implicit on the first comment ... 
  anyway do n't care much about the flag issue , i 'm used to see my language represented by the brazilian flag and i 'm totally ok with that . 
  their flag is even older than ours :p, 
  that 's luxembourgish or maltese , so you can gossip about those immediately next to you . 
  or was i doing it again ? 
  from this map nobody would guess which one is the 3rd european language most spoken in the world ... :p, 
  most useful language , is not specified if it 's for vacations , career , love , talking to neighbors etc. . 
  irony lost in translation, 
  apart from all others indicating just 2 , france was entitled to indicate 3 foreign languages . 
  they really must love to learn foreign languages . 
  and in any case both are outside the eu ? 
  lol, 
  the situation is also very bad right now around funchal , in madeira island , [ several houses burnt down , a bus , hospital evacuated ] ( http://www.jn.pt/local/noticias/funchal/funchal/interior/fogo-incontrolavel-consumiu-varias-casas-e-um-autocarro-no-funchal-5329342.html ) ... :(, 
  there are tons of medals in judo . 
  agreed , food distribution is something we take too often for granted , but it 's a highly complex and essential issue . 
  if you want to have a ethnic shop you apply for that license and do n't advertise yourself as a real supermarket , people have expectations about french supermarkets , and those include pork and wine . 
  brexit will be a good opportunity to really see if the uk was a net contributor or not . 
  those maths are very difficult to estimate , but with a real exit it becomes simpler and clearer . 
  best way to protect nature is to stay away from it , sad but true . 
  what a shitty idea . . to burn toilet paper in the woods during ( southern ) summer ... 
  some british politicians believed that the referendum could make their case stronger in brussels ( boris johnson for instance ) , a bit like tsipras in 2015 . 
  reality is the referendum put the uk in an incredibly fragile position , with no negotiation power and this was purely self-inflicted . 
  before the referendum the uk was constantly using the `` we might leave '' threat , implicitly or explicitly . 
  but now the threat became real , and therefore does n't scare anyone , it 's just reality ... leave means leave . 
  true , but russia is inhabited all the way till the border with north korea and disputed islands with japan . 
  it 's huge . 
  vladivostok is bigger than a few eu capital cities ... 
  on the other hand the fear narrative opens up many job opportunities , as security staff , to unemployed youth from problematic areas ... 
  you 're the one that skipped the article , that mentions precisely why a bus of people dressed like schmucks is an interesting robbery target . 
  the article mentions that the bus was targeted because chinese tourists are known for buying these kind of expensive stuff and carry lots of money . 
  i just confirmed that idea , you can see these buses of chinese tourists . . 
  most tourist buses do n't have so much interesting stuff to steal . . that 's it . 
  at versailles they closed a few entrances due to terrorism but did n't update the signs in the area ... ended up walking a few kms for nothing :p, 
  it is a kind of a hippy festival ... 
  so now when someone wants to protest against the eu there 's no need [ for pathetic attempts at burning the european flag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxkv07ghkiw ) , one just needs to wave the union jack . 
  it 's funny , a bit like guy fawkes ( a catholic extremist terrorist ) mask transformed into an anarchist symbol . 
  [ for french speakers ] ( http://www.sudinfo.be/1637000/article/2016-08-03/portugal-plusieurs-milliers-de-spectateurs-d-un-festival-evacues-apres-un-incend ) . 
   i thought that members had to be at least in the european continent ... 
  in case of morocco they 're clearly not on the european continent . 
  but there are many grey areas on what 's europe and what 's not , after all europe is mostly a political notion , geographically you have the continent of euroasia ... and the eu already has funny borders and locations well outside europe ... like that border with brazil , 
  even in paris you can find alternatives , the route of the chinese buses is known and clearly delimited . 
  but there are lv shops offering the exclusivity feel in paris as well ... 
  this is [ the website of the festival ] ( http://www.andancas.net/2016/en/n/0/ ) , poor guys . 
  exactly that !, 
  i know , but still it 's a bizarre scene . . 
  this news reminded me of this bizarre scene you can see in paris . 
  a louis vuitton shop in some mall ( lafayette maybe ? 
  ) , where every single client and staff member is asian . 
  that 's not the bizarre part , the bizarre part is that you 're going to do some very expensive buying , thousands for a bag , you would expect a highly exclusive shopping experience . 
  but no , here it is a long long queue of asian customers dressed as if they 're going to mcdonalds , waiting patiently for their turn with one of the assistants in this long bar ( could also be a mcdonalds ) , to quickly do your buying ( like in a mcdonalds ) . 
  so bizarre ... 
  me too . 
  they 're already pegged to the euro and all . 
  romania is tiny compared to russia . 
  almost any country is . 
  it 's closer , same time zone and all . 
  i would n't say utopic , but at best would take quite some decades . . and even then , there would still be the size issue . 
  the area is bigger than the all current eu ( including uk and adding norway , switzerland and even candidate countries ) ... and the population is + / - de+fr , the 2 main current powers . . 
  norway is more popular as a potential member than many current members i 'm afraid . 
  it 's very likely at the top3 in popularity ... peaceful , friendly , oil and codfish-rich nation , what 's there not to like ? 
  russia it 's just too big ( area and population wise ) , even if it became that `` non-expansionist , peaceful , western parliamentary democracy '' it would imply a tremendous change in power balance in the eu and a great shift towards the east . 
  plus when it comes to development , despite the wealth of moscow and a few other cities , it would take decades and massive investments to even dream of russia catching up with the rest of the eu , that probably could n't afford that even if it wanted to . 
  by comparison , welcoming canada would be a much simpler and realistic deal . 
  they once participated in eurovision too . 
  1980 precisely i think . 
  and they 're part of the `` european skies '' when it comes to aviation . 
   anyone in their right mind, 
  paris does n't bother me at all , au contraire !, 
  but french centralism annoys me , yes . 
  also the english one . 
  and the portuguese really gets on my nerves . 
  so yeah , i would have preferred glasgow 2012 , lyon 2024 or osaka 2020 . 
  makes more sense to me . 
  now huge investments in cities already full of huge investments ... it 's just a waste . 
  inaugurating a line a week before the games does n't seem problematic for me , as long as the line works and was not rushed up . . 
  the ioc knew rio had much less infrastructure than any european or american capital , but the idea was to diversify the location of the games as well , to make it truly planetary . . 
  unfortunately rio clearly did n't have the financial means to follow all the crazy logistic demands by the ioc ( including stuff like having to hire private security for the village , when normal policemen could do the work probably better - as it 's going to happen , since the private company bankrupted . . ) . 
  anyway , my point is , give rio a chance , the games did n't even start yet . 
  and about paris , i honestly can not see what 's there to win for the city . 
  fame ? 
  tourists ? 
  recognition ? 
  paris does n't need any more of those things ( already tops the world on all those items ) , i could understand if lyon or marseille were the candidates , but paris ? 
  there 's nothing to win from it , and big room for losses . 
  they do look like they all belong to the same family . 
  me too , and ? 
  if i was french i would be far more worried with the idea of paris hosting the games in 2024 , this is one way road to financial disaster , at the very least . 
  i wished they had won , this brought nothing good to rio , that 's clear . 
  everyone just stop bitching brazil . 
  the demands from the olympic committee are just insane and clearly some athletes have unrealistic expectations about the games . 
  it 's absurd the amount of pressure put into the hosting city . 
  basically you 're spending loads of money ( that you should be spending elsewhere , agreed ) to throw a party to the rest of the world that , as a thank you , just bitches you down . . pff . 
  ungrateful bastards , you deserve no medals . 
  if you think the olympic village is so bad try the favelas instead , you can see them from your window . 
  why ?
