  mr sands says it is ironic that the billions of dollars spent by banks on upgrading systems to track electronic transfers of illicit funds has increased the allure of cold , hard cash . 
  `` if you really want to tackle money laundering it seems a bit perverse not to tackle cash , which is actually the preferred mechanism of people who want to launder money , '' he says . 
  ah , so i did n't count as i had the eu flag before . 
  portugal had some [ recent good news about vultures ] ( http://www.wilder.pt/english/black-vultures-are-returning-to-the-south-of-portugal-after-40-years/ ) , but now they 're probably falling victim of their own success . 
  the population grew more than the current available food . 
  some special areas managed by ongs , where corpses are legally left on open air , have shown to be essential and crazily popular , [ with recent unprecedented sightings of hundreds of birds together ] ( http://www.wilder.pt/historias/nunca-se-viram-tantos-abutres-no-monte-barata/ ) . 
  seriously , they should invite australia instead , just like they did on eurovision last year . 
  ue 's legislation from 2003 , concerning the disposal of dead animals ( in order to prevent the spread of diseases such as the `` mad cows '' ) is to be blamed for the phenomena ( environmentalists have been lobbying for the law change without success ) . 
  typically shy birds , the lack of animal corpses is leading them to land in urban parks and squares looking for food , scaring some locals . 
   `` super butt vacuum '' i 'm just laughing imagining the meetings to decide to produce this . . ahah, 
  [ checks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfwyfb0xkbw ) . 
  visually looks nicer now . 
  true , this is just an excuse to post a list that got my city as n\u00ba1 , 
  maybe a way to avoid this is stopping the comparisons and not giving them the media attention the american media gave to trump . 
  of course on top of that is for people to vote in reasonable people . 
  is the system so bad that you prefer to risk it all ? 
  is your life so bad ? 
  if not go out and vote for the establishment . 
  do n't forget , trump got less votes than mitt romney ( that lost against obama ) . 
  everyone loves to hate ryanair , but it 's really one of those few european companies pushing for europeaness all the time , by connecting cheaply the continent but also for their political positions ( they did campaign on eu referendums in the uk and ireland ) . 
  i dislike the bully approach of its ceo , but ryanair does deserve some credit for being truly european . 
  my dear , my point is rather clear . 
  he 's not a fervent christian but he captivated the vote of very fervent and conservative christian evangelicals . 
  got it now ? 
  my argument is that he 's a nominal christian with no shows of religious fervor/guidance of any kind till this campaign . 
  and i do n't say that because i do n't like him , i could say exactly the same about myself , christian on paper . . only . 
  i agree , but she could n't change the media , she had to play with it . 
  you do n't have to be a populist to beat one . 
  but you should n't fall in the populists ' trap . 
  he was the one setting up the agenda of this campaign ... that was the mistake . 
   i do n't think you 've been following this election . 
  probably closer than most american voters . . just check most news-titles from the campaign and you 'll see what i mean . 
  it 's still stupid , but looks less stupid , between george w bush and trump . . 
  i would prefer a clinton 's victory even if it implied a new stupid peace nobel . . 
  i believe that 's true , but it 's part of the game , and clinton 's campaign failed to play it well . 
  racism and sexism require years and policies to be fought , you ca n't fight those feelings during an election campaign . 
  you need to be pragmatical and recognize that a big portion of the electorate does n't care about those issues and change the debate to issues where you can win . 
  each time the khans spoke , and the democrats were always giving them a stage , clinton did n't win a single vote , she probably lost some . 
  reality is , nobody knows . 
  he 's completely unpredictable . 
  he spent the campaign pleasing a crowd that has nothing to do with him ( a nyc billionaire married for the 3rd time with a foreigner and zero religions convictions ) . 
  but he also has congress and senate , so he can try to keep some of his promises , even if he does n't believe in them . 
  on another note : bern sanders looks like a much better candidate than clinton now . 
  sanders had economic proposals , clinton spent the campaign counter-attacking her opponent 's hate speech . 
  too much identity politics , too much about being `` the first woman president '' ( obama did n't spend his campaign talking about being the black candidate ) , too little about economy . 
  the unemployed white straight guy in mi or pa does n't feel the `` white privilege '' that was so mentioned on this campaign . . islamophobia does n't shock americans that never met a muslim in their lives ... final note . 
  obama 's nobel peace prize looks much less stupid now . 
  president , with congress and senate support ( unlike obama ) . 
  he can do whatever the fuck he wants . 
  you can elect guys like trump , but you ca n't really kick them out that easily . . 
  you do realize that trump does n't give a fuck about details , right ? 
  this just became much more relevant and urgent tonight . 
  i mean the time of coverage , not the content . 
  she lives in switzerland and has no job , i 'm assuming . 
  i dream with the day european parliament elections will get half the attention of these ones in the european media :p, 
  would n't even be that difficult , [ the trees were already cleared out of the way ] ( http://www.radiolab.org/story/dont-touch-me-said-canada-i-wont-said-usa-so-they-moved-20-feet-apart/ ) . 
  you 're back to insulting . 
  i 'm off . 
  enjoy your filtered/censored view of the world as you want . 
   it does n't have to be . 
  true , if you 're happy enough with tabloid ultra-biased journalism you do n't need a complete/complex picture . 
   no , you do n't . 
  everyone knows about extremists . 
  again , how many of them are interviewed on tv ? 
  why is that such an issue ? 
  to interview people with such and extreme view that is creating all sorts of political waves in the continent ? 
  interview/debates are much more interesting than edited quotes , and forces them to rethink their arguments ( live on tv ) , it 's very interesting on many levels actually . 
  that 's not representative of all muslims in europe . 
  if you want a complete picture you need interviews with people like her . 
  pretending she does n't exist does n't solve any problem . 
  glad you managed not to insult this time : progress !, 
  you 're just evading my comments . 
  muslims on interviews/talkshows in europe tend to be the good kind . 
  you ca n't accept that others get also interviewed/shown in the same terms . 
  and then you insult me due to that lack of acceptance of reality . 
  oh life is complicated , deal with it . 
  it 's never shown in these terms , in an interview/talkshow . 
  it 's always something far away , edited ... 
   because muslims are all the same , amirite . 
  exactly my point . 
  they 're not , time to get different views , like hers . 
   where to ? 
  you do realize that she 's not an immigrant , right ? 
  apparently she desperately wants to be one , in syria . 
  syrian taxpayers are not as generous . . 
  i think she 's newsworthy , also to deconstruct that myth about the good-always-victim muslim . 
  and then she also needs to be kicked out . 
  sad to think that she probably receive more state-aid than many europeans receive as wage for full-time work ... 
  very poor article , and in the end it 's not about an `` european diaspora '' but in fact an european diaspora to english speaking countries ... pff . 
  the problem is that china is not a part of neither of those 3 axis . 
  and above all , it 's very far from being a democracy . 
  so we 're basically in the hands of a dictatorial regime financially speaking . 
  china 's plan to own europe starting from the periphery ... in portugal they already own everything , from the electric company to banks ... 
  damn it . 
  then i 'm missing the 3 baltic ones and the 3 balkan ones + slovakia . 
  does it count when you can see the country from outside ? 
  i 've seen croatia from slovenia very clearly , was right there , by the coast . 
  but did n't put my feet in it :p, 
  ok , thanks for your explanation . 
  as if there was a lack of derelict ugly buildings to demolish around belgium ... shocking .
