  much much better , those spaniards are ruining our peninsula with all their co2 , cut it off `` hermanos '' !, 
  but money above a certain level also encourages corruption , as the sense of privilege comes hand in hand with a sense of superiority towards the laws , `` i 'm bigger than this '' . 
  plus money also has a strong addiction effect ... it ends up never being enough . 
  if that 's the criteria china is the best governed one . 
  infinite growth is not possible though , so rich countries will eventually stagnate . 
  gosh , sounds like something from franco 's time in spain ... 
  spain is under `` n/a '' , no government at time of research . 
  it does it the things are of good quality , like in japan . 
  on time trains are also a good indication on my book , and in japan they definitely are . 
  do n't get me started on belgian ones . . 
  that explains it . 
  but i would prefer to focus [ on actual results ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/15/japan-fixes-vast-fukuoka-city-sinkhole-repaired-two-days ) . 
  edit : i admit belgium is more democratic , but that does not mean necessarily better governed . 
  japan bellow belgium ? 
  yeah , right ... 
   and its phonology is really hard compared to other latin languages keep strong , it will pay off , understanding italian or spanish will be a breeze afterwards , 
  recruit another guy !, 
  tempura is + / - known about . 
  that vindaloo chicken came from `` vinha d'alho '' was totally new to me and gave me a laugh :d, 
  fair enough , but i would really like to see an actual example . 
  can you please provide me an example of japan being called western by some prestigious source ? 
   portugal is still a southern european country though . 
  no doubts about that . 
  but it can be both , right ? 
  southern europe from portugal till cyprus is however as diverse as it gets in europe , by comparison western europe ( however you define it ) it 's pretty much monocultural with some linguistic diversity . 
  languages are different , but a portuguese understands 80 % of what a spaniard says , and 60/70 % of what an italian says ... however we say `` you 're speaking greek to me '' when we do n't understand anything the other person says :p i mean , there 's definitely things we have in common , but we are in opposite extremes of the continent . . so we are also quite far apart on many things and always were . . 
  we are in economic and weather patterns ... but i think it ends there  language , religion , culture , history or geographical proximity ... gets complicated . 
  japan is never defined as west . 
  you 're confusing `` rich '' with `` western '' . 
  i also include spain in the west btw . 
  and geographicaly the uk is also west . 
  the problem starts in using categories that overlap each other . 
  one can be south and west , or west and north ... anyway , on almost anything you can think of , portugal or spain are closer to france than to greece , to give an example . 
  i get that , but still things should match a bit . . when austria is defined as western european . . and portugal as non-western european things went a bit too far off geography ... 
  we 're far east brazil , fair enough . 
   portugal is most * western * country in europe , but at the same time italy or spain are more * north * than portugal , then why portugal should be called * western * europe ? 
  i think you answered your question , 
  for me germany and austria are clearly central european country . 
  portugal on the other hand is the westermost european country ... 
  i always have some issues in calling portugal a south european country , as `` south europe '' is so diverse and not even a continuous mass of land ... it 's divided in 3 main parts , iberia , italy and the balkans , each part is probably closer to the northern neighbors than the southern ones across the sea ... as i see it iberia is west , italy is central european and the balkans are eastern ... 
  their base is in terceira island . 
  angra do hero\u00edsmo , the main city on the island , is one of the prettiest towns in portugal . 
  the azores are the prettiest region , one also needs to say . 
  eu stars above the u from usa ? 
  someone needs to show this to donald asap !, 
  so we do n't share just flag colors , 
  that 's probably for the same reason you do n't see it in lisbon : this way both lisbon and sofia keep on receiving eu subsidies that should be allocated elsewhere , as they are intended to poorer areas ... just a guess in case of sofia , 
  for the record , the brazilian flag is older than the portuguese flag . 
  it does n't bother me at all ... it makes sense , especially if the text is written in a clearly brazilian fashion . . it 's just weird when the flag does n't match the version used ... 
  but for simple software , it actually does n't make any difference , so use the brazilian flag without fear . 
  yeah it 's a very small difference , totally agree . 
  but there was a referendum and that 's the result . 
  if there 's no brexit the uk 's position in the eu will be very very weak , will me mistrusted by everyone else and itself wo n't be too willing on staying either ... the referendum was a breaking point , there 's no fixing of it unless a new referendum would present a very different result - and not just an inverted result ... it does n't seem like a 2nd referendum is even possible , therefor . . 
  but in any case my message is mostly to non-brits , we should accept the result and move on . 
  it 's up to the brits alone to try to reverse this referendum . 
  i would n't say that in texas . . anyway , our border is gone , we have holland in between now , 
  non-brit remainers should really cool down , no-brexit is a no-go right now , it would only prolong and intensify many of the problems that lead to this . . for everyone 's sake , brexit is now a necessity , even if purely symbolic - anyone that 's what most people wanted , no one is really willing to face real life consequences . 
  portugal is a single city ( by sydney 's density standards ) from set\u00fabal to p\u00f3voa de varzim all along the coast ... 
  i thought only the zulus had the tradition of burying by force the spouses with the dead king . . keep strong danish prince !, 
  is that a uber notification on the bottom ? 
  they got the flag right though :p, 
  i definitely insist on that one . 
  plus i love hawaii pizza , yeah the one with pineapple . 
  best summer pizza , 
  the glass is actually in gaia , facing porto . 
   i also ate food here that was n't that great either heresy !, 
  you 'll be downvoted for that . . 
  real chefs learn their cooking in schools and in restaurants from other chefs , not from their grandmas . 
  we 're talking about restaurants , not home food . 
   since you claimed that italy can have quantity while portugal can have quality dear lord , that was a joke !, 
  this started as a joke , where i pointed out to my favorite ice-cream brand that it 's not even so known in portugal as it 's a regional thing still ... and all the italians got crazily aggressive just proving the points i made after the initial joke ... you 're still proving me right . 
  wait , you mean she 's not ? 
   you just ca n't teach an otter how to swim , it makes you look ridicolous , italians have ages of practice in the food they make , japanese have ages of practice in their food , and so on . 
  this is the part where i need to insist , it 's just cooking as in it 's not genetics . 
  many italians cook horribly , i cook horribly myself , it 's ok . 
  some people cook nicely , and if you try hard and study it you can cook even better . 
  no matter where you come from . 
  i 've been to italy several times . . not that that matters too much to the points i 've made . . the food-nationalists i 've met outside italy mostly , germany and luxembourg where i live ( d ) . 
  it 's just cooking in the sense that you ca n't seriously believe that it 's better done due to the territorial borders where it happens . 
  it does not make sense . 
  but what am i doing , talking with nationalists it 's always pointless ... 
  seriously , it 's just cooking , and if you do n't think that the recipe is sacred you can indeed improve it . . that 's the problem in italy , recipes are sacred and therefor untouchable . 
  i love italian cuisine , everyone does really , all best italian restaurants i 've been to were outside italy though - and trust me , i already traveled a lot in your country . 
  i 'll be downvoted till hell though ... that 's the soft spot of any italian i 've met in my life , as cosmopolitan and world-people as they can be . 
  the mere insinuation that their food is not the best unleashes pure hate . . lol, 
  italian nationalism when it comes to food is cuter , almost every single national dish from yours has been exported and improved elsewhere ... you 're victims of your success , sorry buddies . 
  you can have the quantity , we 'll keep the [ quality and exclusivity ] ( http://www.quintadosacores.com/produtos/gelados ) . 
  i think last time we had a government being so popular so long was with guterres ( 1st legislature ) . . and even then . . not really as popular on the left . 
   respondents in most of the countries covered by the survey have a positive view of the eu : 94 % in brazil , 84 % in china , 83 % in india , 76 % in japan , 79 % in canada , 75 % in the usa , 67 % in australia and 54 % in turkey . 
  so maybe we should invite brazil instead of turkey ? 
  they do have [ a land border with the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana ) ... 
  the azores fill all the boxes if you accept to change cold weather by storms and weird language by weird accent , deal ? 
  ca n't do much about ticket prices ... :(, 
  i think it 's the name of a sea ... but we only care about the ocean . 
  free health coverage alone is a huge deal . 
  the problem is that even if tax rates are similar tax collection is much higher in scandinavia due to higher wages ... 
  portugal , ireland and iceland are the only 3 real island-nations of europe . 
  i think there might be some regional/family differences though . 
  we had a family lunch after my grandad 's burial , as quite some of us did n't see others in a long time and we all gathered for the funeral so we decided to do a meal as well . 
  was + / - spontaneous , but did n't feel wrong at all .
