  those 2 issues apply to luxembourg and do not apply to malta , the winner here . 
  this is bizarre to say the least . 
  is n't malta the champion on obesity ? 
  guess that little beer consumption is n't helping ... 
  i guess this could explain our record low fertility rate , kids have too much rights , potential parents get scared at the idea of sharing their lives with those little kings full with a sense of entitlement ... 
   thanks to their expats . 
  i think the relevance of this tends to be overrated . 
  it 's true da russia always does well , and that 's a factor . 
  but portugal has lots of expacts and generally does terribly , the vote last saturday ca n't be explained by portuguese expats alone . 
  in the end of the day it 's the most captivating/distinct song that takes the prize , no matter where it comes from . 
  just look to past winners and it 's a very diverse list : ukraine , sweden , denmark , austria ... 
  uefa it 's also a european thing , just saying . 
  a portuguese company based in cascais put a job ad for a youtube presenter that explicitly indicated that portuguese women should not apply , as `` they 're depressed and unhappy with life '' . 
  being a brazilian was considered an advantage . 
  the ad was later changed to `` preference for people with nationalities known for their happy mood '' . 
  edit : this is not the onion , it did happen . 
  after more than half century of tries i feel our time has come !, 
  the miracle is possible , keep the faith bros , 
  there 's zero statistical value in any online test that anyone can fill , so zero conclusions should be taken . 
  so let 's make an online inquiry and after a few random answers let 's make generalizations to entire countries and regions of a continent -- cause that wo n't be racist at all , right ? 
  when even varoufakis can see this ... one wonders what on earth is going on inside those abstention-heads ... but sometimes it 's simply easier to see what really matters at a distance . 
  i can only see total war on this map . 
  you can get out of the eu , but you ca n't get out the flag . 
  lol and in how many european countries is that any simpler ? 
  besides that the `` huge amount of money '' is a bargain compared to most eu countries . 
  i do n't know how you think the rest of europe works , but just a reminder that in france is 35 hours . 
  care to explain ? 
  and exemplify ? 
  i actually like ana gomes , she gets lots of hate in portugal precisely for the reason i find her cool , she has zero filters . . she says whatever she thinks whoever she 's going to displease with it , a very rare quality among politicians . 
  of course on the topics one disagrees with her she can be quite annoying , but in general she 's pulling for the good forces . 
  now , i 'm comparing the ep with national parliaments . 
   ought to stop funding people who are against its existence how many parliaments finance groups that advocate their end ? 
  maybe it 's time for pan-european lists and parties and the same ballot across the continent . 
  these fascists would never agree on their lists . 
  it 's really a sad irony , but it was indeed the european parliament to give a platform and money to many of these parties . 
  ukip would be completely irrelevant without the ep and it 's doomed to go extinct after brexit . 
  you just need to listen to the guy , always sympathetic to putin , taking a neutral stand between a centrist and a fascist candidate . . what else do you need ? 
  he 's a total crook . 
  m\u00e9lenchon electors would end up electing le pen , both sponsored by putin after all ... edit : truth hurts . 
  but a so called `` leftist '' is taking a neutral stand between a pro-democracy and pro-eu candidate and a pro-putin and pro-fascism one : congrats !, 
  `` racism or no-racism ? 
  je m ` abstiens !, 
  no , and it 's not easy to make an objective ranking on the issue . 
  anyway a ranking is probably not the best solution , situations are complex and diverse . 
  i would prefer a few categories , 5 or so , and fitting countries in those categories without making a ranking out of it . 
  it 's not normal that countries jump or fall dozens of positions from one year to the other as frequently happens with this one . 
  the ranking does have important information once you click on each country page , but implying that press is freer in ghana or trinidad and tobago than in the uk or france is just absurd . 
  the number and diversity of publications in these countries alone shows how wrong this ranking is . 
  plus accusations against journalists are not necessarily a bad thing , after all there are journalists who do commit crimes . 
  you ca n't just decide that 5 accusations equals 5 points less without checking their merits . 
  this ranking is very bizarre , it really puts into question the credibility of the organization behind it . 
  sorry scandinavia , but this ranking is actually bullshit -- but you probably would also lead a serious one . 
  only that you would n't be immediately followed by costa rica , jamaica or ghana . 
  this ranking simply deducts points to countries according to reported incidents . 
  if there 's no incidents affecting reporters recorded than everything is perfect . 
  mali , where more than half of the population ca n't read or write , already showed on the top10 of this ranking a few years ago . 
  things like peace situation , diversity of published opinion or literacy rate are simply not counted for . 
  so , like i was saying , a bullshit of a ranking -- fake news really . 
  edit : the best position ever of mali was actually the [ 25th place in 2012 ] ( https://rsf.org/en/world-press-freedom-index-20112012 ) , above countries such as the uk , australia or portugal . 
  it still makes a very strong case against the way this ranking is built . 
  just look to japan 's place this year and the countries above it that clearly have a much worse situation . 
  this ranking is mostly based on incidents , incidents gives you negative points , no incidents assumes everything is perfect , which of course is bullshit . 
  literacy rates should be one of the main issues on this ranking , but it 's not . 
  i still remember some years ago when mali showed on the top10 , yep , mali , where more than 50 % of the population ca n't even read or write . . great freedom of press that year though . 
  abstention is always an anti-system approach , the system in case being democracy ... 
   between two piles of shit , i choose none . 
  i guess the memory is really weak . 
  let me try to imagine being on `` podemos shoes '' , so between a guy that basically will keep major issues as they are , including political freedom , and the inheritor of fascism , under which people like podemos followers would be persecuted and killed , i choose abstention as a valid option ? 
  because they 're equal piles of shit ? 
  genius conclusion ... . 
  i think religion , and not skin colour , is the major issue concerning mixed marriages ... 
  spanish fillon is not the spanish le pen . 
  but this way we know they would be completely useless to block a hypothetical `` spanish le pen '' . 
  i 'm saying between a fascist ( le pen ) and a democratic candidate there ca n't be no doubt , unless you 're not pro-democracy yourself . 
  there 's no neutrality possible in this situation . 
  anyway their support or lack of is in practice indifferent to the election , but it 's extremely clarifying of their own essence . 
  anyway , we 're talking about the party that would bring `` change '' to spanish politics and ended up assuring that mariano rajoy could remain president of gov even without a majority ... 
  let me be more clear , you ca n't compare the % , but you can expect a similar general movement - that movement is the best indicator of the attractiveness of countries . 
  the brazilians moving to portugal are a fraction of the portuguese that left the country in recent years . 
  switzerland is part of schengen , will the uk join ? 
   wasting others ' people chance to get relocated , and wasting our time and resources . 
  is that clearly explained to them ? 
  do they sign an agreement on that ? 
  are they told that if they do n't use their residency in portugal they 'll be denied asylum in the eu and sent back ? 
  maybe that sort of information / policy , would avoid this situation . 
  i 'm just explaining what seems natural to me , people looking for the most attractive place within a border free zone . 
   pretty sure not 38 % of the population as left . 
  sure , but you ca n't compare mobility of the population in a peaceful country and of a group with no roots in a country and already on the move ... 
   it was their choice . 
  i 'm not sure how the actual process works , but i 'm quite sure it 's not `` do you want to go to sweden or to portugal ? '' . 
  it 's probably more in the lines `` do you want to go to portugal or stay in this camp in greece ? 
  besides being economically less attractive , much lower subsidies/support , portugal has barely no established communities from the countries of origin -- contrary to many northern countries -- and has been relocating refugees to small interior towns where they can easily be the only foreigners in town , and where the closest mosque and/or non-catholic church might be hundreds of kms away . 
  all this makes sweden , holland or germany look a much better perspective and with no borders on the way . . there 's no way to convince them to stay . 
  edit : i mean , portuguese themselves have been leaving the country by the thousands for the last decade ... so this should come as no surprise . 
  the fears in poland or hungary are silly , even if you try to welcome refugees , they wo n't want to stay . 
  how can you consider yourself left wing if you ca n't even be anti-fascist ? 
  supporting macron is an absolute no brainer for any anti-fascist , period . 
  the uk will leave the eu in less than 2 years , it 's probably simply illegal to attribute contracts longer than that to uk firms that must be reserved to eu firms . 
  and they hate the eu/european court of justice ever since ... 
  portugal is one of the oldest nations in europe , much older than spain . . and yet this idea is constantly popping out foreign heads only because iberia would look so nicely round without borders ... i do n't see people suggesting the same for czechia + slovakia , romania + moldavia , netherlands + germany etc or any other combination of close by not so different countries . . with a far shorter history of independence than the one of portugal , once again , one of the oldest states in europe .
