   in italy `` to pay portuguese style '' means to sneak away without paying what many people do n't know is that the origin of this expression is not a portuguese habit of sneaking without paying in italy but instead it has to do with a portuguese rich merchant that offered an exuberant party in rome sometime in the middle ages , the party was only for a lucky few plus the portuguese residents in town . 
  so the italians realized they would have to pretend to be portuguese ( fare il portoghese ) to access the party , so the expression was born :p, 
  quick reminder to brexiters : iceland is not part of the eu nor the eurozone , but it 's part of schengen : open borders with europe and free circulation of people as part of the deal they have with the eu . 
  and then they closed again and opened only for the dutch ... maybe this was the main reason . 
  damn those spaniards for bringing us the disease ... 
  not my point , for everything there 's a time and a place . 
  that place could/should be , among others , the parliaments in the ukraine and russia , but certainly not the portuguese one . 
  exactly , why should the parliament debate and vote on a historical event it ca n't change and it 's not qualified to study on ( that 's the work of historians ) - but which vote might create new problems ... it 's quite an inconsequential exercise . 
  i have some issues about parliaments wasting time discussing foreign historical events . . somehow i feel it 's not the place to do so , besides being purely symbolic ... 
  making the portuguese to eat more vegetables and reduce meat consumption will help to sort out some of those problems . 
  this is a good thing . 
  ps : everyone has health insurance in portugal , like everyone , including the homeless people or a refugee . 
  according to the who the portuguese health system is the 12th best in the world . 
  but to participate in a race in france you always need a medical certificate . . it 's so annoying that i always end up not doing it ( i live in luxembourg ) . . 
  that 's only in canteens with objectively low vegetarian demand , which then may be exempted from always providing that option . 
  by the initiative of the animal party and with favorable votes by all left parties and abstention of the right , the portuguese parliament approved a law that makes it mandatory for all state owned canteens ( in schools , hospitals , etc ) to always have a vegetarian option on the menu . 
  the law should come at no extra-cost for the state as the vegetarian options are generally cheaper . 
  try any rural area in rheinland pfalz , even with all the history of american basis in the region . . 
  i know that often people know more than what they show , they 're shy or whatever . . 
  i never tried to learn italian , but as it 's so close to portuguese whenever in italy i try to speak some latin-mix instead of english , using my spanish as basis and trying to make an italian accent and use as many italian words as i know . 
  the downside of this strategy is that people always assume i 'm spanish , but the upside is that everyone says my italian is perfect -- i would n't even dare to call it italian -- and they 're very happy they can speak in italian with me instead of english . 
  this is the kind of reaction that does motivate someone to learn a language . 
  i never had such nice experiences in both france and germany -- nor is english such a given in germany , it really depends on where you are . 
  but i 'm used to that already ... 
  if i ever try to learn slavic i 'll go for bulgarian . 
  who are the `` others '' ? 
  as much as estonia can into scandinavia or poland can not into space . 
  first it 's not the same , as it does n't grant the same rights and obligations . 
  it is a different law , that initially did n't even granted tax equality . 
  secondly the name does matter , and quite a lot . 
  just ask to anyone opposing it , they 'll confirm you just that . 
  it 's not marriage if it requires quotation marks . 
  slovenia can into west . 
  better than de , at , ch , it ... 
  at least nobody calls us turkey . 
  that 's actually a funny example , as it was no longer used in portugal since the 70 's , or better said , was not supposed to be used , but used constantly . 
  so quite a few `` anti-orthographic agreement activists '' in portugal used `` voo '' as an example of the `` brazilian imperialism bossing on our language '' , not realizing that it was actually brazil losing the circumflex on that word as it was no longer valid in portugal for long ... personally i like those diacritics , but i also understand that in the internet age they 're not so practical and often their importance is not critical . 
  in case of `` voo '' is not like you 'll read it any other way , circumflex present or not . 
  we already do n't mark all `` \u00d4s '' with it since always , `` ovo '' for instance could also have a circumflex , or since a long time like with `` povo '' etc. . just think about the millions of liters of paint saved when printing documents/newspapers etc without those diacritics and mute consonants . 
  the reasoning of the agreement was to try to reduce diacritics ( due to internet-age and so ) , so when a certain diacritic was not used in both sides of the atlantic in general it got lost ( exs . 
  but i also feel sorry for trema , and was quite useful for foreigners learning portuguese ... 
  brexiting since 1818 . 
  distrust this , if emotion is high it 's only beer and [ tremo\u00e7os ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lupin_bean ) . 
  the paper version is mostly in german with a few articles in french and occasionally some in english and luxembourgish . 
  there is a weekly portuguese paper , `` contacto '' , that belongs to the same group , so they decided to share the website . 
  but the 4 language versions are quite different in content and size , being the german one the most complete . 
  edit : about being common , it 's not . 
  for example l'essentiel is a very popular free newspaper , only in french on the paper version , and in french and german on the website . 
  there are a few other smaller portuguese newspapers and magazines and a portuguese radio : www.latina.lu about written luxembourgish it 's almost as rare , there are a few magazines and the www.rtl.lu website . 
  but , on the other hand , radio and tv are mostly in luxembourgish . 
  basically luxembourgish never had a strong written tradition , older generations never learned how to write in luxembourgish , but the situation is slowly changing and luxembourgish orthography is now taught in schools and becoming more common in text in general ... 
  did he get or not a german passport ? 
  never understood if that was just a rumor or not ... 
  here you [ find some more by the oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/portugal/portugal-successful-reforms-have-underpinned-economic-recovery.htm ) . 
  do n't forget the spoil the party to the host nation part lol, 
  you are , they are n't ( greenland also not ) . 
  that 's why i say it would be easier for them to join while being part of a current member , than joining as an independent party . . much more bureaucracy in the second case :p, 
  why ? 
  in this case is probably more likely for them to join the eu if they remain part of denmark - at least would be a much easier process to join as part of denmark . 
  that pisses me off way more , but way way more , than the brazilian remark . 
  the last one is just ignorance , the first is insult . 
   ps : devolvam o ouro lol that 's long gone though ... ask the french for it , napoleon took it . 
  i guess he has n't , as luxembourg did n't allow double citizenship till not so long ago ... but he does speak perfect portuguese and only became luxembourger [ when he turned 18 ] ( http://www.dn.pt/globo/europa/interior/lusodescendente-ministro-da-justica-do-luxemburgo-3570487.html ) . 
  got instantly hooked on this channel , thanks for sharing , 
  i 'm fine with that rule , if anything it 's more representative , probably all gays of the country would fit in the parliament . . would be a diverse sample . 
  well , used to be dutchy , was n't it , 
  til that [ male flight attendants can also be far-right leaders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joe_thein ) . 
  ps : seriously luxembourg , besides junker , is there any other straight politician in the dutchy ? 
  i have zero problems with this . 
  if anything , besides being the biggest portuguese speaking country , they also have the oldest flag of all portuguese speaking countries , so yeah , makes sense to use their flag . 
  and yes , the brazilian flag is older than the current portuguese flag . 
  ok , i ca n't beat that alternative fact :p they really must be all there . 
  build a wall around the dutchy before they conquer the rest of the continent ... 
   such an international european collaboration i really hope these contacts they 're making will last and be used for other pan-european stuff in the future . 
  this is great , 
  many bosnian-serbs went to serbia after the war i guess . . although they do have lots of migrants elsewhere in europe , a think a bit portion of those numbers for former-yugoslavia are due to war relocations . . 
  the economic differences between both countries would hardly explain such a tremendous difference in these results . 
  culture and migration history are probably a better explanation for that ... 
  the data is specifically about people born in portugal that live abroad , so i 'm not sure those count . 
  with years with more than 100.000 people moving abroad in recent times , and a constant flow of exits since the 60 's . . you can easily reach the 23 % . 
  i think luxembourg is not even on the top10 of portuguese communities :p edit : [ depends on the source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_people#portuguese_diaspora ), 
   http://www.everysecondcounts.eu/ eurotrumpvision would also be a good name for this . 
  lock him up !, 
  that was not even my point , you seem all to be in denial in your island , are n't you ? 
  i was not whinging , i was explaining the situation . 
  since day 1 after the referendum that the scenario is very clear outside the uk , all politicians in the rest of the eu accepted the result and its consequences : the exit of the uk from the eu . 
  it 's only in the uk that there 's still a debate on what happens next ... go re-watch the videos of that day , cameron 's , johnson 's etc declarations versus junker 's declaration . 
  junker 's position , like merkel 's , hollande 's etc has always been the same and a clear one . 
  the trust between the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  how could we trust you again if you reverted this result now ? 
  would only be a matter of time for the issue to reignite , nobody has patience anymore ... we ( rest of the eu ) would not trust you ( uk ) to want to remain now . 
  that 's the broken trust i was referring to . 
  it 's far from simple , starting with the detail of a consultative referendum . . 
  a no vote at this point would also be badly received in brussels . . trust was broken , you ca n't fix it with a parliamentary vote . 
  which ministers are elected by their citizens ? 
  parliaments are elected . 
  shoud n't she face jail instead ? 
  if you steal food in a supermarket you might get jailed for it , but if you steal millions from the eu you get a salary cut ? 
  fuck this . 
  jail her !,
