  funny how this potato thing got its bigger craze in countries not directly linked to peru , where potatoes originally come from . 
  not sure i have any stereotypes on lithuania , so whatever you post will be my bible afterwards on lithuanian stuff . 
  exactly , no need to fight over such nonsense . 
  luxembourg currently holds the copyright of `` grand duchy '' , sorry guys . 
  try grand republic , sounds better anyway . 
  number 2 is so stupid that i laugh every time . 
  but seriously , you poles should do more polandballs about portugal and angola , there 's gold material there . . and the relation is much more intense , corrupt and love/hate than with brazil . 
  * it 's the poles doing the polandballs right ? 
  since you ca n't into space . 
  belgium has a province called luxembourg on the border with luxembourg . . :p, 
  i suggest spain to be renamed rabbitsland , as it 's what it means anyway :p or in espanish `` conejoslandia '' :p, 
  i thought we were an angolan overseas colony these days . . more specifically an isabel dos santos ' colony :p, 
  in brazil you always see a `` portuguese pizza '' at pizzeria 's menus that has ham , corn , peas ... you never see that in portugal though , or at least i never saw it . 
   portugal have brazil , but to my knowledge that 's the only one ? 
  ( i could be wrong here , i 'm no expert ) . 
  angola and cape verde have both significant influence in portugal . 
  brazil is several times its size . 
  when you think in proportions portugal is smaller within the lusosphere than the uk within the anglosphere . 
   maybe with the exception of spain or portugal ( brazil ) or france ( quebec ) or even the netherlands ( cura\u00e7ao , suriname ) . . 
  was it isis ? 
  `` give a royal fix to your car '', 
  the design is not impressive , but i still love it . 
  it 's like that ugly girl everyone falls in love cause dad 's super rich . 
  what a lovely ugly note . 
  they 're always talking about a common eu tax to finance stuff like common border controls . 
  that 's the perfect one , and it 's simple reciprocity . 
  are you sure they 're not [ dutch ] ( http://www.candygurus.com/wp-content/uploads/kkcats-bag.jpg ) ? 
  it 's hard to have a global brand like that . 
  it 's like with clothing and shoes , there are many international portuguese brands , but they tend to have english or italian names . . even spanish , god forbid . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  and i also worry that muslims get stigmatized by this . 
  but that said , we also must acknowledge reality , and islam has everything to do with today 's wave of islamic terrorism . 
  not acknowledging this not only wo n't help us to find ways to fight it , it will also give pegida or the fn the exclusive of recognizing this . . and this is way voters are already flocking there . 
  today in europe there 's a very strong self-censoring when it comes to criticize islam , this is very dangerous on the long run . 
  being a muslim will only be as normal as being a christian in europe when criticizing islam will be as easy and frequent as criticizing the vatican or the pope . 
   discourses saying that it 's because of islam and other religions are not `` as blameful '' is regressive and ignorant . 
  or is it ? 
  i mean only because something is rather obvious - they call themselves muslims and they say they attack on behalf of islam - does n't mean that it is n't true . 
  of course there are other groups that use terrorism ( i.r.a , eta , etc ) but seriously , when it comes to islamic terror , islam is the one to blame . 
  none of our brands is that famous :p some have particular fame outside , like the bcp millenium bank , which is present in poland or even [ edp that is present in quite some american states ] ( https://www.edprnorthamerica.com/about ) . 
  but recognizable as a portuguese brand across europe my bet would be tap portugal , or one of the beers or football clubs . 
  i would go with santander for spain . 
  or alternatively with zara . 
  not sure port wine can count as a brand , it 's just a regional product with several different brands ... maybe cristiano ronaldo could count , or one of the big football teams :p, 
  [ this is the top brands ranking for portugal ] ( http://brandirectory.com/league_tables/table/portuagal-50-2015 ) , edp - the energy company - seems to win big time . 
  i thought it would be tap , the airline . . not even close . 
  i see . . 
   maybe we do not want to have a street full of homo people who show its differences maybe that 's why you do so poorly in this ranking ... but maybe that 's your point right ? 
  to do badly ? 
  so what 's your problem again ? 
   cambodia that 's surprising . 
  i find very odd the low rank of iceland , especially on `` sexual freedom '' . . 
  i have the impression that very small countries tend to rank lower due to the lack of legislation on very specific topics . . 
  hopefully one day you 'll be able to overtake kazakhstan , turkey or russia :p, 
  this is very inaccurate , in the americas huge portions of land were never under european control as they were only taken by their current state after independence . 
  `` european sphere of influence '' is very vague , japan could fit that notion , thailand as well ... liberia can hardly claim to never have been under european colonization ... 
  in sum , oversimplifications and use of nowadays borders for events from another time ... 
  you have countries where the veil is mandatory and you have countries where the veil is an option . 
  as far as i know no country banned the veil . 
  the women that chose to wear the veil in the countries where that 's an option are free to do so , others are also free to criticize their choice . 
  i can not avoid thinking that it 's a bit of a shame that these women living in free countries take this choice . 
  it only adds up to the trauma of the women who are forced to wear the veil in non-free countries . 
  by choosing to wear the veil in a free country those women are sending a nasty message to the ones forced to wear it against their will . 
  it 's quite brutal , it is indeed a shame . 
  this reminds me [ of that french iman that preaches peace and respect for the french law ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-trip-through-the-paris-banlieue-of-terrorist-samy-amimour-a-1079033.html ) and that because of that needs to wear a bullet-proof vest , change house frequently and the escort of armed policemen . 
  during a council , religious representatives [ islam ] refused to ask the imams to recite surah '' al - fatiha '' ( openness ) in homage to victims of the attacks . 
  and , because the victims are not all muslim . 
  `` they pretended that it was not planned in rituals codes . 
  that is to say , it is not intended in practice to dedicate a prayer to non - muslims . '', 
  information that was confirmed by the islamic scholar michael privot . '', 
  it has been refused to recite this prayer in homage to infidels . 
  a minute of silence was also proposed at the meeting , which was again refused , '' he added . 
  finally , the council of theologians preferred to call all imams of belgium to spend the friday sermon to the rejection of all forms of radicalism , fanaticism and terrorism without joint declaration to all mosques . 
  please let 's make all the memes with this idiot , this face is perfect for internet memes on stupidity . 
  let 's use her ugly face since she was not generous enough to cover it with a much needed burqa . 
  same for portugal . 
  that 's why we 're free from these nuts for now . 
  wow , that 's really impressive indeed . 
  the fact that they can report it , due to an `` anti-gay propaganda law '' shows that it 's russia that needs to grow up . 
  do n't say that twice , they might take it literally . 
  another case in europe is luxembourg : there 's the country of luxembourg and the neighbor belgian province of luxembourg . 
  no one cares and no one is invading . 
  also luxembourg uses the dutch flag . 
  all good . 
  no issues . 
  peace . 
  in portugal it 's a [ vegetables salad ] ( http://www.topgel.pt/images/legumes/legumes04.png ) . 
  incidentally `` timor '' just means east , so timor-leste , as it 's also called by english media , could be translated into east-east :p, 
  hungary is in 91st , yet far happier than portugal , greece or bulgaria . 
  we ( 94th ) ca n't even have the sweet compensation of being the most miserable in the eu . 
  thanks again greece ( 99th ) . 
  edit : oh sorry , you win bulgaria ( 129th ) . 
   eu is so culturally large to me that if you can really `` connect '' and love eu as a whole , you should just feel like a citizen of the world or something at this point . 
  i see your point , but there is really something european in the air ... we do have stuff in common , even if you pick extremes like portugal and finland or greece and estonia . 
  and lots of that stuff was directly provided by the eu . 
  i 'm having one right now . 
   also , merkel has way too much influence , she is not an eu politician and only about half of germany voted for her , that is 40 million out of the 711 million people in the eu ( 5 % ) . 
  in her defense she basically occupied a void space and everyone stepped aside for her . 
  it has more to do with incompetence of the others ( hollande , cameron , rajoy etc ) than with merkel 's own talent or ambition . 
  it really depends .
