  finally all parties in parliament are taking up some responsibility in their shoulders . 
  even the animal party , while not being officially part of the deal , has been cooperating closely with the government and voting in favor quite often . 
  at the same time this situation of a minority party government ensures that the government is under much bigger scrutin than usual . 
  this is working , i hope it will keep on working for at least 3.5 more years , 
  a family of 6 syrians relocated in portugal from greece , under the eu program of relocation , abandoned the apartment provided to them in the town of mangualde and disappeared after only 2 weeks . 
  they had shown interest in moving to norway , however their current location is unknown . 
  portugal already received 357 refugees from the relocation program . 
  you can start offering your trip there , even if there 's no specific greek version yet . 
  of course it will be less likely to find passengers , but this website/brand is growing very fast ... 
   also , last time a kid vomited in my backseat . 
  three . 
  times . 
  her mom paid me a coffee though . 
  oh that 's nasty though , not sure the coffee paid off . . 
  i 'll think about a no-kids policy :p i had a rabbit once , counted as luggage though , yep , a live rabbit lol, 
  i think they have a system for female drivers to make their offer of trip available only for female users , but i think that 's how far as it goes . 
  for the rest you can evaluate people as you wish , but anyone will be able to see your trip . 
  your phone number is only available once they 've booked and you 've accepted their booking . 
  some drivers actually make the acceptance immediate and automatic , others like to check on who 's booking first . . 
  so if i would use the german version maybe i can avoid those fees ... hmm i will try that next time , 
  basically you can search on the website if someone is doing the trip you plan to do , let 's say luxembourg-paris ( plenty of offers here ) , or if you intend to drive you can announce it on the website . 
  the website determins a maximum amount that the driver can charge per passenger , the idea is that the driver does n't get a profit but only shares expenses -- this is not intended to be a long distance uber . 
  and that 's it , the passengers book the trip and pay it on the website , on the scheduled day they meet and go onboard , and once the trip is concluded the passenger gives a code to the driver or marks the trip as performed on the app . 
  both the driver and passenger give a review on each other , that only becomes public once both have done it . 
  co-passengers ca n't review each other though . 
  so when you look for a trip or when you accept a passenger you can see their previous reviews and decide accordingly . 
  the website uses things like phone number and facebook to attest your identity . 
  i already did a few trips with them and i always enjoyed it , it 's a nice way of meeting people and practising languages . 
  i think blablacar has some sort of insurance in case things go wrong , but as it 's not for profit the people going along count as friends for insurance purposes i guess ... 
  i recommend it . 
  just notice that when you look for a trip the price shown is without the fee yet , that will add up some euros , depending on the fare price . 
  for a 22 $ fare expect 4 $ something fee . 
  but in markets where they 're new the fees are lower or even non-existant . 
  but even if they do n't have an official website for a country , like the us ( [ interesting interview with the founder that touches the issue of why are they not in the us ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/blablacar-when-will-real-ridesharing-come-us-1944519 ) ) , it 's possible to publish trips there as well , it 's just less likely to find passengers/trips . 
  the fees are precisely to pay for the service of reputation and connecting the people ... they do it very nicely i have to say . 
  but fees should be lower . 
  frequently people negotiate the return directly with the driver to avoid paying for them ... 
  i love them . 
  but the fees are getting too high . . 
  the [ underwear guy ] ( http://darkroom-cdn.s3.amazonaws.com/2016/06/afp-getty_topshot-france-environment-weather-flood-2-760x488.jpg ) is being picked by more newspapers though . . 
  i recognize the dutch tourists by the colors they wear , specially men , with strong purples , greens or pinks . 
  much rarer in other nations . . spaniards are also easily recognizable by their clothes , either alternative-left ( long hair , beard . . ) or partido-popular style ( women with vests and riding boots ) . 
  then there 's the germans , with their jack wolfskin tourist gear and deuter bags , not to mention white socks and sandals , it 's almost an uniform , freaky . 
  oh , i miss those times ... 
  israel , always the tiny scapegoat for all problems and deficiencies of the immense arab world ... among them being totally ok to incite genocide on tv . 
  iceland did n't go :( so unfair !, 
  if they have older maps they can ... yet to be shown though :p, 
  but those opt-outs are not likely to be repeated ... 
  we [ mapped it first ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-australia-map-idussyd3449720070321 ) . 
   scotland would not need to promise that it would be obligated to do so under the lisbon treaty ( this is non-negotiable ) . 
  true , but sweden is in that position and ... well , no real enforcement . 
  a [ picture of the bill ] ( https://twitter.com/jayrayner1/status/851088489978503170?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw&amp;ref_url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.smh.com.au%2flifestyle%2fhome%2ffood%2fcritic-jay-rayner-writes-searing-review-of-michelinstarred-chefs-restaurant-20170409-gvhf1d.html ) , i like it how those dishes with names longer than the dish themselves on the menu are shortened to a pigeon for 95 $ on the bill ahaha, 
  i would rather let portugal become the 27th state of brazil . 
   `` it 's like eating a condom that 's been left lying about in a dusty greengrocer 's , '' or  a main of pigeon is requested medium , but served so pink it just might fly again given a few volts . 
  this is epic . 
  hope no suicide will come from this though ... 
   nobody considers the azores to be part of europe . 
  wtf ?!, 
   so its either portugal or iceland . 
  iceland , just like the azores , falls on both plates btw . 
  i 'm all for this . 
  although i also like the idea of friday right before the eurovision . 
   the 25th of march still too cold in northern europe , may is better . 
   every country can waive one free day while creating a new european holiday would be highly popular , replacing a national one by a european one would not . 
   ~ ~ olivenza ~ ~ oliven\u00e7a , fixed that for you . 
  plus the difference is smaller and smaller ... these days you do n't get a hot meal on european flights with most traditional airlines , with ryanair you actually can , for a fee sure , but the possibility is there . 
  legroom is bigger than many mid-sized aircraft used by traditional airlines . 
  pay for luggage is more and more common ... seriously , i do n't get the bitchin , i 'm a frequent flyer , of both low-cost and traditional airlines , and i hardly see any major difference these days for short-haul , less than 3 hour flights i only care about the price tag . 
  i like ryanair , made travelling accross europe crazy cheap . 
  wears the european colors , was the first real european airline , making full use of the open skies policy ... they have strict rules , with luggage and so on , if you respect them , you 're good to go . 
  it 's not like you get much more flying economy inside europe with most traditional airlines . 
  it was actually quite obvious , if you 're not completely ignorant about the social context of holland and the political one of the newspaper . 
  if it was a neo-nazi gang that mention would be in the title and repeated across the entire article . 
  as the teens were of moroccan origin it 's only stated that they were dutch , intentionally ignoring the background that can give clues about their motivations . 
  once again , the irony is that in morocco plenty of men hold hands in public ... 
  i 'm guessing the teens doing the attack have origins in countries where men usually hold hands in public without being perceived as gay ... 
  yeah , but that one row got quite aggressive at the time . . 
  could that also be related to that row between the uk-austria over eu subsidies to a nuclear plant in the uk ? 
  if people want to call brexit a punishment do so , but keeping clearly stated that it was 100 % self-imposed . 
  but they say each bill costs less than 10 cents to produce :p, 
  i think the graphic is missing one of the things they really want : the end of the eu . 
  more and more i have a clear impression that a big portion of brexiteers voted for the end of the eu and that 's why they go on so angry even after winning the referendum , as they realize that they 're not getting what they want , they 'll just get brexit . 
  i think they forgot eurovision ... 
   the second bomb was supposed to be five times more powerful than the first one . 
  it was filled with metal balls and coins to have more victims . 
  the number of attacks that almost happened during the last decade is really incredible . 
  they should send a free sample to every citizen so people get used to it . 
  luxembourg [ just doubled its presence in mali ] ( http://europeanpost.co/luxembourg-doubles-military-presence-in-mali-from-1-to-2/ ) . 
   our boy guterres calls the shots then he should also count , therefor 5 . 
   brazil had a king until the 20th century , right ? 
  no , it turned into a republic before portugal . 
  that 's why the brazilian flag is actually older than the portuguese one , a thing few people know and one more argument to favor it as the flag to illustrate the language ... 
  it 's cooler and more precise to say that it 's the only european country that had it 's capital in south america for a decade or so ... 
  that 's quite wrong actually , there were many colonizers before the portuguese , ex . 
  romans and arabs both colonized the iberian peninsula and in fact most of the portuguese colonization comes centuries after the explorations ... initially it was mostly a trade network , not active colonization of big portions of land and people . 
  so epic . 
  for people that have no patience to watch a full match that was pure gold , totally watchable . 
  how a language sounds to you always depends on your own language and your cultural references . 
  a language sounding good or bad is indeed incredibly relative . 
  vinho verde is indeed awesome , best summer wine in the world .
