  i have the impression that among 20 's folks , more women than men smoke . 
  and in any case less youngsters compared to their parents . 
  this is how you can [ become a published author of a motivational bestseller ] ( http://www.luadepapel.leya.com/pt/desenvolvimento-pessoal/vai-correr-tudo-bem/ ) . 
   imposing it on people is horrible and very undemocratic , especially because many people hate the idea . 
  what a sickening distortion of the issue . 
  no one imposes same-sex marriage on anyone , what happens now it 's an imposition of a marriage-ban on gay people . 
  and you feel you 're entitled to endorse that ban that does not affect non-gay people , period . 
  that is the mentality of a dictator . 
  voting does not make it democratic . 
  it 's still a privelleged non-affected majority deciding on a minority right to equality . 
  what 's democratic about it ? 
  why do you reduce democracy to voting ? 
  imagine there 's a referendum on same-sex marriage and it does n't pass . 
  where is democracy stronger ? 
  in the countries that legislated it , protecting the rights of everyone , or in the countries that did n't approve it as it failed to pass a referendum ? 
  i for sure prefer to live in a country where everyone 's rights are respected , that is the true essence of democracy . 
  it 's a very poor definition of democracy the idea that it 's a dictatorship of the majority . 
  most dictators were or would be elected . 
  still dictators . 
  omg , you can totally see the effect of global warming !, 
  if you look to the map it really feels like it 's [ a west europe issue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe ) , it 's an interesting criteria to define what 's west or east . 
  seems like german-speaking europe is east . 
   i do n't think it 's one of the most pressing issues facing the country right now . 
  following that logic it will never happen . 
  on the other hand i 'm quite sure the german government is dealing with far less pressing issues right now . 
  the eu exit is actually the kind of issue that i have , theoritically , less objections about making a refereundum out of it . 
  it is after all an issue that affects the entire society so everyone can vote having a stake on it . 
  the problem of the referendum that we just saw in the uk was that it was proposed by someone that wanted to remain -- and that 's just silly , to take something you 're against to referendum -- and then the all campaign transformed the eu exit referendum into a imigration debate . 
  again , making it a discussion about the rights of few to be determined by a non-affected majority . 
  that 's pure populism what you just said . 
  and proves exactly my point , referendums are a populist wet dream . 
  on the other side it makes life easier for those elected to govern , they can just wash their hands and let it to the mob to do their job . 
   she should just hold a referendum it 's the kind of referendum that easily brings up the worst in a society . 
  what next ? 
  a referendum on death penalty ? 
  abortion rights ? 
  it 's a pandora box ... 
  let 's no exaggerate , it 's almost as solid as the kwanza . 
   til luxembourg is the pluto of nations . 
  important to notice that [ used to be much bigger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_luxembourg ) . 
  also that `` per capita statistics '' , like wine consumption or gdp , tend to be screwed in luxembourg by the huge day-time population that does n't count for statistics . 
  a huge portion of the workers in luxembourg live beyond its borders . 
   tial you can drive through the entire country of luxembourg in about 1.5 hours . 
  if it 's not the rush hour . . that can easily become 3hours in the morning :p, 
  depends on your definition of microstate . 
  i would not consider luxembourg a microstate . 
  more than half million inhabitants , clearly visible on the european map , borders with 3 different countries ... 
  they really must have huge criminality problems in belarus . 
   but destroying history to pretend it never existed is dangerous . 
  do n't think people will forget about hitler just because this house gets tore down . 
  if the house has no special architectural value . . it should come down . 
  so shitty that we beat the crap out of you !, 
  cause we can , 
  give us a break , we 're european champions of football , we were still partying that by the time of the olympics ... 
  same for portugal , we managed to get this approved without a single significant demonstration - there was , as far a i can remember , only one with a few hundreds organized by a far-right party that has zero seats in parliament . 
  and this was years before france , still amazes me how much more controversial the issue is there . 
  but then again they 're not alone , there 's still no same-sex marriage in germany or italy . 
  weird . 
  i confirm this . 
  european bars are insanely expensive . 
  being the safe driver is a great excuse . 
  we 'll pay a round back in portugal during our next presidency or so . 
  most likely this only applies to belgium . . 
   colony for the aged of northern europe [ i 'm afraid it 's too late already ] ( http://uk.blastingnews.com/sport/2016/10/eric-cantona-in-love-with-portugal-find-out-why-001181463.html ) . 
  ** portugal : europe 's most compelling new food destination ** until recently the buzz was all about the wine in portugal 's douro river valley . 
  now the restaurant scene is finally catching up . 
  a guide to the best restaurants in the douro updated oct. 13 , 2016 1:53 p.m. 
  et not too long ago , all the chatter about the douro valley , the flourishing wine region in northeastern portugal , revolved around its velvety reds and austere beauty . 
  the conversation is slowly changing , however , now that word is getting out about the unexpected excellence of the region 's cooking , which is humble , hearty and newly creative . 
  as i first discovered many years ago during a weekend of wedding banquets i attended , there 's always been some superb food to be had in the douro river valley . 
  back then , just about the only way to taste it was to be invited home for a meal by a local . 
  to be sure , porto , the seaside city at the mouth of the 557-mile-long douro ( most of which crosses spain , and the historic center of the region 's port trade , has long had a few good restaurants . 
  but in the wine towns upriver , the genteel old port-producing families mostly entertained among themselves , and gastronomic extravagance for their vineyard workers was pretty much limited to communion , marriage and harvest-day feasts . 
  during the last decade , however , the douro has emerged as one of the most compelling new food destinations in europe , with a growing roster of standout restaurants . 
  these range from cutting-edge tables to cozy country taverns . 
  some of the credit for the growing interest in portuguese cooking goes to a few high-profile chefs outside the country , including nuno mendes in london ( taberna do mercado , chiltern firehouse ) and george mendes -- no relation to nuno -- in new york city ( aldea , lupulo ) . 
  but most of the ardent new proponents of portugal 's palate still live there . 
  take porto native chef rui paula , 49 , the granddaddy of the douro 's restaurant revolution . 
  he learned to cook from his grandmother in the douro valley town of alij\u00f3 , where his family is from . 
  mr. paula now owns three well-regarded restaurants in the region , including restaurante doc on the riverbank in the village of folgosa , and his newest , the casa de ch\u00e1 da boa nova in a seaside suburb of porto . 
  ` my waitress told me that this fowl-and-bread stuffed sausage dates back to the inquisition era . ' occupying a japanese-style tea house on a rocky promontory overlooking the atlantic , casa de ch\u00e1 has a lovely terrace where , on a warm day , you can sit with an espresso under a fine mist of sea-salt spray . 
  that 's where mr. paula found me , and launched immediately into an amiable tutorial on the modern history of northern portuguese cooking and douro 's enviable locavore cred : `` we cook with produce from the small farms in the douro valley . 
  we make excellent olive oil , cheese and charcuterie . 
  we grow fowl , pork , vegetables and fruit according to traditional methods -- the land is often too steep and the parcels are too small for industrial agriculture here , '' said mr. paula as he ushered me into the dining room for lunch . 
  in keeping with the seafaring tradition of the portuguese , mr. paula 's menu consists largely of the local catch of the day . 
  when i dined there this meant a series of dishes -- including succulent prawns saut\u00e9ed in garlic and parsley and hake in an emerald-green sauce of plankton and dashi -- that represented a different declension of the same source , the white-capped atlantic just beyond my table . 
  later in the day , after visiting a few of the historic port cellars just across the river from porto , i headed back to town and over to a curious new arrival on the douro restaurant scene : a steakhouse . 
  with a name sure to appeal to all unapologetic carnivores , rib beef & wine recently opened at pestana vintage porto hotel . 
  `` even inland , the douro has always been a seafood-eating region , since bacalhau [ dried salted cod fish , a portuguese staple ] was shipped upriver from porto , '' said rib beef 's young chef rui martins , `` no one knows , but we produce some great beef in portugal . '' he sources most of his meat locally as well as from a farm in neighboring galicia , in spain , both of which , insisted mr. martins , are the perfect complement to a glass of douro valley wine . 
  i could n't argue with that , nor could i think of another steakhouse that offered a starter of cod soup with pennyroyal ( a type of mint ) and poached egg . 
  after several good meals in porto , i headed 70 miles west into the heart of the verdant wine country and peso da r\u00e9gua , the busy river-port town that 's emerged as douro 's culinary hub . 
  located in the center of town , castas e pratos fills an old wooden rail-yard warehouse , now sleekly renovated with great views over the douro . 
  `` the cooking of the douro valley was always seasonal because the quintas [ wine estates ] ate what they produced , '' said chef tiago moutinho when i chatted with him after lunch . 
  `` but the dishes the wealthy port families dined on were just a dressed-up version of what the campeiros [ farm managers ] ate , since it was their wives who cooked for the aristocrats . '' mr. moutinho draws inspiration too from the campeiros ' wives , but he has his own idea of what `` dressed-up '' means . 
  he produces some bracingly original dishes , such as a casserole-like soup of boned partridge , and ceps and bread in game bouillon . 
  the growing popularity of the douro valley as a wine destination has also attracted the attention of chefs from other parts of portugal , including serbian-born lisbon chef ljubomir stanisic , whose restaurant 100 maneiras is widely considered one of the country 's best restaurants . 
  in may , eager to ride douro 's new wave , mr. stanisic took up the post of consulting executive chef at the vale de abra\u00e3o restaurant at the six senses douro valley hotel , opened on a 19th-century estate surrounded by undulating green hills . 
  well-suited for his new hood , mr. stanisic 's first menu might be described as `` urbane rusticity , '' with starters like grilled olive-oil marinated goat cheese and a tomato relish or house-smoked trout , and pumpkin flan cake for dessert . 
  for all of the culinary creativity in the douro valley right now , the region 's winemakers still tend to prefer traditional northern portuguese comfort food at simple tascas ( a traditional portugal restaurant ) and tabernas ( country taverns ) , where local women cook the same dishes they ate as children . 
  you can -- and should -- join them at the tiny rustic restaurant papas zaide in provesende , where gra\u00e7a monteiro cooks a different menu daily , including dishes like roasted pork knuckle with fried potatoes , or at the slightly more polished but winningly maternal toca da raposa ( the fox 's den ) in the country town of ervedosa do douro .
