  edit : i know a castle can be too expensive to keep . 
  but they can also make beatiful ruins . 
  what 's the hurry ? 
  working mothers . 
  i was surprised to learn that that can be polemic in germany . 
  a mother should sacrifice her career for her children ... 50s mentality . 
  any referendum in sight ? 
  the dutch did one about the deal with the ukraine and still it went on ... 
  the same also applies to rural portugal . 
  it denounces you as a big drinker that you thought that was what it said and that it was just `` a bit strange '' . 
  all that blood of christ , mass after mass ... 
  but is the deal really saved ? 
  were n't there also opposition from some other countries/german lands ? 
  starting to wonder why so much people wanted ceta . 
  after all trade would be impossible due to time zone differences ... 
  if they do n't have complaints no reason to change then . 
  i easily agree on that . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's not a drama to cross a time zone line . 
   if it 's not broken do n't fix it . 
  looking to the map it is indeed broken . 
  but the french case is much less extreme than the spanish one . 
  of course people living by timezone borders are the ones experience less natural difference and a few inconveniences . 
  people on the french atlantic coast would be the big winners here . 
  but there 's also the temperature effect . 
  when it 's still 30 + \u00bac at 21h , you do n't feel like having dinner . 
   who goes out at 23 to eat ? 
  someone in a completely wrong time zone , in galicia that means a natural time of 21 . 
  yeah that 's totally silly , but let 's not forget the origin of that silliness : an initial refusal to give equal rights that lead to the creation of a `` 2nd class marriage thing '' . 
  but as far as i know recently a straight couple was granted that union , so all should be fine soon . 
  so no examples on special considerations for gays ? 
  so many assumptions . 
  there are not many cross-border workers between portugal and spain . 
  but they do exist ... the workers you mention would wake up as early as their colleagues living in switzerland . 
  and if they 're so many cr\u00e8ches could also easily adapt their schedules . 
  ps : i wish i was still studying , i actually work with quite a few cross-border workers from france . 
  would actually be a good exercise for them to switch their clock after crossing the border , it would be a good reminder of the border and that they 're not in france . 
  they tend to forget that a lot . . 
  if they work in another country makes sense that they follow the schedules of the country where they work . 
  seriously , this is easy math to do , one hour more or one hour less . 
  you can even get a watch that give you both times in one screen ... 
  in america there are a few metro areas crossed by time zone lines . 
  care to give an example ? 
  edit : so you edited your comment to give examples where bigotted people were sentenced for discriminating against gays . 
  how does that mean a `` special consideration '' ? 
   to need for special considerations . 
  most gays do n't ask for any special consideration , just equal rights . 
  or maybe you would think that many hide if from census and stuff ... 
  anyway , it 's often the opponents making the big fuss on the issue , just look at russia , they 're always talking about it . 
  it could even be easier then , a german truck leaving at 7am from germany and arriving at 7am at rotterdam . 
  ps : in any case , businesses focused on germany can always adapt their schedules . 
  dutch gdp it 's much bigger than ours . . that 's normal . 
  it 's not about the timezone . 
  do n't you have also lots of trade with the uk ? 
  on this proposal all countries keep a national time zone , even corsica remains with the french continental zone ... 
  why would that be so dramatic ? 
  portugal and spain have huge commerce between each other despite the hour difference . 
  big countries have time zone borders inside them . . it 's a non-issue for trade . 
  there 's also a strange collapse on the uk rate . 
  [ why mexico ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5798uh/why_is_mexico_in_the_interactive_map/?st=iuqugsws&amp;sh=7ea852b3 ) . 
  ahahah , that was an [ exceptionally good year for us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurovision_song_contest_1980 ) , now we ca n't even reach the final :(, 
  cause they would totally win with an amazing unbeatable choreography . 
  well it 's a bit like mirandese being official in portugal and capeverdian or ukrainian not . 
  both languages have multiple times more speakers than mirandese . 
  and since then it 's us who has the record of entries without ever winning :p, 
  but it 's still mostly scandinavia winning it . 
  there used to be an ibero-american one , not sure it still exists . 
  and i think russia wanted a former-soviet one . 
  this is becoming ridiculous . . at max one guest country per year , i suggest mexico for next one . 
  often we short it to `` cachorro '' , yep , simply dog , `` let 's eat a dog '' . 
  true story . 
  however sounds less canine to our ears as `` c\u00e3o '' is the most common word for dog . 
  `` cachorro '' is more like `` puppy '' , i know , sounds even worse right ? 
  canada did n't wait for ceta to rip them off !!, 
  taiwan is catching on , but you still hear `` ilha formosa '' a lot , in news about the typhoons and so on . . 
  we still call formosa to taiwan . 
  i already lost count on the number of times i heard on tv the expressions `` checoslov\u00e1quia '' or `` checoslovaco '' when talking about the country and the people , in fairness it 's often immediately corrected , but the clearly the intuition is to say it the old way . . yugoslavia was more complicated , was not divided into yugo and slavia :p, 
  as far as i know on primary school level the writing is mostly in german and the teaching in luxembourgish . 
  then at high-school everything switches to french . 
  so the country is genuinely multilingual , this petition wants to end that . 
  the tv and radio are in luxembourgish . 
  the issue is always on written information . 
  the idea of the petition is for luxembourgish to become the primary language of the state , on all official documents , forms and laws . 
  that 's really not something doable on the immediate , just translating all that would take ages . 
  then there are other issues , like the fact of luxembourgish having little written tradition . . there 's been a great ongoing debate on the issue in luxembourg , many foreigners feel this is a petition `` against them '' , as french is the de facto lingua franca of the country in most contexts -- there are always exceptions . 
  especially in the capital 70 % of the population is foreigner and does n't speak luxembourgish , making luxembourgish the main written language out of the blue -- when it 's not even the main written language on the media , publicity , etc -- would make life harder for everyone . 
  i do agree that luxembourgish should be promoted , but step by step . 
  luxembourgers themselves should use it in the written form more often , producing more content in luxembourgish . 
  if you see that website , from the main national newspaper , you 'll see it has versions in 4 languages , none is luxembourgish . 
  very unlikely . 
  it 's not really doable at this moment , to fully replace french and german solely by luxembourgish . 
  we really need more variety on our sources , sometimes this looks like a newsletter of guardian-bbc-independent . 
  there are plenty of continental papers publishing news in english , and we should promote that practice by linking it . 
  that 's the only way to create a real pan-european media audience/debate . 
  i wonder how much cultural stuff bankers do though . . it 's all about nice restaurants and fancy places for them to go . 
  obviously frankfurt is no replacement for london on that level , but i also wonder how much people on that level will be transferred . . and the thing will be spread , paris , luxembourg , amsterdam , madrid . . everyone will get a few . . 
  in the end of the day this could actually be the most positive effect of brexit to londoners . 
  overrunning the decision of a parliament is the new `` eu must be more democratic '' ? 
  in portugal we 're still trying to get used to the idea that it 's no longer `` checoslov\u00e1quia '' but `` rep\u00fablica checa '' , please do n't make it any harder for us ... 
  pff . . portuguese jokes are about people from alentejo ( region in southern portugal ) and spaniards are just unaware of portugal , would be very surprised if most could name our capital , wo n't go as far as imagining them making a joke about it . . 
  i 'm referring to the duration of this rating , not this year in particular .
