  repeating a lie hundreds of times does n't make it true . 
  they 're all so muslim that they always get a muslim funeral . 
  if something similar would happen among catholics they would not get a catholic funeral . . why ? 
  the catholic church strongly condemns suicide . 
  different religions , different rules and habits . 
  probably similar to the icelandic reservations ... 
  i see . 
  thanks for your reply , 
   shakespeare said the figures could change dramatically before june 8 . 
  what a visionary !, 
  i was just giving examples , unfortunately it 's a huge list of countries affected . 
  only countries with very small muslim populations ( japan or poland ) seem to be safe . 
   complete disenfranchisement & lack of opportunity , and nothing to live for/a hopeless future there are many known/studied terrorists that completely fail to fit that box . 
  and on the other hand you find groups of migrants that easily suffer harsher discrimination and hopelessness ( african black christians in general ) and somehow do n't fall on that sort of extremism . 
  terror recruiters themselves use and abuse the muslim victimization card . 
  one more reason for us to be extra careful and critical of this card . 
  does it really make sense ? 
  historically and all ? 
  did n't the ottomans colonized the balkans ? 
  did n't arabs raided and enslaved europeans from mediterranean till iceland ? 
  does all this victimization makes sense ? 
  historically or today ? 
  why are we feeding a-critically the terrorists ' narrative ? 
  that would be a valid point if a huge portion of these attackers would be converts . 
  they 're not , they 're an insignificant minority . 
  and among those exceptions many had different reasons to convert to islam -- marriage , theological interest etc not necessarily being drawn to violence . 
  that only seems to apply to a couple of cases . 
  historically though this is a fad going on since the origins of islam . 
  it always spread by the sword . 
  there 's something incredibly arrogant and eurocentric about this kind of view . 
  if anything , europe is actually a safe zone when it comes to islamic terrorism . 
  it spreads throughout the world , from china to the philippines , from nigeria to kenya , from iraq to afghanistan . 
  does this blablabla applies to those situations as well ? 
  and islam is just a coincidence ? 
  time to wake up people , islamic terrorism is a real thing . 
  how do we fight it should be the discussion . 
  feels good to be european . 
  i entered this post already anticipating lots of comments about `` how this newspaper tries to denigrate her '' or stuff like that , but the only discussion is about which country has the best beer , 
  he was joking too . 
  if he was serious he would say i could n't read a calendar ... 
  still about the war , the argument can be made that there 's been no war inter-states . 
  the balkan war was , at the time , a secession/civil war . 
  ( i wo n't comment your anti-german conspiracy theory ) . 
  greece would ? 
  i stated a fact , you stated a guess . . yeah it could have been better , also worse by the way . 
  so you 're anti eu but pro-eec ? 
  education exchange programs are enriching to everyone , not surprising that you do n't get it . 
  you should have tried it when it was the time . . 
   it specifically said `` european continent '' . 
  i think it 's implied that it refers to the part of the continent that is a part of the eu . 
  but agreed , that should be more clearly stated . 
  those wars close to the border of the eu are to me a reminder of how easy it is to have war in europe and value even more the peaceful eu . 
   war in balkans 1991 that were not part of the eu at the time , plus the reasons for that war were mostly internal to the balkans , you have no case against germany on this . 
  the eu has the greenest credentials on the planet , like it or not . 
  all countries got wealthier after joining , that includes greece or the uk . 
  schengen was promoted by the eu , not all eu members are in , and not all members are eu , but it is definitely something made possible by the eu . 
  erasmus is an incredibly unbureaucratic exchange program compared with anything else . 
  and your credits will be valid in your home country as well . 
  studying in one university in one country and eventually changing to another one in another country is also much simpler thanks to bologna treaty , another eu thing . 
  even as a foreign language it 's in africa that portuguese is growing faster , it 's taught in namibia or equatorial guinea . 
  not yet stabilizing , but there 's also the effect of portuguese growing as a native language , many children now will have portuguese as their native language while it was their parents ' second language/language of education . 
  in mozambique the % of native speakers was quite low and is growing immensely . 
  effect macron . 
  portuguese is the main native language of angola , which is very exceptional in africa to have a european language as main native language . 
  and it 's growing incredibly fast in the other countries as well , including mozambique . 
  that 's the pair that will change the game :p first sign , for the first time ever an angolan soap was aired on brazilian tv ... baby steps . 
  edit : sorry , [ the prediction is for 2100 actually ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2016/11/15/culturaipsilon/noticia/em-2100-a-maioria-dos-falantes-de-portugues-sera-africana-1751162 ) . 
  plus the future of lusophony is also in africa , by 2050 most portuguese speakers will be african , brazilian domination wo n't last long :p, 
  ... or she gets alive at night and hunts whales herself and that 's just whale blood . . 
   they do n't want people of other ethnic groups attending because clearly they want to be amongst themselves . 
      it 's not a racist thing really . 
  yeah , a whites-only party would n't be racist either , right ? 
   if we could start dna-testing everyone [ gattaca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gattaca ), 
  it 's racism in the sense that it gives validity and legitimacy to the political constructed concept of race - there 's no scientific value in most race categories generally used . 
  according to some brazilian sociologists though more people identified as white before because they were ashamed of their mixed heritage , and these days more people identify as black or mixed raced as they feel less complexed about it ... 
  but in the end of the day the validity of those statistics is put into question . 
  what 's the point of having race statistics if people generally perceived as mixed race or black count as white in the statistics ? 
  there are bad statistics though . 
  once again you can chose from an infinity of different possible ways of segmentation . 
  why is race so relevant ? 
  and what is race ? 
  how do you estimate it ? 
  do you ask the people what 's their race like brazil does ( having huge racial swings from census to census , because people sometimes say they 're white and on the next census they 're mixed-race ) ? 
  or the state determines it itself like america does , where the one drop law rules ? 
  i think there 's a huge potential for the information to exacerbate the problem , to actually feed it . 
  by feeding stereotypes and group segmentation . . 
  or norwegians , according to what you said . 
  edit : funny enough , this discussion is going on on a post about racial discrimination against whites . 
  so racism can affect everyone , it 's not a property of a certain group . 
  and should be fought on that basis , it 's universally bad , no matter its direction . 
  there are a few bathing waters . 
  but please note they are all outside the capital , do n't try to bath on the stinking alzette river that crosses it . 
  the world is his office . 
  good , that 's the way to go . 
  you can find similar statistics in portugal or france . 
  citizenship is an objective criteria , your passport is either from country a or country b. 
  that 's very different from attributing a race to someone . 
  i was being ironic , it was in the imperative . 
  you guess . 
  by the way do you have racial profiling in norway ?
