  no it , does n't . 
  it 's deep night in munich while still clear afternoon in madrid . 
  anti-corruption zealots turning out to be corrupt ? 
  shocking !, 
  who 's next !? 
  fado !, 
  european is such an artificial concept . . europe is just a peninsula in the eurasian continent . . plus japan is an archipelago , we allowed the uk , right ? 
  well those are plenty and stated in the article , the fascism part is just to explain the origin of the problem . 
  would be a hard sell , but [ i ca n't find any clear legal impediment ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/neighbourhood-enlargement/policy/conditions-membership_en ) , after all japan is clearly part of eurasia . 
  if members would be ok with it , i think it would be possible ... again , amazing animes could be done on the subject and explain all this brilliantly . 
  just imagine japan in the eu , they would make glorious animes about the eu bureaucracy and everyone would learn to love it . 
  i see a win-win there . 
  in this case serves to show that the reason why it changed was a completely stupid one , to be in sync with nazi reich . 
  that was not the justification used to build autobahns . 
  and being that the only justification for the change it 's up to its defenders to show new arguments . 
  was bad enough to get people demonstrating against it . 
  several experts at the time claimed an increase in sleeping disorders . 
  sure , but still , there are some common denominators , about early morning , evening or midday . . and those would be lost . 
  every time you traveled far would feel like learning a very bizarre schedule . . 
  but if you think about it , different time zones is what makes the specific hours a + / - universal language , 5am sounds early in almost every corner of the globe . . also while traveling is easier to get to a place and learn the local time than all the local schedules . 
   have you been in the north of europe ? 
  worth saying that the further you go north the less relevant this discussion is as the daylight times change dramatically during the year ... 
  that 's the problem of being in the wrong time zone for so long , in many ways the spaniards already adapted to their schedules to the time zone . 
  everyone always notice that spaniards dine so late , but they actually dine at exactly the same time as the portuguese , just different legal times , but the syncrony is there . 
  if the time zone is changed some schedules re-adaptation will be needed , and that 's confusing , as old habits create roots ... 
  true , that could work . 
  i think that 's the `` danger '' of this discussion . 
  i remember some years ago , when the issue was debated , some catalan politicians immediately arguing that in any case catalonia should remain cet . 
  hope they wo n't mess again with that , because in fact catalonia also fits perfectly in wet , just like all western france . 
  i 'm rethinking my plan , i would miss the `` one hour less in the azores '' on the radio and plus i live in luxembourg , so would have 2 hours difference to call home and so ... 
  [ azores , parts of greenland and cape verde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utc%e2%88%9201:00 ) . 
  true , that would be lost . 
  not sure i want to miss the `` one hour less in the azores '' , or the exit polls in election nights waiting for one hour for the closure there . 
   it seems that france and the benelux countries also switched to gmt +1 during ww2 ( under german occupation ) and never switched back . 
  in this case is not so extreme , they do lie on the border between both time zones , so both could fit . 
   f anything it would make more sense for portugal or even the uk to switch to +1 . 
  that was tried by portugal in the 90s , was a public health disaster . 
  people with sleep problems etc. 
  on the other hand was never an impediment for london to be the financial capital of europe . 
  that 's really a non issue , people dramatize the effect of these differences on business . 
  the real impact is in people 's lives . 
  edit : most big cities in portugal could already be gmt-1 , just like the azores , the `` natural time border '' goes through the center of continental portugal ... also during that experiment in the 90s portugal ended up having 3 different time zones , as madeira remained wet , when continental pt went cet . 
  actually portugal lies already on the border of the next time zone , that 's the one used in the azores . 
  maybe we should adopt that one as a unified national time zone and distinct from spain . 
  i 'll start a petition . 
  as long as it 's good in london . . no issue there . 
  i admit i feel a bit conflicted by this news . 
  on one hand , for f * sake spain , what 's the doubt of taking the obviously rational , scientifically sustained decision to end up the nazi-pleasing time abnormality ? 
  but on the other hand i see us -- pt - loosing a symbolic sign of our distinctiveness towards spain . 
  and as i do n't live there , it 's that loss that might endanger my sleep , and not the f ** up time zone . 
  edit : jeez , cool down with the downvotes , it 's a joke . 
  welcome hermanos to the best time zone in the world !, 
  true , looks confusing . 
  i 'm guessing this will be much less polemic than the canadian deal . . 
  this was epic tv . 
  sarcasm is so much better than reality shows . 
  this made people think , it 's rare that tv achieves that . . 
  there 's even a '' [ little switzerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_switzerland ) '' , you 're dutch , you should know it , it 's literally one big dutch camping site during the summer ... 
  the relation is not so linear , some eastern countries are less religious than say portugal or ireland . . on the other hand in portugal it was precisely the republican revolution , which was very anti-clerical , that introduced the criminalization of homosexuality in the beginning of the 20th century . . the last years of the monarchy were much more liberal on that regard than most of 20th century , republicans saw homosexuality has a bourgeois and monarchist vice . 
  although it 's also true that the anti-clerical movement did n't last long and eventually was replaced by a fascist regime , very religious and even more homophobic . 
  this map is just so incredibly more informative than [ that one from ilga europe ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5hjdnj/may_2016_lgbt_acceptance_in_europe/?st=iwnbmt3a&amp;sh=b00abf0d ) . 
  also , proximity to the atlantic seems to have not only a positive impact in air quality and milder winters ... 
  there are also many spanish doctors in portugal , there is indeed some spanish migration , specially from galicia and extremadura . 
  well actually does n't seem very accurate/up to date . 
  could they be russian migrants going back ? 
  be careful with [ what you wish for ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/padeira_de_aljubarrota ) ... 
  btw luxembourg is done , but still ... it 's our atlantic garden , we must fight back . 
  omg , all those spaniards sneaking in , while all the portuguese are leaving . 
  this ca n't be right !, 
  scary stuff . 
  perth is actually quite cool . 
  awesome quality of life , pretty city , with some very interesting towns in its range : freemantle and further south albany . 
  great wine region close by : margaret river . 
  it 's really cool actually , and not a long flight from bali or singapore . 
  it 's even better than what i imagined , it 's fucking awesome . 
  muslim malays are very nationalist , but chinese , christians and other minorities are very different . 
  i spoke with portuguese descendants that were extremely proud of their inheritance . 
  average malays had just vague notions on the portuguese ... thought we were talking about people , not plaques . 
  my experience is absolutely opposite , and i was in malacca and met quite some people whose eyes got all interested at the mention of portugal . 
  maybe it 's not because of being portuguese , maybe it 's how you act . . think about it , 
  from my experience the areas where you find people to be most ignorant about portugal are the areas that never had much of a connection , and that 's a big portion of europe or north america . 
  i traveled a bit in asia and people are quite familiar with the name and know stories about `` old portuguese '' ... 
  in southern africa is also known and respected . 
  the countries i 've felt looked down for being portuguese were all in europe , far away i often had much more positive reactions . 
  that 's quite boring and literal coming from someone living no matter where ... zzzzzzzzz, 
  * yeah let 's try to bring mice into capitalism , it 's doing wonders for humanity/planet ... * edit : those shops are f * cute though , they do n't have any chance of resistance . 
  excellent , you should send this to them , this map is ridiculous and counter-productive . 
  i can already imagine fascist orban using it in eu meetings , `` see this map , totally not fascist '' . 
  certainly , t-rights are a all different category . 
  but when it comes to lgb rights it 's mostly about `` are you allowed to have a same-sex relation ? 
  is that relation recognized as equal to a different-sex relation ? '' . 
  on a secondary - as i see it - you 'll find the anti-discrimination laws , that may be more or less necessary more or less efective depending on the country . 
  but if we speak about legal equality , and that seems to be the purpose about this map , same-sex marriage is indeed an essencial law that seems to have been completely underestimated by ilga europe . 
  seriously , looking to this map you would guess that hungary could teach a lesson to luxembourg on lgbt rights , and that 's plain bullshit , that no one at ilga europe noticed that is scary . 
   true tuganess lol , 
  you should write to ilga europe , anyway this map is bs on many levels . . no worries . 
  agreed , having the vatican next door to the parliament is the italian curse here . 
  the more i read about the map the more annoyed i get by it . 
  this only adds to confusion and disinformation . 
  here is my advice to ilga europe : keep it simple .
