  the number of deaths correspond to the number of bodies found . 
  they were just missing , for a day there was the doubt about their condition ... 
  fire danger varies a lot from municipality to municipality and along the regions . 
  in the big planes of the south the danger is quite low , those are farming areas with little forest . 
  the region where this happened is by far the most dangerous zone due to the very big forest full of dangerous trees such as pine and most of all eucalyptus . 
  good they 're all moroccan , easy to kick them out and to a country that knows how to deal with people like these . 
  portugal rural areas are being abandoned by locals for decades now ... many foreigners , mostly north europeans , seize the opportunity to buy big plots for little money . 
  they 're the hope to keep these areas populated . 
  there are even some japanese farmers from fukushima that moved to portugal as well ... 
  thought about sharing a bit of good news in the middle of so much horror going on in this region for the past days . 
  this is a dutch family with 6 kids that lives in an isolated area right where the fire passed . 
  for long hours they were feared dead , as they were nowhere to be found and they were not at home . 
  their home survived the fire , although they lost most of their garden . 
  but even the dogs that were at home also survived . 
  luckily for them they were away for that day and when they tried to go back home the road was already closed . 
  they ended up helping 3 other people running from the fire and they took refuge at a belgian couple 's farm as many other people of different nationalities did that day . 
  the belgian couple hosted for a night around 50 people , including germans and czechs , besides this family . 
  shitty journalism happened , but better like this than a real news . 
  both pilots and the mechanic from the non-existent and of undetermined origin plane are fine . 
   even more confusing to ** non-europeans ** . 
  i like your optimism , 
   so yes - work started . 
  the problem is that in some areas you have the feeling that works are never ending ... 
  i also have the impression that an unnecessarily long stretch of road is closed to do works on a much shorter part ... edit : typo, 
  i guess it 's due to comments like this that they 're [ leaving you ] ( http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/equatorial-guinea-joins-community-of-portuguese-language-countries-268594002.html ) ... * evil laughter *, 
  true , they 're the only monolinguals you can find in luxembourg :p, 
   not compromise at all those are the hardliners . 
  not compromising on core principles it 's just common sense . 
  i really do n't think there 's any ongoing claim on belarus ... the policy has been of intentional lack of any visible interest . 
  let 's chat again in 100 years time  well , for the blocks from the 60 's we just need to wait 50 more ... it 's doable !, 
  if there 's something that is not objective is the concept of pretty . 
  i 'm definitely not sure . 
  many people found the eiffel tower a horrible pile of steel ... time heals , people get used to it , it becomes a classic ... also old constructions tend to become rarer with time , as many are demolished/replaced/altered in the meanwhile , so they turn more unique with time as well . 
  we ca n't have empathy for every single tragedy in the world , otherwise we would n't do anything else in life . 
  allow me to be specially sad with a tragedy i relate more to due to thousands of reasons . 
  i just expressed that sorrow , in no way did i deny anyone else 's sorrows ... 
  the first named victim is [ a 4 year old child ] ( http://www.movenoticias.com/2017/06/rodrigo-4-anos-primeira-vitima-mortal-conhecida-do-incendio-pedrogao-grande/ ) , this is beyond sad . 
  at least 3 other children died in the fire . 
  here 's [ a video of the tsunami ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnaoxel48wg ) . 
  although i guess this is not from the hardest hit area . . 
  i mean , it would have been totally awesome . 
  time , i 'm sure , would have transformed it in a love icon just like it did for the current structure . 
   this sounds like some sort of freak firestorm . 
  it was , + than 40\u00bac , super strong winds - some trees broke with the winds , dry thunders ... everything that could go wrong went wrong . 
   i 'm from the area and was there yesterday . 
  awesome , here 's a friendly suggestion , transform all that anger in action . 
  go clean some forest close to your place , cut down eucaliptos , australias and the likes and next autumn plant or seed some oak trees around . 
  i 'm ashamed of your comment . 
  i 'm ashamed of loads of people like you with zero knowledge on the issue hurrying to finger pointing . 
  is this kind of hurried and quickly vanished anger that does n't help in any way . 
  survivors describe `` tornadoes of fire '' , many trees in the region fell with the force of wind . 
  investments have been made , the means to fight the fires are more modern and efficient today than ever before . 
  the biggest problem is structural and needs generations to be solved : the desertification of population and the unhealthy forest invaded by exotic species . 
  yesterday 's weather fenomena were impossible to control and might only get worse with climate change . 
  trees fell down with the wind , wind with 40\u00bac and zero humidity . 
  this is not normal , not in any way . 
  it 's actually quite unexpected and completely exceptional . 
  please save your empty critics for other time . 
  portugal faces severe fires every year but the death toll is always a fraction of this , some years it 's even zero . 
  till yesterday our biggest forest fire tragedy was the death of 25 firemen in the 60 's !, 
  we 're now talking about 57 civilian deaths , this is on all levels exceptional and unexpected . 
  this was a pretty exceptional fire . 
  40 \u00b0 c strong winds and dry thunderstorms . 
  the perfect storm . 
  there are no miracles . 
  43 now :(, 
  43 now :(, 
  60 % is far from always . 
  natural fires do happen . 
  that mayor has been saying lots of idiotic things . 
  in fact everything suggests that this fire was natural , caused by the extreme temperatures and dry thunder storms and strong winds . 
  thought this sub had a strong policy against shitty tabloids . 
  you 're hopeless and theologically ignorant . 
  you just established that all religions are equal and islam especially deserves all your sympathy cause . . because . 
  religions are ideas , and they are all quite different . 
  islam especially uses violence as a way of spreading . 
  just like christianity used to do , till it reformed - thanks in big part to all the critics and heretics , and became a mostly humanist and pacifist movement ( even if some violent sects till persist ) . 
  in islam violence is much more predominant , from the holy book to everyday reality in countries with significant muslim populations . 
  but why am i wasting time , you do n't give a fuck about reality , you decided that religions are all the same and deserve equal treatment , even if the outcome of that is huge differences in treatment of people ... it 's the suicide of the left , this stupid idea that it the religions , and not the people , that should be treated equally . . this will cost us everything . 
  i 'm really fed up . 
  you clearly have no idea what 's in there . 
  i trust you to be able to read it without becoming a terrorist though . 
  like millions of people . 
  once again , go read the koran . 
  you 're in denial . 
  go read the koran . 
  radio people fooling the continent with their seductive voices ... 
  being a german is just having a nationality , you have little control on that . 
  being a muslim is a having a set of beliefs , whose actual interpretation may vary tremendously among muslims , but still , shared beliefs . 
  my source is the article from the post , that is , the guardian . 
  would be nice if you explained your sources instead of downvoting my comment . 
  according to the article that 's simply germany 's biggest umbrella organisation for muslims . 
  well i gave you a few examples , waiting for yours . . 
  wow that 's really cool , it 's not so easy to find european stuff . . so much easier to decorate everything in union jack style . . :p, 
  there 's at least 4 other related posts but i upvote anyway , good news must be praised , 
  denmark 's result is quite disappointing for a country with high hopes of hosting the ema after brexit . . czechia and slovakia , you really went separate ways , did n't you ? 
  mostly in trade wars ... 
  maybe they 're under-represented in the rest of society ... when one does n't know one just assumes someone else is straight , and that 's often not the case . 
  in case there is some over-representation there could be some explanations for it . 
  it 's hard for politicians to have a family life , women politicians frequently do n't have children ( may , merkel . . ) , that could have an impact maybe .
