  portugal is indeed a very safe country . 
  people living in portugal are spoiled with peace and go crazy with any minor incident ... japan just had a 19 victims massacre . 
  great , keep me posted  thanks . 
  this is a not a funeral . 
  maybe it was a punishment for wearing the shirt ( ahahah ) . 
  i tried to find a news about it , as the image is really viral in portugal right now , but could n't find anything . 
  found another story , from another procession , where a priest refused to authorize guys with t-shirts and shorts to be a part of , the population got mad at him and did the procession without the priest . 
  that 's how portugal does religion i guess , not so found of clergy ... 
  i guess nobody paid attention and/or understood english ... he probably did n't think about it , my guess . 
  and then again it 's also very portuguese not to give a fuck about certain details . . 
  true , ahaha, 
  good old ... de jong ( the young ) . 
  that 's so true , it 's quintessentially portuguese on many levels . 
  do n't think so . 
  it 's normal to have [ some informally dressed volunteers ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_ljflszyu7is/tiqy_5fmh3i/aaaaaaaabyo/mpow1icsz6e/s1600/procissao-andor-sradaboasorte.jpg ) ( even [ shorts ] ( http://c8.quickcachr.fotos.sapo.pt/i/b88041849/13439856_a5py4.jpeg ) are commonly accepted these days ) , some times last minute volunteers to replace someone else . . ok , normally not sooo informally dressed , but casual enough . 
  it 's summer and hot after all . 
  or at least portugal 's relation with catholicism . . 
  typical catholic procession , the saint on display it 's saint anthony , but the procession could be in honor of some other saint . . 
  there are hundreds of such parades in rural portugal especially in the summer months . 
  i do n't indicate the source as i really do n't know it , the image has been going viral in portugal for a couple of weeks . 
  could be [ this one ] ( https://eumostwanted.eu/#/node/102 ) actually ... 
   [ the displayed picture is about 20 years old . 
  ] ( https://eumostwanted.eu/#/kiesch-jean-marc-sirichai ) so please pay attention to asian looking men of 40 that could look like this 20 years ago , thanks . 
  there could be a couple of little bias . . coff coff, 
  there must be , economy ca n't explain why murders have been going down in all 1st world countries for a decade at least ... internet is the big change here during that time ... 
  i 'm really not sure about that , in southern europe poors have increased and yet murders have been going down . 
  considering that finland leads it must mean total social independence , zero need to socialize with others . 
  russian children must have very weak souls to be so easily warped by this penis . 
  i mean it 's made of stone , but it 's still a soft one . 
  [ we will not hesitate to blow up their holiday homes ] ( https://charliehebdo.fr/wp-content/uploads/publiatis/96_juin_flnc_10944_prv-784x1024.jpeg ) . 
  i blame the internet . 
  people are too focused on their computers to bother to kill each other like before . 
  yep , or even orange as the country is known as `` orange '' in some languages . 
  `` flor de laranjeira '' would n't be too close to a certain political party . . 
  i think would be fine . 
  hmm already the symbol of madrid and not really common throughout the country ... should be common . 
  i think [ this is their source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floral_emblem#portugal ) which actually offers a few possibilities , my guess would also be the carnation if there was such thing as `` national flower '' . 
  curiously would n't be surprised if both [ madeira ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strelitzia_reginae ) and [ azores ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrangea ) had a regional flower , they probably do , it 's constantly present on their logos and so on , but a true national flower is hard to guess . . and the carnation is too linked with the revolution so it 's more a symbol of the revolution than of the country . 
  latvia and lithuania spend very little for 2 countries depending on its allies to secure their airspace . 
  ironic that both countries were supporting sanctions against portugal and spain , while these 2 countries precisely were protecting their air space . . 
  i guess it must be easier to keep the deficit low when someone else will protect your air space :p, 
  ships from other european countries present and quite some pretty pictures . 
  good to have some positive news around here . 
  that was already clear since the moment it was considering for the first time to apply the rules to only 2 of the 13 members currently violating them . 
  actually the origin of israel/palestine borders is from the same period as the new borders of germany/poland/russia ... all from the 40 's . 
  actually the origin of israel/palestine borders is from the same period as the new borders of germany/poland/russia ... all from the 40 's . 
  actually the origin of israel/palestine borders is from the same period as the new borders of germany/poland/russia ... all from the 40 's . 
   it is no longer acceptable for countries to be conquering territory israel conquered most of its territory shortly after the 2nd world war that saw massive changes of territory in europe . 
  israel even peacefully gave up most of its conquered territory ( the sinai ) . 
  russia occupied a recognized state , that 's not the case with palestine . 
  the eu sponsored the independence of kosovo , a direct consequence of the lost war by serbia ... 
  the french-german border changed with every war . 
  it 's a basic consequence of wars . 
  once again , the palestine situation has nothing unique about it , it 's a rather common thing throughout human history . 
  france has gentler neighbors . 
  germany recognized it lost the war and lived with it . 
  israel does n't see it as foreign territory , just like france israel extended its territory by winning wars . 
   the israelis are invading land which does n't belong to them though . 
  that argument can be used by many people in europe about their neighbor countries , all borders were defined by wars . 
  same thing there . 
  it 's actually a very common situation . 
  the police killed the attackers ? 
  weird ... when israel does that europe tend to criticize rather firmly that kind of response . 
  but it 's time to change our attitude towards israel and try to learn a bit from them , how they manage to cope with this . 
  this is their normal for decades ... 
  the title is simply incorrect . 
  there have been several cases of zika in europe , mostly imported from the americas but also some possible cases of local sexual transmission . 
  the title of the spanish article is in fact : `` born in barcelona first baby in spain with microcephaly associated to zika '' . 
  if the family members of victims of terrorism start attacking european mosques will you also want to understand their anger and evaluate their personal circumstances ? 
  or will you defend a firm and fast action by the police and justice to avoid further attacks ? 
  for christ sake , the arab world has been a colonizing power for longer than europe . . it simply lost track during the last 2 centuries or so . 
  nothing of that serves as justification for any act of terror . 
  if we think that a bomb in the middle east justifies a bomb in europe , than we must also think that a bomb in europe justifies revengeful tactics here or elsewhere . 
  an eye for an eye , right ? 
  road to no where . . europe is not the center of the world , islamic terror kills all around the planet , from nigeria to the philippines . 
   the french might have other things on their minds with the recent events in nice and the prolonged state of emergency . 
  not everything revolves around the uk you know . 
  that 's exactly what the article argues . 
  very few doubts on her conservatism . 
  the exception would be if she lived in a country with mandatory veils for women . 
  there it is a neutral symbol , in europe absolutely it is not , it 's a choice to affirm a belief . 
  one not shared by most of her viewers . 
  i do n't know any on the bbc . 
  nor on any respectable or public funded european channel . 
  yep . 
  do you see many reporters wearing them ? 
  feel free to be in denial , but a head scarf is an obvious endorsement of not only a religion but a conservative position inside that religion . 
  feel free to be in denial , but a head scarf is an obvious endorsement of not only a religion but a conservative position inside that religion . 
  feel free to be in denial , but a head scarf is an obvious endorsement of not only a religion but a conservative position inside that religion . 
  totally agree . 
  her headscarf is too politically charged . 
  if she wants to pass that statement very well , but not as a reporter that has obligations of objectivity . 
  there 's no magic potion , but i see too many people in the mainstream political parties avoiding the issue all together . 
  that gives the monopoly of facing the problem to the far-right , that scares me . 
  i find it fair to be more demanding from the muslim communities and leaders . 
  basically being more honest on the issue already implies that , this concerns islam , so what do you ( islam ) do ? 
  other policies should be implemented . 
  i 'm a left wing guy , a migrant myself , but find it perfectly reasonable to deport migrants involved in crime or conspiracies and refusing nationality rights to people endorsing extreme behaviors like burqas and such ... that definitely mean a zero effort of integration . 
  everyone is in denial about the fact that a significant -- even if clearly a minority -- of the muslim population in europe ( and even worse outside ) does have sympathies with terrorism and with fundamentalist beliefs . 
  this negation of reality wo n't solve the problem .
