  ( but no subtitles ), 
  i really think it 's up to the germans to decide what to call it ... 
  you 're in denial . 
  they have the most literal interpretation of the koran , that 's why they say most others are heretics . 
  koran , like the bible , can have multiple interpretations . . catholics , orthodoxs , evangelicals etc are all christians . . even if they all consider to be more genuine than the others . 
  lol you totally did not . 
  isis is an explicitly religious organization . 
  you can deny it as you want , but they 're very zealous about their religious motivations . 
  the labour party has a christian majority , but it 's not a christian organization ... 
  a translation of the name of the president of the council , as it sounds funny in english : john of god pine tree ( jo\u00e3o de deus pinheiro ) . 
  the ypg is not a religious group with a religious mission . 
  it 's an independentist group with a left wing ideology . 
  their ideology alone works as an explanation , the role of women is very clear . 
  but comparable % s apply to general violent crime . 
  and it 's more than 1 or 2 women . 
  for example the failed attack with gas canisters in paris last year [ was carried by 4 women ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2016/10/17/498201909/europe-wakes-up-to-prospect-of-female-terrorists ) . 
  they generally are men , but there were already a few female exceptions . 
  even today in tehran . 
  so you see ... 
  `` madeira islands '' are part of portugal and the map completely misses the azores . 
  i was n't saying that it was better . 
  just once again , that islamic terrorists come from all sorts of backgrounds . 
  islam is really the only common denominator . 
  i was just replying to that prejudice that says that all terrorists are petty criminals , often is not the case , like in this case in particular . 
  edit : he was also not in his home town , he was an algerian that studied in sweden and now in metz . 
  was doing a phd now , a brilliant mind one could think . . lol, 
  he was a phd student at metz university . 
  people are being murdered on the streets of europe on a weekly basis now . 
  this trump-sadik episode is sooooooo irrelevant . 
  they should both shut up and do something against terrorism . 
  he was morally 100 % legitimized to do it . 
  i 'm against death penalty , but in situations like this i 'm in favor of shoot to neutralize for good . 
  safety first . 
   the dude was shot , but not killed . 
  so now he 'll burden the french taxpayer for years to come . . fuck . 
  what a waste . 
  edit : not to mention his carbon footprint ... 
  barcelona-madrid seems a more obvious choice . 
   i also wonder how terror-proof this will be . 
  terrorism wo n't be solved with terror-proof technology . 
  also we should n't let it limit technological advancement - that , in itself , is a better anti-terror antidote . 
  `` mosque vandalised '' says the title . 
  `` mosque attack '' says the url . 
  rock thrown into window , says the article . 
  these are suicidal guys but they normally still show some signs of attachment to their own families . 
  i 'm more and more convinced that `` punishing '' the families could be a good deterrent to future attacks . 
  now the big question is how we do this legally and fairly ? 
  i do believe that people are individuals and should be judge as such . 
  but in the case of migrants , if you have a close family member that turns out to be a terrorist and you failed to notice it/denounce it , it 's fair to expel you . 
  there are more people wanting to come to europe than the ones we can receive , so we are entitled to selection . 
  having a terrorist as a family member is a terrible reference , it 's ok to deny you the right to live here in favor of people with healthier family settings . 
  in case of european terrorists it 's trickier to punish the families . 
  but name and shame them could work . 
  and if the terrorists have children , these should go straight to adoption , their family is clearly a failure . 
  once again , i 'm talking about people with a very close contact with mass murderers that completely failed to see it/denounce it . 
  this should n't go without consequences and at the same time this could be the best deterrent for future attackers : `` think about what would happen to your own family '' . 
  it already happened ( breivik ) . 
  does n't change the fact that most terror acts in europe for the past 2 decades were made on behalf of islam . 
  pledging alliance to a terrorist group your country is at war with sounds to be a strong case for arrest . 
  that 's what was done with past terrorists thought , so apparently many imans would and have done it . 
  well portugal is already for almost 200 years without significant war/battles inside its borders , pretty exceptional in europe . 
  last real war episode ( inside our current borders ) was the civil war that ended in 1834 . 
  but true that in the 70s legally most of the country ( nowadays angola , mozambique and guinea-bissau ) was at war . 
   not too high profile on the world stage ? 
  check you meant `` not too big on the planet '' , right ? 
  i mean , we just won eurovision . 
  how can anyone go higher than that on the world stage ? 
  easter island , they almost fought till extinction . 
  the grass already saw lots of blood , it 's true . 
  our biggest threat are clowns , but [ the prime-minister is not intimidated ] ( http://images-cdn.impresa.pt/expresso/2017-06-01-antonio-costa/original/mw-860 ) . 
  i suggest a spiritual retreat in bhutan to improve . 
  `` no cops , no problems '', 
  try the [ pdf link ] ( http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/06/gpi-2017-report-1.pdf ) instead . 
  he meant portugal by `` one has no other neighbours than the ocean '' , right ? 
  can only be us . 
  you have all those threats and new zealand has australia . 
  looking to the amount of african countries above greece , for example , including countries still dealing with guerrilla movements , one needs to be a bit cautious with this ranking . 
  rankings love to have as much countries as possible , but sometimes they just do n't have enough data to give a fair comparison . 
  and often they end up applying the rule : no data on problem = no problem . 
  edit : i was looking to last year 's ranking , greece jumped 8 positions now and for example mozambique dropped 10 , but still ... 
  all these countries tend to be rather green ( iceland is quite green in its most densely populated areas , even if without trees ) . 
  at the bottom is the opposite , just countries known for their arid/deserted landscapes ... just thinking about it ... 
   and had eu products in the shops . 
  are you saying that normally there are no eu products in norwegian supermarkets ? 
  my guess would be that a vast majority of the products come from the eu - just a reminder , sweden is a part of the eu . 
  i liked edeka best , when i was living in germany , but i have to say i prefer much more the luxembourger supermarkets - and not only for the variety of portuguese products they have - they 're much more varied in general . 
  you really get easily all sort of products from the countries around plus portugal and italy . 
  you can also find fresh fish , a thing you do n't see in germany . 
  maybe those are the ones more leaned to go to a german chain ... as discussed above the lidl target-market varies from country to country ... 
  edeka is also my favorite in germany . 
  damn tv ads really work your mind up ... 
  yep , they lack too many big brands ... 
  i 'm really not sure , i imagine that they do n't - at least in some states . 
  but in germany is normal to have alcohol on supermarkets , but i thought it was not in the us ( just like in scandinavia or australia ) . 
  ps : i live in luxembourg , here you can find machines giving free samples of whiskey in supermarket and there 're rhum bottles among the lemons on the fruit section lol , 
  i think that depends on the country ... but maybe in the us they want to pass as sophisticated european chain that even sells wine . 
  it will be interesting to see how this develops , as normally the client-target for lidl will be trump voters and he 's surfing on an anti-german wave right now ... edit : and will they really be allowed to sell wine ? 
  does walmart sell it ? 
  idea for russia 's account on twitter on another issue uniting russia , ukraine and belarus . 
  ah i see , they were atheists and then converted , is that it ?
