read more about the situation before making such a generalization please . 
  as well as blow up the entire parliament of the united kingdom ... 
  if you ignore the sensationalism , the chances of the uk * actually * leaving the eu are close to nil . 
  it 's called democracy mate - the 5million person tail can not wag the 60 million person dog . 
  to be fair , only glasgow and dundee actually voted for independence in the ref anyway . 
  coincidentally , those are the most deprived and poorly educated areas in scotland . 
  at the end of day , it 's democracy - if the majority of the country you 're in vote one way then that 's the way it 's going to work - you ca n't pick and chose . 
  the fundamentals of the subsidy system have not changed . 
  the changing of arbitrary values within the framework i would not count as ` change ' per se . 
  you can not deny that in most of the popular british press at the moment , and even the bbc , there is a palpable sense of growing euroscepticism . 
  not saying this is a good thing , but merely observing that it occurs . 
  the turkish government actively dislikes the kurds and the kurdish minority in its own country . 
  it blames them for the action of the independence-wanting pkk group . 
  so sort of an american style senate / house of reps style system , with the ` senate ' style college designed to stop uk/fr/ger dominating the agenda ? 
  typical headline in a british newspaper ... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2301743/how-invasion-immigrants-corner-england-mockery-pms-promise-close-door.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/pa/article-2815942/uks-eu-contribution-soars-11bn.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2724420/now-need-six-bins-warning-britain-s-biggest-waste-firm-new-eu-rules.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11190452/only-the-spirit-of-fontainebleau-can-reduce-our-soaring-eu-bill.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11201484/human-rights-have-fallen-into-the-hands-of-the-euro-tollahs.html, 
  and some want turkey in the eu ... 
  this is just embarrassing , especially as turkey ( nato member ) ca n't even be bothered to intervene to stop a massacre literally on its doorstep . 
  nice design , though, 
  * do you think this will lead to a more free-market orientated eu with less reliance on protectionist / interventionist policies and regulations ? 
  * what 's your honest opinion of juncker ? 
  * do you think we will ever see cap reform ? 
  * what 's you opinion of british concerns that there is a lack of accountability and culture of profligacy in the upper echelons of the eu ? 
  thanks for doing this ama , 
  britian has done well in giving tax breaks to video game developers , to help them compete with more established american rivals , but many start ups struggle to adhere to the many regulations / bureaucracy the eu has on such products . 
  i agree . 
  people are conflating the russian people with the russian government . 
  i have utmost respect for most russians , the russia government not so much . 
  it 's not a zero sum game . 
  the eu can still be broken * and * cameron can still be an idiot . 
  i think there are many benefits but merkel needs to respect the wishes of other leaders . 
  but to be fair , many of these ` people ' have seen their community 's profoundly and permanently change due to immigration . 
  whether you think that change has been good or bad , that 's up to you , but you can not deny there 's been change . 
  true , but the immigrant birth rate is several factors higher than the native population , once here . 
  ok then , how would you define propaganda ? 
  who is it broadcasting propaganda for ? 
  not the government certainly . 
  there 's a warm communal feel of adventure to sea shanties . 
  jobs and further education . 
  ( but i see your point ), 
  do you think the way germany dominates the export market hinders the ability of other , less developed , eurozone countries to compete and develop ? 
  ( by their low-value currency making goods price competitive if they had one ), 
  because we have very good freedom of press here in the uk , there are loads of news sources and so we would know if it is propaganda ; most big companies and institutions had some sex scandal back in the day , but i think , comparatively , it is perhaps the most impartial and classy media in the world . 
  the sun never sets on the british empire . 
  my extended family lives there ... i 've driven to the coast and in the country the roads are terrible . 
  not trying to make a political point , just saying what i 've experienced . 
  no need to be angry . 
  no it 's not ? 
  much less developed outside dublin . 
  is that you farage ? 
  not quite sure what you mean ? 
  but it is the subsidies from the treasury that are helping improve things surely ? 
  you would know this if you actually read/watched its output . 
   blame and demonise russia . 
  the bbc does n't do this . 
  yes , yes and there are reptiles in the whitehouse and the jews did 9/11 . 
  go back to your cave you conspiracy nut . 
  res, 
  ukraine is russian territory and yugoslavia should be come back . 
  do you think it will be better by the 10th of september ? 
  i 'm meant to be travelling to budapest by train from prague , and then from budapest onto ljubljana . 
  im getting worried . 
  what ?!, 
  for real, 
  you strip for him in las vegas ? 
  we could invade france, 
  they 're part owned by the french ( and i think still british ) govs so they would be sueing themselves . 
  yes , they are in europe , on their extended holiday . 
  hardly surprising when you see `` refugees '' who are young men with smartphones , branded clothes and money for train tickets . 
  no is saying australians ca n't come lol . 
  she means that in the eu , people should only be able to permanently move if they have a work placement . 
  unfortunately the nature of war is that it kills innocents ... did he start the war in anticipation that this was going to happen ? 
  did blair personally oversee the military strategy pursued by the us ? 
  it 's been a decade since the war and people , who know little / do n't remember it , horrifically oversimplify when apportioning blame / praise . 
  he was a damn bit better than camerooon, 
  the entire continent of europe freerides on us military spending . 
  yes , * as well * as a foreign club ... 
   world class football if you watched man u v newcastle at the weekend you may want to retract that statement !, 
  huh ? 
  i think it 's becoming a lot cooler nowadays to follow / support german football teams ( bayern , dortmund etc ) due to their great ticket prices and internationally known super-dedicated fans . 
  but the turnout and election process of meps is so ridiculously absurdly detached from normal people they basically are faceless . 
  we 've done it before . 
  we 'll do it again . 
   zero arguments so far what ? 
  so you can understand why there are sections of the uk population who do n't want their tax money funding road building programs in estonia ? 
  yes , but these are far outweighed by our contributions towards the eu budget . 
  besides , that has little to do with the euro itself . 
  like george osborne demanding interest rates be hiked so the euro strengthens ... dem british exports, 
  too many top eurocrats with egos are undermining the whole system and giving ammunition to the euroskeptics here in the uk . 
  i think you make many unreasonable and unfounded assumptions and claims . 
  i believe that 's been done already ... 
  romanian version of farage ? 
  i see your point , but you can understand that we have an awkward situation where , due to the influence merkel has , no state apart from the ` big players ' ( france , uk , maybe spain/poland ) dare to oppose her . 
  but this is the point of the single market surely ? 
  insofar as you are stronger together than the sum of your parts . 
  do you think she would retire after her next term ? 
  i had heard murmurings from german friends that the opposition are trying to build an anti-merkel coalition but you 're probably right . 
  that is funny , but irrelevant . 
  all i mean is that cameron 's hand is stronger as he is seen to have a stronger mandate and more time on the clock to concentrate on the eu ( and the merkel-hollande cabal know that ) to negotiate ** pre-referendum ** . 
  once germans get a taste of power they do n't tend to let go eh , 
  hope this opportunity for change is used to make the eu a leaner , more effective machine and not just cause a massive rift in eu leaders .
