  and i doubt they have bullet proof vests , as they did n't expect guns . 
  you 're judging from a computer , in a cosy place . 
  in real life , in real time , if you see someone hold something that looks like a gun , especially something looking perfectly like a rifle ( as airsoft guns look pretty close to real guns ) there 's no time to think `` hey , maybe it 's not a real gun '' . 
  it is why , in us the police will shot you if you 're even taking something out of your jacket , `` you may have a gun '' . 
  obviously ukraine is not us , and the possession of guns of is very strict , but if you see a rifle pointed at you , you 'll still shit bricks . 
   i suppose youre advocating shooting any mass protests in the crimea if they start throwing rocks or getting violent ? 
  something like taking over a building for instance ? 
  how did it ever occur to you that i advocate shooting people ? 
  have you ran out of arguments ? 
  because i just told you i do n't advocate using guns and think they should never be used , maybe only as last resort when used as self defense . 
  your examples are very different and do not apply here . 
  nowhere have the institutions been forcefully occupied by protesters . 
  i 'm not an apologist of force , i hate violence and the use of force , and think the authorities were morons for making use of that , they were simply too weak that they had to resort to bullets . 
  however , i can understand the disparate ( i hope we 're not going to argue for this ) use of guns by the police , seeing how well prepared some of the protesters were and brutal in attacking the police force with rocks , molotovs , and some made the grave mistake of using weapons . 
  remember that video with the idiot who brought an airsoft rifle to the riots ? 
  i can absolutely see why in those circumstances the police would have used lethal force , as they may have even though of using them as self defence ( that 's what you do when you see someone holding a rifle pointed at you ... and no , you ca n't know if it 's an airsoft or a real one ) . 
  100 died because hell broke loose one day , unfortunately . 
  but the reason weapons were used is because policemen pretty much had no other means to fight with , as they were getting thrown molotovs and rocks . 
  the whole situation was fucking terrible , with stupid management by ukrainian authorities , should n't have tried to clear the square . 
  but you should keep in mind that in the usa or france or uk , if you throw molotovs at police , you 're just begging to be shot . 
  i think it is . 
  and hope the ukrainians are smart and disciplined enough to not fall for it . 
  they did n't shoot before that night when hell broke loose . 
  but the protesters did take the city hall and other buildings by force , be them rocks/knives/clubs or guns , still the same in principle . 
  and the police were constantly attacked with rocks and molotovs . 
  i do n't know what you red but i kept reading that protesters are justified in picking up arms and shooting the police . 
  which is very wrong . 
  in a more powerful country like france or usa , any protesters throwing molotovs at police would 've been instantly shot . 
  preparing troops is sending a signal . 
  if ukraine plays the cool card and solve the crimea dispute with grace , russia will just mind its own business and simply support russians in ukraine , in order to have leverage whenever the country actually has to make a choice ( elections mostly ) . 
  the only way in which i see the russians would do something ( military wise ) , is ukraine ordering troops to move in crimea in order to make sure they do n't get more autonomy . 
  i do n't think they 're that dumb and neither would the eu let them . 
  crimea might end up getting way more autonomy and rights , and start being a quite privileged region , with both ukrainean and russian money pouring in . 
  of course they may think of that , but there 's nothing they can do . 
  as time goes by both eu and russia will find themselves forced to do more treaties , trade more , cooperate more . 
  oh , my bad . 
  i only once saw them transporting military hardware on the road , but even so you could n't tell what 's being transported , all you saw was a military convoy . 
  all cars were also stopped and forced to sit on the right while the convoy passed in high speed . 
  it was the other way around , people would justify any actions of aggression and violence against the police , basically legitimizing the protesters to use guns . 
   and a home to even more ukrainians . 
  that 's wrong , there are more russian ethnics ( 58 % ) in crimea than ukraineans ( 24 % ) . 
  why idiots ? 
  that is correct , i was n't thinking of ethnicity but citizenship wise . 
  that 's correct , but under extraordinary circumstances everything is possible , any treaty or deal can be broken . 
  i do n't think russia will break crimea off , but they will definitely support crimea to obtain autonomy , so they wo n't have to respect kiev 's decisions . 
  that way , russia will circumvent whatever kiev wants to do about the russian base in sevastopol . 
  uruguay is actually the most european country , as far as i know . 
  exactly , he 's talking about the justification used , which is pretty legitimate : russia must defend its citizens . 
  a large part of the ossetians thought of themselves as russian and had russian citizenship . 
  in crimea , over 50 % are russians : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea so do the math . 
  so basically the article says nothing of interest , russia 's whole black sea fleet is stationed in sevastopol , nothing new . 
  who gives them permission ? 
  they are n't going to do that either way , it would create more tension . 
  it 's pretty serious now . 
  and ukraine wo n't be able to force them to turn around , any , even veiled , threats of military intervention will prompt russia to deploy in order to protect the russian ethnics . 
  eu means our tax money . 
  how about greece ? 
  how about our ruined economies ? 
  i 'm very pragmatical here , i doubt we ( citizens of eu ) really want to sacrifice themselves to help ukraine . 
  so they pushed to get a corrupted official out of prison , awesome . 
  and do n't tell me how clean she is because she 's not , she did the games for eu and russia at the cost of ukraine . 
  russia 's loan is much better than the imf , you 're just speculating . 
  also , the imf is n't someone who believes in ethics or morality , as someone from a country with big loans from imf , i 'll say imf is a very bad choice . 
  about time to end the blood shed , hope this wo n't fail . 
  frozen barrels of powder that no one wanted to solve , everyone just wished it wo n't light and left it there , now they 're getting lit . 
  that 's what 's up . 
  stop being a douche and picking on technicalities , you know damn well what i meant . 
  also , unfortunately , now police have been authorized to use lethal weapons : http://rt.com/news/ukraine-kiev-firearms-weapons-police-934/, 
  i just told you . 
   plus history books need to be rewritten since they do n't qualify . 
  knowing there are crowds of tens of thousands , hundreds would mean a massacre . 
  i hope they wo n't reach it . 
   massacre : an indiscriminate and brutal slaughter of ** many ** people . 
  i guess `` many '' is subjective . 
  thanks !, 
  my bad . 
  a couple of who are policemen . 
  30 from tens of thousands is far from a massacre , you moron . 
  there are lunatics inside the police force as well . 
  ca n't call any of them otherwise , shooting with combat ammunition , dumb fucks . 
  does anyone know if that guy who is seen multiple times laying on the floor is ok ? 
  he 's seen on company of both policemen trying to wake him up/take care of him and others , he 's barely reacting . 
  if they were shooting with live ammo into crowds of protestors we 'd have a massacre , not just a couple of deaths . 
  thing is , no one knows what actually happens , policemen have died as well as protesters . 
  if this brews more , i believe they best decision would be to instal a state of emergency and get the army on the streets to stop any kind of fights between police , titushki , protesters or other loonatics who may have guns and just want to join in the fray . 
  it 's not about being in russia , a day of mourning has been officially declared , it 's not a symbolic gesture for the protesters . 
  exactly why we do n't want to transfer politics into sport competitions . 
  has n't some of the policemen died because of getting shot ? 
  so , some loonatics may have firearms and are ready to use them . 
  so if you know you 're going to get a shitty result , why create even more tension to get the same result ? 
  what kind of war could break out in ukraine ? 
  a civil war ? 
  you must be delusional ... 
  so many armed generals around here that wish for war and conflicts and think everything 's so easy as in video games , generations without war came at a price ... people not knowing what war is . 
  on their own ground ? 
  god help us ... 
   a lot less than 50 % of ukraine is pro-russia . 
  how do you know ? 
  and i do n't mean pro-russia but against opposition , who are the ones who 're leading these protests . 
  it 's probably the only thing that stops more ukraineans from adhering and cutting corruption from its roots .
