  it 's now time for countries with good relations with russia to shine , and negotiate . 
  we need germany to mediate . 
  as for romania , we ca n't even take any measure to protect our brethren in ukraine , 400.000 romanians there , absolutely nothing , not even a message to tell them they are not forgotten . 
  it was false news , you can calm down now . 
  yes , you are right , i will edit . 
  yes , others corrected me . 
   vast majority of the casualties took place before the agreement was signed . 
  i think not existing is a crime , so you 'll definitely get arrested if you do n't . 
  well , who can know ... every country will pretend theirs is the best . 
  i think i was reading that on a military forum a while ago . 
  did you just told me i 'm doing propaganda ? 
  i just told you their reasons . 
  we have n't had good reasons in a war since wwii . 
  they do n't . 
  they have the arena and shtora pro-active defense systems , and reactive armor as passive defense . 
  based on what i red , as i am not a tank expert ( unless experience from world of tanks suddenly counts , haha ) the t-90 is the most dangerous tank right now . 
  who knows , maybe it sucks ass . 
  alone tanks are pretty useless anyway , they are meant to be integrated in a big system ( anti-air , air support , infantry , missile launchers etc. 
  are you joking ? 
  according to most specialists the t-90a is seen as the best tank in the world . 
  not only that , but no one wants it . 
  they can conquer the whole ukraine and we still wo n't see the big guys moving their guns . 
  to protect the right of self determination of the ucrainian regions where russian ethnics are in large numbers . 
  to ensure that the will of the people shall be respected , as many regions do n't acknowledge the new kiev power as being legitimate . 
  yes , you are definitely right about the moment of the agreement , maybe indeed i mistook it with the truce . 
  i can argue that the protesters did occupy other institutions , sending a clear message , and especially after the police understood what happened , i doubt they could 've protected the ukrainian lawmakers . 
  anyhow , the fact that yanukovich lost all authority after the clash is non-debatable in my opinion , even as medvedev officially declared . 
  but we can debate how legitimate are the new guys in power , which are , as far as i know , just the guys before yanukovich , now joint with nationalist groups - that even received some nice positions in the government ( like the minister of defense ) . 
  i can not ignore the facts that they wear nazi banderoles , and follow a dangerous ideology . 
  if there were elections in the whole ukraine , would you have the same government ? 
  the answer seems to be negative , as right now more regions declare they will not follow kiev . 
  my bad , that makes it even worse , ca n't believe they have n't managed to reach a compromise before so many people lost their lives :( . 
  he left after agreement was not kept and the huge clash between police and protesters , when a lot of people died and got injured . 
  that 's when he lost any authority , i doubt even his supporters see him as president anymore . 
  you 're only talking about imports , which russia does n't really depend upon . 
  so it 's not an effect at such a large scale . 
  another thing to take into account is that they are balancing this out through the sell of gas , which now will value more rubles , as the prices are negotiated in euro . 
  it 's just military exercise , and it was announced from weeks ago , as far as i remember , i do n't think there 's anything to worry about . 
  do n't use the term regime as it is quite offending , is usually used on illegitimate , non-elected systems . 
  the laws in the eu/us are enforced , unlike many others in russia where they lenient . 
  for example , you remember that pussy riot thing a while ago ? 
  they would 've been arrested in the eu/us with the first trespassing or vandalism they did . 
  they did a lot more in russia before they got arrested . 
  well , for example the fact that it 's okay for the west to interfere in ukraine , but it 's not okay for russia . 
  do you remember how when protests were huge in kiev , there was quite a popular opinion among redditors that the west should do something , that they should send in troops to overthrow yanukovich and preserve peace . 
  the point is that many people are very interventionist when it suits their beliefs and interests , but not when they are not in their own interest or conforms to their beliefs . 
  another example would be human rights . 
  we the west , tend to see the human rights through a very simple paradigm , that people must be free to speak and act as they wish ( at least i hope we do ) . 
  others see human rights in a different way , that people have a right in having a job , a house and what to eat . 
  the difference between what we call west and russia is n't that big though , russia is a pretty much western country by culture and civilization . 
  but the difference between us and let 's say arab countries , or china or countries of africa , are quite huge . 
  so the authorities of the west have legitimate reasons to arrest protesters , while non-west authorities do n't have . 
  i disagree with both , unless certain exceptions as the one you specified . 
  i know that yanukovich was not desired by the protesters , but still they should 've chosen their leaders better or should have not accepted them . 
  when the leaders go in and sign an agreement , in the presence of other foreign ministers , it is believed that the leaders of the protests will be able to respect it . 
  no one wants to negotiate with people who are n't able to respect and agreement ( and i 'm not talking about protesters but their leaders ) . 
  that is why the negotiations failed , when they should n't have , and the confrontation between the police and protesters should have been avoided . 
  truth is , yanukovich was deposed of power through violence . 
  with continued pressure and continue negotiations involving leaders of all sides , i think this ugly situation we find ourselves in could 've been avoided . 
  and the fact that yanukovich was elected by a majority of ukrainians was a reason of why he should n't have been thrown over by violence . 
  the problem is , kiev does not represent all of ukraine and instead of referendum , they had their own way . 
  what happens now is a cluster fuck as eastic regions do not recognize the new power . 
  edit : i modified the comment as i was wrong in claiming that the killings happened after the agreement . 
  thanks to fellow redditors for correcting me . 
  my bad , you are right , it was `` rented '' ( nu stiu cum se spune in engleza la concesiune ) by chevron . 
  however , the villagers were protesting on their property , where from they were evacuated . 
  the situation is different in sibiu , where william shuster 's private property was trespassed by prospectors , and the gendarmerie did not intervene to protect his property . 
  about chevron having the right to build a prospecting well , it is n't very clear , as they had some authorizations but did not have the local authorization , as far as i remember . 
  however , the complete civil rights suspension remains as very shameful . 
  the nationalists were the most active and organized participants in the protests . 
  they were a minority but still a backbone , i completely see why they got a big bone to chew , but i do n't like that at all . 
   however i do n't think that this is just the return of old corrupt politicians mixed with nationalists , since the `` new old '' are as affraid of maidan as the party of regions . 
  i hope so buddy , i hope so , but so far i only saw the same guys from the orange revolution . 
  the west bombed and invaded sovereign nations . 
  i 'm not saying it 's okay for russia to do illegal actions because of it , i 'm saying we ca n't just act like a bunch of hypocrites holding morality lessons on exactly the same moral grounds we ignored only years ago . 
  we should be constructive , we should meet up with them and find solutions , hold negotiations , reach a damn compromise . 
  and we should do that while it 's still possible , before any shots are being fired . 
  me too , but i know some guys from the same protests , rosia montana , who did get arrested . 
  and a lot more people who were fined . 
  also remember the protests against boc government , the police was really violent and arrested many peaceful protesters . 
   the gendarmerie were legally obliged to intervene and defend private property . 
  i can not stress that enough , the land was not property of the town hall , and not property of chevron , but from what i remember it was actually property of villagers . 
  the same happened in sibiu , where someone 's private property was occupied by fracking prospecters , and the gendarmerie protected the company and not the individual who 's land it was . 
  more on this , the fact that civil rights were lifted from pungesti , with gendarmerie blocking roads and preventing assembly , is completely illegal and unconstitutional . 
  i think protests in russia have a somewhat tendency to turn violent . 
  i remember seeing some videos and saw people being pretty hasty about attacking police forces . 
  some say they are provocateurs paid by oligarchs in power who want to quell the protests . 
  you would n't believe the kind of abuses we have here . 
  for example , a village in romania started protesting against chevron bringing in equipment for fracking . 
  they do n't want fracking anywhere near ( as most romanians ) . 
  result is the gendarmerie came and beat the hell out of the protesters , removed all civil rights , and are now guarding the houses of villagers so they do n't assemble and protest again . 
  have some more information here : http://www.popularresistance.org/battle-in-pungesti-romania-and-fight-to-save-earth/ but keep in mind the article is a bit biased , the interviewed is an active ecologist militant . 
  have you tried going to an unauthorized protest ? 
  try it , see if you can be arrested or not . 
  do we even have political opponents in the west ? 
  apart from the extreme nationalists , everyone seems to have pretty much the same agenda . 
  that 's just my point of view after seeing what happens . 
  truth is , no one knows or can figure out what the russian strategy is , but so far it seems to work fantastic ... just think about it , they secured crimea without one shot , without killing anyone , donetk region and crimea do n't follow kiev anymore . 
  other regions in the east are preparing to do the same . 
  that 's still a bad stereotype we use about the russians , which is quite far from the through .
