  how in the earth would that logic work ? 
  their economical power is not very high , but it 's their military that 's very powerful . 
  no they do n't , you have n't even red the article you gave : `` motorola 's surprising decision to move its final assembly to the us '' ; `` motorola is n't shifting all of its manufacturing to the us just yet . 
  as it is , the texas factory is only used for final assembly -- most of the external and visible parts of the phone are built in asia and then shipped over ; , they just moved its final assembly to the us . 
  which means it 's still chinese/brazilians/argentineans ( as per article ) who dealt with the real burden , with doing all those components that involve lots of chemicals and high toxicity levels . 
  and while the taxes and reglementations in the us are not even comparable to the chinese , the eu ( and especially better developed states who can enforce them ) are even higher and that piles up the cost . 
  and no company is willing to lower profit margins , so it will all be reflected in the end user price . 
   iphones made by poor people in europe or the us would n't cost 1500 . 
  shitty wages exist here too . 
  the wage difference is quite big . 
  for example , minimum wage in china for factory workers could be 200 $ / month . 
  we can obtain the same in romania where regulations are bad and taxes can be avoid , plus children could be still employed , but we want to avoid that , do n't we ? 
  in germany i doubt there 'd be workers paid under 1500 $ / month for it . 
  plus all the costly regulations ( environment protections for example that would really be enforced ) , big taxes and everything , 1500 is the minimum it might cost being produced here . 
  no , the difference would be between 650 and about 1500 euros or bigger . 
  they 'd never reduce their profit rate , because they 're a company who needs to make money . 
  and given you 'd have those choices , i believe almost everyone would pick the 650 euro , no matter how many chinese die in the making . 
  my bad , i thought `` we '' meant all of us in the eu . 
  i still do n't see how uk withdrawing from the eu would fuck up the eu . 
  i know there were some disputes a year or so ago when some of the uk threatened they may leave eu . 
  i do n't understand why we 're doomed if uk withdraws from the eu ? 
  how would it really impact us that badly , please explain . 
  so do we want to pay way more and reduce travel by car ? 
  we could solve the problem of children labor in india and the bad conditions in factories in china , but that would mean paying up way more for your iphone . 
  now , all will say that they want to solve humanitarian problems like these mentioned , but the second they will actually have a negative impact on their lives , then we 'll see who 's actually willing to make a sacrifice , and i 'll tell you there 's very few . 
  that comparison is useless without taking the purchase power parity into account , especially when certain countries build their own products . 
  the purchase power parity is about 4-5 to 1 between germany and russia ( as i remember from an article ) which means for 1 euro , you get 4-5 more stuff in russia ( again , it does n't count on imported products ) than you can buy in germany . 
  again , salary in germany is way higher than russia ( as average ) . 
  have you even read the link ? 
  there is no evidence there . 
  well , this sub-reddit for example is very anti-russian ( speaking of the whole ukraine affair ) but does that mean they 're paid posters ? 
  i 'm not talking conspiracies , but remember when the uk government pushed the guardian hard against the wall ? 
   of course the media will probably have a certain bias given the historical and social factors of the country they operate in you just touched the most important perspective there , thank you . 
   you should not confuse that with propaganda or manipulation like the state concerted propaganda we see from russia . 
  indeed , but have you seen any views in the western mainstream press that would go against the standard western view ? 
  i think there might have been , but i have n't seen any . 
  but i did see it in russia , just read www.themoscowtimes.com , they have a lot of articles that actually go against russia 's standard narrative . 
   russia is one country with a tightly controlled press , which has only gotten worse after the crisis in ukraine , when putin shut down some of the last independent media in russia . 
  that is worrying , no doubt . 
  what 's more worrying are reports ( unverified ) that certain blogs in russia have been blocked for expressing different views . 
  as a conclusion , i believe there is bias in both medias , and i am not sure how much it 's because centralized manipulation and how much their stance is natural because of their paradigm/culture , but the fact that both seem to promote only one narrative ( the one that 's beneficial to its country/alliance/group ) is hard to deny and that is what i view as being of worry . 
  black and white , us vs them , we 're right they 're wrong perspectives lead to bigger differences and animosity between the protagonists . 
  that 's no mp , it 's just a speaker for an ngo :  `` it 's quite possible that in addition to the complaint to the investigative committee we will also file a law suit . 
  and we call on all citizens to join us , '' nils iogansen , spokesman for the trade union of russia 's citizens , the organization behind the initiative ,  the trade union of russia 's citizens is a non-government organization founded in april 2011 . 
  it currently has 3,500 members . 
  among other things , they are calling for the creation of a social justice state , the nationalization of industry , and support for the russia-speaking population abroad . 
  so the title is pure sensationalism . 
  / facepalm, 
  my god you 're dense . 
  western media : hey we 're telling you the truth , the other side spreads propaganda and lies . 
  russian/chinese/insert any random future opponent : hey we 're telling you the truth , the other side spreads propaganda and lies . 
  you 're still not seeing it , are you ? 
  and that 's how you know we 're being manipulated . 
  the other side is bad , evil , does only bad things , they manipulate people , they are not free like us , they can not think for themselves . 
  viewing the world in black and white , or better said the `` us vs them '' concept is the easiest manipulation trick in the book . 
  i think of it as being other way around , anytime i post something that the russian hating hive mind does not agree to , i get downvoted to hell and back . 
  but other than that , i think we 'd have to be naive to believe russia 's so far in the stone age that they did n't figure out the value of public opinion and how to sway it . 
  i 'm pretty sure all big countries are doing it . 
  edit : got downvoted to hell , exactly my point  . 
  because the same reason why maidan protesters got violent and took over buildings and all , although they were allowed to voice their opinion . 
  voicing your opinion is one thing and being hears is another , maidan protesters were n't really being heard , yanukovich was until the last days living in a parallel reality . 
  maybe so it 's the case in eastern ukraine ? 
  they 've been arrested , did not fought so no one got shot . 
  but it 's not like it 's going to end , it 's not something that can be just piled up and hid under the carpet . 
  i hope new authorities wo n't do the same mistakes the last ones in power did . 
  oh , i definitely did not skip that step . 
  but have you skipped the step where they have been protesting for a while in eastern ukraine ? 
  or do you believe this is the first time they protest and demand autonomy ? 
  remember that ukraine is basically split in two , because the east and west parts of ukraine do n't think alike and do n't act alike ? 
  remember that yanukovich was mostly elected in eastern ukraine ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
  theorycraft does n't work for such big wars , them becoming world wars is unavoidable . 
  there 's too many regional powers around that can sway one way or another according to alliances/interests . 
  but to be honest , it 's the same situation that happened in kiev , only the other way around . 
  they occupied buildings with force and refused to go even after negotiations , but the west made big pressures on ukraine to not respond by force , while supporting the protesters . 
  the game is not absurd , but it seems that two can play this game , it ai n't single player as some thought . 
  how about chinese ? 
  i 'll bet anything you want , we got more of those places than portugal has . 
  so this is in a way right , but it 's severely outdated . 
  i think i only heard `` coada de maimuta '' term about once or twice , back in the cafe 's in late 90 's but people would still prefer to use `` arond '' even then . 
  not sure what unabashed means , but for me this consideration is hilarious . 
  i 'm actually very critic and usually do not go with the mainstream so i understand why to people who are seriously anti-russian or pro-western ( as in see it from the western point of view/paradigm ) i may seem as an `` apologist '' . 
  but to call that i find impossible to criticize putin or russia 's actions is going over the fence and shows clear emotional partition ( with us or against us ) . 
  i dislike both narratives and double standards and is why i do not identify myself with neither party , because both russian and western perspective tend to be all-out , black or white options , while my views mostly fit in the middle . 
  you 're not the first to call me names , i 've been called a russian shill , kgb poster , a lot , and i understand why people see it as such , and since 90 % of redditors are westerners and most see through the western paradigm , i fully understand why i 'm considered an apologist or a shill . 
  i do n't mind it , there 's no hard feelings but i want you to know that i do not consider myself as such , and probably if the bandwagoning would have gone the other way , you 'd still see me supporting a different point of view . 
  i took 5 minutes to explain my view/stance instead of calling you something something . 
  the nato bombings were unwarranted and were a war crime in themselves . 
  there i said it and i 'm not a serb . 
  you have no idea what shame a lot of romanians carry for it , because we allowed american bombings from our territory , whilst we 've been quite good neighbours to serbia for a while . 
  international peace corps ? 
  warranted . 
  maybe even dropping a couple of bombs as warning to cripple certain military elements within serbia would 've been warranted , but the vast bombing campaign that killed more civilians than anything and crippled their civilian infrastructure is and will remain completely unjustified . 
  that whataboutism people keep talking about , sounds suspiciously similar to the concept of precedent that is used in american justice system . 
  as a romanian , the idea is very interesting , but being rational about it , there are too many problems , so it 's not viable to do for a while . 
  neither of the countries is doing to good , there are many interests , plus we 'd inherit a lot more minorities ( russians , ucrainians ) that we 'd have to integrate and have special policies developed for . 
  but the main problem is economy ... just look at germany getting together , and both were doing better than romania , west germany had to invest enormous amounts of money . 
  there are also about 20 % comprised of russians and ucrainians . 
  the biggest difference between transnistria and crimea is that transnistria is n't composed of a russian ethnic majority , only about 25 % are russians , another 30 % ucrainians and 40 % moldovians . 
  also , they had many opportunities to annex transnistria , a referendum in 1996 pursued becoming a protectorate of russia , thought russia did n't even respond to this , as far as i know .
