  i also have some friends who went there , they say there were slogans against everyone . 
  not to mention this was sparked by moise guran 's idea of protesting against the whole romanian political class . 
  why is this news and why is it of any interest to anyone ? 
  it 's not like we 'd watch the olympics to see hollande . 
  the protests were agains the whole political class , practically against both the prime minister and the president , which come from rivalling parties . 
  why would they ? 
  they get a lot of money from russia , are under russia 's protection , nothing can happen to them , they have a weird autonomy and lower taxes etc. 
  they also get money from the eu . 
  shit 's going just great for them , why would they care ? 
  where are you living ? 
  are there reglementations to adjust salaries to inflation course ? 
  because here in romania it rarely happens . 
  how come ? 
  salary and debt remain the same , all prices around you go up . 
  you ca n't simply ignore over 20 % of moldovian citizens are ethnic russians . 
  but it 's not about will here . 
  that 's the problem . 
  ukraine is in a fucked up shape and eu does n't really wan na help it . 
  so no matter how much desire they have to get in the eu , if they wan na do what 's best for the country , in these conditions , they will have to say no and play harder until eu finally puts good things on the table . 
  i never understood why ukraine would not be able to play both cards . 
  get great relations with russia while joining the eu commercial zone ? 
  anyhow , russia 's pretty desperate to have ukraine as an ally and in there influence sphere , if ukraine plays that right they are able to gain way more from russia than eu could 've got them on short/med term . 
  probably ... if you can afford it  , do n't think ukraine can right now . 
  beside , they can not simply run from their neighbour , 20 % of ukraine 's population are russians . 
  if your idea is comparing eu to heaven and russia to hell , then it 's way too far fetched for someone to take it seriously . 
  they 're gon na have to trade a part of sovereignty no matter what they choose . 
  that 's in russia 's geopolitical interest , they are not going to give up on that leverage unless a very shitty leader comes or they get something else better in exchange . 
  right . 
  thing is eu wo n't carry dead weight after it , most countries that came in the last decades saw that eu is n't all sugary and unless you have a decent-good economy you will probably only lose . 
  why ? 
  because you 'll no longer have rights to encourage any local production of goods and services , and ukraine ( like romania , bulgaria and a lot more ) can not really compete with germany 's quality/quantity/standards in any way . 
  which means they become a consumer country which in the long term is bad . 
  also , you need to pay your contributions to the eu and the eu funds business is not as easy as it seems ( most recent countries are still failing at them ) so if you can not absorb all that money you 'll be a contributor regardless of your power . 
  for example see this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_statistics by looking at it , you 'd believe romania is a net receiver . 
  however that is wrong , that 's the budget share assigned ( potential money ) and given romania is n't able to absorb all the eu money , we 're actually a contributor . 
  and that sucks because we have no power to actually contribute , we really can not compare ourselves to germany , france or even poland ( who are doing a great job in absorbing every drop of money given to them ) . 
  and you 'll say that germany is at loss since they are top contributor to the eu , but that is wrong because they are also top exporter . 
  for example , germany exports way more to romania than romania exports to germany . 
  that means a huge flow of money goes on to germany . 
  i do n't have any figures , but my common sense says eu is very profitable for germany and developed countries who actually produce goods and are not consumer countries ( like romania or bulgaria ) . 
  so free trade between ukraine and rest of eu countries will be actually bad for the ukrainean economy . 
  and my personal opinion is that ukraine should take its time and not hurry in any way . 
  they have an enormous leverage they can use on the eu . 
  that helped end the war . 
  you do realize that 's a parody , right ? 
  you tell me , i love it when stuff like this happens on reddit . 
  it 's like a movie but it 's ten times better because it 's spontaneous . 
  actually , it 's pretty easy to get a visa for russia as an eu citizen , there were some tests made by journalists here to see how hard it is to get to russia vs get to the us : american embassy is very guarded with lots of cameras and restrictions and a lot of men wearing guns , access inside is hard and you have to go through a lot of checkpoints before you actually get in . 
  after that they need a couple of days to gather info on you and do a background check , require you a lot of things and ask you a dozen question `` why do you want to visit ? 
  '' , `` do you have any relatives there ? 
  '' , `` what is your religion ? '', 
  it 's hard as fuck to get a visa to visit the us on your own unless you got some connections . 
  russian embassy is only guarded by an electric fence . 
  no checks no nothing , you just go inside . 
  they ask what 's up with you and then proceed to tell you `` sure , you 'll just have to fill these and bring a copy of your id card '' . 
  then they go about telling you how to get there and what to do around , what to be aware of , what to avoid , some cultural things and it 's over . 
  so getting a russian tourist visa is easy ( took about an hour ) while getting a us one is very hard ( you have to wait a lot , background checks , much more documents to fill , a lot of questions asked etc. ) . 
  this experiment was done at their embassies in bucharest , may not be the same everywhere else . 
  no , your only argument is that immigrants are bad and the sole solution you see is stopping the immigration . 
  europe has a negative natural sporus ( i hope that 's what it 's called in english ) and needs some immigration . 
  europe wanted cheap labourers so its residents would have a better life ( cheaper stuff ) , it came with disadvantages . 
  i can not fully disagree with you that europe can not take all the birth surplus from other parts of the globe , but it can take quite a lot , and it has the resources to invest in them to bring them to a higher level . 
  europe needs to figure out policies to increase the birthrate otherwise we 'll be swarmed no matter what . 
  ira was not muslim , era was not either . 
  you came with limited examples , i give you the same . 
  my point was merely that it 's not the nationality but the education that makes the man . 
  crimes are made mostly by people with a low education level ( which leads to low life perspectives etc. ), 
  and in the big group of people with low education immigrants are over represented , because most of them come from areas where it was hard to get any education , where you had to work as a child and barely had what to eat . 
  we see what you mean , the problem is you do n't see , or do n't want to see further , what is causing the problem and what are the solutions . 
  and the biggest problem of all , is most people believe the solution is spending enormous amounts of resources and personal freedoms for security . 
  i fully agree and i believe you 've expressed this point of view much better than me . 
  about as understandable as the actions of the guy hijacking the bus . 
  i guess it all makes sense then , he was n't the bad guy , the immigrants are the bad guys , his acts are totally justifiable . 
  one one side , i agree with you , but on the side of believing in equality and undiscriminating law application , i 'm happy he was treated just like everybody else . 
  kasparov used to be incredibly loved in russia ( afaik ) until he started getting involved in politics , which reduced him to just another politician :( . 
  i 'm not being casual . 
  it 's horrible and disgusting , but there really ca n't be all solved , and such incidents turn people into growing security and surveillance which lead nowhere . 
  not to mention the growing hate on muslims . 
  wait five hundred more years for it . 
  my comment was meant to be a plead against increasing law enforcement and the security machine . 
  it 's impossible to stop them all . 
  the problem is not the fact that they 're muslim ( unless radicals ) but the fact that they have very low education . 
  the state should use resources to bring them up and try to integrate them rather than spend it on surveillance . 
  it 's not going to reduce them . 
  how about that norwegian guy that made a massacre a couple of years ago ? 
  did he immigrate ? 
  can we just stop being so shocked ? 
  these acts can not be stopped , it 's still gon na happen from time to time . 
  it 's not about muslims or terrorism , it 's about loonatics , you can not stop a crazy man . 
  good thing is they happen pretty rare . 
   i think that unite us as ** humans ** , no matter how good things are , we can always complain and whine about how they could be better . 
  fixed it for you . 
  it 's also amazing how imf can get with fucking other countries affairs . 
  demand change from what , change from russian culture ? 
  the elections are legit , there were no real problems with the registration of candidates . 
  but yes , there are a lot of violations and the process of voting is a lot of times fucked up . 
  this happens in most former communist countries a lot . 
  so you believe the presidential elections were skewed and it 's not putin who had the most votes , but the communist leader ? 
   a threat to take one a part of russian territory ? 
  i hope not , that would n't be smart .
