  how about we ask the western supports of the coup/revolution in ukraine . 
  did they know it would lead on to this ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll say yes but it 's worth it . 
  russia stated numerous times that they want ukraine as a buffer zone and they see it as vital space . 
  plus the russian ethnics that ca n't be ignored . 
  but we just pushed and pushed . 
  same with the shield . 
  we see russia testing icbm 's again ... of course we do n't like it , we do n't even want to hear of icbm 's ... but can we not really understand that it was done as an announced reaction to the missile shield ? 
  they told us loud and clear they do n't like it . 
  we went ahead , they went ahead and developed new ballistic missile which can penetrate the shield , and we 're still crying foul ? 
  i agree with the exception that russia could n't be in the eu sphere of influence per se , but partners who 's sphere of influence , economic and other interests ( demography , islamification etc. ), 
  suddenly start to converge . 
  russia is very stable , and we are lucky to have it this way . 
  i think a weak , unstable 90 's like russia is far more dangerous . 
  of course they wo n't be in our sphere of influence , but we can be partners , and the more economical integrated eu and russia are , the more hard for either part to challenge the other party 's interest . 
   ( 1 ) what do you think is the popular opinion in europe re : sanctions against russia ? 
  do you maybe have some data for your country about this question ? 
  i think it 's split , depends on country . 
  but i do n't think either party ( for/against ) is over 60 % . 
  i do n't have any data for romania , but we 're pretty russophobic so i see the majority going for anything that would hurt russia . 
  i believe the more educated to be against , as they would see how it could return to bite our ass . 
   ( 2 ) what is your personal opinion about it ? 
  are sanctions morally justified ( assuming russia proceeds the way they seem to do , practically annexing crimea ) ? 
  and if they are morally justified , can europe stand the economic fallout that might result ? 
  morally justified ? 
  not really , as we never took any actions in far worse situations where people were actually killed . 
  we should firstly sanction ourself it it was about morality , for supporting libya , irak and even syria . 
  more over , i do n't think it would help our ( eu ) interests in any way . 
  distancing yourself from your `` opponent '' means both have to shout harder to make themselves heard by the other party , and most times , a lot of it will get lost on the way . 
  about the economic fallout , i 'm sure we can stand any economic fallout , just as russia can . 
  but do we want economic fallout ? 
  do we want to decrease our economies ? 
  remember that this is n't the world against russia as they are not nk , or even iran . 
  they have very powerful allies , with brics countries having almost half of the globe 's population . 
  surprisingly ? 
  not at all . 
  ukraine was the most important character behind transnistria . 
  it was they who pushed most for transnistria 's break free and gave support . 
  check [ this map ] ( http://adevarul.ro/assets/adevarul.ro/mrimage/2013/01/15/50f5a73e7bdf470905482381/646x404.jpg ) to understand why it 's important to ukraine . 
  also , have a look at the ethnic structure of [ transnistria ] ( http://historymaps.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/transnistria-harta-etnica-2004b.jpg ) . 
  russian and ukrainian interests were until now more or less aligned . 
  but now we see a violent rupture , and each will see a new course . 
  russia has 1200 soldiers in transnistria , that they are only under control of russia and not under control from transnistrian authorities ( who say they have an own army ? ) . 
  transnistria was lead until 2011 by an ethnic russian which received huge support from russia , [ igor smirnov ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/igor_smirnov ) but in [ 2011 's elections ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistrian_presidential_election,_2011 ) a new figure won , an ethnic ukrainian named [ yevgheny shevciuk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yevgeny_shevchuk ) and even a runner up ( as igor smirnov got only 3rd place ) was another ethnic ukrainian named [ anatoly kaminski ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatoliy_kaminski ) . 
  so transnistria right now is more ukrainian leaning . 
  it 's really important to see what happens next , because it 's going to be a 3 way battle between moldova/romania , ukraine and russia . 
  transnistria already is home to 14th russian army . 
  get your fact right . 
  correct . 
  it 's not as in threats , fear for your life etc. 
  but voting is always made under pressure , under pressure from both groups ( as they are usually formed ) , and the group which you did n't vote along side with , might want to oppose you on other matters , even if they 're irrelevant , just for payback . 
  i think those 8 abstaining should count as no . 
  they probably did n't want to vote no , because they knew it was minority and do n't want to face any heat for it anytime later . 
  also :  78 mps said yes to crimea joining russia , while 8 abstained from voting . 
  what vote ? 
  there was never a popular vote !, 
  it was a vote of the mp 's of crimeea 's parliament , and it was not 100 % afaik . 
  but he already promised to start pouring money into it . 
  same with eastern ukraine , he said it live , in a press conference . 
  also , ukraine will go through a very , very tough decade once they accept the imf . 
  reforms , instability , unemployement will sky rocket at first . 
  why would the eastern , richer regions of the ukraine , prefer to pay that debt instead of the economic promises made by russia ? 
  but holding russian troops in crimeea costs money ... 
  india , who is a member of brics ? 
  and has great deals with russia all around ? 
  building military with help from russians ? 
  i doubt it . 
   a nation that has been invaded then voted to join the invaders crimeea is not a nation . 
  the fact that the majority are russian ethnics , makes them unable to see the russian forces as invaders . 
  russia 's no fire rule was probably specifically so they wo n't be seen as invaders by the locals . 
  if blood was spilled , they might have been seen different even by russian ethnics . 
  but then again , we could 've done the same in kosovo , did n't we ? 
  how about turkey ? 
  i think they 're close to topping china on it . 
  no / u/anarchisto , you know that the 117 % was a mistake of the news station , do n't use such lines . 
  it 's a red line for russians . 
  they are going to go to war over ukraine . 
  it 's simply more important for the than for us . 
  and we do n't want war , do we ? 
  i for one , definitely do n't . 
  just like yanukovich did to the protesters ? 
  oh wait , it 's cool if they do it to pro-russians . 
  let 's be honest here , if the crimea people want to go russia , let them bloody do it and let 's get over with it . 
  have an upvote , you should 've posted this link from the start , the first one does n't have real information . 
  how do they know they were military personnel of the russian federation , that 's what i ask . 
  the article says : `` that soldier 's name is medvedev , ... and medvedev is prim minister of russia , so it 's clear the soldier is russian '' . 
  how did they show that they are liars ? 
  i also believe there are russian troops spread in crimea , but how can they prove it ? 
  bad title , i thought they found medvedev ( the prim minister of russia ) sitting idle in an ukrainian unit . 
  not entirely correct . 
  when the president is sick or missing , head of senate or prim minister will act as temporary president until the president returns . 
  if he does not return , then they can start the impeachment procedure . 
  and it 's not only about the votes . 
  the procedure , to be done in a transparent and democratic way , simply takes way longer :  investigating commission , composed of special prosecutor and special investigators to conduct an investigation . 
  the conclusions and proposals of the ad hoc investigating commission shall be considered at the meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  on the ground of evidence , [ ... ] rada will remove by 3/4 of votes . 
  more , the constitutional court was basically dismissed . 
  in any democratic country the constitutional court is the basis of the state , they judge if actions/laws respect the constitution or not . 
  from wikipedia :  ukraine 's parliament dismissed five judges of the constitutional court on february 24 for violating their oaths , who were then investigated for alleged malpractice . 
  again , the parliament could not simply dismiss the judges of the constitutional court and investigate them for alleged malpractice .
