   and what you said does n't offer any sort of explanation of the complexity , it just relativizes the issue . 
  because i 'm sure most know how complex the situation is , they only need to be reminded at times to leave the bias and emotions beside . 
  people do n't really understand that what goes around , comes around . 
  yes it 's pretty easy on imposing sanctions on relatively isolated countries like nk or even iran . 
  but ukraine ? 
  in the middle of europe , and with huge borders to russia ? 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  you realise ukraine is right next to them and is very important ? 
  russia still has a very impressive and capable military , they are not able to project force on the globe , but right next to them they 'll do it better than anyone . 
  i ca n't believe it there are silly fucks pleading for a military intervention in europe . 
  we had enough wars and we know what happens if a situation gets very tense here , we 've been relatively peaceful for the last 60 years , you do n't want that to end !, 
  so what should happen if there are thousands of people who wo n't stop protesting , are ** lead by opposition ** and are protesting for something that another 50 % of the country are against . 
  this is more complex than you 're making it sound . 
  it 's a very good percent of growth , the 6 % growth was based mostly on services and consumption , and was generated by eu 's small boom . 
   then again , for fairness , occasionally we do make the right decision i guess . 
  i see some similarities to gps navigation ( which is much smaller in importance , of course , but still breathtakingly expensive infrastructure ) . 
  we all rely on the us owned gps system , knowing that it is completely within the us ' ability to downgrade the precision of the system if they ever deem it necessary . 
  took a few years , but galileo is now well on its way . 
  right now most newer gadgets also support glonass , so there 's more reliability behind finding out a position . 
  in just a couple of years , we 're going to have 4 satellite positioning systems , gps , glonass , galileo and compass , and then , beside the very increased reliability , controlling of entities over such abilities will be pretty small . 
  also , it 's worth noticing that it was a deliberately made famine , there was enough food produced here but a big chunk of it was going for exports . 
  and this started in late 70 's , i the late 60 's and early 70 's there was no such thing as shortages , in fact life was pretty good during that time . 
  is gagauzia receiving resources from moldova ? 
  might be just a case of `` hey , we 're still here and we 're still poor , help '' . 
  no , because the population is split in support . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  good signs as we 're getting less dependent on russian energy . 
  i see you are arguing that russia lacked a strong and consistent foreign policy because they used their energy supplier statute as leverage . 
  i argue that they use it just because they have a strong and consistent foreign policy , it was very predictable every time as it is their only powerful enough leverage , excluding military action ( which the russians are very reluctant to make use of ) . 
  can you also give ma a source on norway overtaking russia in 2013 , please ? 
  i 'm very interested in reading about it . 
  does it mean that europe/germany lacks a strong and consistent foreign policy when they leverage russia with investments ? 
  as in the short ruso-georgian war where europe threatened to cut down investments in russia . 
  in sco they lost no prestige , lost no partners , nothing . 
  it was just a statement , and they lacked a good enough context to make that statement , so had to do it there . 
  it was harmless , do n't get why you 'd think otherwise . 
  syria was no major purchaser of russian arms , as far as i remember they do n't account for even 10 % of total russian weapon sales . 
  that port in syria , is mostly a repair port , is small and does not have facilities to make for a good base . 
  i 'm assuming you mean that exposing troops in a war theater is a big cost to russia , i disagree and here 's the refutal : - opposition does not control most of the populated country , but actually quite few of it - areas where chemical weapons exist , are not in opposition controlled territory - opposition attacking chemical dismantle/transport troops would be a win for russia , it would play right in their game - if the opposition hates russia for supporting assad , we can assume the government hates western powers for supporting the opposition , and since the weapons are in government controlled territory and it 's not just russians but also western europeans who are in syria securing transfer of chemical weapons , then it 's a big cost for them . 
  the situation right now is very favorable to assad . 
  it 's impossible to win as in restore the country to 4 years ago , but instead win means having control over most of the important cities and populated areas . 
  and right now , for the past 6 months they are actively pushing opposition out of every strategic point . 
  i 'll agree with part of what you mean on syria . 
  but i 'll completely disagree on the part that it costs russia more . 
  no , it does n't and they do n't need syria that much , they do n't even care about assad , they just would n't want gulf states/american interests moving in so close . 
  it does n't cost them anything to remove those chemical weapons , and it provides them with much needed security needed in the actual context . 
  russia is way more scared of terrorists and chemical weapons than usa will ever be , because it 's russia who shares an enormous and impossible to secure border . 
  i do n't believe the americans have that much interest in syria either but they 've been pushed for it by their allies , it 's a game of saudi vs iran for regional power . 
  without russia having syria 's back , western/gulf states would 've installed a new system long ago , so the fact that assad is there and everything seems to predict the current system will win , it 's a huge blow for american interests , in the form of their allies/partners interests . 
  i view russia to be very predictable in how they act , extremely predictable . 
  what gives you the sentiment that russia is unpredictable is their game , which is different from what western powers or china is using . 
  russia always always acts on its own interest , even when not completely visible , and they are usually not sugar coating their strategy . 
  give me an example of russia foreign policy being short termed , or unpredictable . 
  for me it 's quite simple why they asked that in the sco and did n't even push too much for them . 
  they did n't care about getting it recognized , they just wanted to let the world know they intend on considering the two countries as sovereign and will protect their interests . 
  so you do n't see the purpose of russia going to sco and asking them to recognize abkhazia and south ossetia ? 
  i completely disagree , as from my point of view , and as all facts lead up , i see russia as probably the most cold blooded and calculated actor on the world politics scene , and their foreign policy has made enormous wins in the last years ( as syria 's case for example ) . 
  i disagree , russia 's foreign relations and diplomacy are extremely great , they are not emotional but very calculated to fit their plans . 
  if dealing with a smaller partner , their plans will most times not even take the partner into account . 
  however , in eu 's case , they could n't do that as they view eu as a powerful actor , capable of matching russia ( just like they view china and usa ) , and because they need the eu , regardless of their realpolitik games . 
  but that works both ways . 
  we ca n't piss them off then expect them to try and be friendly . 
  it matters way more than what italy 's napolitano says because : - russia is huge - russia 's a big military power - russia has a lot of geopolitical influence and leverage - russia has enormous resources everyone else needs, 
  why ? 
  it would be very advantageous for the eu and very disadvantageous for the euroasian union . 
  but since it 's the de facto leader of eurasian union wanting to do a trade zone , why would n't it work ? 
  that sounds tedious , they 're not going to be a vassal , give up the independence , sovereignty or autonomy of the country no matter their path . 
  although they will have to bend to regulations on both sides , eu or the euro-asia union . 
   many of them fucking worship that scumbag stalin my understanding is they only see him as a `` hero '' because its during his time ussr managed to win the war and survive ( it felt more like a battle of survival for them , rather than fighting nazi ideology or whatever , it 's why they call it the great patriotic war ) . 
  but they do n't worship him and he 's equally despised for all his deeds . 
  it 's worth noting that ukraine was the third nuclear power in the world in 1993 , they gave it to russia after russia and the usa signed a treaty that would guarantee ukraine 's integrity . 
  so the protesters are now demanding they sign the trade agreement with the eu and give the money back to russia ? 
  besides the foul language , we do n't even know what happened with those molotovs , since no protester has been hit by them . 
  there are cameras and photographs rolling 24/7 , and it would be fairly easy to hit someone with molotovs , considering how many people are in the square . 
  however , we have no proof anyone has been hit by a molotov , except for the riot police , whom we saw pictures of , being on fire . 
  same happened in romania . 
  but it 's worthy to note , that there are enough stupid people looking to provoke fights , even without them . 
  they may be , but unless eu steps up on their offer and gives ukraine money , leaving russia would be a suicide . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
  protecting institutions would n't make them side with anyone . 
  you know what ? 
   they genuinely hate people on the other side of the barricades . 
  this is really ... really scary . 
  it 's also very scary if protesters genuinely hate berkut/militias/authorities . 
  if more vital institutions get occupied , they might declare a state of emergency and have the army protect those buildings . 
  can you give us more details about spilna sprava ? 
  who are they ? 
  are they pro-government ? 
  do ukrainians believe this is a plot , in order to force the declaring of emergency state because of institutions are no longer able to do their duty ? 
  what are they trying to achieve by occupying and preventing the ministry of justice 's duty ? 
  would they be on the streets like that ? 
  would n't they be in high numbers first place and try to move in stealth not talking to everyone on the streets ? 
  it makes no sense for them to be russian troops , unless they were called in to guard on russian embassy or consulates . 
  and since there 's de facto control , i do n't know why we find this surprising . 
   i do n't think dividing the land in 2 would work , nor would any party accept that deal . 
  another interesting fact to keep in mind , is russia and the united states have signed treaties with ukraine to guarantee for the integrity of their country , in exchange of ukraine giving away their nuclear missile stockpile in 1993 . 
  back then ukraine was the world 's third nuclear power , as they inherited thousands of nuclear weapons from the ussr . 
  not respecting such high promises gives a clear case of what would happen when russia/us require other possible nuclear powers to give up their weapons . 
  well , at this time , there are -15 c in kiev . 
  if they start using water cannons on the crowds and get them soaked wet , they 're gon na get many sick or even killed .
