you suppose but you 're wrong . 
  and i clearly disagree with your first line . 
  why would anyone send money for weapons instead of sending money for the children living in poverty ? 
  or anyone living in poverty ? 
  or sick people who ca n't take care of themselves ? 
  or for ongs who do good things in a country ? 
  if you have to choose someone to fight against , russia would be at the bottom of the list . 
  because they 're an enormous country with incredible potential , because they can hold their own weight , and because of their spirit , they will fight this in a very bloody way . 
  against . 
  they now have russian citizenship so it no longer matters . 
  de facto means who can exercise control over it , and here is nothing left to dispute . 
  you 're refering to legal affairs which is a different thing . 
  i do n't think you understand what de facto means . 
  you have to be joking ... 
  the geopolitical war started with maidan . 
  to be honest , the term terrorist/m has and is used in absolutely anything you want to make look bad . 
  i think the term lost quite a lot of its initial value , so it may be possible that they view terrorism the way ukrainians view separatism and call it russian backed terrorism . 
  unless your currency has a great parity with the euro , it 's pretty much all disadvantages on entering the eurozone . 
  looks like any uberly corrupt oligarch is a freedom hero if he goes against russia 's current leadership , without any regards to how hated this guy is in russia ( how did you think he got rich ? 
  by being innocent ? 
  well said . 
  not 100 % but most young people are thinking of leaving romania and going for a better place . 
  do we want to find out how the russians would respond if nato starts building bases in ukraine ? 
  not even their territory . 
   no we did n't create it . 
  yes , it was created from the outside . 
  there were lots dissatisfied with assad , but the real rebellion was propped by foreign powers . 
  from insatisfaction to rebellion is quite a long way . 
  to be honest , we 're not exactly sure what happened in ' 89 , most circulated theories point it as a russian backed coup d'etat done by the second echelon of communist party members . 
  the insatisfaction felt by the most people towards the regime was legit . 
   assad like hussein is also a baathist tyrant and the chaos there happened without us intervention while not getting directly involved , the us ( and many other foreign countries ) did create this rebellion that wreaked havoc in syria . 
  growth as a country and growth per capita are two different things . 
  what this image shows us is the gdp per capita , related to growth per capita . 
  both india and china have the same problem , while they have tremendous growth rates , their per capita growth is small . 
  it 's exactly what / u/idle _ villager said . 
  can buy anything in the world regardless of sanctions , unless the sanctions are globally enforced ( all countries in the world , or at least all big ones ) . 
  if poland exports milk at the same price , and it passes through belarus which processes it and adds their own profit margin , it 's going to be more expensive than it was before . 
  i do n't have any information on that . 
  if that 's the case maybe this should get more attention to it and transform it into a an efficient one . 
  ok fine , neither poland or romania can into space any more . 
  we not of stronk :( . 
  it 's probably not that russia are circumventing them , but belarus is feeling like a businessman . 
  because russia can not have a manager but a leader . 
  a manager would not be powerful enough to hold everything together , it 's a huge country with a shitload of interests meeting head to head , and it 's institutions are far from being powerful enough to stand on their own . 
  maybe this will work in a decade or two , but right now , russia simply can not afford to not have a very authoritarian leader . 
  though they did n't ban just polish milk , they banned a lot of agricultural products from the entire eu . 
  it 's quite hard to outcompete the russian domestic dairy factories since the price will obviously be bigger . 
  it may only compensate for a market share if the russian internal production is not sufficient . 
  though , we do n't know what price poland will be selling it , maybe they 'll do discounts and sell them cheaper to belarus , because that would be smart and make the final products still competitive on the russian markets . 
  everyone wins . . oddly . 
  there has been a romanian in space , has any pole been in space ? 
  the message of 9/11 was pretty clear too , withdraw american troops from middle east . 
  desperate freedom fighters or terrorists ? 
  one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist it seems . 
  they did , after russia somehow banned import food from norway too , some should 've told them they 're not in eu . 
  their reports are very good and impartial about stuff not involving russia . 
  so basically russia ca n't live without polish apples and will get them from belarus , while looking tough and menacing , hiding the apple from their hand : `` what , me eating polish apple ? 
  no , i 'm eating borsch . . i do n't care why it looks like an apple , it 's not !, 
  oh , he was very . 
  which makes / u/politus 's point stronger . 
  yes , bulgaria would love to be included in anything and feel like they are bigger/powerful than they actually are . 
  hell , we 'd love to be there too :( . 
  russia needs to deal with the huge levels of alcohol abuse first ( i 'm not saying it 's easy or that i have any solution ) in order to deal with the homicide level , since they probably are profoundly connected . 
  everything is fascism or terrorism nowadays . 
  i do n't like you , you fascist terrorist . 
  it seems that too few key political actors got the message . 
  psd which is romania 's so called center-left party , has so little left in them that it 's an insult calling them leftists . 
  that 's pretty weird , maybe this deal was politically forced by both sides in the end ? 
  i ca n't imagine negotiation until 4 am and reaching the deal at that hour . 
  woah , where did you get that gif from ? 
  i nominate it no1 gif of the year !, 
  lucky for them , there 's no such situation between russia and china as was crimea 's case - which was a very complex situation . 
  what kind of a failed argument attempt is that ? 
  you want to argue that the west was not involved in the maidan movement and the ousting of yanukovich ? 
   people might get sick of russia lording over their nation and calling all the shots . 
  why do you assume russia was calling ukraine 's shots ? 
  those in western ukraine never liked russia anyway , but those in the east did and still do . 
  by the same logic the us should be split by european nations ... 
  there are different situations , russia and ukraine were one country for a long time , it 's not russian emigrants . 
  russia 's quite stable and predictable , unlike ukraine or belarus . 
  even turkey seems quite stable , but there 's quite some tensions . 
   i would n't be surprised if putin got overthrown at some point . 
  i doubt the west have enough power to start something there , but you can never know . 
   does that mean china can come in and grab a piece or two from russia ? 
  are there any parts that have a weird history between china and russia ? 
  parts with a majority of chinese ethnics ? 
  we did n't expect a violent overthrow of a democratically elected president either . 
   no , there are not . 
  what the hell , where do you get your info from ? 
  yes they are , where do ** you ** get your info from ? 
  / r/europe ? 
   it 's their right ; hungary will have to deal with it ; this is not the 19th century anymore . 
  if hungary does indeed wish for the hungarian minority to preserve their identity then it should do its best to aid ukraine into getting closer to eu . 
  that makes no sense . 
  their interest is either to break that part and take it home , or gain more leverage in ukraine . 
  that while at the same time , getting their votes . 
   these are the allies who have been , for 22 years already , trying to attract ukraine into eu . 
  how can you assume that they are going to be the ones to split the country even more . 
  this is beyond ignorant , honestly . 
  they probably figured by now that bringing ukraine into eu is not an easy task , the country is too divided and has too many problems .
