  i believe the reason why destituted so many people and appeared so pissed off is because he 's actually been fed with misinformation right then , that 's why he gave that weird declaration when actually nobody knew where the wreck is . 
  that 's true from a certain point of view . 
  but the path is in the first place economical and russia 's offer is way better than eu 's . 
  in fact , choosing russia 's offer is the only choice viable from an economic point of view , as ukraine is pretty much broke , and russia 's the side that chose to offer them aid and reduce the gas price by a third . 
  but eu making a better offer and aiding ukraine , would upset some of its members , since it would mean they would have to cut money from some places to pour it on ukraine . 
  and there are other countries with financial problems in eu who care more about themselves than of ukraine . 
  but the problem of political affinity for the population of ukraine still remains , as some ( especially the west part ) have a desire for political alignment with the eu , while another part ( especially the eastern part ) have a desire for political alignment with russia . 
  as someone living in a very corrupt country , very similar to ukraine , i fully support any protest against the corrupted political class that has taken over their countries since '90s . 
  i fully understand them and their desire to get rid of the corrupt politicians and turn the country into a real working democracy ( which is n't just having elections , real democracy means having transparent and powerful institutions , in which people can trust ) . 
  as someone who has a keen interest and follows the geopolitical/economical scene , i 'm disappointed that too many people do n't understand what the demands of the protests are and that they are organized/supported by the opposition ( part of the same corrupt political class ) . 
  no one seems to actually comprehend that this is not about democracy or freedom ( except the last completely ridiculous laws passed by the ukr government , the current power was still elected ) but a choice in ukraine 's future , which does n't seem bright no matter the path . 
  it 's also very important to note that there is n't a majority that is fighting against the government , there is a rift in the public opinion of ukraineans , some desire that their country chooses one path , while another part desires another path . 
  as someone who lives in a country neighbouring ukraine , i am a bit frightened that there 's a chance this may end in a civil war , which would destabilize the whole region . 
  as a mere individual , i fully support the right of anyone to peaceful protest , and condemn the force actions of police against peaceful protesters . 
  not only that , but the army would have to step in . 
  the police are n't trained and it 's not their job to fight people with guns . 
  hopefully that 's never going to happen , and i do n't think getting a gun should be in any protester 's mind . 
  from getting a gun to using it is just a small step and the temptation might be high . 
  just because you saw that video with tanks in ukraine on the front page of reddit ? 
  no one has any idea what 's up with those tanks , but armies do regular movements of tanks and troops for exercise reasons , so it 's not that uncommon . 
  and sending in army , would be a very bad measure , yanukovich would lose support even of pro-russian people and of russia itself . 
  bringing in army to quell non-armed protests is a great way to start a civil war . 
  no one has anything to gain on that , neither ukraine , eu , russia or ukraineans on either side . 
  it 's hard . 
  it 's very hard , after we see all the shit happening in our countries ( though to be honest , canada 's heaven compared to romania ) , after we try to peacefully protest against that crap and we get the riot police to shut us up , it 's enormously hard not to have a feeling of anger at the sight of government/riot police doing what they know best , beating up innocent protesters ( because honestly , it 's always the innocent guys that get caught while the provocateurs ran their ass off ) . 
   i am not sure why at a time of unrest such as this there could not be snipers posted with a mandate of defending government assets like city hall , etc. 
  but again , why snipers ? 
  the idea of snipers is that they ca n't be spotted , therefore it 's the most inefficient idea ever , to intimidate crowds . 
  there can be water canons , and layers of riot control forces to defend institutions . 
  those are visible and definitely make you think twice about assaulting them . 
   i agree that this is n't homs , there are n't snipers indiscriminately killing civilians . 
  what you say here , makes a good point and it would be interesting to see who the guy killed by the assumed sniper shot was , and if there was any motive anyone would actually go out of their way to kill him . 
   look at this picture . 
  the abrasion could n't be caused by rubber , and the impact is too small to be a plastic baton round . 
  i 'm skeptical that this was caused by a rifle round , but there 's no debate that there is live ammunition being used . 
  first , we do n't know if that 's the picture of an actual round hitting it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/riot_gun read this please . 
  some of the things used for riot control , can be very lethal . 
  there was a case , here , two years ago , when a guy was hit , from about ten meters , with a gas round , and it fractured his ankle . 
   otherwise i think you 're making an interesting point . 
  i was part of the student protests in quebec in 2012 , and my experience was very dissimilar to yours because the protesters were overwhelmingly non-confrontational and there were no media on our side save for university media ; but i guess that the situation in kiev is closer to what you have experienced , in terms of both culture and demography . 
  i followed the student protests in montreal for a while , they were huge and i fully supported them , it 's too bad they got no media coverage , i only red about it on reddit and blogs . 
  i think they are using improvised bows with improvised arrows , not professional bows ( http://targeteersarchery.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/slide51.jpg ) that can be deadly . 
   protesters anywhere demanding more freedom from their state are they ? 
  ukraine is democratic , the bad way of democracy , but still . 
  i know they are demanding to sign the eu trade agreement . 
  at least they were , right now the government made them fear they could end up in jail when this is over , given their new anti-authorized protests law . 
  the only thing eu can really do is do real negotiations with kremlin over this situation to reach a compromise , that would satisfy both pro-european protesters and pro-russian people . 
  i have been in protests and i know the general feeling and how everything is felt from down there . 
  fear makes you feel everything 10 times more powerful . 
  for example , in a protest in bucharest last autumn , we pushed through the gendarme cordon , and they riposted with gas ( which was , honestly , to be expected ) while some went screaming `` they 're shooting at us '' , `` they 're coming for us '' etc. 
  then everyone panicked , and journalists on our side wrote that the gendarmes are gassing and beating protesters . 
  so , you see ... it 's very easy to exaggerate when you 're down in the fray of events , fear makes everything seem more dangerous than it is . 
  to conclude , a part of the police forces deal a great show of zeal , some are completely moronic , shooting gas straight in the crowd ( opposed to shooting over the crowd or somewhere where it wo n't hit someone in the head ) which can deal a lot of damage to a person getting hit . 
  they do a lot of crappy things , they sometimes beat protesters caught alone etc. 
  they act on orders , but there 's still individual judgement involved , some refrain from using all force , while others are overwhelm with joy when they can unleash themselves against protesters . 
  but snipers are a completely different thing . 
  snipers are being sent to kill , not intimidate or instill fear , and they work on clear orders . 
  it is why , i truthfully doubt snipers have been deployed here . 
  using combat ammunition is totally different from using riot control ammunition , but even the last can kill and cause injuries . 
  there 's a lot of tension in romania and bulgaria as well , both have seen quite big movements this past autumn and problems seem to be far from resolved . 
  there 's also a gun powder barrel in moldova and transnistria , whose fuse may get fired in the near future . 
  i believe belarus regained their economical stability and growth , so it 's not to be expected unless the governments does something outrageous ( which by all news - although few - does n't seem to happen ) . 
  yes . 
  i just gave you my common sense thoughts on the matter . 
  it 's good to trust people on the ground , but remember that they usually exaggerate everything and try to spread fear and panic , making the situation even more escalated than it really is , in order to provoke reactions from the rest of the society . 
  i 've seen that . 
  however i do n't buy it . 
  not the fact that they 're dead and shot , which is damn horrible , but the fact that snipers have been deployed . 
  you do n't deploy snipers unless you want to kill people , snipers use combat ammunition and not rubber bullets . 
  not only that , but while i understand the police forces have their own hooligans who only love beating up people , and can make a great show of zeal ( which i 'm sure can kill people ) , snipers are deployed with precise intentions and targets . 
  more so , it 's quite silent and does not alarm everybody around , so having snipers does n't produce the scare effect , that for example , shooting a kalashnikov over the head of the crowd would . 
  there is no government snipers shooting civilians right now , and hopefully it never will be . 
  you just accused me of being biased , telling me i got all my information from rt. 
  i 'll tell you i 'm not biased and i have n't even read rt. 
  is this the best you can do ? 
  where do you have your information from ? 
  it is not people versus government here , it 's not that simple , the population 's support is split between government and opposition . 
  so the scary part is n't a revolution , but actually a civil war . 
  i sincerely hope it 's not going to further escalate or that could result in a civil war , given their population is quite split in their support for government/opposition . 
  now a civil war would be very destructive , not only for ukraine but for the region and for the whole europe . 
  i just saw the government lifted the restrictions of using water cannons in cold weather . 
  i hope it 's only going to get used to extinguish the burning tires , and not to soak the protesters , that could get very nasty considering it 's -10 degrees there . 
  probably it 's not the best idea to provoke them and make them fight water with water . 
  it did n't feel like the protesters were ignored ? 
  but i have no idea how they thought about passing something as stupid as forbidding protests , what the fuck ? 
  do n't you keep your bike in the house ? 
  if you have a good/decent bike never leave it outside when it 's raining/snowing/cold . 
  i have also addressed that in my post . 
  it is definitely higher , but nowhere to the density of other european countries . 
  not only that , but their density is very low , especially outside major urban centers , so obviously there wo n't be enough light concentrated in the rural areas to make it visible . 
   the population density of the russian federation is about 21.5 people per square mile . 
  compared to  the population density of france is estimated to be about 252.5 people per square mile . 
  sure you can argue that russia 's european part has bigger density , so you can double or even triple that density for them , a huge difference will still remain . 
  the same thing applies for ukraine , which have a lower density than france :  the population density of ukraine is estimated to be about 79.18 people per square kilometer . 
  ( keep in mind this is per square kilometer , others two were per square mile ) . 
  basically , the bigger a countries density , the bigger the impact on the map . 
  do n't know but i 'm sure cameron is clapping his hands with joy . 
  would you , as a russian , like to accept the offer considering the not so veiled threat ? 
  you can find more info on / r/romania .
