  plus they 'd need an absurd amount of money to get stable again ( and even more if donetk and luhansk wo n't pay taxes ) that no member really wants it . 
  calling me an ignorant definitely proved you 're right . 
   once again , this conflict was not initiated in order to appease hungary . 
  never said it was . 
  but hungary sees it as an opportunity . 
  and so should we . 
  ukraine will never be truly bound for eu unless they quit all their south eastern regions . 
  no , they are main opposition to putin . 
   ca n't happen , unless the elections are rigged , which is very unlikely . 
  lugansk and donetsk regions are not participating in the elections ( eastern rebellious regions ) , crimea as well . 
  thus , what remains are the pro-eu regions . 
  no , there are more pro-russian or split regions . 
  and without lugansk and donetk voting , the vote wo n't really be legitimate . 
   why would this be a priority and not wait until ukraine comes closer to eu ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  hungary is even more irrelevant than moldova in this situation . 
  because borders of eu countries should not modify their borders . 
  and because if ukraine gets stable again , they are powerful enough to ignore hungary . 
  so basically , hungary needs to kick them while they 're down and push its allies into a position where they force ukraine to do it . 
  hungary 's not relevant , strangely they have a better position within eu and nato than romania . 
  i think that 's in part because they are more demanding . 
  what part of ukraine are we talking about ? 
  the country is split , you can not rely on it . 
  what if the next president will be pro-russian ? 
  yes there is an alternative , hungary 's allies and ukraine giving more rights to hungarian minority or even autonomy to please hungary . 
   though i have a question for the more informed . 
  apart from france from whom can russia order this type of warships ? 
  from russia . 
  i ca n't believe no one realizes they do n't really need that ships but giving contracts like that is bribery , trying to win someone 's attention . 
  and by giving it to france , they receive some support from france . 
  and i 'm certain that some of that money went into some specific pockets from the french decision line . 
  you do n't understand ( see how easy this is ) . 
  hungary can push their own agenda in their allies yard . 
  this tense situation is the perfect situation for hungary , if ukraine was powerful and nato did n't give a shit about the region , they would 've been left with eyes in the sun . 
  but this way , they will listen to their demands . 
  backstabbing who ? 
  ukraine 's not eu 's or nato 's ally . 
  and definitely not hungary or romania 's ally . 
  geopolitics is never fair or moral . 
  not self hating at all . 
  hungary 's doing what 's in their interest , i respect them for that . 
  romania 's not reserved and not patient . 
  they are not doing anything stupid . 
  they are doing something smart , it 's quite the opposite . 
  as much as i disagree with hungary on lots of politics related subjects , i must admire them for having balls . 
  something we 're definitely lacking . 
  thanks for the well argumented position . 
  was this related only to romania and bulgaria ? 
  or have you felt it with poland and the baltic states as well ? 
  why ? 
  have you ever set foot in romania or bulgaria ? 
  i advise you to . 
  it 's still important , because european funds are extremely important in bringing countries on par levels . 
  here we can see poland being extremely smart , and it gives us an idea on why they have been so successfully compared to other former communist countries , like romania . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the only factor , but it 's an important one . 
  stop it with the paranoia , the media 's doing enough of it . 
  we 're not going to be attacked , we do n't really matter . 
  very ugly , but let 's just stick to imagination and not try to find out . 
  stop assuming that one country 's political stance must automatically reflect the stance held by all citizens of that country . 
  how about the hdr ( human development rate ) ? 
  how is that going compared ? 
  because i have a feeling gdp does n't mean that much and that europe 's most developed countries figured that out . 
  familiar ? 
  i 'm having a hard time not believing this is filmed in the romanian parliament . 
  ok , less the fights because there have n't been some in a while . 
  make that into anti-russian because putin 's just another human . 
  it 's like calling anti-americans anti-obama . 
  i do n't think it 's about willing to change their minds , i think it 's more of being able to tolerate other views that contradict theirs . 
  that sounds pretty good ... or am i just hungry ? 
  should n't browse reddit on an empty stomach :( . 
  i 'm perplexed by what you wrote . 
  so breaking the law by annexing a part that has been historically yours and where locals actually do want it , is in fact way worse than all those hundred thousands of killed humans thanks us ' actions . 
  yeah , for example , in romanian both challenge and provocation would translate as `` provocare '' . 
  i assume that it 's a provocation to drive a car on no roads , to have a car but nowhere to drive with . 
  and judging by how he was amuzed and the guy with the question too , i 'm pretty certain this was it . 
  judging by the video , he tried to make a joke ( as he was laughing at the question , and later on the guy asking was smiling too ) and then said it 's a provocation in the way that it 's a provocation to drive a car around when you have no roads . 
  that would n't work unless everyone including china and india and all their other allies would somehow do a 180 degrees turn . 
  the problem with sanctions is that as we 've seen in the case of iran ( which is nothing compared to russia ) it will hit the population mostly and will drive them into developing own technologies , products etc , thus becoming self sufficient . 
  that 's a big understatement . 
  russia has allies , influence , a very powerful conventional army ( second to only the us ) , and the game over nuclear assets . 
  has resources , a very wide territory ( and hard to conquer ) , has manpower ( not according to their land , but 160 million is still quite big , and they are fierce , they have a tradition in fighting wars ) and has knowledge ( although their civilian research is pretty bad , their military one has always been going quite strong ) . 
  so no , they are way over china in this aspect . 
  for not , because china 's growing fast and might get to be the next dominating power in a couple of decades . 
   the only thing i regret that the west did n't secure russian nuclear potential after ussr collapse . 
  it bites us in the ass . 
  that would n't have ever been possible . 
  wars do make money sometimes , unless they 're fought against a country of similar size . 
  if they run out of money they 're going to need to make some , otherwise the people wo n't be happy , and they are in danger of losing the elections . 
  that 's when a war will come in , where the russian army will have to use weapons and give commands to russian weapon producers to start moving . 
  and that 's how , at least for a while , the situation will improve a bit . 
  not giving a damn about `` rules '' is a feature of big powers : russia , china , us . 
  unfortunately , us , russia and china are basically untouchable , they are too powerful . 
  the international laws do exist because they wanted it , so they can enforce it on smaller countries who get out of line . 
  the three global powers are simply too powerful , hitting them would back as a boomerang , they are too interconnected , have their own network of influence etc. 
  then everyone keeps talking about the un not doing things . 
  the un is actually doing this !, 
  it was meant to be a negotiations table so that big wars do not happen again , and it 's working , we 're not going to see a war between us/russia/china , and that 's what matters most . 
  no , because they do not need to import things , they are self sufficient . 
  they have more than enough resources needed . 
  making them poorer makes them more aggressive not less aggressive .
