  without constitutional court , there 's no one to judge if an action respects the constitution or not . 
  this simply reeks of a power grab , that broke all the procedures/values that a democratic country must upheld . 
   some possibly ? 
  personally i dont at all , i think that people inside russia are being fed rubbish , as anyone who says anything meaningfully opposed to putin is marginalised fairly rapidly if not dissapeared or imprisoned on trumped up charges . 
  its no fault of the russian people at all . 
  you are very wrong here , you just said you 're not prejudiced but this demonstrates you are . 
  maybe they think the same about us being fed rubbish . 
  they do have justification : http://www.russia-direct.org/content/putin-speaks-out-ukraine is it good ? 
  depends , for some yes , for others no . 
  all are entitled to opinion . 
  for me , i was neutral at the beginning , now after one week of seeing action , discourses and facts , i started leaning toward the russian side . 
   parliament after yanukovich fled and was impeached by a vote of 328-0 he was not impeached , he was removed . 
  impeachment is a democratic way of suspending a president , with clear procedures that were not respected in this case . 
  here 's from another redditor that explains :  section 111 of the ukraine constitution states the following article 111 . 
  the president of ukraine may be removed from the office by the verkhovna rada of ukraine in compliance with a procedure of impeachment if he commits treason or other crime . 
  the issue of the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with a procedure of impeachment shall be initiated by the majority of the constitutional membership of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall establish a special ad hoc investigating commission , composed of special prosecutor and special investigators to conduct an investigation . 
  the conclusions and proposals of the ad hoc investigating commission shall be considered at the meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  on the ground of evidence , the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall , by at least two-thirds of its constitutional membership , adopt a decision to bring charges against the president of ukraine . 
  the decision on the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with the procedure of impeachment shall be adopted by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by at least three-quarters of its constitutional membership upon a review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine , and receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and upon a receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of treason or other crime . 
  they had to get 3/4 of the rada . 
  constitutional rada membership is 450 . 
  ( source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verkhovna_rada[1] ) and last i checked 75 % of 450 is 337.5 so 338 . 
  the vote they took was 328:0 , with 122 deputies absent and of course their was no review by the constitutional court at all . 
  the source for the procedure is : http://www.president.gov.ua/en/content/chapter05.html, 
  can you argue that most here have a big prejudice to russians ? 
  that turns it into bias , emotions . 
  indeed it 's a bit old . 
  i do n't see any big russian community where all russians are ? 
  but just a lot of regions where small amount of russians are . 
   as i said , russian people are not exactly scattered all over the place , they are mainly in the centre of the country , in chisinau and the closest suburbs . 
  this map shows otherwise : http://historymaps.ro/?p=2012, 
  i never said putin is worse , we 're actually lucky to have a stable and centralized russia . 
  but as far as geopolitics go , russia can impend western interests . 
  but neither netanyahu or the sauds are powerful enough to influence what 's going on in the world . 
   not entirely true : far north and far south are mostly moldovand ethnic people , apart from the few villages in the south that constitute gagauzia plus some bulgarian ethnic villages . 
  how does that contradict with what i said ? 
  i said there are no regions ( outside transnistria ) with russian majority , they are scattered . 
  i do know most are bad at romanian , but there is very few discrimination taking place , according to my moldovian master colleagues . 
  most people speak russian there , even the moldavians . 
  and you have any bright idea on how we 're supposed to do that ? 
  we might , but in a decade ... we 're trapped at the moment . 
   second , russia is more dependent on exporting gas than we are on importing from them . 
  do n't count on it , they are in the process of building new lines to china and other developing nations . 
  china can swallow all the european amount , but i do n't think it 's exactly in russia 's interest . 
  romania also has very low dependence on russian gas . 
  the guy is from the opposition , and has a strong fixation on transnistria , a simple google will clear that for you : http://adevarul.ro/moldova/politica/un-politician-rus-fost-rapit-tiraspol-1_50acea357c42d5a6638bc781/index.html http://www.moldova.org/tag/roman-hudeakov/ http://www.noi.md/md/news_id/33065 we have those kind of mad mens who say stupid things all the time in our parliament . 
  unless it 's the president , the prim ministry or some other ministry , it should not be regarded as romania 's official opinion . 
  more over , i went on rt and voice of russia to search and could find nothing on this . 
  i imagine they would 've put it big on front page if they wanted to intimidate moldova and romania with it . 
  the difference is that the russians are pretty integrated in the moldovian society . 
  there are no regions with a majority of ethnic russians , they are scattered all over the place . 
  eu just entered something considered russia 's vital space for a long time . 
  while definitely not support of whole country , west ukraine is now under western influence . 
  crimea is returning back to russia , but not formally . 
  so the spheres of influence in ukraine will be split , eastern ukraine stays under influence of russia while western ukraine goes under eu influence . 
  no matter how you spin it , the western partners won and russia lost . 
  i think so too , it 's why i want to see the eu integrate russia more and more , as a partner . 
  because i believe in decades we will reach the point where they will see themselves as integrated in europe . 
   its your own responsibility to keep up with what is going on , do n't expect anyone to supply you unbiased news - everybody has an agenda . 
  one of the best lines ever . 
  pretty difficult indeed , but i think they have just got what they wanted . 
  they showed they will enforce their threats . 
  he 's far too calculated to desire war . 
  he has russian backing for protection of russians in ukraine , but no popular backing for a war ( study just showed 73 % of russians are anti-war ) . 
  they are n't going to lose crimea base . 
  in fact , crimea is de facto theirs from now on , no matter how much or few independence crimea gets . 
  he simplified his thoughts way too much , so it 's a problem of communication . 
  i believe he was saying that any time germany starts acting strong , everyone around them starts getting scared and remember they do n't want a strong germany . 
  you will , but it 's important to understand that people have different opinions and you should show respect to them even if you disagree . 
  when will people understand that big powers only see small countries as maneuver mass ? 
  that kind of language makes you instantly discredit yourself . 
  i 'm really curious to see , in about a year from now , who won after this `` crisis '' , who won after investing in russian companies after their price went down ? 
  i 'm sorry to go against the main reddit western narrative , but i , as a citizen of the eu , oppose to any sanctions against russia . 
  they can hurt us , just as much as we can hurt them . 
  so in long term , it 's a loss loss situation . 
  heh , no buddy , you ca n't rewind . 
  crimea is not exactly ukrainian anymore . 
  everyone seems to think that russia can be pressured into giving up on ukraine . 
  they are n't , it was their red line . 
  the question is , what can the west give to russia so that it 's worth for russia to leave it to a minimum of impact ? 
  well , you could just negotiate to reduce tensions , that would be nice . 
  no sanctions or strong words will work , we need to find out what russia wants and reach a compromise . 
  what do you believe there could be achieved ? 
  you keep saying `` do something '' in that something will make everything come back to normal ? 
  but what is normal ? 
  no one can do anything about russia but ukraine . 
  west can only mediate . 
  russian barking never deterred us from places they attacked , it wo n't happen the way around either . 
  let 's look at it and be honest , ukraine changed forever , the map of geopolitics changed forever . 
  ukraine can at best negotiate that crimea will still be part of ukraine , but they will have absolutely 0 control over them . 
  and their authority in the eastern regions will be very , very low . 
  that 's the maximum that ukraine can obtain now . 
  i think it 's better than romania should stay out . 
  we do n't have any diplomacy unlike poland . 
  we ca n't even piggyback russia to get more rights for the romanian ethnics there . 
  what could we have done ? 
  we already gave the standards speech `` sovereignty , invasion , must respect integrity ... etc '' . 
  what do you want romania to do ? 
  we have bad relations with russia thanks to our incompetent leaders .
