  wow , how did this happen hehe , i wanted to comment on the lukashenko `` offering '' to take kaliningrad , sorry . 
  edit : yes , i 'll answer . 
  can someone explain what this is about ? 
  the title sounds stupid , but maybe it 's just sensationalist . 
  you 're not going to fix the corrupt government by protesting against corruption ( in general ) , i do n't think there 's anyone in russia that can fix the corruption . 
  not going to fix the skewed wealth distribution by protesting against it either . 
  which election outcome was questionable ? 
  the parliamentary ones ? 
  people protest against what they see at hand , what feels like it can be resolved . 
  you can never be completely independent from your neighbours . 
  it 's simple , it 's a part of russia , no one dares to tackle with it . 
  and it 's in russian interest that they have some territory there . 
  the uk is a bad analogy , it 's very different , there are wales , northern ireland , scotland and england composing uk . 
  if you 're passionate about it search , you 'll see it 's way more complex and it 's definitely nothing like kaliningrad . 
  kaliningrad is a net receiver , read what i sent you , and keep in mind that kaliningrad gets both funding from russia and some funding from eu . 
  but why would separating kaliningrad from russia , help kaliningrad ? 
  right now , they get funding both from russia and from eu . 
  their position means a lot to them , they are russians and have the backing of the motherland in everything that concerns that small part of the territory . 
  and then , who would actually separate ? 
  since the ethnicity of kaliningrad is pretty simple , 90 % russians . 
  the citizens of kaliningrad have mostly privileges given their `` unique '' position . 
  read this for example : http://eng.kremlin.ru/acts/5774 now , tell me one lousy reason why a citizen of kaliningrad would want to `` depart '' from russia . 
  they have security , economy , special zone , good position , good leverage in any deals . 
  why so unwillingly ? 
  what would lithuania win by closing transport routes between the motherland and that province ? 
  it 's probably one of the very few leverages lithuania has over russia . 
  because it 's russia , even though its practically a bit far from the rest of russia . 
  you 're making it sound like it would be a distinct country that keeps trying to grow into russia . 
  although they do , for reasons that / u/petshaver explained , it should not worry us because it has always been a gap between what politicians say and how things turn out . 
  right now , the cooperation of eu and russia in a lot of aspects ( commercial , scientific , politic ) seem to be at its height and rising . 
  they can , and will declare everything they can to fight for ukraine and moldova , but will not do really act towards it , since it could destroy russia 's relations with eu , which are beneficial for both . 
  you 're not stupid , you just did n't know  . 
  interesting , where are you from ? 
  also , thanks . 
  wow ... what were peace corps here ? 
  what did you do and where were you located ? 
  we had an important role due to the geographical position , between superpowers . 
  unfortunately , that meant we had to carry battles all the time , to defend instead of develop . 
   they have cultural ties to the french . 
  when romania became independent in the 19th ( or early 20th ? 
  i 'm bad with dates ) century , much of the burgeoning romanian high culture was inspired by french romanticism . 
  we entered the russian - turkish conflict on russia 's side and defeated the ottoman empire , thus gained our independence ( we were not part of ottoman empire , but we had to respond to them and pay tribute ... protection tax ) . 
  however , for reasons that are not exactly known , the russians took a bit of our territory ( though we did win some more ) . 
   romanian used to be written in cyrillic . 
  they switched to a latin alphabet a couple hundred years ago . 
  i think the cyrillic alphabet is still used in moldova to some degree . 
  yep , only two hundred years ago . 
  no it 's not . 
  in the republic of moldova people speak both russian and romanian , but romanian is written with latin characters everywhere . 
   also , the peace corps pulled out of the romania quite recently , on the grounds that they were full members of the eu . 
  really ? 
  i never heard of peace corps on our territory , got any source to that ? 
  indeed , we do need to mention that the during the period besides the obvious bad , good things also happened ( forced industrialization , forced increase of literacy , great investments in education are some ) . 
  the protests are still going and growing . 
  we never had such protests since the early 90s . 
   about 10-15 % of greek voters support them . 
  you can not just illegalize something that that many people support ( no matter how hideous it is . ), 
  the gd problem can only be solved by conscious social action and not by legislation . 
  i feel exactly the same , what you said here goes perfectly with what i believe . 
  i do n't know , but the romanian geology institute has said that it may pose great risks , and that the consequences of fracking have not been studied enough on long term . 
  the advantages of being gas independent from russia are absolutely outmatched by the disadvantages of fracking on long term . 
  guess what happens when banks open after doing haircuts ? 
  correct , bank run and bank sector collapse . 
  now that russia does n't want to bail them out alone ( though they did extend their older loan and lowered interests which is a win for cyprus ) i believe that cyprus 's best action course is to do what eu fears the most , get out of the eurozone and start printing its currency . 
  yeah hyperinflation and all of that , but at least it will be in their control and can pull it off . 
  besides , may attract a lot of investors since they become cheaper . 
  they knew that since whenever cyprus joined the eu . 
  they did n't have a problem with that so far . 
  now their in a shit situation ( which is totally different than greece 's ) and need help . 
  cyprus needs not even a tenth of what help greece got . 
  how does lending lead to lack of trust ? 
  i 'll agree that cyprus is in a extreme situation which needs extreme measures but it 's still bad . 
  troika 's not risking much , russians would risk more by lending more money for example . 
  remember cyprus is a service based country not production . 
  if you destroy their banking system they will collapse . 
  and you do it by forcing people to retreat money from your banks . 
  so who did you want to actually pay it off ? 
  yes it 's the bankers fault , but what can you do now ? 
  i doubt they have 3 billion cash that you can take from them . 
  and everyone who held money in cyprus banks did so under a clear contract , you ca n't just tax people whenever you want however you want or people will lose trust in you . 
  no , robbing your population of money is not sane . 
  it would lead to lack of trust in banks as well , people would retreat their money from the banks , and there goes the whole system . 
  how 's that good ? 
  wow really ? 
  troika 's offer was absolutely ridiculous . 
  like it or not , eu and russia will have to work together . 
  the sooner both sides understand this , the sooner this region will be better off . 
  it 's not black money . 
  those black money are held in other paradises , no sane criminal would risk doing it in cyprus , which falls under eu regulations and audit/controls . 
  so contrary to the trend ( not sure what 's setting it ) the money does n't belong to criminals . 
  but if the russians start retreating their money , there 's no savior for those banks . 
  and cyprus should know that , a levy would lead to a financial suicide , and besides , no country should be allowed to steal money from its citizens . 
  best pun ever . 
  we should n't be living in the past anymore honestly . 
  island was bailed by russian money and they 're doing well . 
  you 're not ending a fucking discussion by adding more bullshit to it . 
  i obviously meant `` real soldier '' as a figure of speech , smarty pants . 
  what 's idiotic is your behavior and the idea that you have to be in the military to criticize someone who is . 
  awesome , please do n't criticize politicians if you 're not one . 
  so you have to resort to insults .
