  not sure why anyone would ever want to contact you , unless they need to spam suckers . 
  great , thank you for your totally useless input . 
  i 'm not a soldier . 
  i 'm not in the military , that 's not what i was trying to say . 
  and i am not making stuff up , i am speaking completely off almost all interviews from documentaries and books i 've saw with people who 've been on the front , and not one of them talked about their job as joy , they all hated what they had to do . 
  i do n't think he 's a real soldier , i think he was a protege and stayed far behind actual fights , just roaming around over peaceful territory in his hospital . 
  no real soldier will say his job is a `` joy '' . 
  i never heard one say so , they all refuse to talk about it and do n't want to be reminded of . 
  i think that 's called assuming your history , something we obviously lack as we try to fix/forget it . 
  i 'm not convinced either but i am convinced that if rebels/isis takes over , syria will become an even bigger clusterfuck , for a very long time . 
  it 's actually the other way around , support was lowering for him a lot after the barrel bombing and everything . 
  however , it turned out that rebels/opposition were n't what they seemed to be , even for those under rebel control , they had unrealistic expectations , so people are actually changing their mind over assad , and they 'd rather have it stable and clear like it used to before . 
  that is incorrect , the population is not against him but would rather support him than the other factions : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3l2qk0/new_poll_of_syrian_public_opinion_1365_syrians/, 
  haha , amazing indeed . 
  what 's more astounding about this is the way he was caught , such a complete fool , not long ago few of his employees have been arrested the same way and oprescu said `` i feel i 'm surrounded by idiots '' . 
  no , because they were n't simple untrained terrorists , they were mercenaries . 
  even more , even though they had more hostage crises does n't make them able to solve them any better because the situations are just as hard . 
  the truth is that probably no one could 've handled it better or with less casualties . 
  i think the most probable answer is the simplest one . 
  they simply did n't know what to do , they knew this will end in a blood bath and had no solution , because there was n't any , so instead of a clear strategy they had a chaos among the authorities given the difficulty of the situation . 
  it would . 
  panic means people could try to escape and in process guards would have to shoot them ( which does n't feel good for most , hence the reason why gas chambers were built ) . 
  plus there 's a chance for guards to get injured in the process . 
  i do n't like it either . 
  i would just love if people would be nice , respectful and would like to help by themselves not having to be persuaded through other ways . 
  it 's unfortunate that this does n't happen on its own . 
  that is correct . 
  we need to understand they come from a different culture with different values and wo n't just quit them and take ours . 
  it would be insane to expect something like that . 
  however , we have a good education system , by helping them get educated we will help their children or the children of their children to get in line with our values . 
  of course , they will still be a bit different , but the gap will be so small it wo n't even matter in the end . 
  but i 'm not laying blame on just the british , i 'm doing it for all of western europe , because the recent anti-refugees feeling make me lose my faith in the westerners . 
  what germany 's doing is great . 
  they know this will actually be of help . 
  europe is n't doing too good demographically , we do need fresh blood . 
   ironically , for an `` antiracist '' you seem to believe that all africans are completely incapable of managing their own affairs because of an all powerful white man that still controls their destiny some 70 years later . 
  not at all , they would be perfectly capable of managing them but they started with a severe handicap and we 're still largely influencing their countries . 
  and it 's not wrong , we got everything else because we had wealth , we had resources . 
   lthough i appreciate your general gist it 's not really quite that simple , especially after the uk spent 75 % of it 's wealth during ww2 . 
  the wealth from empire is long spent . 
  i did n't say it 's simple although my comment maybe made it seem that way . 
  the wealth is n't gone , it 's still there , that 's why uk 's more developed than 90 % of the world . 
  it 's a really complex and lengthy talk here , as the issue is anything but simple . 
  i do understand your point perfectly and in a way agree with it . 
  but as a member of the society your silence can be considered as an agreement . 
  or it can be not , again hard to nuance this shit . 
  in all fairness , i think it 's best if we just stick with the moral value of helping the refugees . 
  why you ? 
  because you can , a developed country can take them , a non-developed country would get crushed under this problem . 
  it has definitely changed , all states changed . 
  but that does n't mean you can just shrug the exploited populations off just like you 've had no business in their problems . 
  for example , see syria , people are fleeing war , a war created and propped by the west , same with lybia . 
  it does n't mean we wanted to do bad , but you know . . hell is paved with good intentions . 
  it 's not the generation that 's expected to pay , it 's the generation that rules the same state under which exploitation took place . 
  it 's very important to be aware that as an european ( especially english of all ) , your country has become so developed by exploiting others , and you get to enjoy this wealthy life because of it . 
  maybe it was also sprinkling water through those holes ? 
  as far as i know , the story with water and gas was told by people from auschwitz . 
  pull your head out of your ass . 
  he mentioned the article and you wrote 3 paragraphs that does anything but reply to his post . 
  they were being told they are taken to the showers . 
  there really were showers so that people would not start to panic , but they 'd also diffuse gas meanwhile . 
  that 's what usually happens with anti-russian information unlike pro-russian information which is debunked in all ways possible . 
  wow , haha , how do you even . . ? 
  then why do you complain about moving without a helmet ? 
  i fail to see how that would help them . 
  if most of our bike lanes looked like that , we 'd have an awesome infrastructure . 
  that 's the best lane/path we have , and it 's only one , the others were built on sidewalks . 
  that 's the same kind of idiotism when doing bike lanes like in romania . 
  they are made just so it can be checked off some list , not because the persons designing them/building them really cared . 
  at least a part of them were built on the street , like it 's normal , in bucharest they built all of them ( the first try ) on the sidewalks making them completely unusable . 
  you ca n't silence ideas by censoring them or banning them . 
  it 's a shame people rely on nationalism but that can be only fixed through education , not by forbidding them to speak or share their ideas . 
   romania post-communism was practically a failed state for many years due to the aforementioned dictators policies as well . 
  we all want to believe that , but most probably we were a failed state because of our choices , but that would mean actually assuming responsability for it . 
  yeah , we 're probably pissed because we know that deep down inside we 're much weaker than then greeks , we do n't dare negotiating for nothing , imf says , we simply do . 
  no they do n't . 
  we do n't have anyone charismatic , nor clever , nor really endorsed by the masses . 
  and most of all , we do n't have anyone with such balls . 
  that 's funny , romania looks like a fish headed left , and hungary in your map looks like a fish headed right . 
  look , it 's quite known that ukraine is a red line for russia , and it 's something we knew for a long time , and again something they 've been repeating in the past years . 
   russia had many opportunities to make its grievances known to the international community in a democratic and friendly way . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they made its grievances known many times , including on ukraine . 
  everyone wants to control other countries , but it 's usually done through other means than force . 
  thing is we got nothing in common with ukraine , we do n't pose any strategic value for them . 
  we 're talking about russia here , they have orders of magnitude more resources than they even need . 
  there is a significant russian minority in moldova but not in romania . 
  i never heard anything more stupid , that 's how you sentence both moldova and ukraine to more destruction . 
  important to note is that russia has stopped financing them because in 2012 the ruling elite of transnistria changed to mostly ukrainian ethnics , the people that had back-up from russia have been thrown in the shadows . 
  nah , we got nothing of value for them nor do we have russian ethnics . 
  ukraine 's the one in case here , if they could have drawn a red line they would 've done it . 
   why should russian interests in ukraine matter more than ukrainian interests in ukraine ? 
  they do n't , i 'm being realistic . 
  it 's one to believe in how it should be , and another to act on the given situation . 
   defend ukraine from the war that has been started by russia . 
  there 's not a real war and there 's nothing we can do that has n't been done , short of military interference , which must be a big no-no . 
   we can . 
  there 's a huge difference between not liking something and invading others and taking their territory over it . 
  no , we can not be surprised . 
  we knew something was going to happen , regardless if it 's politically correct , right or wrong , we knew about the risks .
