  and i 'm referring to the law forbidding minorities using their language in administration , which has today been vetoed by the new president - but did it because of the pressure created in crimea . 
  by the way , as an ukrainian , how did you feel about that law ? 
  i do n't think it would put the minorities in romania in serious danger , however measures would be taken to ensure magyar paramilitary wo n't start acting around . 
  also , in romania it would be different and much harder , as the areas in which a lot of hungarian ethnics live , is not near the border with hungary but in the middle of romania . 
  which i doubt this country will ever give up on , it 's probably the only thing that could unite all romanian for one cause , considering the romanian society is very apathetic and divided . 
  how do you know crimea would join russia ? 
  maybe just want more autonomy or to be an independent state . 
  and yes , kosovo set a very bad precedent unfortunately . 
  again , double standards . 
  the opposition on yanukovich was galvanised by western support . 
  it 's not ok to apply different standards . 
  it 's interesting how we also judge from our western point of view , how would that not be the same for other regions of ukraine where russians are a minority ? 
  i smell double standards . 
  yep , china knows it 's not powerful enough to exercise power far from their borders , so they will just piggyback russia out of diplomatic reasons rather than direct interest . 
  however , if you try to talk about the chinese taipei - taiwan or the tibet , you 're going to see china transform into hulk . 
  the ukrainian nationalists are going to be very pissed about this . 
  also , keep in mind not only russians were affected but all other minorities , including the romanians which are ukraine 's 3rd ethnic group after ukrainians and russians , over 400.000 romanians still live in ukraine . 
  we can now be pretty sure ( 70 % ) no armed conflict will happen . 
  russia does not seem interested in military conflict in crimea , they could 've seize it already if they were determined to . 
  what happens is crimea now has a guarantee for their autonomy , and through crimea , russia has a leverage over the ukraine . 
  the article at stake is also pretty useless , 2000 troops are about 10 % of the number of troops already there as part of the black sea fleet . 
  well , and you have an idea of how the west could do that ? 
  because they 've been trying for the past 14 years with no success . 
  why do you throw such words around , ca n't you use arguments ? 
  i do n't think you 'd know how to represent russia 's interests , honestly . 
  so what you 'd do , you 'd just stay and do nothing as your country is being encircled on all sides and your influence zone is being reduced ? 
  why ? 
  ca n't they provide it to pro russian militias in order to provoke reactions ? 
  why is it ? 
  how would you react if you were russia ? 
  who did you vote with , if i 'm allowed to ask ? 
   surely you will agree it 's a wrong course of action . 
  depends on who 's judging . 
  as a romanian , its very bad , its endangering peace in the region and holds a very bad precedent , comparable to kosovo . 
  if i were a russian , i 'd say it is a good course of action , we 'd need to protect russian ethnics and protect the russian interests in the area , knowing ukraine is very important to russia 's security . 
  so it depends on what your interests are . 
  as far as i know , even russians who oppose to putin , said the outcome was expected , as putin is still popular . 
  i 'm sure there were problems with the voting , but from everything i red/heard , putin would 've won even if no irregularity took place . 
  also , the second place was the communist 's candidate , and i suppose people would 've gone to the second tour to vote for putin even though they hate him , just so zyuganov would not win . 
  in the very democratic country of romania , we had way more problems with the last election , the probability of fraud was way higher , so problems are quite common in all the eastern europe . 
  i was not defending them , but the global and especially the regional context is important . 
  i also want to know how they are violating ukrainian sovereignty exactly . 
  all we know so far is they are moving troops around sevastopol ( which they are allowed afaik ) . 
  and we also saw helicopters and trucks ( which could be semi-safe to assume they are russian ) moving around , but we do n't know where they are moving into exactly . 
  what no one knows , is what does the agreement between ukraine and russia contains , with reference to the russian military base in sevastopol . 
  where/how are the russians allowed to move forces . 
  because if they do respect the terms of agreement , they are n't violating ukrainian sovereignty . 
  and i do n't think they are trying to do a military take over , but they want to provoke action from the ukrainian authorities , action that could be later used to justify the need to protect russians . 
  you 're right , that may be the case ... it 's common knowledge they have a military base there , and i bet they regularly conduct movements of troops around sevastopol . 
  but then every powerful country on earth is bullying someone else , right ? 
  usa is bullying a lot of others , china also . 
  not sure what to think of it , honestly . 
  it 's clear that those blocking ways in sevastopol are russian troops , though . 
  but sevastopol has a very different status , russians can pretty much move around as they wish , not the same is the case with simferopol . 
  all we know so far is some journalist says he saw russian plated military trucks full of men going for simferopol . 
  remember yesterday when apcs were stopped by ukrainian police somewhere in crimea ? 
  what 's up with that ? 
  i mean , if they wanted to pass through , they would n't have been stopped , and does n't sound very russian to me ( i am definitely not trying to say that russians are not civilized and do n't respond to police , but they usually act much more determined ) . 
  i never heard about the nationalist movements around europe being so strong , can you tell me more about it ? 
  how can you back the claim that putin is pathologically afraid of fair elections and referendums ? 
  that sounds like spewing already chewed propaganda . 
  remember he won elections 3 times in russia , he 's there because the majority of the russian people wanted him to be there . 
  do n't fall for it , there 's no proof there are russian troops , so far all we see indicates its the same `` self defense '' troops , russian militants from crimea . 
  plus your analogy does n't take into account the line of events that happened a very short while ago . 
   bullies waiting for an ukrainian hostile reaction to pull the trigger all correct but bullies , why are they bullies ? 
  they 're not bullying ukraine , they are playing their cards to reach their purposes , which is very clear to everyone . 
  probably being the only cool heads and just waiting to see what happens . 
  what do you want them to do , go to crimea so russia can finally say : `` russian ethnics are under attack '' then next day you have t-90 's all over the place ? 
  or do they want to stop the new president , unrecognized by russia , to come in crimea to negotiate ? 
  it 's more complicated , they can make the west look like a fool on this matter . 
  the west says the protesters are legitimate and they should be listen to . 
  so yanukovici fell and the west tells russians : you must respect the will of the people . 
  then we have another round of protests , this time in crimea . 
  now it 's russia 's time to play the same cards : protesters are legitimate and they should be listen to . 
  so crimea either gets way more autonomy or separates and russia tells the west : you must respect the will of the people . 
  about the treaty , they can claim it has already been broken since there were clear interferences in these protests made by uk and us . 
  so the situation is pretty weird at the moment , and we should start seeing more world leaders meetings to fix this situation somehow . 
  it 's always better to fix problems with words instead of bullets . 
  that 's quite a big and ugly guy . 
  why only two choices ? 
  how about sofia ? 
  how about bucharest ? 
  greece ? 
  spain ? 
  remember kosovo ? 
  that sets up the precedent . 
  how come ? 
  i know they are autonomous , but still ... should n't they receive money from the center ? 
  well , you know what weber says , about the rule of law state , where the authorities have a monopoly on the use of violence . 
  i have n't even debated the actions of the protesters , we only discussed the actions of the police , please judge as such . 
  i put the same burden on everyone , while knowing that the protesters are n't organized and are a blind fury , and that the policemen are well trained and disciplined and should not lose their temper . 
  i do n't think `` they 're all fascist '' , to clear that you wo n't assume things i do n't say , i do believe the protests to be made of legitimate protesters in majority , with a minority of far right militants , whom i do n't have much affection for . 
  i think it 's a shame they will now get more power in the country , and i 'm terribly upset by the actions of the new government who ruled that only ukraine language is official , basically screwing the russian , romanian and other ethnic groups . 
  what do you believe about that , for a change ? 
  i do n't think yanukovich was really russian backed , and i do n't think they are very fond of him either , especially after this big fuck-up . 
  let 's remember he was willing to sign the trade agreement with the eu , but they would n't give him free money , which would push ukraine into austerity and bring him down in the next elections eventually . 
  so he had no choice but to go back to russia and ask them for money . 
  i do n't think the russians are so easy to fool . 
  so if you have a gun , the guy 20m from you has a gun pointed at you , you will stay chill because you have a bullet proof vest ? 
  that 's absolutely stupid , having bullet proof vests do n't make them less scared .
