* barks in turkish *, 
  you 're right , i do n't think it 's actually funny either . 
  he 's simply being as edgy as possible to provoke erdogan because he keeps prosecuting people for insulting him , and i 'm glad he does . 
  woah there . 
  there 's a fine line between an attractive accent and a incomprehensive one , and that line happens to coincide with the dutch-belgian border . 
  if i could pull of a flemish accent ( they do n't have that hard * ch * sound ) without sounding like a pretentious twat i would , but alas . 
  true , but i just thought of that as another literal translation . 
   once we finally become an independent , sovereign state . 
  lol, 
  people mostly just way * what the fuck . 
  * sometimes i hear people say * wat de neuk * ironically , but i do n't think we have a real dutch equivalent . 
  wtf is not actually dutch , but we tend to copy english phrases a lot . 
  yeah , the guy is definitely good at his job . 
  sometimes people call him out for his edgy humour but he deals with them [ effortlessly . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=knrljp-nqsg ), 
  hans teeuwen is disgusted with the fact that germany allowed jan b\u00f6hmermann to be prosecuted for insulting erdogan in his poem/song . 
  he tells the interviewer a story about how he visited a brothel in istanbul once and that he was utterly disappointed by erdogan , who apparently worked there , and his * services . 
  * the interviewer asks him whether he is n't afraid of retaliation by erdogan for this satirical story , but teeuwen insists that his story has nothing to with satire , just like erdogan 's services had nothing to do with prostitution , and expects erdogan to repay him and all his other dissatisfied customers . 
  edit : here 's the [ video with english subtitles ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2l_9zyta8 ), 
   turkey has in effect gone backwards under erdogan . 
  it is weird though beacuse under the influence of returning `` german '' turks , there has been a move for improvement . 
  better law courts , better standards and so on . 
  if turkey can undo that , they could be a closer prospect than ukraine ( 20-25 years ) . 
  i 'm sorry but as a turk from holland i can not for the life of me imagine how * returning `` german '' turks * would possibly benefit turkey substantially , if they are of any help at all . 
   you 've always been an integral part of europe as opposed to turks/ottomans ? 
  edit : not to say that you 're wrong about the turkish government , i wholeheartedly agree . 
   one of the most god-forsaken regions of the world . 
  i would say turkey is one the most heavenly regions in the world , if it was n't for the apalling demographics of the country . 
  he 's probably a turkish cypriot though ( username is an acronym for the name of northern cyprus if it was translated to english ) . 
  could just be somebody who hates erdogan 's guts , like most of the turks on reddit . 
  we do n't know either . 
  he genuinely seems to be a racist cunt . 
  mods should have a look at this . 
  [ well meme 'd my friend . 
  ] ( http://picon.ngfiles.com/662000/flash_662615_largest_crop.jpg ), 
  and erdo\u011fan is already a huge moron himself , so go figure . 
  holy shit that 's pretty ugly . 
  definitely uglier than any town i know of . 
  you 're probably comparing the ` best ' dutch accent from the 60 's ( as heard on television ) with ` bad ' dutch accents ( slang , limburgs , or flemish perhaps ) . 
  same here . 
  switzerland sounds like the wildest dream of a political science student . 
  there 's a bit of a circlejerk against almere in the netherlands . 
  mainly because it 's a planned city on a polder , designed to house people who commute to amsterdam for work . 
  gorbachev was a shameful figure ? 
  i wonder how you feel about stalin ; the scumbag who was , in fact , literally worse than hitler . 
  you say that as if real french people do n't laugh that way . 
  that 's the probably the sound of a dutchman suffocating on li\u00e8ge waffles . 
   vienna do you mean venice ? 
  i had never seen this sub before . 
  it 's pretty amusing how there are seperate subs with far-left and far-right oriented people and one big subreddit that 's visited by basically everyone . 
  i 'd assume it 's because retailers set their business up in luxembourg in order to dodge taxes . 
  we 're talking about the netherlands here ; the real competitor to any means of transport is the illustriously popular bicycle . 
  lebanon is n't considered a gulf country . 
  looks beautiful . 
  when you 're invited to ` bodrum ' in turkey , you 're either going to have an excellent holiday or you 're being kidnapped . 
  attempting to justify terrorism again ? 
  for further reference , kurdikurd ; [ these ] ( http://saferarizona.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/pgmm.jpg ) are activists , [ these ] ( http://www.foreindia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/pkk.jpg ) are terrorists . 
  i 'm sure they do , but that 's not brought to people 's attention as often as the economic crisis in greece is , for example . 
   and there 's a considerable anti-eu sentiment in the netherlands , many people will just vote no to screw the eu . 
  maybe it 's because eu critics are more vocal than supporters , but this is my impression as well . 
  i suppose it 's because we are one of the most succesful economies in the eu , and there 's a widespread conviction that we mostly carry other countries ' burdens . 
  i ca n't even imagine how much that is in cheese cubes . 
  they ruined * gezellig - * ness for everyone . 
  what i mentioned was a clear example of women 's rights . 
  what you 're calling for is further emancipation of women , which i 'm obviously in favour of as well , but the view you have of turkish society is just inaccurate . 
  do you honestly believe that girls in turkey are being deprived of education ? 
  i 'm turkish by the way , so i know what the country is like . 
   in the union women 's rights are being promoted whereas in turkey it 's impossible . 
  absolutely idiotic comment . 
  women 's rights in turkey are impossible ? 
  turkey has been a pioneer in women 's rights in fact , being one of the first nations to introduce women 's voting right for example . 
  i 'm already looking forward to read your paper , if this is your level of knowledge about turkey . 
  yeah , this is when some turks considered him to be a powerful badass . 
  thanks for considerig crete to still be a part of turkey !, 
  swiss people are probably alright , it 's you guys who speak awfully fast . 
  that 's an interesting look at it . 
  combatting conservatism with conservatism so neither side gets too many votes . 
  mhp needs really needs a competitive leader . 
  what makes you think akp is anti-kurd ? 
  they do their utter best to appeal to the muslim majority of the country , which includes kurds . 
  that poll has been researched at the request of the government afterwards and it turned out to be highly misleading . 
  seriously , i 'd be shocked if 8 % of the turkish community supported isis , let alone 80 . 
  what are thooose ? 
  ` the more backwards parts of the netherlands . ', 
  oh , you mean belgium ? 
  amidoingitrite ? 
  this is horrible , what is turkey coming to ... 
  yeah , well now that / u/jippiejee is a mod , all of europe will be touched by the grace of willy !, 
  i predict that de vote buttons will be replaced by upwilliams and downphilips on kingsday !, 
  \\ #allyoureuropearebelongtous, 
  you can almost taste the mant\u0131 pixels !, 
  [ i knew it !, 
   trump looks less and less likely to be able to get enough votes to become president which would be a huge relief if it were n't for , you know , hillary . 
  my vote goes to amsterdam, 
  i 'm a huge admirer of their cars but it would be ridiculous to pretend elon musk is a saint of some sort , just like most cults of personality . 
  oh wow , i did n't know it happened there . 
  it 's truly appalling if even cihangir is n't safe from shit like this . 
  istanbul is also a huge melting pot of people from all over the country , so there can be substantial differences between neighbourhoods in terms of cultural progressiveness and individual freedom . 
  it shows that they are normal people who we can all empathize with . 
  two weeks .
