  dictatorships , patriotism ( ` nationalism ' ) , militarism , totalitarianism etc. 
  are just things that certain dictators enjoyed , which are not exclusive to fascism at all . 
  because people only make posts if they have an agenda , for example , your agenda is to either find out or provoke thought as to why russia is so popular . 
  some people have shared agendas ... 
  panarchist federation is the only thing that i see working, 
  it 's maintaining a status quo for $ $ $ i 'd like it to be abolished and replaced with some kind of isocratic european panarchist federation, 
  as a bisexual , i can never be sure that sexuality is real . 
  government , political parties etc. 
  the various mafias & bikies are present here , but they tend to follow their own ` honour ' codes which allow people to easily avoid them ... the government on the other hand ... ca n't avoid them ... 
  concentration camps ... 
   that 's like saying that the sf gay pride parades where they fuck in the streets help normalise it ok . . look in the mirror before you call me naive , i 'm referring to these specific imagines of same sex attraction that clearly do n't involve people fucking in the streets or anything repugnant . 
  call me naive but you appear to imply that certain views are naive and some are n't , the reality is that all views are naive , as they are all based upon perspectives . 
  yes , you have a point , these images can and may affirm a confirmation bias ( such as yours , where subtle images of homosexuality are negative or that opinions in favour of them must be too naive for consideration and have to be compared with sf parade fucking , which is ridiculous ) , but some risks need to be taken . 
  you realise you 're talking about a minority of people who have been ostracised from society for so long , i get how it can be slightly uncomfortable for some people but if you look from the perspective of people who had to deal with severe discomfort consistently for thousands of years ... it makes some sense . 
  if you have better ideas of how lgbt can normalise their existence without strategic placement of symbolic imagery , please let me know , i 'd be very interested to hear your opinion . 
  because it 's still somewhat taboo and such expose helps normalise it for the general population . 
  i did n't make them up , why do n't you try using google , and no , all words are made up so even if i was making up words it still works . 
  why do n't you respond to my actual point instead of calling out my use of language , why comment at all ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netocracy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isocracy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panarchy, 
  this is doublespeak but he 's right , the reason the west is ` successful ' is because it is a corporatist oligarchical * netocracy * ( run by a network ) . 
  democracy works for municipalities and tribes , whom are the only governments that have ever practiced the concept , what we actually need as an improvement is corporatist panarchical * isocracy * . 
  democracy is immature , it 's just mob rule based where those with an imaginary status ( citizenship ) are allowed to be part of the mob . 
  the catholic church wants to kill itself so the vatican can maintain itself as the world 's cosmological hub ( they want to shift from theology , which was once the world 's leading cosmological science , to astronomy & archaeological . 
  philosophy , mathematics have become universal , once chemistry and physics ( and all their children ) become universal , the next aim will be on astro & archae ) . 
  the vatican has been doing this since before it was christian , when it was in charge of mithraism ... prior to establishing themselves in rome , they operated in persia under zoroastrianism . 
  alchemy , occultism , gnosticism , blah blah blah, 
  english ; native italian ; pretty good at standard , though i mainly speak a mangled aussie-neapolitan dialect french ; alright latin ; getting there , do n't really speak it haha, 
  i consider fluency to be how the language * flows * through you , if you can coherently convey yourself in a language without thinking than you 're fluent . 
  you might not be very good or understand much but if you can connect your blabber into a stream by figuring out a way to say what you want while adhering to the language 's linguistic rules , then bam , fluent . 
  this is like the organic foods vs gmo argument ... gmo 's are n't the problem , it 's companies like * monsanto * that use their dominion of gmo 's to completely disregard the people outside their little circle of friends ... connect the dots . 
  enjoy living in your ` real ' world where people follow your ` real ' rules and anybody who questions them , let alone your certainty , is a ` shit troll ' . 
   in the real world you have to prove accusations that it 's rigged why are you so sure ? 
  proof is a lie for the lazy , what i could i possibly show you that could convince you ? 
  nothing , all words have holes . 
  if you want to see , be a witness . 
  i ca n't believe how so many people ca n't see how this is all scripted, 
  this whole thing is a business step 1 . educate yourselves and others about how politics works , forget left/right bullshit , go study some roman history for starters ... step 2 . replace our governments and remove politicians and political parties , introduce a national/federal panarchy via a corporal government that upholds an obvious humanist constitution and mutual accords/contracts/agreements , allow individual people and communities to dictate their own economic policies . 
  step 3 . create a hostel for immigrants educating them on how to do step 1 and 2 in their own countries and tell them that they have to deal with it themselves , migration should be judged per individual review , no rules or procedure . 
  our officials and populous need to be less ignorant and psychopathic before we can be judgemental . 
  dumbasses, 
  imagine if thousands of these refugees went and founded a city somewhere in libya and declared independence ? 
  do you think that maybe both european & ` islamic ' nations around the mediterranean could have more success getting along if they used a shared history as a way of connecting cultures ? 
  personally , i think if european and islamic nations stressed their shared greco-roman heritage ( instead of shared colonial heritage : s ) it might work out better ? 
  especially if it targets a form of culture that is n't so race driven . 
  just a thought . 
  this is how * all * politics works , it has been like this forever , it 's the art of imitating reality ... babylonians , hittites , aryans ( persians & indians ) , egyptians , canaanites ( phoenicians & hebrews ) , greeks , carthaginians , romans , french , venetians , blah blah blah . 
  all states do it , it 's a universal tactic because it is the * language * of the universe ( multiversal consciousness ) ... gnostics & alchemists have been recording it for thousands of years ... we live in a matrix , the program is n't like in the film , it 's controlled language . 
  yea , that quote does n't just mean to say ` the earth has it 's own gravitational field ' , it means that revolution is observed by looking from the perspective of a gravitational pull and that only reason the earth revolves around the sun is because we can observe the earth from the perspective of the sun 's gravitational pull , if we observe the sun from the perspective of the earth 's gravitational pull , then the sun is revolving around the earth . 
  my point was clear , it 's that despite objective of the study , the use of the word ` revolve ' in the post was n't damning , as the sun does indeed revolve around the earth because the word ` revolve ' is objective and does n't define it 's meaning by competition , just because the earth revolving around the sun is subjectively more prominent , does n't negate the meaning of the word ` revolve ' ; as the sun still revolves around the earth . 
  do you understand that you 're looking at the sun , a centre point of a solar system , in a galaxy etc. 
  from the perspective of a human living on earth , one of the planets from * within said solar system * . 
  do you know what a * point * is and do you know what a * revolution * is ? 
   what you meant to say was that earth has its own gravitational field no , that 's not really what i was trying to say , do n't you think it 's stupid to make assumptions regarding the opinion of somebody you do n't know , let alone suppose you may have misunderstood ; 1 . 
  what they were saying , 2 . 
  what you 're talking about ? 
  that 's because it does ... they both revolve around each other , seriously , does n't anybody know that each gravitational pull is a perspective that reflects radiation ? 
  from the gravitation pull of the earth , the sun does indeed revolve around the earth ... 
  i get what the study wants to say , i do n't know if they clarified their point of if there are that many stupid spaniards ( equally plausible ) , but the word ` revolve ' implies ` flying ' around something , if anybody knows anything about radiation , specifically how the sun 's ` rays ' interact with earth ... just cos the sun has the biggest gravitational pull does n't mean it ca n't be ` flying ' around something smaller . 
  it only looks stationary when you look at it from * it 's own perspective * . 
  ahhh , that classic idiot spin on the lazy man 's burden : `` using quotations to summarise my comment , as if i 'm saying something else that is completely retarded '' . 
  you 're a moron for thinking i agree with white guilt , in fact i think it 's pathetic . 
  you wo n't be taken seriously if you arrogantly throw ` liberal ' around as if it even means something . 
  everybody is liberal to an extent , you are using the doublespeak , bullshit version of the word assuming i sit somewhere on the dumbfuck political spectrum . 
   as long as the people are not helping themselves , i agree with this big time , the only thing we can do is show them an example of people who are helping themselves ( hard given that most westerners do n't lol ) . 
  maybe reforming our own societies would provide inspiration ... 
  no , we could try legitimate aid , as in instead of donating money to corrupt governments we could actually develop sustained living directly , which include mutual cooperation between the two . 
  perhaps it would be easier to spend money fortifying local towns and villages in africa & the middle east , as well as providing basic necessities and education to its denizens , both practical education and emotional education . 
  showing folks some empathy will teach them how to have empathy , ergo reducing psychopathic behaviour towards each other . 
  questing anything should n't be illegal ... what ever happened to `` there are no stupid questions '' ? 
  people should have gotten over this a long time ago, 
  maybe both sides are equally stupid for arguing over recognition of something that happened in the past instead of worrying about something that happens in the present like , i do n't know , refusing to get along and having shitty relations as a result of an argument about past mistakes . 
  bravo , clearly the work of a bunch of dumbfucks , this is why both sides deserve to deal with this bullshit . 
  they were all lazy murdering cowards , turkish , armenian , whatever . 
  anybody fighting a war is wrong . 
  no land is worth it , better to pack up and let the aggressors have their spoils then die for fuck all . 
  if you 're country is weak then that is the consequences of the mistakes of your ancestors , stop being lazy and blaming other ( goes for both sides ) . 
  and of course gays just get shit from everybody, 
  learn latin if you want to prepare for the future . 
  italy of all countries should know that politicians ca n't do anything because they * do n't * do anything anyway . 
  babylonian , hittite , persian , greek , carthaginian , roman , french , british , german , russian , american all states are multicultural , they just have amnesia, 
  if yugoslavia had formed a balkan state with bulgaria , hungary , romania/moldova & albania it could have formed a great power ... it seems that a potentially valuable lesson was also lost ... 
  lucky money is n't real . 
  you would n't know what fascism is even if it came and smacked you over the head, 
  just a charade , they 're working together to make their party ` progressive ' , in the future they want to appeal to secularists , atheists , lgbt , feminists etc. 
  whom are more passionately against ` islam ' . 
  they plan on shifting from anti-immigration to anti-islam . 
  if they succeed they might actually win . 
  the good news is the party will be much nicer , wo n't threaten the eu , but they 'll be a bitch germany and italy ( yea that 's right ) , go against britain/u . s. 
  bad news is it will introduce obvious discrimination against muslims/islam , which will help muslims radicalise so europe can have it 's enemy to unify against . 
  do n't worry about putin/russia , just another charade . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doublethink think about how this applies to words like ` democracy ' \u03b4\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u1fb0\u03c4\u1fd0\u0301\u1fb1 ( d\u0113mokrat\u00ed\u0101 ) - ` people/popular ' + ` ruling/command ' - says nothing about ` liberty ' , ` equality ' , ` fraternity ' etc. 
  you can easily say ` yea but the meanings of words change and blah blah blah ' , which is exactly what orwell talks about as he shows you * how * political words change . 
  latin is a 2000 year old ` dead ' language , it 's most modern rendition is used by the scientific community , sorta like a coding language ( the dialect used by the church is n't so clean ) . 
  modern english is a fairly recent language that thrived during the mighty british empire & cold war ... a lot of people do n't realise that george orwell 's 1984 was talking a lot about english . 
  long story short , latin imitates our 4th dimensional world , it 's words are compared with plasma , air , liquid , solid , plus the verb ` sum ' and a 5th declension for nouns which acts for void ( 0 ) . 
  most people think that it 's all a bunch of irrelevant baloney ... 
  latin will eventually win ... it 's like * clockwork * people will get fed up with dishonesty , they might not see it now ... but they will in 50 years , hopefully earlier . 
  why are we circle jerking about how silly russian tactics are ? 
  have you not looked at your own countries ? 
  i guarantee they 're no better !,
