  this should also apply to anyone , including christians , jews , nationalists , communists etc. 
  highly unlikely considering the majority of the population do n't like her, 
  no , no , no !, 
  the west * wants * them to be forced into an alliance , forcing two unstable political and economic powers to work with each other is not a remedy for success . 
  this is your daily reminder that only 10 % of france voted for le pen , have a great day . 
  there is so much complexity and confusion because most people look at this through the lens of bullshit . 
  all eu countries are basically part of the same ` party ' , where there are 2 main factions ( not left/right bullshit ) , there is the federalist and the separatist factions , whom both have the same overall agenda ; profit . 
  1 sides wants to make profit by creating a massive hyperpower , the other wants to do so via a multitude of varying powers . 
  everything else , national politics , european politics blah blah is just a bullshit charade , because at the end of the day it is the same handful of people , the ` party ' who will profit regardless of the outcome . 
  germany being in the centre is a charade , france complaining is a charade , britain leaving the eu is a charade , russia being the ` enemy ' is a charade . 
  you are both wrong because we still have feudalism , we never changed . 
  communism and capitalism are basically essential components to any civilisation , though to varying degrees . 
  old people ca n't internet, 
  who the fuck visits political party 's websites anyway ? 
  this . 
  they 'll use the uk as a scapegoat for all their corruptions and as a gateway for reform and benefits !, 
  is it better or worse for them to split ? 
  do you think catalan will become independent ? 
  is independence going to be a reality ? 
  i hope you guys succeed in derailing you 're francoist government , set an example against oligarchical authoritarianism in europe . 
  10 % of the population voted for her ... 
  not really roughly 20 % of the population has always been statistically extreme . 
  in france only 10 % of the population voted for le pen, 
  one method would be to create a federation , divide europe into smaller republics with roughly 5-10 million people and equating resources , that way they could have equal representation . 
  just because you were born in a land does n't mean you have the right to decide who else can live there . 
  the world belongs to all people , regardless of any law or legislation . 
  this . 
  it 's all the same feudal/authoritarian crap , does n't matter what flavour you sprinkle on it , they 're all the same . 
  keep in mind 5 star movement ( the main euroskeptic party in italy ) is not tied to russia , though lega nord is . 
  no one gives many fucks about the eu election . 
  in france 10 % of the population made up the 25 % of ` nazi ' votes that won them the election - 10 % of the population won an election . 
  lmfao these statistics are hand picked to make china look pretty . 
  they 're all bullshit, 
  europe should pride itself as a nation of many cultures and languages , creating a unique federation/union whatever that represents such diversity and history . 
  maybe if islam was n't so obnoxious people would n't be so hostile , it 's muslim 's responsibility to make their religion more friendly and tolerant , not everyone else 's responsibility to respect something so disgusting just because a large amount of people worship a sugar-coated interpretation of it . 
  sorry their charade was n't as believable as usual, 
  i 'm referring to your specific discontent, 
  democracy does n't exist . 
  ` democratic ' governments are just authoritarian oligarchies that apply * some * democratic principles . 
  you would n't hate them for their flaws if you * really * understood their plight . 
  same reason why you would n't get mad at someone with down syndrome if they insulted you . 
  i 'm not justifying their actions at all , obviously something needs to be done , but to hate them is irrational , immature and only makes the problem worse . 
  english , italian , napolitano , french and latin, 
  your response is a perfect example of my point and criticism , great job . 
  if you respond i will ignore you , even if i get a notification i wont read it, 
  haha nah i meant that they are rising . 
  you have 3 major problems 1 . 
  you 're either not reading my points or understanding their relevance 2 . 
  you 're responses are shifted , they do n't respond to my point but instead form a response as if i said something else 3 . 
  you do n't really understand how politics and economics works nor its history in the the 20th and 21st century . 
  the fact that you ca n't see a connection means that you are unfortunately incapable to have a rational discussion regarding the topic , as you clearly do n't understand or know enough e.g. 
  the significance of le pen advocating for economic ties with russia . 
  no point responding further , you are oblivious to anything other than your own biased political stubbornness . 
  also your last point is just semantics . 
  none of them associated with russia ? 
  are you living under a rock ? 
  use google plz , start with gazprom . 
  cbf responding to news channel obvious crap . 
  russia started this recently ? 
  fuck no , i never said that . 
  sorry i did n't supply proof , i thought you knew enough about europe considering you 're so ` knowledgeable ' on the subject . 
  both factions of euroskeptics have ties : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_le_pen go to where it says international politics ; europe nigel farage has appeared on russia today numerous times , where he actively condemns eu opposition to russia http://rt.com/news/eu-blood-ukraine-farage-693/ i 'm sure you know how to use google , but do you know how to read between the lines of politicians ? 
  maybe you pay too much attention to what they say instead of what they do . 
  if the politicians of the eu lie for power , why would n't their opponents ? 
  you should ignore political bullshit like ` praising ' , politicians lie about everything . 
  look at which people , nations and companies fund and support euroskeptic parties and open your eyes . 
  do you think its just a coincidence that russia today is the main media source spewing euroskeptic propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying the eu is awesome , or even necessary i 'm just saying that it is ridiculously obvious who their puppet masters are . 
  i do n't think so , i think they 're being played up so people get scared and vote against them . 
  keep in mind the 20 % support only counts for people who actually give a shit about the election which is roughly 50 % of the population . 
  it never existed , it never has - we are still living in a feudal society . 
  no , there was no standard ` italian ' language , it was forged - mostly based upon what was then the florentine dialect but nonetheless it was unique . 
  take a look at the italian written by dante and boccaccio , it is noticeably different to standard italian . 
  in case there was misinterpretation , created language does not exclude languages based from heavy borrowings . 
  hahaha cute they were constructed dear , politically for nationalistic purposes . 
  they 're based upon natural languages , much more so than esperanto , nonetheless they were created . 
  italian and german are constructed languages , among others . 
  i hear napulitan on t.v. 
  i 'm in the middle of this process , but i 'm from australia . 
  my father was born in italy , ergo i can become italian . 
  i have to book 2 appointments with the consulate , one for citizenship and one for passport . 
  down here the italian and greek consulates are filled with the laziest fucks so you got ta be persistent with questions and demands . 
  lmfao what are you saying that we should n't be nice to a minority of people we 've persecuted ( and still do to an extent ) ? 
  i was referring to the agenda of a united europe http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_europe even earlier if you include napoleon 's antics . 
  forces have been planning and preparing for this since the 19th century . 
  all this euroskepticism is being played up to scare people into unification . 
  jean jean jean jean jean jean jean, 
  nope that was when 20th century politics became standardised, 
  we have to start thinking about 21st century society , as games from the 20th century will no longer be played . 
  yes , however the nature of superpowerdom constantly changes and if states do n't adapt to the changing ` industry ' . 
  japan is actually doing fine because they 've invested in future industry , they 're primary concern is gaining influence of other states in asia ( instead of china ) , in order to establish a profitable network . 
  european countries have a different economy and the problem is scandinavian & germanic countries have invested in future industry more so than others , hence why german tends to dictate the eu - as europe 's wellbeing is mostly based upon inter european trade & cooperation . 
  european powers have always been superpowers and due globalisation they are starting to fall out of the spotlight ( russia ) - they know this and formed the eu in order to retain superpowerdom . 
  it is all about sustaining a network , they once exploited the rest of the world in order sustain power ( colonialism ) but now their sustainment relies on cooperation amongst each other . 
  you must not understand that france 's prosperity is based on it 's history as a big player , but times change , the world is growing and france ( along with all european states ) will not be able to sustain it 's position as a big player in a future of superstates if europe fractures ; france 's and europe 's are reliant on each other . 
  the smaller prosperous states ( belgium , austria etc. ), 
  are simply vessels of larger states or are part of complicated interstate coalitions as well as corporate alliances . 
  the consequences of the decisions you make now come into effect in the future - you wo n't notice much difference for initially . 
  you are also not understanding what i am saying and are making false assumptions . 
  i did not say reports that i disagree with were funded by ` russindichinese ' - whether they are factual or not is irrelevant as they are bullshit because they are designed to incite political factionalism against the eu in an attempt to destabilise it - never do they offer * plausible * alternatives , solutions or methods in dealing with the eu 's problems or effective strategies of exit .
