  the main reason these foreigner powers want a fractured eu is so they can establish non-western influence within the highly profitable europe . 
  this stuff is easy to understand if you ignore politics & ideology and look at cause and effect - what happens ; who wins , who loses - who is funding who and who wants what . 
  social and economic problems i.e. 
  traveling & movement ; you will have inconveniences traveling that will annoy locals and travellers ; ultimately impacting your tourism , importing & exporting obstacles within europe ; speaks for itself , also international presence . 
  france will have a lesser ability to ` get it 's way ' on the global platform ; operating in the shadow of the eu ( whom will no longer have policies accommodating for france ) and the us . 
  they 're just some if you go on google and do some research you 'll find hundred of reasons . 
  media is full of shit , many euroskeptic reports and ` statistics ' are funded by groups connected with russian , indian and chinese enterprise . 
  europe is n't an embodiment of fairness and justice , if france leaves the euro , the socio-economic consequences will vastly outweigh any consequences of remaining part of the euro - if we lived in a fantasy world where the government functioned appropriately then yes leaving the euro would be plausible , but it 's not and the concept is n't plausible . 
  heh , do n't kid yourselves you guys do n't work hard ( i 'm mediterranean you ca n't fool me ) . 
  i 'm not exactly saying that 's wrong , people should n't have to work all the time . 
  forget our stupid argument , europe is the future because the people are the most progressive and their rebellious attitude - they constantly want change , they 're always dissatisfied and hate their authority . 
  this attitude has been fundamental to all pivotal points in human history , whether it is greek , roman , chinese or whatever . 
  the world is fated to deal with a lot of bullshit in the next 20 years , but what will emerge afterwards will be massive european prosperity . 
  a state is a company , europe is the birth of western civilisation and the embodiment of the longest and most constant region of development . 
  regarding economy ; if you know anything about economics you 'll know that the innovator always dominates the market no matter how deep in shit they might of sunk - microsoft is still around , nintendo is still around , greece is still dumps salt on everything , italy is still making pizza , france is still made out of cheese . 
  stop assuming bullshit . 
  unlike you i do n't follow a faction , an ideology or any particular set of beliefs . 
  i do n't give a fuck about you , your country , anyones country , even ` my ' country can go fuck itself . 
  europe 's immigration problem is n't due to alien races but due to allowing anyone to live in europe , hence why you get islamic fucktards and such . 
  unfortunately , you have n't thought very deeply about why the european oligarchy decided to allow this little ` infestation ' to occur . 
  we are in the final stage of human slavery ( in the west ) , soon we will have machines to do our shitty work for us , however we still need slaves and the oligarchy knows that the average european is n't going to do any shitty labour , so they get immigrants . 
  soon when our technology is developed , when our aged population starts to thin out - boom , the accelerando ; cultural revolution , no more jobs for immigrants . 
  greece wo n't rise , unless you ditch your stupid religion and nationalism , get educated and productive ( instead sitting on your asses all day not paying tax or doing any work ) your fate is doomed for tourism and farm produce - you are gon na be italy 's demented little brother . 
  europe is n't burning they 're playing their people , making them fear the ` alien invasion ' . 
  you 've been sucked in and played . 
  xenophobia is a natural human instinct , that is true . 
  but with a rational understanding you can limit what you find ` x\u00e9nos ' . 
  if ethnicity is dictated from a gene pool , then it is most rational to have the most diverse and adaptable genes - that is why species die out . 
  your nationalism failed ... where 's your precious constantinople ? 
  hahah wow . 
  i 'm sorry but you are a fool for thinking an issue regarding a name is serious . 
  you do n't understand that all nations are made up , we all originated from africa it does n't matter who , what , when , where , how are a nation is formed because they are all bullshit fantasy organisations . 
  if a group of people who live in a place called ` macedonia ' and want to be called ` macedonia ' and want to believe some fantasy about them being related to whoeverthefuck - then they can . 
  you probably are n't even related to ancient greeks you probably have ` scum ' slavic , turkish , italic , jewish , phoenician , armenian , persian , arabian and north african genes , yet you still call yourself greek . 
  call yourself what you want , believe what ever delusion you want , just shut the fuck and stop telling other people how to live . 
  you 're not very intelligent , instead of reading what i am saying you just abuse me and yell at me as if i 'm saying something else . 
  you were the one who first mentioned greek people ( in relation to byzantines ) 2 . 
  the hellenic world and the ` greek ' people 's were like contemporary europeans , possessing various backgrounds and various languages ( and dialects ) , greek happened to be the linguafranca not everyone 's native language 3 . 
  i did n't say anything about athenian statesmen or ancient politics , i would n't be as immature and stupid as to quote ancient history that we have n't even completely understood . 
  i do n't care what your stupid teacher said 5 . 
  i 'm not macedonian , you are really ignorant and moronic , not to mention a piece of shit for wanting to ` destroy ' people 's countries 6 . 
  if macedonian slavs have been inhabiting macedonia since 148 bc , that 's long enough to call themselves macedonians , that was even before greek christians started calling themselves ` greek ' again . 
  you are n't capable of conversation and have no qualification to ` go from there ' or anywhere , you do n't even know how to talk to people . 
  i 'm an archaeologist you fuckstick . 
  i do n't like you , you are either a 12 year old or a really insecure fucked up person, 
  well that 's just what nationalist idiots and corrupt governments say/do , most macedonians do n't like their corrupt government 's wasteful funding on alexander the great statues . 
  also , it is n't fact that the ancient macedonian 's were ethnically ` greek ' , though there is some suggestion they spoke greek . 
  you might not have an issue but your government does , also they have been inhabiting an area they call ` macedonia ' for a while now and do not need to ask for permission , as the are is officially macedonia . 
  just because it was n't the exact historical location of the ancient kingdom of macedonia does n't mean it is n't a place called macedonia - an area 's name does n't have to be thousands of years old to be ` official ' . 
  well they live in a place called macedonia , they speak macedonian and their religion is macedonian orthodoxy . 
  what the fuck do you want them to do , organise their country based on greece 's opinions ? 
  oh because macedonia is copywrited to the greeks is it , you ca n't let anyone else use that name cos it was originally greek ? 
  oh well south tyrol in italy better change it 's name , oh north catalonia in france better change it 's name , oh britain and france better change their names . 
  oh siciliy and calabria better change their names because they were greek states too , oh antioch better change it 's name because they 're not byzantine anymore , oh oh oh lol cry me a river justin timberlake also fyi - greeks did call themselves romans , as hellene ( greek ) was used to refer to the pagan 's and was used in negative connotation until the rise of nationalism during ottoman occupation . 
  but they referred to themselves as ` romans ' and called themselves the ` roman empire ' , just like a particular modern slavic state calls itself ` macedonia ' and it 's people ` macedonian ' . 
  yea just like how the previous greek states called themselves ` roman ' . 
  the problem is people like you who give a shit about stupid shit like names and kingdoms , as if clarifying a name or position of a kingdom means anything , most of our history is speculative anyway . 
  for the sake of humanity : - do n't be sexist , homophobic , xenophobic in any way - keep religion to yourself - do n't be a terrorist - learn the local language and culture - be tolerant of dick heads of their culture , because they tolerate a huge amount of dick heads from yours . 
  - just be nice good luck, 
  of course , but i was n't talking about the lucrative nature of the energy industry ( or any industry really ) , i was referring to the reason why the eu has n't become energy independent . 
  the tycoons that rule the energy business with oil do n't want to be overthrown by the tycoons who rule with solar ( or whatever ) . 
  but the difference is , the later can be produced within europe . 
  it 's not a conspiracy, 
  of course it could , the real question is would the eu receive backlash from corporations and foreign states if it tried create enough renewable energy sources ? 
  yes , because those people want to stay in control of the energy industry and wo n't let their industry become obsolete . 
  of course they can . 
  everyone seems to be forgetting that 1 . 
  russia is reliant on europe for gas revenue and 2 . 
  europe has already began investment in alternative means of energy including renewable energy such as solar energy . 
  europe has russia by the balls not so much the other way round , propaganda is making it seem otherwise . 
  dream time , emu 's and stuff, 
  `` do n't give me pork please '' there problem solved . 
  so ... who won ? 
  well that 's what ya get for caring about stupid shit, 
   if every political system is the same i said `` every political system has done the same stupid shit . 
  '' , not that they were the same . 
   you do n't have to personally live in certain place to know something about the quality of life , but you seem to think that you do here you blabber on about some made up assumption about an opinion i did n't even express or mention  i mean if you 're taking the position that things of the past do n't matter i do n't even know where you pulled this from  and you ca n't say something about places you 've never been to , why do you even talk about the british empire , the us and napoleonic france ? 
  because i 'm not asserting any claims about how life was like under those or any regimes , i 'm asserting that experiential claims from those who had n't lived under the respected regime obviously know jack shit about the experience . 
  i recommend actually responding to my point instead of the useless tangent that you just produced . 
   the dangers of fascistic , racist totalitarianism blah , blah , blah , every political system has done the same stupid shit . 
  you 've never lived in nazi germany , fascist italy , spain or whatever , you would have no idea how dangerous they are in comparison to yours or other states like , oh i do n't know , the british empire , the usa , imperial france etc. 
  yea , well passports are stupid . 
  that 's cos you live in a bubble, 
   are you seriously that ignorant of history to claim otherwise ? 
  you do realise history is not a science and is not very factual , if you want a scientific analysis of the past , and specifically human behaviour , go study archaeological . 
  history is more or less mythology . 
   you do n't understand diplomatic agreements , do you ? 
  the germans invaded poland , which had its independence guaranteed by the french and british governments , meaning they were under obligation to defend poland from the invading germans . 
  yes , i 've played europa universalis too , i 'm trying to tell you that `` had its independence guaranteed by the french and british governments '' is a bullshit excuse and does n't make them innocent . 
  they made a conscious decision to partake in war which could have been avoided . 
   sure , but that was n't being invaded by the allies too , considering the soviet union was still years from being allied with the uk . 
  yea but you said germany are responsible for starting the war because they invaded poland . 
   something that was diplomatically required too . 
  oh really ? 
  so that ` diplomatic requirement ' defines their innocence ? 
  again , was n't the criteria of starting a war associated with invasion/attacking a country ? 
  because that 's the logic that considers germany responsible , which is the same logic that considers the allies responsible . 
  why is a diplomatic agreement so magical ? 
  sounds like dogmatic bullshit . 
   shocking as it may be to you , understanding the latin language does n't mean you 're not ignorant about this particular topic , silly wehraboo .
