  i think it 's always been a stupid charade , it 's just no we have less people pretending it 's not a charade . 
   in my world , artists saying hateful stuff is way less dangerous than politicians who one day may have the power to enforce it . 
  i do n't really care because i do n't think anybody should be banned for anything other than high treason . 
  it 's not the politicians responsibility to enforce anything , that 's what the people are supposed to be doing . 
  he 's legitimately representing a portion of his society and has * people * backing him , wether you or i agree or disagree . 
  just because you think he 's hateful is irrelevant , if you delegitimise his supporters , you 're discriminating against people 's political impositions , thus your opinion is as detrimental as that of his supporters who target other minority groups for * their political impositions * . 
  if you think donald trump is exceptionally worse than any other politician then you 're delusional . 
  that 's the problem , people acting like somebody else is better . 
  lol i 'm not a kid and i 'm not 14 . 
  you 're just butt hurt because you lost an argument . 
  i do n't fucking care what you * think , say or do . 
   keep allowing kurdish and middle eastern terrorists to australia ( i know there are already plenty of them ) , you will find out soon enough anyway . 
  you say stupid shit like this and you 're surprised i call you retarded ? 
  yes , you 're definitely the retarded one , no you 're not a troll , trolls can be intelligent . 
  after this reply , there 's no way you 're smart enough to be a troll , i 'll go with retard ... a * colossal retard * . 
   oh yes , we should grab our m-16s and go hunt down whoever opposes our self-righteous ideas . 
  because that is what modern society do . 
  otherwise , we deserve to die . 
  because thousands of people died in 9/11 deserved it , those lost their lives in paris just because of a leftover primitive religion also deserved it , civillians died in tunusia , lebanon deserved it . 
  as i said in my original , and clarified once more ( in response to your other comment . ), 
  * i did not * * did not * * say * * that you should kill people * * and * * that they , or anybody , deserves to die * clearly , due to either retarded , emotional or troll logic , you automatically assume i 'm referring to a violent rebellion or vigilante , or revolution ... 
  when i say people are responsible , i 'm not saying they deserve to die . 
  it means that * their responses to the situation resulted in death * , it does n't mean they should be punished , scolded or whatever . 
  it just means their mistakes costed them their life , stop getting offended ...  it does not care about your ideas , your culture , your skin color , your religion . 
  yea , i know , i do n't know what the fuck you think i 'm saying or how this is relevant . 
   it is easy to talk when you are so far away from terrorism , it is , that 's why i 'm talking , so try listening instead of talking back, 
   the thing you perhaps do n't know is , you do n't have to be a cop or a security force serving state to be killed by pkk . 
  yea no shit , like that baby  they put a bomb in a trash container in 2008 , this attack occured 150 meter away from my house . 
  17 people died , they were all civillians . 
  police station or any goverment building was not even near that place . 
  so it was clearly against civillians.then are we `` partly '' responsible for living in this country ? 
  yup you sure are , you allow yourselves to be subjected by terrorists and police , instead of controlling your own lives you allow organisations to run amuck . 
  your collective society is * partly * responsible for these attacks because your collective society * had n't responded adequately to terrorism and police brutality * . 
  this shit does n't happen in other places because the people do n't tolerate it . 
   so you are saying they deserved to die just because they wanted to live a normal life ? 
  a 5 months old baby deserved to burn to death because his father was a policeman ? 
  why do n't you re-read my comment * because i clearly did n't say that * . 
  i clearly said  it 's stupid to pretend that the police officer is n't partly responsible   partly responsible partly responsible for the occurrence of these crimes , * i said nothing about anybody deserving anything * , in fact i said `` i 'm against killing people '' . 
  a 5 month old baby died , * partly * because his father was irresponsible and did n't think about the repercussions of serving in a governmental police force , in a volatile region that is hostile towards the government . 
  is the father a murderer ? 
  no , he 's just * partly responsible * for the things that happen to him and his family , as a result * of the job he accepted * . 
  nowhere did i insinuate anything else . 
  guess who else is partly responsible ? 
  the pkk , but there 's already enough people pointing out their responsibility , * nobody * is mentioning the consequences of serving a governmental police force ( basically a legal gang ) . 
  and ? 
  white people kill more white people than anybody else . 
  white people mostly enslaved white people too ... 
  i 'm against killing people but it 's stupid to pretend that the police officer is n't partly responsible . 
  becoming a cop = becoming a gangster , they should understand that they 're becoming an antagonist when they accept that job . 
  as fucked as that behaviour is , it does sound like a really good way to deter people from becoming policemen in turkish kurdistan ... 
  you ever heard of lebanon ? 
   corporatist interests corporatocratic * interests ... corporatism is something else ... 
  social democrats are n't implementing corporatism strong enough , need to implement a form of corporatism that is balanced between social democracy and fascism . 
  if this happened in france with a bunch of frenchmen nobody would be reporting anything . 
  sorry france . 
  statistical evidence is bullshit , it 's * all doctored to support a particular question * . 
  iran might have a higher homicide rate ( allegedly ) , but that does n't mean there is * more death and suffering * . 
  most death and suffering is associated with poverty , not crimes . 
   who execute a fuckton more people than saudi arabia for the same reasons as saudi arabia saudi arabia , or specifically their government , kill more people and sustain a far more oppressive quality of life . 
  statistically iran executes more , but do you know how much more brutal saudi arabian society is ? 
  i guarantee you there is much more * death and suffering * in saudi arabia than iran . 
   fuel sectarian warfare across the region and ? 
  so does saudia arabia , arguable more so !, 
  al qaeda , isis , fsa etc. 
   have close ties with russia & are committed to the destruction of the most liberal & western-styled democracy in the middle east lol good , i 'm not loyal to russia , iran , nor their ideologies but i 'm not a democrat and do not care for democracies thus unsympathetic . 
   influence over saudi arabia helps prevent a repeat of the 1970s oil embargo , which brought all our economies to a grind ... good point , i agree influence should be sustained for now . 
   but is that tiny bit better enough to outweigh the geopolitical benefits of our relationship with saudi ? 
  another good point , i do n't know , i think cultural-historic ties with iran would be more useful in the region . 
  i think countries like greece and italy could be used to reach out to them . 
  iran is the lesser of two evils , so naturally that perspective is justified but they both are still just roman puppets pretending to be the main antagonists in the region so you do n't realise that all the gains generated from all the losses in the middle eastern conflicts are getting funnelled to the west . 
  well he was really popular at the time so ... 
  wrong . 
  unlike democracies , assassins know * exactly who is running the country * . 
  lol according to whom ? 
  that definition is n't accurate : `` fascism should more appropriately be called corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power '' `` the definition of fascism is the marriage of corporation and state '' they 're from mussolini , who wrote the doctrine of fascism , and also staunchly opposed left/right politics so ... 
  the authoritarianism and the nationalism were just the means employed to achieve the ` marriage ' . 
  it did n't . 
  it 's not corporatist enough and still employs democracy ( even if the elections are rigged , its whole bureaucratic process impedes fascist principles ) . 
  see , besides being a blockhead who ca n't even * respond to my goddamn argument * , the problem is you have to have a government/authority or some shit to hold your hand and tell you what 's officially ` right ' . 
  i could n't give a * flying fuck * about any of official positions or recognitions , i 'm * clearly * talking about the ethnic composition of cyprus prior to the coup , which was * mixed * and opposed to joining the hellenic republic and partitioning land to turkey . 
  everything you say is worthless when you * keep ignoring * that simple little fact . 
   i never hide the fact that i 'm greek and i do n't believe that being a third part in a confict of two has any bearing in the `` objectiveness '' of one 's arguments . 
  maybe that 's why you 're an idiot , because you refuse to look ` outside the box ' . 
  3rd parties are the best at highlighting the retardedness of the 1st and 2nd . 
   that 's the position of turkey and turkey alone.you 're not turkish by any chance ? 
  lmfao , * no * it most definitely is not only turkeys ' , and no i am not turkish , muslim or anything that sympathises with the turkish governments ' agenda . 
  it 's funny because * what * you 're saying sounds like the position of a bigoted anti-turkish , greek-cypriot nationalist ... you 're not greek or greek cypriot by any chance ? 
  lol , do you want me to blabber on about the appearance of your language instead of responding to the * actual * comment ? 
  you got anyway of proving my comment wrong ? 
  cos it does n't look like it if all you could come up with was ` blah blah blah turkish ' . 
  the current independent cyprus is the remnants of a greek ( hellenic republic ) sponsored coup . 
  the previous independent cyprus was a multicultural government that rejected both enosis and taksim ... 
  is n't it like 100x more awkward to take a photo , put it on the internet and then complain about it ? 
  would seriously rather let putin have it than nsa, 
  i 'll bite , i understand the esoteric significance of the bible , how ` christ ' is energy and the mathematic significance of the trinity etc. 
  yet i 'll still condemn * all * catholic churches , wether ` catholic ' , protestant or orthodox , in addition to the vast majority of theologies . 
  why ? 
  because they 've become completely incompetent . 
  they 've literally been replaced by * other * corporations , because that 's what the bible is incase you do n't know , a manual for electromagnetism and economics 101 . 
  one mans trash ...
