  and also treating the negative effects , the same way how one would need to do something about pollution caused from a factory . 
  no , not racial , forget race - it is circumstantial - those people living in the land whom are still to this day affected by the arrival and subsequently colonisation of the land . 
  they do n't deserve compromise because their descendants suffered they deserve compromise because they still suffer indirectly from colonisation hundreds of years ago . 
  jesus , think outside the box stop making me repeat myself . 
  why does n't it ? 
  if you use stolen money inherited from your father , are you not responsible ? 
  yeah and the effects of that colonialism is still relevant , relevant to the point were their descendants want to form an independent state on the basis of that colonialism . 
  no because there race is n't the reason of ` discrimination ' , but their actions as colonisers . 
  oh everyone does it therefore it 's acceptable ... the reason it is considerable is because there are people who are alive today whose lives have been effected as a result of colonisation . 
  i know afrikaaners are one of the better ones but still , if you saw the effects first hand you 'd understand . 
  well judging the opinions of israeli youth , there is still hope . 
  legally i am an australian and an italian and i 'm not loyal to either ... glamorising a nation is the same as glamorising any other symbolic or fictitious entity ... * cough * jesus * cough * religion * cough * . 
  i hope they do join ... when their current zionist and islamist regimes are toppled and when palestinians and israelis share a state together and live as brothers . 
  that 's not racist, 
  i did n't say they had to return land , in fact no one owns any land - a unique compromise has to be made with the others , a mediated compromise . 
  as long as they can peacefully co-exist with whatever autonomy they choose and respect those of the past . 
  much of it was yes , but not all of it , hence why i generally agree with the concept . 
  oh no i said i agree with the general concept of afrikaaner independence . 
  my criticism is related to this metaphor : if your father steals treasure , buries it in your backyard , later gets arrested/thrown into jail blah blah , if you dig up the treasure and claim it as your own , are n't you disregarding the fact that it is still stolen ? 
  i think a compromise needs to be made , not with the south african government , but with local populations . 
  also , sounds like you 're spewing out propaganda , i would try and come up with a more appealing way to deliver your message . 
  i support the general concept but i am against nationalism , racism and ignorance to the fact that you 're ancestors were colonisers and that you are currently living on the wealth and development that was sustained as a result of this colonisation . 
  i 'm australian so ... 
  i can talk . 
  incase you 're a lesbian , barilla is sorta anti-gay . 
  is it possible that the eu can police libya 's coastline ? 
  this is not a conspiracy ... 
  this is not a conspiracy ... 
  damn propaganda crap, 
  i plan on maybe studying in li\u00e9ge in the future , from what i 've investigated it seems there are a lot of progressive people , but there is a bit more crime . 
  in melbourne camberwell is a posh rich area lol, 
  do n't trust religious statistics because they generally count people who are atheists or irreligious that had once had an affiliation - e.g. 
  there is fuckload of middleastarabians in france but there is no fucking way that over 70 % are religious , no way . 
  the catholic census and the turkish census i know for a fact is severely botched . 
  it highlights how definitions are n't reliable . 
  that was n't the topic of this specific ( sub-thread ? ), 
  discussion . 
  one of the reasons why turkey has n't join the eu is because of geography , this little discussion was highlighting wether this was a legitimate reason . 
  there are no rules on definitions of a ` nation 's ethnic identity ' because it is something made up by man , ergo anything can be considered correct or incorrect . 
  the argument is `` turkey ca n't join because they 're geographically not in europe '', 
  you know that europe and asia are technically the same continent, 
  similar situation in italy , except most purposely do n't remove their affiliation with catholicism due to family and communal reasons . 
  i do n't know about turkey , but there are way more atheists/non-religious people in italy then depicted with the whole vatican thing and their politics . 
  a tree that started in africa ... which means all civilisations are part of the same tree ... 
  instead of trying to include everyone in the ` ok ' group , we should just abolish this whole sexual , masculine/feminine is important culture crap that flourished under religious authoritarianism ... we should have a ` who gives a fuck ' culture about these things , this is the problem . 
  the romans would disagree with you, 
  people seem to forget that rights are made up, 
  people should n't brush this aside , it might not be 100 % correct but there is more truth in this comment then all political jargon . 
  abstaining from voting is essentially a yes and no for both sides , considering they understand the process it is clear they must respect the leader and their ` votes ' technically go to whose winning . 
  otherwise they should have voting against the leader . 
  10 % of the population voted for her ... as 40 % of the population voted in the election . 
  go to france or ask french people about her - it is clear she wo n't win and probably wo n't come 2nd either . 
  it requires a revolution , the current system of governance needs to be removed because it is ineffective , then a new system of governance can be installed and act in a democratic fashion . 
  it is impossible to change the political system by votes as the system is designed to be manipulated and corrupted . 
  lol none , the point is to change the political system, 
  eu needs to federalise if it wants to be powerful in the future but the u.s. is not a good model to draw from . 
  i think switzerland and maybe belgium ( to an extent ) are good examples of how the eu will work well as a federation in the future . 
  my point is n't regarding the process of ` democracy ' but the fact that it does n't do what it claims to do , which is assign governance to the people . 
  no , control is not exercised by the ability to make laws , it involves much more . 
  it seems you 're just arguing for the sake of it , if you are going to resort to a special unique definition of ` control ' to win an argument then i 'm not going to bother . 
  no it 's not complicated , you know what control means in this instance , especially with the state . 
  whoever rules over the country does not act in accordance to the demos ( people ) but in accordance to his own interests . 
  no , they do n't control the affairs of the state , they have influence but not cratos ( - cracy ) - you know this . 
  thank you for identifying past systems of ` implementation ' , but when have the people actually been in control ? 
  that was what democracy is supposed to represent , even in ancient greece it never did . 
  well no because democracy is supposed to mean `` people - governing '' that is what the two greek words mean . 
  sure the people have influence to whatever extent but they by no means govern anything . 
  culture is something to be enjoyed not something to be considered infallible . 
  more and more reasons not to go to russia, 
  this . 
  democracy is a myth . 
  the point is so many people from all over rome emigrated into italy and became native yet during the whole roman empire , roman culture remained prevalent . 
  ancient rome contradicts you !, 
  there is also a significant likelihood that young muslims will become atheists . 
  ahem, 
  lol australians consider the parmagiana as an aussie dish , except it is made a little different - usually just a chicken schnitzel with ham , cheese & tomato sauce sitting on top a mountain of fries . 
  i like your attitude and actually agree to some extent , however what is considered fun is subjective to circumstance , most people have different concepts of fun . 
  people can have fun without causing damage to others and people can become motivated and have an energising life without harming others . 
  also there is different between putting yourself into danger and other people into danger . 
  why do n't they just elect them both as presidents , roman style . 
  its not good because you isolate people who do n't fit into the culture and that brews intolerance and xenophobia . 
  many is not everyone , nor is it the majority - most europeans would n't give two fucks . 
  yes , many in the eu want them to split, 
  every single government is essentially a gang and is authoritarian . 
  someone really needs to start a humanist party, 
  he probably is n't really religious , surely a career in politics would open ones eyes . 
  ban her from stuff, 
  eu & us already spies on itself/each other since forever and they ca n't become enemies quickly because their political , economic and cultural ties are so intertwined it would take decades to undo, 
  i 'm a multinational, 
  culture is just a fun word for bullshit, 
  yes because it will strengthen europe 's independence from the u.s. 
  do it . 
  it will make scotland interesting again , 
  i do n't think catalonian nor scottish independence movements have ties to russia , considering their liberal ( little l ) intentions . 
  someone please correct or inform me if i 'm wrong . 
  islamophobia in the 21st century is rational . 
  immigrants per se are not problematic , depending on various circumstances , their cultures and religion ( well at least interpretations of religion ) can not exist in a western or humanistic society . 
  islam in it 's general form is included , if islam wants respect than it must be reformed , though there are a minority of muslims who have made efforts e.g. 
  the gay mosque in france . 
  europe is fundamentally a humanistic society , therefore immigrants need to modify their culture and integrate humanism , they do n't ( nor should n't ) have to abandon their cultures , just respect and not repel against humanism or western values .
