  i disagree , because i do n't agree with the historic statistics of both sides ( especially nazi & japanese atrocities , though i 'm not denying the atrocities themselves ) . 
  i go by archaeological evidence , however , if i were to play along : did you include allied operations ( many of which were covert ) in latin america , sub-saharan africa , central asia & the indian sub-continent ? 
  i think you 'll find the the axis still ` win ' , also the chinese victims were n't all japanese casualties , the chinese nationalists were responsible for a large chunk of the chinese tally . 
  the nazi 's killed way less people than the allies ... way less, 
  at the moment i like marcus aurelius , but i do n't have a favourite . 
  does napoleon count ? 
  eu should adopt bitcoin, 
  somebody should put him on the cover of big whoop magazine, 
  this is just a charade so rome can transfer russian * oomf * to italy & china ( one of it 's vassals ) . 
  when i say rome i mean the * empire * , not the italian capital city nor the ancient republic . 
  ask the vatican, 
  ;d actually i 'd probably be worse xd, 
  english , italian , french & latin latin is by far the most useful, 
  if everybody learned latin instead of english , we 'd be much better off . 
  fuck the military, 
  democracy is pretty shitty . 
  mob rule + elected officials ... no thanks . 
  give us isocracy ; autocracy for myself , democracy for my society . 
  do n't look if it hurts your feelings . 
  she 's not a fascist at all , and fascists are not necessarily nationalist , patriot , racist , violent or totalitarian . 
  fascism is corporatism . 
  ` corporatism ' as we know it is an economic system , fascism is just political corporatism , it was originally started by futurists in italy and was a progressive & modernist movement . 
  mussolini hijacked the movement and changed it for his liking , and then hitler did the same to mussolini 's . 
  people need to remember : 1 . this video is biased , was made purposely to highlight extreme racists , paint an image of golden dawn 2 . 
  european , specifically mediterranean racism , is * much * different to british , american & nazi racism . 
  while social ` racism ' is never good , does n't always imply hate and/or will to subjugate . 
  3 . sometimes it 's just vulgar socio-cultural criticism made by unintelligent people . 
  nobody ever truly believes the shit that come out of their mouths . 
  soviet alchemy, 
  schools in ` european ' ( really humanist ) islam should open , targeting pre-renaissance ideas of the persians , abbasids , sufis etc. 
  as well as european history ( spain , sicily , balkans , russia/eurasia ) . 
  if humanist islam spreads amongst the muslim community , everybody will be happier , hopefully more tolerant of each other . 
  ( that includes muslim attitudes towards lgbt , women , infidels , etc. ), 
  greece is vassal state , mostly controlled by italy . 
  where italy goes , it will follow . 
  italy & germany are part of a faction that wants to reduce british , american , french & russian influence . 
  it would be up to the vatican , whom more or less control both states ( russian old believers/kgb + obvious pro-u.s. polish oligarchy ), 
  give unto caesar what is caesar 's, 
  nope , english is doomed . 
  invest in latin if you care about learning languages of the future . 
  it does n't matter , whatever culture they bring over to europe will assimilate with them , that includes islam . 
  islam looks like it 's taking over europe but what we 're witnessing is the beginning of it 's consumption ... by the west . 
  soon , all theistic religions will be lumped together and we wo n't have ` islam ' anymore . 
  the best parts of islamic culture will be absorbed into mainstream european culture and its worst parts will be shat out , just like how food passes through a persons body . 
   i consider myself a post-nationalist , sorry to digress but that 's very interesting , i have a similar opinion , except i feel that nations are evolving outside of their materialistic embodiments ( race , genes , territory , language etc. ) . 
  i actually feel a new unforeseeable wave of nationalism is brewing , something akin to competing brands of humanism perhaps ? 
   i 'm aragonese , so please do n't lecture me about the history of my own country . 
  very well  that identifying the catalan language exclusively with catalonia is a mistake . 
  yea , i know , i think that 's obvious considering how i 've already mentioned valencia , balearic islands and sardinia . 
   there were ( and still are ) people who spoke catalan who were n't catalans , as there were people who spoke castillian ( or proto-castilian if you wish ) who were n't castillians because that thing did n't even exist as a kingdom . 
  yea , i agree , that 's why i said * `` everybody else with an association to catalonian culture '' * , that includes a half-french half-nigerian immigrant who has been working in barcelona for 10 years . 
  edit : there only needs to have ever been one catalan kingdom , even if it 's as small as andorra . 
   the term calatan countries is a xixth invention ok   and it 's medieval justification simply do n't exist i 'm sorry what ? 
  all ideas are made up , just because this one was made up in medieval times does n't mean it can not be justified . 
  all ideas are equal and anything can be justified . 
  you realise * all countries * arguable ` simply do n't exist ' . 
   but even with that , there is as much cultural difference between present-day aragon and catalonia , as in catalonia and valencia ( in fact , both pretty small ) . 
  great , thanks for reminding me , but i was already aware . 
  i was sort of making a diplomatic suggestion , i really do n't care what anybody does . 
  yes there is and has , how the fuck did the catalan language and culture come into existence if no such thing ever existed ? 
  are you not aware that before the crown of aragon merged with castille , it had merged with various catalan kingdoms to form it 's own empire ? 
  under the aragonese empire , catalan culture , along with aragonese culture , flourished and it even spread to sardinia . 
  a lot of people are n't aware but a long time ago when the byzantine empire was slowly succumbing to islamic invaders , swaths of levantiners mass migrated to greek speaking territories under independent or catholic rule such as sicily , calabria , apulia , epirus , achaea , morea , crete , cyprus , naxos etc. 
  these levantiners , whom were referred to as ` syrians ' ended up assimilating and making up a huge portion of the aforementioned regions gene pool . 
  they assimilated so well in fact that many of the locals themselves had forgotten it had ever happened . 
  perhaps they should offer a compromise and propose to give valencians , the balearic islanders and everybody else with an association to catalonian culture a say in the vote ? 
  similar mentality in melbourne , except more emphasis on speed + mdma than cocaine because it 's ridiculously expensive here and pretty shitty quality for its price too . 
  because a 30yo who had acquired such money , has n't spent enough time passing that money through the economy ( in order to balance a deficit ) . 
  it 's actually not about being monetarily successful , it 's about not having spent time acting as a ` portal ' for resources i.e. 
  * working * . 
  somebody with lots of money who works a lot and inspires other people to work are deserving of whatever wealth they accumulate , but it takes a lot of time and experience just to accomplish an individual ` opera ' ( a completed act of working ) . 
  they totally actually really truly do , in fact, 
  australian rules football . 
  but firenze , italy wins : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvjevtkfkbc, 
  remember when i said you ca n't read very well and just like arguing ? 
  you ca n't see how the left parties in your country are fucking people over ? 
  because they pass some laws and say something nice about a certain minority means that all * other behaviour becomes annulled * ? 
  all those politicians , left or right , are * gangsters * . 
  they 're part of a gang , regardless of their platform , and they tasked with exploiting people , their prey . 
  that 's theit job . 
  they 're exploiters , predators ... do n't bother replying if you 're not going to read my comment and stay on point . 
  i 'm telling you you 're blind to the fact that * all the other political parties that you tolerate are in fact guilty of the same things * . 
  i 'm criticising your double standard and inconsistent opinion and behaviour . 
   now , what you 're saying is that if b stop hating , a will stop it . 
  no , i 'm not , you ca n't read very well and just like arguing . 
  ah yes , jews had a rocky relationship with the native population ... they were like muslims today , they had massive sectarian problems associated jewish hostility . 
  likewise , jewish hostility towards natives were fueled by discrimination . 
  break the cycle . 
  seeing how you 're not a neo-nazi , it is reasonable to assume * that you do n't understand them * . 
  of course it 's fair , but it just makes you guilty of the same crime . 
  hate . 
  why do you think neo-nazi 's hate minorities ? 
  because minorities hate them . 
  do you hate yourself ? 
  you hate fascists for not being nice , yet you insist on not being nice to them nor to me ... lol i disagree with your entire point because it 's based on this inconsistent logic that does n't solve any problems . 
   fascist parties add nothing . 
  all great empires in our history have virtually been fascist ... egyptians , babylonians , hittites , achaemenids , macedonians , romans ... these societies refute your claims , all of which have definitely added plenty . 
   not every political views are possible . 
  yes they are , all ideas are equal , it does n't matter what some piece of paper says it can not deny this ultimate reality . 
  additionally , i do n't think fascist parties should be forbidden at all , for similar reasons .
