  understand how a ceo functions , more specifically those associated with the federal reserve 7 . 
  understand how common people profit the king , lord etc. 
  understand how common people profit the rothschilds 9 . 
  use logic 10 . 
  regret this comment, 
  when will europe not be ruled by the rothschilds ? 
  i think it 's about time europe overthrew it 's monarchy and build a real democracy , not a bullshit charade . 
  take a look at history - everyone has immigrations problems and you ca n't stop it . 
  you ca n't win be playing by their rules and using their system . 
  need to change the game . 
  this . 
  lmfao realistically those teams would be promoted and given money to buy better players, 
  careers are for losers, 
  yea well their culture is rapidly spreading so get used to it . 
  a good way to predict future events to understand what the culture will be like . 
  future europoops will probs start speaking latin again, 
  lol believe what you want but if you ca n't eventually understand the logic , then it will be a burden for you . 
  no , do n't be absurd - sex does n't exist for anything besides precisely what it is used for . 
  i 'm sorry but why would you presume homosexuality harms the chance of procreation , a homosexual or anyone with any homoeroticism is equally capable of reproducing as a heterosexual , they just ( might ) not enjoy the physical process . 
  if it was self destructive than it would have wiped out but instead homoeroticism wo n't go away , clearly it is being utilised by the species if it has lasted for thousands of years . 
  the only detrimental effect associated with homosexuality is those caused by social ostricisation or discrimination . 
  also are you aware that : 1 . 
  humans do n't need to reproduce , there is no evidence that says it is necessary to even pass on our genes on at all . 
  if someone does n't want to pass on there genes then so be it . 
  humans can reproduce without sex and in the future ivfs or test tube babies will probably be the normal method of reproduction not to mention that homosexuals will be able to convert sperm or eggs into each other for the process of fertilisation 3 . 
  a homosexual can and does partake in heterosexual sex or sperm donation in order to father a baby look , i do n't mean to offend you but you really do n't understand evolution at all , you seem to view evolution as some kind of computer process with ` bugs ' and ` errors ' . 
  you need to think of cause and effect , not purpose - purpose is not always concept we can determine . 
  unlikely an error , more likely an adaptation to mammal 's sexual behaviour ( sex for pleasure 99 % of the time 1 % for reproduction ) , i suppose bisexuality is the pinnacle of that development . 
  i see those symptoms as signs of impending doom . 
  sigh shut up , it 's always both sides who are bad ... 
  always . 
  no one is gon na achieve anything if we keep pretending that religion is n't a problem . 
  well yea you 'd hope so , a simple uncomplicated law that has little interpretational value will do . 
  i disagree , i think it 's important to remember that rules/law are just symbolic guidelines and should not be followed so religiously as if it was some kind of infallible scripture . 
  not to justify ukip or corrupt governments but the ` cheap trick ' could easily be void if the legislation could only act upon register groups , in this case , is would be registered . 
  an armed group that carries out lethal attacks specifically targeting civilians ? 
  what if the reason for stripping of citizenship is determined specifically on the basis of joining a terrorist group/empire and not just because of disagreeing ? 
  it 's not they have the same power as each other , they each operate uniquely and only follow a constitutional fundamental law and agreements . 
  a hypothetical efficient government would not hire political parties or politicians to govern it , instead senators ( with whatever political party or affiliation ) would propose legislation , amendments all that jargon , while a council of constitutionalists oversee it 's legality , then a senate of technocrats would review its rationality and efficiency , finally the democratic popularity of the senator proposing the ` whatever ' would be considered . 
  these are the 4 fundamental functions of government . 
  elections would occur every 4 years , but instead of voting for a party/person , you would fill out an application specifying your personal ideology ( an opinion to pivotal debated topics ) , which would determine which part of the spectrum your vote counts for . 
  their would be 2 spectrums to measure , the first would record percentage of socialism & liberalism ( centre-left 65 % socialist , 35 % liberal ) . 
  the second would record which bias the country should enforce it 's law : humanitarian bias , libertarian bias , authoritarian bias or totalitarian bias . 
  of course it would only be a moderate bias to a balanced mix of all 4 . 
  not much socially/culturally , just operate as one entity , with regions instead of members - sorta how switzerland 's cantons are . 
  i think europe should be a federation but not become one country . 
  besides a common linguafranca ( english , latin , esperanto etc. 
  ) , each country should retain its language , culture etc. 
  the federation would have to be extremely unorthodox and must be decentralised , while government headquarters would naturally operate in brussels , there should be no official european capital , each country should retain their capital . 
  italy needs a humanist revolution, 
  the shit themselves over eu immigration but not islamic immigrants , whom due to a large number of non-racist circumstances , are more problematic ? 
  they should focus more on educating , integrating and promoting humanist reform for immigrating peoples . 
  zionist or islamist propaganda is insulting the real victims : the palestinians and israelis who just want to live in peace together . 
  no they 're not , it 's the common people who want to live in harmony or peace that are the victims and they are any ethnicity . 
  zionists and islamists are both responsible, 
  they 're part of the game, 
  no , you are under the false impression that justice is measured as an ` eye for an eye ' . 
  they are both responsible because they refuse to act maturely and responsible and both consciously continue this emotional and selfish conflict . 
  the fact that neither side can not put their differences and history aside , agree to share the land and work together is why they both are responsible . 
  they are too emotional and ideological , and obsessive of past events , which ca n't be changed , yet they refuse to change the future for the better . 
  hamas is just as responsible as israel for any/all casualties . 
  why do n't we just kill all oligarchs and go back to hunter-gathering ? 
  propaganda alert , propaganda alert stop pretending there is a good and a bad side , both factions are equally wrong beep beep, 
  some starving kid somewhere could use that money more ... 
  if muslims get generalised as islamists it 's offensive , but if jews get generalised as zionists it 's ok ? 
  that is their logic . 
  this is why palestine will never be free , because they and their followers are too immature . 
  this . 
  symbolic gestures are not worth risking more lives . 
  it 's a perfect supplement for immersion , it 's most effective as a revision tool . 
  identity is bullshit . 
  they speak macedonian and enjoy macedonian culture , a culture which the inhabitants of macedonia developed regardless of their ethnicity . 
  you ca n't be wrong about something made up , identity and culture is all made up . 
  you 're delusional and value greek culture too much , it 's just symbolic bullshit that does n't even have an accurate history , no one has to nor should they care wether or not they accurately depict ancient stories that were n't accurately depicted in the first place . 
  we 're all african anyway . 
  oh shut up we 're all african by that logic , besides there is some ` greek ' or makedonian blood circulating through their veins despite being predominantly slavic . 
  iran is not italy, 
  both sides are too immature and brainwashed by delusion/nationalism/religion . 
  they should just accept that israel and palestine are different words for the same place , one is semitic and the other is latin . 
  the arabic ` palestinians ' have to accept their unfortunate history and understand that they are now a minority in their land and it has to be shared , while the jewish ` israelis ' should remember their history and not be so hypocritical . 
  they should both start treating each other like brothers and mingle together . 
  it 's such a joke , hopefully in 10 years italy will be ` free ', 
  people are being payed to support propaganda on the internet, 
  those bastards ... 
  lol yea berlusconi made me lol too, 
  lol croatia has more rights than italy ... what the fuck . 
  gay people are n't allowed to watch football now, 
  not officially , but they do have influence and their politics , society and economy are all intertwined on the same level as most other eu states their size . 
  lol they are basically eu states, 
  no no , i mean that the benefits of wellbeing come first , it is more important . 
  naturally profit is desired , but not at the expense of wellbeing , wellbeing has higher priority . 
  what a load of bullshit , they should n't compromise , infrastructure is supposed to be for the wellbeing of the population not profit . 
  for petty stuff and useless information , sure why not - but for serious information that actually has significant consequences i.e. 
  serious criminal charges such as murder or millions $ of fraud , absolutely not . 
  lgbti people are the closest thing to nazi era jews , they are treated as sub-human more so than any race or group of people in the world . 
  being bullied , harassed or whatever is one thing , but it 's the sub-human nature of discrimination which is the real reason why lgbtiwtfbbq are really eating shit :(, 
  generally yes but it depends , its more about treating the effects of colonialism as a whole . 
  not necessarily economic , they would simply have to communicate with victims and help them by attempting to revert indirect damage caused by colonisation . 
  no , you are either a troll who is successfully baiting me are just ignorant if the afrikaaners or anyone who is prospering from the development of the region as a result of colonisation wants to create a state , that means they bear official responsibility for that land , those responsibilities includes the positives and negatives i.e. 
  reaping reward from whatever ( industry , development , etc. ),
