lol good job , 
  no they mean out of the big countries ... 
  so just , uk , germany , france , italy , spain and poland ... 
  yea i know you were , the other people replying did n't hahaha i was responding in terms of you being uncomfortable seeing gay people , i was trying to explain how that mentality is dangerous because it ostracises a group of people , just because of some harmless form of behaviour . 
  i know you do n't mean harm and i think it 's great that you are tolerant . 
  all i 'm saying is that when i a whole population is uncomfortable around you just because of something you 're born with ... well it 's fucking shit ... :(, 
  all part of the same european feudal oligarchy , but if you do n't understand the context you 'll just accuse me of being a tinfoil or something . 
  lol they already are in eu ... ( hopefully someone out there knows what i mean ), 
  fair enough, 
  and bam you lose , just like that . 
  lmfao i said `` everything you described '' why bother comment/argue if you have nothing to say ? 
  wow no offence but this made me a little pissed off at luxeumbourg  :( though to be fair , there was probably more to it - they probs pissed off someone high up ? 
  to be fair though , this agreement wo n't change much, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's already being skewered behind the curtains , got something to do with a disagreement between european and american oligarchs . 
  it 's hard to understand when you do n't get discriminated against everyday by people just because they are ` uncomfortable ' or find you disgusting . 
  maybe if you did , you 'd understand why people act the way they do and understand that disgust or discomfort is something ingrained by society . 
  sounds like fun, 
  man , that will be exciting, 
  you do n't seem to know what feudalism is . 
  everything you described means nothing . 
  to you second point 1 . 
  i 'm some sort of snowflake anarchist , i think politics is bad and do n't believe in a necessity for ` order ' to function . 
  i agree that lots of people are good at identifying a problem , but not acting upon it . 
  this is essentially a root to many of our problems as a species , relying on some other mechanism to serve us . 
  this is why we want things like slaves , money systems , governments , etc. 
  any problem you can think of there is a solution that involves relying on a foreign system . 
  even traveling ( planes , cars etc. ) . 
  we simply need to build a new system from scratch , stop clinging onto the - isms and traditions of old and think outside the box a bit . 
  maybe it 's time for all these former roman states to re-unify . 
  should of done 3 votes over the course of the year , one in jan , july and dec. 
  malta was italian and before that ` roman ' , their language comes from the islamic arab/berber/whatever state that once ran in sicily before norman ( or someone ) came and reconquered . 
  the islamic forces then fled to malta where their language remained in use ( bilingual to italian though ) and then maltese eventually developed ... ( mostly from semitic and italian ) . 
  culturally and ethnically maltese are closest to italians ( sicilians ) despite the language . 
  you 're gon na have a really bad day when you realise democracy does n't exist and we still use feudalism, 
  why are you mad that the ukrainian government is using nazis as cannonfodder against the russians ? 
  lol you think people follow principals ? 
  it 's a political situation ... someone wants to win and make the other lose ... 
  both regimes need to be put down and both nationalist and islamist/zionist/fascist qualities should be condemned . 
  yea pretty spot on man , very interesting, 
  just need to promote more pacifism , people will naturally tone down the hate . 
  i do n't know , there seems to be a lot of hate towards male homosexuality . 
  yea , i see where it comes from but i can also see where shit and piss come from . 
  i do understand , though it still does n't justify russian culture ... but i do understand . 
  interesting, 
  what about towards lbgt ? 
  if uk leaves the eu it will just be for show . 
  their economies are way too intertwined and will just be another switzerland/norway . 
  in other words everything will be mostly the same but will be called something else . 
  con-artists and wife stealers ... so basically italians minus the pizza , right ? 
  wait no i 'm pretty sure they really like pizza too ... 
  and hillbillies, 
  this is wrong , catalan is a gallo-romance , not ibero-romance, 
  the eu is the spawn of a cocktail of soviet and eurallied oligarchs whom are building the soviet union 2.0 . 
  though , the left/right concept that you speak of will be obsolete within the coming years . 
  the nato infliltration is fading and euro wants it 's old throne back ... 
  the old ussr will be annexed , turkey , iran , old ottoman middle east ... it 's all going to be eaten . 
  right/left do n't exist anymore , instead there are 2 spectrums nature : socialism and liberalism application : authoritarianism and libertarianism nature is associated with what type of laws are put in place and application is how they are applied . 
  ` culture ' and ` religion ' are n't real things , they are embodiments of one 's beliefs . 
  religion and/or culture obviously both link to homophobia . 
  the ` better ' purpose of the lingua franca is too subjective to define as such, 
  i think latin has higher jurisdiction because it was used for an extensive period of time ( thousands of years ... ), 
  latin is most influential european lingua-franca - a standardised dialect or variant would need to be formed . 
  the language is actually not hard at all - i study it and find it easier than french , which i am also studying . 
  it has maybe a 10th of the vocabulary of english , it just uses a slightly more complex grammar system which is n't really hard to learn anyway . 
  i should be in the eu ? 
  by 2050 - though they will lose kurdistan, 
  latin, 
  did you think for a second which people will be alive in the year 2050 ? 
  well the imf should make new rules then :d, 
  oh the federalisation process is a 100 year plan - it 's been rolling since the 50s . 
  the only conceived losses are overseas territories , they plan on eventually including all of europe ( former soviets , yugoslavia , albania , etc. ) . 
  they also plan to include turkey but are a little iffy and are debating wether to allow for morocco , lebanon , israel , iran , kurdistan etc. 
  to be part of the plan or to include them in the next plan . 
  nope - both outcomes support the interests of various european oligarchs and both outcomes will be associated with eventual federalisation . 
  there are people who want a federal europe with smaller , more balanced states and there are those who want a few larger countries to act as ` leaders ' - both are in the interests of europe . 
  unfortunately yea , islam is one the big ideologies of this century , like marxism and capitalism , we have islam and secular humanism ( atheist/agnostic movement ) . 
  i 'm sure others will emerge too . 
  nah relax , too many muslims live comfortable ` western ' lives , they wo n't give that up easily . 
  it will be the future 's biggest religion , but religion wo n't have the same influence it does today . 
  the good news is that it might have a split between ` reformed ' and ` orthodox ' kinda thing . 
  eu will be stronger because spain will no longer be a ` player ' - france , germany and italy will benefit . 
  catalonia deserves independence , but it will be another hallmark of iberia 's decline in power . 
  really iberia should unify though . 
  catalans are more closely related to the gallo-romano ( occitan ) peoples from south france and north west italy . 
  keep in mind : while extremely unlikely , it still could be a pie language , which is n't exactly ruled out among linguistics . 
  here 's a better solution : italy , france , spain , portugal , malta , san marino , monaco and wallonia all reunite and form a new roman republic . 
  lol always breaking the rules sooooooo true . 
  do n't be absurd , there is always a thriving blackmarket in every state . 
  no one needs to do/be anything . 
  it 's more that politics that occur today were determined years ago , this is just part of a process that will eventually involve a brussels-scotland . 
  religion needs to go asap, 
  they 'll be independent soon enough, 
  all part of a greater plan - federalists are preparing for the future european federation , which would need to be comprised of balanced states . 
  it 's not conspiracy crap , if it was conspiracy crap then people would simply explain why it 's crap instead of just claiming its bullshit without any other comment . 
  you should go through this step by step process 1 . 
  understand assigned fictitious value is 3 . 
  understand how feudalism utilised assigned fictitious value 4 . 
  understand how gold , money , materials etc. 
  are all assigned fictitious value 5 . 
  understand how a king , lord or emperor functions 6 .
