  people can really enjoy living in their country even if they think it has a lot of flaws . 
  third world countries can be some of the happiest places in the world , even when everyone under the age of 30 wants to get out . 
  also , many spaniards will shit on their country all day long even if they think it 's one of the best places to live . 
  to be fair , it 's a link to a vid , anyone can watch it and form their own opinion . 
  sure , it 's just a 2 minute vid of something that happenened in a particular place at a certain time . 
  i do n't really think there is this massive indoctrinaction campaign to brainwash catalans or anything like that , but i find the video very troubling because of the age of those children , and i 'm sad people ca n't see that because abc = bad . 
  i wonder how people would react if some teachers had 5 year olds recreate some gruesome * reconquista * event and say `` kill all the moors/christians , kill them all ! '', 
  or something like that . 
  it 's just super weird . 
  the worst thing about this is that it 's an easy meme to reproduce . 
  once some tiny leftist group does it for the first time , it 's so easy for copycats to do the same and get praised on twitter by ` like-minded ' individuals ( or hate from others , but they love that hate too ) . 
  hey , i can see my uncle 's flat . 
  love the city but i absolutely hate driving in it . 
  they 're not . 
  bullfighting is heavily subsidized and a lot of tickets are given away for free . 
  bullrings are still half empty in many places . 
  and even if they were full that does n't mean most people like it . 
  that 's like saying that everyone goes to the theater because theaters are full . 
  well , there is always going to be some prejudice , and romanians are one of the biggest inmigrant groups , so some people associate the word with the concept of ` shady eastern european scammer ' and the roma people . 
  we just call them ` romanian gypsies ' to differentiate them from the local ones , so ` romanian ' may have slightly bad connotations to some people . 
  i do n't think you guys are hated at all , though some people mistake romanians with eastern european gipsies . 
  but romanians learn the language pretty fast ( quite few of them without barely any accent ) and have a reputation of hard workers . 
  a friend who owns some farm land says stuff like : you need two people for that job , or one romanian . 
  yeah , the number peaked at almost 900k but it 's around 750k now . 
  the only other significant group from the highlighted countries are bulgarians , and i 've met some poles , but i doubt there are many czechs here, 
  the thing is that the % of people who really care about this issue is smaller . 
  a lot of people do n't like it or support it , but they kinda ignore it , or they wo n't vote another party just because of this issue . 
  it 's slowly becoming more relevant because there are huge generational differences . 
  that vote in the spanish congress was clearly politically motivated to bully catalonia . 
  it 's obvious to anyone who is aware about the canary islands ban . 
  just as the catalan ban was in part also political . 
  but bullfighting is n't terribly popular in other parts of spain . 
  i grew up in c\u00e1ceres and when the pp lost its majority , the parties voted to cut public funding of bullfights . 
  you know what happened ? 
  no more bullfighting . 
  and the same would ( or has ) happened in many other cities . 
  summer bull festivals are another story . 
  people in those small towns really care about those traditions , even in catalonia . 
  if we 're going to be a monarchy , we should follow the one true king aka the mannis , and not those bourbon usurpers . 
  hey , we 're the same here . 
  we love the euromonies . 
  i 'm not anti-referendum , and i do n't like the way this is being handled by the central government . 
  i 'm just answering to a specific question about the relevance of this referendum , and i would believe the same if i were a hardcore catalan nationalist . 
  my prediction is that it wo n't matter . 
  i do n't say that as a political statement . 
  i 'm just bored of this situation . 
  this is groundhog day . 
  they already held a similar referendum ( without the government 's approval ) so most pro-union people will stay at home and the result wo n't reflect the political reality . 
  it 's up to nationalists to escalate the situation if they really want to see some change ( i 'm obviously talking about peaceful action here ) . 
  i 'm sure culture plays a part in this too . 
  a lot of people here feel more police means more safety and they actually complain when they never see police cars in their safe upper-middle class neighborhoods . 
  back in the 90s and early 2000s , creating x new police jobs was a popular election promise . 
  do you understand that argument can be used to justify 19th-century working conditions ? 
  i 'm not a unionist or anything like that , but for every other worker protection or privilege , you could say that there are people willing to work without it . 
  there will always be people willing to work crazy long hours , without paid overtime , paid vacations , public holidays or weekends , days off , parental leave or protective gear . 
  i 'm in favor of shops opening on sundays , i 'm just saying `` people willing to do something '' is not a good argument . 
  probably students and professionals in big cities . 
  i met a couple of turks in madrid when i was studying and they were cosmopolitan middle-class students from istambul and they despised erdogan ( and this was a few years ago when things were n't that bad ) . 
  i imagine these numbers are about direct investments like construction projects . 
  from that point of view , i think castilla le\u00f3n 's size and location probably drive up the investment despite the low population density , especially considering all communications between madrid and the north go through the region ( for instance , check a map of the high speed railroads ) . 
  although some people see a victory for nationalism , i think the results lead to a very complex scenario . 
  you can read the results as a triumph of ciu + erc . 
  however , it is also interesting to see how the total of votes of ciu and erc remains pretty much the same , so it seems that many of the erc voters that supported mas in the previous election , came back to erc . 
  and i find it funny that this has happened right after ciu has made its bigger bet for independence and an explicit call for a referendum . 
  the big question is : will erc support mas ? 
  will erc support the austerity policies undertaken by ciu ? 
  in other words , can we consider ciu and erc a solid block that will set indepence as their primary goal ? 
  can they pull together to follow a common goal ? 
  you are right , my bad . 
  i need to be more careful about these details . 
  i think this is an exaggeration . 
  however , it is true that a majority among members and supporters of that party has a rather `` understanding '' if not possitive opinion of those times . 
  that does n't imply that a majority of them want to take the country back to those times , though . 
  the thing is that we did n't had any kind of succesful liberal revolution or civil rights movement . 
  our rights are not really the result of a fight but a gift by some benevolent authority that decides what rights we derserve . 
  it is sad , but i have found that a significant majority of people in spain feel very confortable when authorities violate the rights of those they do n't agree with . 
  this happens even among liberal people . 
  we never had the `` i disagree with what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it '' thing . 
  that 's why it 's so easy for the goverment to go out and kick some kids in the street or beat the shit out of some activist in a police station . 
  they only need to make people disagree with the victim 's idea . 
  me too . 
  the erasmus program has done more for european integration than ( almost ) anything else . 
  nothing better to stop a trend of centuries of war and animosity than getting drunk , having sex and sharing other once-in-a-lifetime experiences with other european guys . 
  the really scaring part is is that police officers wo n't do anything ... 
  it was n't that bad !, 
  check this [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz8ynywaoek ) from minute 1:35 to 1:42 . 
  violent protestors and riot police working shoulder to shoulder in perfect harmony , oh , wait ... 
  although this statement is disgusting and i do not condone it by any means , it is worth mentioning that this so-called spanish military association is integrated by former military members , so we can take these words as pretty much the ramblings of a bunch of old crazies . 
  really , i had to look it up , it 's the first time i heard of them . 
  to be honest , the title is misleading and the article lacks any intention to clarify this fact and makes the whole thing sound like a much bigger thing . 
  i would like to learn more about the claim that catalans are poorer and have worse infrastructures . 
  i am a spanish citizen with no particular feelings about catalonia 's independence ( i believe in the right of nations to self-determination ) . 
  however , when i listen to catalan nationalist leaders and read their articles , it seems very often that they feed their supporters with whatever bullshit they can come up with in order to gain support and power . 
  are there any serious studies on , for example , the quality of healthcare or education in catalonia compared with `` poorer '' regions of spain ? 
  if so , are they able to prove a connection with this supossed pillage and this quality ? 
  are these studies discarding other causes to this difference in service ( worse management , population density , etc ) ? 
  is their situation worse than other rich regions like madrid ? 
  spanish and catalan nationalists are using very strong terms these days and making very relevant claims , and i would like to get more info about the real facts and less slogans and brainwashing . 
  this is arguably a myth . 
  first of all you are mixing up different entities such as the county of barcelona and the crown of aragon before and after the dinastical union with castille .
