  this was the deliberate rotation of the liberal and conservative parties in the government , so no sector of the bourgeoisie felt isolated , while all other parties were excluded from the system . 
  ** this was achieved by electoral fraud . 
  ** one of the main pilars of the system was the * caciquismo * , a clientelist network in rural spain , built around the * caciques * . 
  they were local prominent figures , usually landowners , who had a big say in who had a job or ran a business . 
  you did n't want to fall out of their favor . 
  these * caciques * used this power to manipulate elections . 
  this power structure was pretty much left untouched during franco 's dictatorship ( 1939-1975 ) , and even though things have changed a lot , there is now a political culture strongly inspired by more than 100 years of * caciquismo * . 
  local and regional politics often revolve about well-known political clans , often linked to 1-3 important businesspeople . 
  they all help each other in legal and illegal ways . 
  subsidies and public contracts are sometimes assigned to friends , and public companies are often a place to give jobs to relatives and friends . 
  and also , many people believe farm subisides are used as a way to bribe and control the agrarian south . 
  i wo n't defend people that destroy public and private property just to get the adrenaline rush , i have no sympathy for them , but i also think we have to remain calm and not overreact to certain images . 
  it does n't look like it was the case in frankfurt , but certain media groups are very good at giving a distorted image of protests , and many people want to scare public opinion into accepting restrictions on certain rights and ambiguously worded legislation . 
  there are already laws against burning police cars . 
  to be fair , they worked they asses off for 40 years and were pretty frugal people until their children became independent ( tbh , they lived like people earning 1/4th of their income ) . 
  it 's more like a lifelong achievement , but yeah , it 's a little bit wtf . 
  it does n't look like it 's going to be the same for people of our generation though . 
  it 's important to note that those figures are adjusted for purchasing power parity , so salaries are lowered in places where shit 's expensive . 
  i 'm not too surprised about spain . 
  most of experienced high-school teachers can afford a pretty nice upper-middle class lifestyle . 
  my aunt and uncle are both teachers and about to retire , and they own 3 houses , nice german cars and travel abroad frequently since their children finished university and got nice jobs . 
  teachers are not really the problem of education in spain anyway . 
  generalizations never help . 
  but if you find people making huge generalizations about the roma , and then they get all offended when you make a generalization that includes them , it only means that you have the possibility to call them out of their bullshit , not that generalizations are fair . 
  i do n't know , it 's like saying it 's disgusting the way black people is treated in america while commenting the shooting of mike brown . 
  you kinda imply that every black person has been treated like that , or that most white americans do n't find it disgusting too . 
  if i saw a video of some roma children stealing and someone said the behaviour of roma children is disgusting , i would say something too . 
  it 's a very complex issue because of the current border situation in europe . 
  certain country might have pushed a minority to the fringes of society , promoting anti-social behaviours in said minority that are now very hard to revert . 
  one can argue that said country has a responsibility , just like many people think america has to take some degree of responsibility for the situation of black trapped in systemic poverty . 
  but in the context of the eu , a new question arises . 
  do countries like sweden or france have to deal with a situation caused in central europe ? 
  and when i say a situation , it 's something that will take generations and a lot tensions caused by people 's interaction with that community . 
  yeah , we all walk around abusing roma people and feel great joy when we see news like these ... 
  it 's what europeans do , like , all the time . 
  i do n't really think you can talk about vitriol to describe the thread . 
  first of all the tone in most of the posts is fairly neutral and many people are simply stating their experience . 
  sure , there are also some people generalizing , but then , you have to take into account that op did n't just ask for our opinion , but he explicitly asked about the bad stuff it is indeed a very difficult issue and it simply has no easy solution , partly because of the general culture of many roma groups . 
  you will be right when you say that this culture is a product of centuries of discriminarion and abuse , but it is obvious the behaviour of many of them does n't help . 
  in spain 's case , we have two different ethnic groups : the old-school gypsies that have lived in this country for centuries and are a integral part of spain 's culture and folklore , and the newly arrived roma people that come from central europe . 
  the truth is that the situation of spain 's gypsies was not much different a few decades ago . 
  they were also itinerant , lived in shanty towns built out of trash , did n't school their children , did n't integrate and were often involved in criminal activites . 
  that was also the result of being shunned by society for centuries . 
  the situation is much better nowadays , there is much less stigma and a majority of gypsies live normal ( relatively ) honest lives , but it has taken decades of tension and putting up with waste of public funding ,, 
  just to make it clear to non-spanish redditors : * the place was already supposed to contain cervantes ' remains . 
  * a few decades after cervantes death there were some renovation works in the convent and his remains where moved . 
  * the study has found several adult bones and the archeological and historical data strongly suggests that cervantes and his wife 's remains are there . 
  however , all the bones are mixed up . 
  * cervantes only had one daughter ( a natural child ) , who in turn only had one child , and she died in infancy . 
  * of his relatives , we only know the location of her sister luisa 's remains . 
  she was a nun and her bones were moved to a mass grave with ~ 200 other nuns . 
  consequently , it 's very unlikely we will ever get any sort of dna evidence . 
  * still , we can now say that the place that was said to have his remains , does indeed have them . 
  the city hall is clearly trying to create a new touristic attraction out of nowhere ( because we already knew the place and there is a huge-ass plaque on the fa\u00e7ade ) . 
  but i still think most of people would agree they had to go down there and check the state of the remains . 
  i still think it would be a huge scandal if any of those affairs were confirmed . 
  i mean , we all know juancar could n't keep it in his pants , and his marriage has been a farce for decades , but it has never been acknowledged . 
   i can say it would be a big deal here for the president . 
  that 's for sure , but i 'm under the impression that those things are not published without the approval of certain people , that 's why everyone thinks monago 's shenanigans were exposed by his own party . 
  who knows , maybe one day we learn the truth about rajoy 's preferences . 
  [ haika mutil ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkqrnxsb8ug ) is another great song of his . 
  i myself make mistakes , but , to be honest , i do n't think the spelling and grammar on this sub are that bad , and i would go as far as to say it 's relatively good compared to most non-academic subs . 
  there are also many mistakes that foreign speakers rarely make , mostly the phonetic stuff : your/you 're , there ` their/they 're , `` could of '' , `` defiantly '' , effect/affect , bear/bare , etc. 
  i does n't mean we do n't speak potato from time to time . 
   would it be helpful to correct mistakes ? 
  i do n't think we need a vigilante grammar checker or a bot . 
  but i also think it 's fine to tell someone : hey , did n't you mean x instead of y ? 
  sometimes , the best people to do this are the people from the same country as the `` offender '' . 
  i remember some other spaniard correcting me on using `` militant '' to translate the spanish word * `` militante '' * ( activist , member of some group or party , you can say * militante de greenpeace * ) . 
  it was a slip-up , hell , we read about isis militants all the time . 
  my point is , let 's just try to help people get their message across . 
  there is a lot of interesting discussion of complex issues on / r/europe , and you sometimes see people leave their `` english comfort zone '' to give their perspective . 
  i would just make sure we do n't discourage participation . 
  [ ba-dum-tss ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/ba_dum_tss_ugly_americans.gif ), 
  well , that 's one of several theories , we will never now for sure . 
  exactly , we love to hate putin . 
  apparently , / r/europe, 
  it has worked for the last thousand or so years . 
  with people like this , who needs isis ... 
  i do n't think op was talking about the real ghost towns in places like teruel or soria . 
   but the government has also built large cities with well-paved roads , great infrastructure and large houses ... that all lie abandoned . 
  it sounds like op has recently seen some article or news piece about sese\u00f1a or other failed mega development . 
  it 's never been a thing in spain . 
  i imagine it would be more interesting in a alternate universe without schengen or the eu , but right now there is simply no incentive for it . 
  it could have made sense if spain was more tolerant to federalism or to the british conception of having different nations within a state ( we were , before the bourbons ) . 
  many people and parties have proposed federalim in the past . 
  in fact there was a very strong federalist movement in the spanish left a decade ago , but it was killed by the conservatives . 
  this is probably one of the reasons behind the growth of outright seccesionism in the last few years . 
  and there is a certain cultural separation . 
  i grew up 100km away from the border and i still feel more `` at home '' in rome than in lisbon . 
  but maybe that 's just me . 
  growing up 3h away from lisbon , i know a lot of people that speak portuguese and that studied/worked/lived in portugal , and they love the country , but i 'd say that 's not so common in other parts of the country . 
  i have far less data regarding those parts . 
  well , we show our legs more than our armpits here ( maybe i 'm wrong ) , and we tend to have darker hair than swedes , so it usually stands out more . 
  a friend was paying around 1700 $ for a room in a 3-br house . 
  i love the city , but i will never be able to afford a place there . 
  i 'd say it 's not uncommon in spain , but not prevalent and definitely not expected . 
  it 's more common to shave other body parts like legs , arms or shoulders . 
  i think that the general attitude on male body hair is live and let live : some people shave some parts of their body , some people do n't , but we do n't really shame either . 
  15-20 years ago , it was more common to still find the old-fashioned guys that said that shaving your legs was effeminate , but nowadays even guys in their 40s and 50s shave their legs and/or chest if they feel more confortable .
