  i wonder if they included the spanish republican flairs too . 
  sadly , it 's pretty much impossible this lawsuit will get anywhere . 
  the 1977 amnesty law is solid and many jurists think that revoking it would be unconstitutional , as it would violate the principle of non-retroactivity . 
  the un has urged spain to repeal the law and investigate the crimes , as there is no statue of limitations for crimes against humanity . 
  it 's really shameful that the same law granted amnesty to both political prisoners and government officials that infringed on human rights , so the same law that freed an opposition activist protects the guy that beat the shit out of him in the basement of some police station . 
   what does this actually mean besides the obvious title ? 
  it does n't tell you anything besides the number of opera performances . 
  i guess you can safely infer that this is related to some degree to the attendance and the general interest in opera in those countries , although there are definitely numerous other factors that can influence attendance ( disposable income , ticket prices , public funding , geographical distribution of opera houses , etc ) . 
  other than that , nobody is making any claims about any country 's art appreciation or cultural progress . 
  to be honest , i 'd like to know the questions asked . 
  most of the time , these maps are more an index of people 's opinions than anything . 
  it 's hard to study to what degree different societies tolerate unpopular/offensive opinions . 
  right now , i could write certain things about the victims of terrorism or our beloved king that could land me in front of a judge if someone at the police saw it . 
  there are also laws against offending ~ ~ religion sensitivity ~ ~ catholics , but those cases seem to be more easily dismissed by spanish courts . 
  and you do n't have to be a relevant figure , plenty of people have gotten in trouble for tweeting wrong opinions . 
  most people in spain seem in favor of banning certain kinds of speech , although what is deemed offensive depends on the political views of who you ask . 
  both poland and spain have in common that a significant part of the population remembers what it 's like to live under a non-democratic regime . 
  that might have a some influence on people 's opinions on the state of freedom of speech , but that 's pure speculation . 
  it 's almost 50km away from alc\u00e1ntara , closer to hinojal , although the whole area is very underpopulated . 
  you can see a very early stage of the works on [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.es/maps/@39.7159723,-6.4411008,2464m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  the article you linked mentions the alcantara dam , but the town is pretty far away . 
  the dam is one of the largest man-made lakes of europe and affects 91km of the river ( all the length until the next dam upstream ) . 
  it 's very close to a couple of similar bridges over the [ tagus ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/9190320.jpg ) and [ almonte ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-3rnschc_nnk/t4xjdx2bggi/aaaaaaaaagc/e6yynuurt3m/s1600/a-66._puente_sobre_el_ri%cc%81o_almonte.jpg ) rivers for the a66 highway . 
  that 's a lot of impressive engineering in the middle of nowhere . 
  edit : the a66 bridge over the tagus made the headlines because of the unexpected and really scary wind-induced movements ( [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtk7sihbaek ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odebjyuhogq ) ) . 
  what shocks me the most about that painting is how natural and empty the surroundings of the river look , especially before the m30 motorway was put undeground ( [ this ] ( http://www.espinillo.org/barrio/novedades/m30/20101201-antes-despues/050308-pte-segovia.jpg ) is what the bridge on the painting looked like a few years ago ) . 
  the sad thing is that most people behind the historic memory movement did n't want to make too much noise , especially all the people that wanted to investigate the mass graves . 
  in my opinion , it was mostly certain conservative interests that turned it into such a big deal . 
  like most other scandals of the time , it was n't really about political convinction but mostly as a way to attack and erode zapatero 's government . 
  you can wipe out isis from the face of the earth and still get this kind of attacks . 
  we 'll have to wait until we learn more about the attackers , but the terrorists are usually citizens born and raised in the country . 
  they often have some kind of experience in conflict zones , but the problem are these radical ideologies and these lone wolf strategies : no leaders , no structures , no organization . 
  any angry young person that has been brainwashed into thinking that their life sucks because of `` western oppresion of muslims '' , or some other bullshit , can buy some weapons in the black market and shoot some people . 
  and spending trillions in carpet bombing the middle east wo n't stop that . 
  i 'm not necessarily saying we should n't do anything about isis , though . 
  lol . 
  i obviously do n't say that if you are mature you should like it , or that if you do n't like it you are inmature or less educated . 
  i firmly defend that people like what they like , and if you do n't enjoy something that some intelectual elite has decided is good , good for you . 
  seriously , i hate people that criticize what other people do in their leisure time : the books they read , the movies and tv shows the watch , etc. 
  all i 'm saying is that if you force a bunch of unmotivated 16 year olds to read the book , very few of them will enjoy it . 
  spanish has n't changed as much as english since the early 1600s but the language and vocabulary can still be a little bit off-putting and distractive , making immersion difficult . 
  it 's only recently that the idea of giving students modernized versions has started to gain more consideration . 
  but it 's not only the language , don quixote does n't work very well as a compulsory reading for teenagers . 
  most of them just try to follow the plot and either get lost or find it absurd , without appreciating its richness and ambiguity , the psychological exploration of characters , and how the work has sparked all kinds of interpretations for centuries . 
  generally speaking , the spanish education system has done a very poor job at explaining students why the classics deserved to be considered as such . 
  these works have often become something you have to get over with ... if you actually read them instead of trying to write your reports off dubious internet sources . 
  it 's quite sad how making it a compulsory reading has given it a reputation of being boring and tiresome . 
  even though it 's not such a difficult read , you definitely need a little bit of motivation and maturity to approach the book . 
  it 's prety telling to see how mas clings to his office . 
  if he and the party cared so much about their national project , the `` patriotic '' thing to do would be to step out and let someone else be the candidate . 
  if the cup wo n't suport any cdc candidate and cdc do n't want an erc president , i 'm sure romeva would accept if they asked , he 's all about facilitating the process and doing what he 's told . 
  the secessionist movement would win a lot of credibility and make it clear that they are not being manipulated to save mas 's ass . 
  nope , not at all . 
  i assume the vast majority of spaniards would agree that the mere idea is ludicrous . 
  the international media makes it sound like this is the spanish civil war 2.0 and the fact is that so far , it 's only been a bunch of politicians talking and talking for 4-5 years without accomplishing much . 
  seriously , nothing remarkable is happening these days , just yet another chapter of the political circus that has been the catalan issue since 2010 . 
  it gets tedious very fast , because they have something going one every 6 months or so : some election , a demostration , the makeshift referendum , some new law , etc. 
  and they just drag the issue forever and the media keeps showing the reaction of one side to what the other side said the day before . 
  the reality is that the current political and economical situation in catalonia and spain has created a perverse symbiotic relationship where both sides can use the issue to divert attention from their numerous problems , and there is no political incentive to difuse the conflict . 
  violence is completely out of the picture . 
  firstly , because anyone who follows spanish politics and has witnessed the drama will know it has always been all about politics and laws . 
  secondly , violence would be extremely detrimental for whoever loses their temper first . 
  and when i say violence i do n't mean a violent conflict , but a particularly ugly clash between riot police and demonstrators , a frontpage picture of a high-ranking official bleeding after getting hit by a rock , or something like that . 
  nationalists parties feed off victimism , and the national government has a whole legal apparatus that they used the previous decade to crush eta-apologist parties . 
  the moment some side can depict the other as violent they will bombard the world with propaganda . 
  in my opinion , this is all political maneuvering and politicians exploiting emotion to garner support in a extremely difficult economic and political climate . 
  eta is pretty much dead these days . 
  they were going downhill since the late 90s , and after a short-lived ceasefire in 2006 ( that eta broke when they bombed a parking building in madrid 's airport ) , they declared a permanent ceasefire in 2011 . 
  politically , the recent history is ** very ** complex , but the tl ; dr version would be that the `` radical '' left-wing nationalists had to form new coalitions that denounced violence and had no ties with eta in order to take part in elections . 
  that does n't sound even remotely possible right now . 
  catalan nationalism has always been mainly a political non-violent movement ( with the exception of [ terra lliure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terra_lliure ) ) . 
  the international media makes it look like there 's a civil war about to happen while this is all just a huge political circus . 
  there has been a political crisis since 2010 that has made politics a little bit more complicated in catalonia , but so far nothing has really happened . 
  depending on what course of action the current catalan government follows , the spanish government has all kinds of legal actions . 
  if you followed spanish politics , you would realize how fragile and unstable the catalan coalition is and how painfully slow they work things out . 
  this is all about political pressure to try to resuscitate the demands of 2008-2010 . 
  we 'll have to wait and see what happens after the december 20th general election . 
  my dutch `` uncle '' ( long story ) lives in the mediterranean coast and gets kinda offended when people bring up the topic . 
  he always says there are more prostitutes and brothels in the main road than in amsterdam ( which may very well be true if we go with prostitutes per km2 ) . 
  the first thing that came to my mind when i read the title of the thread was sangr\u00eda . 
  we very rarely drink sangria when we go to bars , and definitely never in touristy areas . 
  it 's just a left-over from the past when you could buy decent-quality consumer goods at a noticeably cheaper price , so a lot of people bought small stuff like towels ( and also other textiles , knives , coffee beans , etc ) , that you could carry with you during a one-day visit . 
  with time , people associated towels with the country and somehow began to think that portugal is the place to go to buy them . 
  the stereotype is quickly dying , but there are still a lot of spaniards that check out towels when they go to portugal ( only to find that the prices are pretty much the same now ) . 
  yep , i do n't see the point in expressing it as a percentage of arabic + germanic names , when there are many other places of different etimology ( latin , celtic , basque , etc. ) . 
  expressing the prevalence as a percentage of all place names in a certain area would be more informative . 
  according to a study by a phone information service , the most common street names in spain are : * calle mayor ( main street ) * calle iglesia ( church street ) * calle real ( royal street ) * plaza mayor ( main square fun fact : in a lot of cities and towns , the main street is named after the constitution , but these streets used to be named after a certain unelected leader a few decades ago . 
  84 years ago , on october 1 , 1931 , women 's suffrage was passed in spain with 161 votes in favor , and 121 against . 
  this happened during the early days of the second spanish republic , during the discussion and approval of the articles of the 1931 constitution . 
  ironically , it was socialists and other left-wing parties who opposed female suffrage the most . 
  many progressive men and women of the time argued that women did n't have the necessary political education and were particularly vulnerable to the influence of the church . 
  in their eyes , female suffrage would bring anti-republican conservative parties into power . 
  even though women could n't vote in the previous election , they could ran as candidates for parliament and a total of three women were elected , all great progressive intellectuals and spanish feminist symbols . 
  only one of them supported female suffrage , which led to interesting speeches during the debate on the issue . 
  women 's suffrage is considered the main cause of the victory of the anti-reformist conservative coalitions in the 1933 election . 
  i think one of the biggest factors are the political interests of the different parties . 
  the main conservative party ( the pp , in government since 2011 ) has absolutely no political incentive to make things easier for catalan politicians . 
  not only they will never allow a referendum , but they have been completely against negotiating any further devolution of powers or anything that smells like nationalism . 
  to sum up a very complex situation , the pp ( and now also ciudadanos ) are `` tough '' on regional nationalism . 
  like those politicians that are `` tough on crime '' or `` tough on drugs '' , they are invested in this apocalyptic narrative where the bad guys are trying to destroy our country and they are the only ones who will stand up to them and protect the good people of spain .
