  i mean , neither your story nor his have to be true , but i 've heard the rumor more than once . 
  usually the tales include a couple of extra bikers that are assumed to be security . 
  this is the main argument that i hear among spanish monarchists . 
  spanish politics are pretty messy and there is an inherent lack of trust in the parties . 
  i am not a monarchist , but politicians in party-based democracy benefit from encouraging division and making big segments of the population look like they are crazy or insane ( the others ) . 
  in my opinion , politics have to do more with identity and emotion than with rational thinking and for many , voting a certain way is deeply tied to their ego and their pride . 
  i vote x because i have these values and care about all these things , not like those others who only want to do this and that . 
  people love feeling superior to others and politicians encourage this allienating , divisive emotions . 
  when you hear some left-wing people talking about right-wing voters and vice-versa , you kind of get why some people would like to have a head of state outside of all that . 
  well , our whole democratic system was set in motion by the former francoist ellite . 
  this had the advantage of a peaceful and stable transition , but also left franco unchallenged and unquestioned . 
  to this day many people think that , while dictatorships are a bad thing , franco was the lesser evil and the result of a very distant and chaotic period of our past . 
  that 's why the current ruling party never condemned or denounced franco , because this is a non-issue for the majority of their voters . 
  there is a recent trend among certain political groups and social media platforms to start referring to the recent emigration of spanish youth as exile . 
  take into consideration that redditors are usually younger and more left-wing leaning than average , especialy when it comes to spanish ones , we are very few indeed and people tend to project their own opinions when asked this kind of questions . 
  i 'd honestly say that felipe is pretty popular for a public figure and has a very clean record . 
  there is a generation of older spaniards that grew up watching the cute little blond boy grow into an attractive young man that never got in trouble , married the news anchor that half the country lusted over and later had two cute girls of their own . 
  i know i insist on the looks a lot , but this carefuly crafted image of perfection does have a significant impact on a lot of people , and they are willing to ignore a lot of flaws when they have already decided they like the person . 
  i do hope that the new king is aware of the feelings of the younger generations about monarchy and will be more open to constitutional reform . 
  oh man , i feel so troll for saying this , but i 'm so looking forward to seeing rajoy becoming president with the seats of ciu . 
  after all these years of staged conflict between pp and ciu , it 's gon na be hilarious to see them go to bed together , as they always do when the time comes . 
  * just to be clear , i do n't actually want to see this happen , i just find it extremely amusing that their voters believe they are fighting each other or something . 
  the most important factor to consider when analyzing these results is that we had a single electoral district . 
  alternative parties ( and not so alternative ones like iu and upyd ) have benefited greatly from this . 
  a party like * podemos * has been able to put together all the votes obtained in small provinces . 
  in many of those provinces is almost impossible for a third party to obtain enough votes to win one of the few seats . 
  in other words , hundreds of thousands of votes that counted today , would n't count in a general election , and the two big parties would have gotten a bigger share of the pie . 
  now this guy knows how to party . 
  i guess we also love to endlessly talk about things we `` do n't give a shit about '' , the same way that certain tasteless tv shows that everyone claims not to watch have such high ratings . 
  i would n't judge a country or a region based on the presence of religion in schools , or at least not that extent . 
  there are very socially liberal countries where most people study religion at school , and countries like the us where religion ca n't be taught in public schools yet religion plays a much higher higher impact in politics and other issues . 
  seeing his albums gives a much more interesting and probably accurate vision of romania than the imgur album , which imo focused too much on poor people and hot girls . 
  regading spain , i do n't know whether 2013 was a particularly windy year , but the data i 've been able to find shows a huge increase . 
  wind energy is pretty big here and became the main source of energy in 2013 , covering 20.3 % of the country 's energy demand ( nuclear , natural gas , coal and wind have rougly accounted for ~ 18-21 % each for the last few years ) . 
  hydraulic used to be pretty big in the past but it has stagnated over the last decade and stopped expanding . 
  but it 's really cool the constant increase all over europe , since renewable energy stopped being only about the enviroment but also about energy independence , as fossil fuels come mostly from crazy countries you do n't really want to depend on . 
  it does n't really work like that . 
  i wish things were that simple in spain . 
  the problem here is that both bureaucracy and courts are extremely slow , so they can strectch the process out for years and , at the end , if they manage to tear this whole thing down , the developer will sue the public administration and receive a compensation , which of course comes out of the taxpayer 's pocket . 
  then you could try to prosecute the major , but , what for ? 
  in spain , you ca n't do much to someone for being a shitty major and costing the local or regional government a bunch of millions . 
  you really need to prove that the did some pretty serious criminal stuff , which would take too many public resources and years of litigation so that , 20 years after everything happened , you either have a 70 year old dude that wo n't set a foot in jail ; or the guy is sentenced to pay a huge fine , only to find that the has no money or assets of any kind , because it 's all protected in one way or another . 
  you can survive with that kind of money in many small cities in spain . 
  you can easily rent a 3/4 bedroom apartment for around 300-400 $ , so , if you are willing to share , you can live in many places with around 100 $ for rent . 
  add 25-40 $ per person for utilities . 
  you can eat relatively healthy for around 80-100 $ per person ( ~ 20 $ a month ) if you stay away from pre-cooked meals . 
  rice , pasta , legumes , chicken , bread and vegetables are cheap . 
  if you want more beef/fresh fish the price goes up , but you can stay healthy with that kind of money . 
  that leaves at least another 100 $ for other expenses . 
  madrid and other big cities would be almost impossible unless you can share a 1 bedroom place . 
  i loved those . 
  well , farmers are a very relevant electoral group as they are a a rather big group living in the less populated areas ( which gives them more power in many electoral systems ) . 
  these farmers support very powerful unions and lobbies . 
  for instance , i know areas of spain whose economy rely almost entirely on tobacco . 
  they are trying to shift towards other crops but it is a very difficult and rather slow process . 
  that being said , i have to agree with you on that . 
  it 's clearly contradictory . 
  well , the truth is that : a ) in countries like spain and england , there was less genetic interchange than what used to think and , b ) many conquests were carried out by small armies that integrated in the former elite . 
  genetic studies are changing the way we understand all the migrations and conquests of european history . 
  i think that it 's very difficult to compare different governments , because one country may tweet certain things on a `` main '' account while others might post that info on accounts of different ministries/departments , regions or law enforcement agencies . 
  well , what you are saying is partly true , specially on the airport side . 
  it was such a golden electoral promise : an airport for your small 60.000 thousand people city !, 
  most of them were built with borrowed money from the politician-controlled savings banks ( the infamous * cajas * ) . 
  anyways , they all collapsed , were bailed out and later forced to merge and turn into banks . 
  and kids , that 's why we needed to borrow eu money on june 2012 , because regional and local politician fucked up big time ... 
  but i 'm beating around the bush here . 
  nevertheless , i said it 's partly true , because most of that money was properly spent , in things like making roads safer , building necessary bridges , improving water depuration in rural areas of poorer regions , developping solar and eolic energy , etc. 
  i think that new generations are becoming more and demanding with politicians . 
  we have more information , we have visited other countries and we now know that things do n't have to be as they 've always been . 
  that 's good to say . 
  i guess our views are a little bit biased by the media . 
  you are never going to read the headline : `` finnish politician says the ue is ok '' , but in the rare occasions when somebody says something controversial it gets over-reported : `` omg finnish politican says spaniards are lazy and should work more and stop taking siestas '' . 
  anyway , i must agree on that people should be more punctual , that 's so true . 
   * edit : it 's `` occasion '' not `` ocassion '' ... *, 
  well , maybe i 'm not using the best verb . 
  i 'm not really against the use given to that money , although sometimes it has been happily spent in a handful of huge projects , becasue we were drowning in money . 
  politicians have sometimes used this big projects to win elections , without really thinking about the priorities of the country and the long-term costs of said projects . 
  one clear example would be the high-speed trains . 
  most of the lines are way too underutilized and expensive , and they survive only because they are highly subsidized . 
  take also into account that there are 4 , maybe 5 , contractors with the capacity to carry out such big projects , and obviously they are all in good terms with the government , so they always get very favorable conditions for their contracts . 
  for instance we have the net of radial motorways around madrid , running paralell to the old free highways , effectively doubling the number of accesses to the city and , presumably , alleviating traffic congestion . 
  firstly , it was and still is very disputed if all the projects ( if any ) were necessary . 
  secondly , the contractors built them in exchange of long-term operation of the tolls . 
  as it turns out , much less people than expected use these motorways and the owners have being bailed out with public money . 
  so it 's not like i do n't agree with spending that money on infrastructure , i come from the poorest hole of the country and the region has been built from scratch with eu-money . 
  but , at the sime time , i 'm not that comfortable with certain people ~ ~ having ~ ~ having had so much money on their hands and using it on projects that benefit their friends more than the public . 
  but please , my dear euro-skeptic friends ( i 'm looking at you netherlands and finland ) , the money has been mostly put to very good use , the country progresses and we will keep buying your nokias and drinking your heineken . 
  :p edit : words, 
  this is so spain in the 1990s . 
  we have blown so much eu money on highways and high-speed trains in the last 25 years . 
  for that kind of thing spaniards are still very pro-eu even in the current times . 
  eu money has literally given us the infrastructure that we lacked and put us behind during the late 19th - and early 20-th century . 
  i agree , though it depends on the grade and teacher . 
  i had a very good teacher in high school who followed the curriculum very strictly and tried to left opinions outside the classroom , so there was a lot of talk about political , economical , social and cultural causes/consequences and how clealry you can see some facts leading to others . 
  i also agree about the spanish empire not being taught really well . 
  most of books give a little overview about what happened during the discovery and conquest , but then america quickly vanishes . 
  we are n't taught that much about the stupid dick measuring contest that we had with france and england in the 17th and 18th century and the way we blowed all our resources in stupid wars in italy and the netherlands . 
  however , at least this part is poorly taught . 
  teachers these days rarely glorify this era anymore . 
  not at all .
