  the economic priority should be mortgage-law reform and a comprehensive restructuring of legacy debts , with fiscal consolidation delayed until household debts have fallen to a sustainable level . 
  losses for banks should fall on their shareholders and creditors , not taxpayers . 
  to boost wages and jobs , the next government should lower taxes on people 's hard work and open up the labor market to young people and other outsiders . 
  it should also promote investment and reforms to boost productivity , and hence living standards . 
  that includes , crucially , breaking the unhealthy grip that big banks , monopolistic companies , and corrupt , incompetent officials have over the economy and politics . 
  spain needs open capitalism , not crony capitalism . 
  i mean , people might disagree on whether open free market in the solution or not , but the pp only seems to care about mantaining a certain structure . 
  the real question is : will this so-called recovery carry on if oil prices increase or the euro regains strength ? 
  is there a connection between the government policies and this recovery ? 
  i mean , there certainly is , but to what extent ? 
  sometimes i feel like we have a bunch of monkey in charge of the economy . 
  stuff happens and they do n't seem to know why , but if it 's good news , they try to get the credit , and if it 's bad news , they will get blamed . 
  this has nothing to do with things being better or worse in spain right now . 
  it may be shocking to some people , but it 's very common in spain to see people disrespect or reject national symbols . 
  not only booing the anthem , but also things like burning flags or pictures of the king , although people has been prosecuted for the latter ( it 's a consequence of our very particular history : our national symbols do not symbolize union but division , they were never a universal symbol of the spanish people , but symbol of certain groups and factions . 
  this is not limited to areas with strong secessionist movements . 
  patriotism and ( spanish ) nationalism are usually frowned upon by the liberal/left wing people , and sometimes completely rejected and replaced by alternative symbols ( hence all the spanish republican flairs on the sub ) . 
  you have to understand that there was never a big historical moment were the citizens rallied the street covered in spanish flags to depose a dictator or celebrate the independence from a foreign oppressor . 
  the spanish flag was never a symbol of those who wanted to bring democracy or change . 
  it 's all more complicated than that , but to sum it up , we can say our relationship with national symbols is very complicated . 
  one can think that this is disrespectful and impolite , and still respect their right to do it . 
  i do n't really defend or condemn this , i 'm just saying that we should n't assume someone 's opinions on freedom of speech or the right to vote just because he liked or did n't like the booing . 
  i 'm personally indiferent , although i think the whole attitude of bar\u00e7a in all this is very hypocritical . 
  but i 'm obviously way more concerned when i hear members of the government say ambiguous shit about freedom of speech . 
  i do n't like bullfigthing , i want to see it go , but i had to comment . 
  most older people liked bullfighting , or at least did n't see anything wrong about it . 
  that does n't necessarily makes them fascists or `` ignorant cunts '' , they simply were born in a different time with different attitutes towards animals . 
  maybe your family did n't like bullfighting or were people you do n't particularly admire , but there are plenty of really nice grandpas out there who enjoy/enjoyed it . 
  my grandfather was an extremely sweet and decent human being that was always there to help anyone in his village , and he was always nice to domestic animals and pets . 
  and he also loved bullfigthing . 
  federico garc\u00eda lorca was an extremely sensitive person and a progressist yet he praised bullfighting . 
  he even said `` creo que los toros es la fiesta m\u00e1s culta que hay en el mundo '' , sometimes translated as `` i believe bullfigthing is the most civilized fiesta in the world '' . 
  when i say this i 'm not trying to convince anyone of the merits of bullfigthing . 
  if born today , i 'm sure lorca would probably despise it . 
  i 'm just trying to point out , that atttitudes towards bullfighting and the treatment of animals have vastly changed in the last 30-40 years . 
  a couple of generations ago , people from all kinds of cultural , social and political backgrounds enjoyed bullfigthing . 
  again , i 'm not saying this to defend or endorse bullfigthing in any way . 
  however , i think that if you want to change something like this , insulting and antagonizing those who disagree is n't very productive . 
   but is n't that exactly one of the things in the middle of the spanish crisis ( besides the eurocrisis itself ) ? 
  or at least made spain be in deeper debt than other eurozone members ? 
  absolutely . 
  i was just trying to add some cultural context . 
  the funny thing is that one of the major criticisms against those who call for mortgage reform is that it would make interest rates soar , and less people would have access to loans . 
  but i also think that those loans should n't have been given . 
  it 's still a tricky moral question . 
  nonviolent resistance and conscientious objection are easy to praise in certain cases where the inmorality of the law is evident or agreed upon by the majority , but when the consensus is less strong , a lot of people will just see these actions as criminal activity . 
  another problem is the people that want to take advantage of this organizations out of selfish interest . 
  this woman 's organization has been very careful to avoid freeloaders and help people who really are in need . 
  among many other things , they provide material and legal support to homeless families in order to squat empty bank-owned houses . 
  you can see how this can attract a certain kind of people . 
  and it 's easy to persuade people that worked their asses off to own a home , that this is unfair , that all these activists are a bunch of lazy people that did n't work as hard as they did . 
  owning a home is something very important in spanish culture and renting is not considered appropriate for stable families . 
  to my grandparents ' generation , renting was associated with a past of poverty , and owning was the biggest social accomplishment . 
  so , in this context , not everyone sees their resistance as justified . 
  i personally think that this resistance is definitely better than abandoning thousands of families , but it 's still relatively polemic in spain . 
  idk , if they want to play the game , podemos can help psoe inmensely in many regional governments like valencia or la mancha . 
  i wonder if we could see a tamayazo again though . 
  her views are too extreme , but we definitely need to reconsider our mortgage laws . 
  if that means banks wo n't be giving morgages like candy as in circa 2005 , it will probably be a good thing . 
  the fun thing is that both her supporters and detractors would use this kind of image , so you could perfectly see this on the frontpage of two completely different newspapers , one praising her and other demonizing her and calling her a criminal . 
  her and her organization 's supporters are proud of what they consider nonviolent resistance . 
  well , madrid 's manuela carmena has had a long career as a lawyer and judge . 
  as a lawyer , she was the co-founder of a labor law office that defended workers and anti-franco activists . 
  their office suffered a [ fascist attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1977_massacre_of_atocha ) during spain 's transition to democracy , because of its links to the communist party and unions . 
  take into account that being a communist in spain in the 1960s and 1970s meant risking your life and freedom to fight a dictator . 
  it definitely does n't have the same connotations than in eastern europe . 
  she went on to become a succesful judge in the courts that oversee the rights of detainees and prison inmates , grant parole and all that . 
  her oponents tried to use this against her ( following the law , she granted parole to terminally-ill terrorists , and stuff like that ) . 
  she even became part of spain 's [ general council of the judiciary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_council_of_the_judiciary#functions ) . 
  she has been a prominent human rights activitst , with a focus in the rights of detainees and inmates . 
  and besides all that , she has a great personality and impecable manners . 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of podemos , but she was an awesome candidate and i would have voted for her if i was registered in madrid . 
  [ her accomplishment ] ( http://resultados.elpais.com/elecciones/2015/municipales/12/28/79.html ) can not be diminished , madrid has always been more conservative than barcelona , and the main conservative party has been ruling madrid with strong majorities for 24 years . 
  barcelona 's ada colau is an interesting person too , but she is much younger and does n't have a flashy resume ( nothing bad about that ) . 
  she became a notorious activist during the peak of the housing bubble . 
  she was the co-founder of a very famous [ grassroots organization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plataforma_de_afectados_por_la_hipoteca ) and she has frequenly appeared on tv during the last 6-7 years defending very popular mortgage-reform and public housing policies . 
  urban voters are usually younger and more educated , so they tend to be more open to new and/or alternative parties . 
  in rural areas there is a lot of voter intertia , and people tend to stick with * their * party even if they have been recently disappointed or do n't like the candidates . 
  also , your perception on newer parties changes a lot depending on whether you get your information mainly from tv or the internet . 
   i mean , you supposedly do not want people seeing who you are voting for , right ? 
  some people care , some people do n't . 
  also , many polling stations are much less crowded than in that picture , so you wo n't really have anyone behind you snooping . 
  i relatively care about secrecy , but when i went to vote , there was n't that many people , so we just gave some privacy to each other . 
  that does n't matter . 
  are you saying that gay people ca n't marry in many countries because the majority does n't care very much about marriage , because they want to progressively end marriage , and have chosen the gay people to be the lucky first to enjoy a new more advanced society without marriage ? 
  i would dare to say that is not the case and most of people that try to fight gay marriage are people that give a lot of importance to the institution , and hold conservative family values . 
  just because you do n't care about something , it 's not an excuse to passively support the denial of rights of a certain part of the population . 
  maybe you do n't care too much about travelling , maybe you think you could live and die without leaving your city . 
  would that make you support a ban on women travelling alone ? 
  maybe you do n't really want to have children . 
  would that make you support a ban on people with a minority surname adopting ? 
  maybe you think that voting in elections is pointless . 
  would you be fine with people from a certain region being denied their right to vote ? 
  i do n't give a shit about marriage , but i would n't dream to go around supporting that spaniards ca n't marry african people , but still enter a civil partnership that is very similar , because hey , marriage is `` such a ` meh ' for me '' . 
  well , that 's like saying that we should n't fight domestic abuse or sex harassment in the workplace , because things are not as bad as in saudi arabia . 
  also , every 2-3 weeks we hear about some isis recruiter or some dumb wannabe terrotist teenager being arrested . 
  our interactions with russians are mostly limited to rich tourists buying lots of expensive shit . 
  i know a lot of young people that got into eurovision in recent years and do watch parties and stuff . 
  it 's always very ironic and in the spirit of `` let 's see who has the weirdest act '' . 
  no one cares about who wins or about the spanish contestant .
