  they just drink , eat and maybe bet 1 $ . 
  the most sickening part is not the officer assaulting the detainee , but the +5 other guys acting like this is just another day at the office . 
  i hate english . 
  check [ this aerial photo ] ( http://laeff.cab.inta-csic.es/users/barrado/weblog/iberia.250m.hr.jpg ) of the iberian peninsula . 
  it changes a lot throughout the seasons , but it 's definitely not a dessert . 
  at least in spain , carrefour is n't expensive as in , only rich people go shop there , but their prices are above avergage , with so many national and foreign discount supermarket chains . 
  thanks for your post . 
  i 've read many things in the past , but it 's been a while since solar energy made it into the news , and it 's definitely something i 'm not an expert on . 
  the economic details and regulations are way more important than solar potential . 
  who and how much will it benefit ? 
  we had a big solar energy boom a few years ago . 
  the big energy companies here did n't like the fact that so many families were becoming self-sufficient or even made money off them , so regulations changed accordingly . 
  of course , it 's actually more compex that that , but i ca n't wrap my head around the fact that spain is not working towards making solar energy one of our country 's biggest industries . 
  i ca n't see it changing anytime soon . 
  some people already think that there are too many languages in the eu and that this is becoming a burden for eu institutions . 
  then we have countries like spain that probably prefer to keep the status quo . 
  i mean , could you imagine having to use a foreign language in public ? 
  spanish politicians ai n't down for that shit . 
  and finally , i think spain 's languages are pretty much alone in this , as most other regional `` minority '' languages do n't have the same political presence and lobbying power . 
  so yeah , even when comparing the number of speakers of catalan and maltese is outrageous , the political reality makes it very difficult . 
  idk , in my opinion it 's just out of place . 
  it 's a joke about who 's the most cunning or dishonest , and also petty local rivalries . 
  the spanish version would be similar . 
  if we told this joke to friends , we would probably add a bunch of racist slurs and maybe more offensive stereotypes . 
  in that context , that ` murica comment is kinda out of place , even moreso considering that spain and portugal were neutral in ww2 . 
  southern spain is not really arid , although it 's relatively dry and most of the countryside looks pretty yellow in the summer unless there are olive trees or vineyards . 
  [ this ] ( http://fc00.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2011/301/9/1/meseta_castellana_by_ijgg-d4athb0.jpg ) is a typical landscape of the spanish central plateau in the summer : lots of cereal fields and plowed land . 
  in fact , one can argue the south is slightly greener due to the ubiquity of olive trees and certain species of [ oak ] ( http://www.aceytuno.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/1279898903.jpg ) in many areas . 
  there is a significant difference between [ winter ] ( http://uniradio.ujaen.es/sites/default/files/imagenes_avance/fondo%20olivar%20con%20cubierta.jpg ) and [ summer ] ( http://aerocam.uclm.es/media/content_html/image/agrobiologia/olivar_11-11-10.jpg ) though . 
  it should n't be that different than the dalmatian landscape . 
  `` spanish police say '' ? 
  most of us assumed that those pictures are real and not photoshoped by the police in order to incriminate the parents . 
  but i guess you can never be too cautious . 
  i guess so , but i 'm not sure if it 's such a pressing issue for conservatives ( i 'm not an expert in uk politics ) . 
  anyway , what i meant is that the fptp system can become a way to ignore certain social realities . 
  for instance , the ukip has received 4 times more votes than in 2010 , but we can pretend they do n't exist thanks to the current system . 
  it can be especially deceiving after a few low-participation elections , and politicians can trick themselves into thinking they have more public support than they actually do . 
  yeah , letting people you dislike into the parliament may sound revolutionary to some , but it happens all the time in other countries . 
  it 's not like euroscepticism or anti-immigrant sentiment is going to disappear if we ignore it . 
  no matter what you think of the ukip , i would be ashamed of such a system . 
  there are 3,7 million citizens whose vote is +100 timess less important than the vote of a tory or snp voter . 
  well , let 's pray there is never a big tory crisis in the next decade , because then we will see how fun fptp can get . 
  the weird thing is that the discussion tends to be more civil when people comment an article on catalonia 's independece movement . 
  it 's when people bring up the topic out of nowhere that it becomes / r/unexpectedspanishcivilwar . 
  all jokes aside , it really looks like a bunch of important psoe members printed pictures of all psoe mps and selected the best looking one or something like that . 
  i can imagine the scene : lots of coffee , rolled-up sleeves and all the pictures pined on the wall . 
  i mean , he was an unknown , low-rank politician that never had any relevance in the party before , and got a parliament seat by replacing people that resigned ( which happened twice , check his wikipedia page ) . 
  solid analysis . 
  i also think that part of podemos 's recent decline lies in the relentless attack by the media . 
  they are giving them the zapatero treatment , because , let 's be honest , a lot of people do n't care that much about facts and are very susceptible to [ `` superliminal '' influence ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qmo6pty.jpg ) . 
  it happens to all big parties , it 's part of the game of thrones in spain , so to speak . 
  in such a negative enviroment , with so many people voting against something , ciudadanos is a clear winner , because they are the most difficult to attack . 
  yeah , bad choice of colors there . 
  life expectancy of 79.3 ? 
  omg , americans so fat , dying in the street cause they ca n't afford healthcare . 
  in the case of spain i think cost is a very important factor . 
  there has been a huge investment in high-speed rail , but ticket prices are n't affordable for middle-class citizens , so a big part of our railwork system is used mostly by businesspeople and tourists with above-average purchasing power . 
  trains also have very strong competitor in coach bus companies , that provide relatively good service in spain . 
  i did n't downvote , but the title of the thread does n't claim or mention `` socialist states '' . 
  no matter what definition you believe is right , socialism is a very broadly used term , and you guys probably know that . 
  european social policies and welfare states are often called socialist , especially in america . 
  self-proclaimed socialists and communist parties are frequent in europe too . 
  you can argue that neither the parties and nor the policies are socialist , but there is an obvious difference between america and europe regarding social policies and political landscape , and it 's an interesting topic to discuss . 
  if you do n't like the rule of law and due process , there are many countries where you can immigrate to . 
  seriously , i find people like you way scarier than a few dickhead rioters . 
  really sad to see that you are getting downvoted when you are being so respectful and patient , and the people attacking you are getting upvoted . 
  downvoting because you disagree is already bad , but downvoting because you think an ideology is utopic or unrealistic is simply depressing . 
  spain was never as sports-oriented as other european countries , but we ca n't deny there is a growing interest in being fit and healthy , and there is more and more people running , hiking and going to the gym . 
  also , maybe it 's because i 'm getting closer to 30 , but i see a lot of friends changing their lifestyles and becoming more healthy and active . 
  [ lol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties_of_the_soviet_union ) also , the nazis invaded the soviet union in june 1941 , so they were fighting during most of ww2 . 
  the eastern front is arguably one of the worst and most brutal things that have happened in human history . 
  if there ever was a god , he noped the fuck out of the observable universe when he saw that shit , and hid in the 7th dimension to watch puppy videos and eat ice-cream . 
  that 's not gon na happen . 
  they are typical spanish left . 
  izquierda unida ( aka the communist party ) has always praised cuba and fidel castro , and they have had similar positions on venezuela and chaves . 
  i mean , if you press them , they will admit that not everything is fine , but they will try to put it in context ( no country is perfect , there are human rights violations elsewhere , etc ) . 
  however , when they get the chance to rule ( most of the time in coalition ) , it 's not like they start tearing the system down or anything . 
  it 's all rhetoric and tradition , they 're just paying lip service . 
  i do n't support them , but i find it very sad when some people want to use fear to shut down the debate . 
  well , so far , the most voted comments are pretty much debunking or skeptical . 
  it happens , but i think it 's also in part because over here we tend to see people under 25 more like teenagers than adults . 
  most of people in the 20-25 age bracket have little to no income and still live with their parents ( or are financially dependent ) . 
  marriage , children and mortgages as something very distant in the future . 
  and we do n't have that coming-of-age moment when we turn 18 . 
  indeed , many people stay in their hometown , have the same group of friends and keep doing the same things on weekends . 
  that been said , there may be some comments and jokes when there is a big age gap ( +5 years ) , but it 's definitely not considered predatory or immoral behaviour . 
  and a 16yo dating a 19yo is considered completely fine . 
  if you did n't know it , / r/outoftheloop is usually very helpful when you do n't know what the fuck reddit is talking about . 
  [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/33nrjf/why_are_people_upset_that_steam_is_now_offering/ ) has some discussion on the issue . 
  i still do n't understand why people get so emotional about it . 
  the thing is that these situation are very rare , so that 's why old laws stay on the books until something fucked up like that happens . 
  to be honest , it is still very common to see 15 and 16 year-old girls dating guys 20 and older , without raising any eyebrows . 
  but teenage marriage is extremely rare outside insular communities like very traditional gypsy groups . 
  yeah , i do n't think the spanish government ever asked for any apologies . 
  to be honest , if it was n't for picasso 's painting , i do n't think it would be a very well-known event outside of the basque country . 
  yeah , i could n't stop thinking about the eastern front . 
  i mean :  avoid anything that might damage the national honor . 
  i 'm sure some countries would have loved to have their feelings hurt , if that was the only thing happening to them . 
  it can also get pretty hilarious , especially the commercials . 
  i love it when they have a mother say she loves her family and will vote yes on proposition 3 ... and the next commercial has another mother saying she will vote no , because she cares for her children .
