  in bigger cities on the other hand , it 's easier to find ` ghettoes ' and groups of unemployed youths sitting on some square making people feel uncomfortable ( whether that feeling is right or not is another question ) . 
  ceuta and melilla , and the canary islands ( too far away ) . 
  i grew up in extremadura . 
  i 've been all over the country and have family everywhere and i 'm not particularly bothered by heat or cold . 
  i 'm not a fan of the weather in the atlantic coast , but i really like the northern cities . 
  so i think i would be fine in most places . 
  good to know . 
  you should have mentioned what your friends say about other countries so that people from those countries know they do n't need to answer . 
  i spent most of my school years in a catholic charter school that included all education levels from kindergarten to age 18 . 
  i estimate around 1200-1400 students in total , with maybe 180 in pre-k and kindergarten ( ages 3-6 ) , 550-600 in primary education ( ages 6-12 ) , 400 in secondary education ( ages 12-16 ) and 120 in pre-university education ( ages 16-18 ) . 
  public high schools are much bigger though . 
  in my experience , it depends on the group of friends or family , but generally speaking , if anyone 's wallet is going to suffer , it 's going to be the birthday person 's one . 
  i 've never brought a gift to any adult 's birthday party . 
  my brother 's friends usually buy something together , but i do n't think it 's the norm . 
  if you are invited to a barbecue or something , then you should probably contribute in some way by bringing food or drinks , but again , not everyone does , and it 's not a big deal ( unless that person somehow expects people to bring him a lot of shit when he is hosting ) . 
  edit : i do n't really think there are clear social norms about this in spain . 
  i 'll add lazarillo de tormes as a ( much ) shorter recommendation . 
  it 's often credited as the first [ picaresque novel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/picaresque_novel ) and it 's uncanny how many modern behaviours you can see reflected in it . 
  i do n't think there is anything like the opioid epidemic over here . 
  opioids in particular are very rare here if you 're not in hospital . 
  some people say they are giving away anti-depressants and anxiety medication like it 's candy , especially to the elderly . 
  i know a few ladies in their 70s that take these drugs because they feel like shit after years of taking care of their disabled husband/sibling ( but they ca n't complain because they were raised to assume all these obligations ) . 
  i might be talking out of my ass , but i 'm under the impression a lot of people are prescribed these drugs by their gp in the public system , but there is often no follow-up consultation with a psychiatrist or a psychologist to try to work on whatever issues the person has . 
  i do n't think you 'll find many spaniards who have been in prison and come to reddit to have conversations in english . 
  especially considering nobody really goes to jail for drug posession ( small quantities ) or other small fuckups . 
  it 's spanish : `` hazte o\u00edr '' = `` make youself heard '', 
  voters here vote for the party . 
  some politicians may win or lose a small % of votes due to their personal profile , but that 's about it . 
  politicians ' religious beliefs are n't really discussed in elections . 
  religious affiliation is sometimes mentioned when discussing the different wings or factions within a party or government ( especially conservatives ones ) , though religious options are often limited to : ultra-catholic ( opus dei and the like ) , southern-folkloric catholic , mild-catholic and quiet atheism ( people often use the label agnostic in spain as a code for `` i do n't want to discuss religion '' ) . 
  that being said , in certain areas , local and regional politicians take part in religious festivals and `` discreetely '' let it be known that they are super devout followers of the local virgins and saints . 
  does it matter how old it is or where it comes from ? 
  i was talking about the american cultural influence in spain and european countries . 
  at least in spain , we would n't be doing halloween or santa claus if it were n't for the american media . 
  not really . 
  i kinda get where you 're coming from as we ` celebrate ' things like halloween and black friday . 
  they usually show independence day on tv though , which i love , for the nostalgia . 
  i was going to reply in disagreement , but i 've honestly never seen anyone tip in spain as you would in america , so i guess it depends on the kind of place . 
  people just leave some of the change if you like the guy or if you do n't want to wait for the change . 
  we 're talking of a few coins here and there , so it 's never a significant part of their income . 
  but i 've heard tips are appreciated in high-scale restaurants and clubs that cater to international customers . 
  do n't really look at the laws and regulations , as most european countries are also very restrictive ( and increasingly so ) . 
  i think it depends on the country , but on average , i 'd say there are cultural differences in that tobacco is n't seen as such a terribly dirty thing as in america , where suburban moms talk about it as if it were heroin . 
  i think that obsession with keeping children safe contributes to the stigmatization of smoking . 
  at least in spain , tobacco is seen as just another thing you should n't be doing , like eating too many sugary/fat foods , or sitting on your ass all day . 
  sure , it gives you cancer , we know that and it 's clearly on the decline , but it 's not seen as such a shameful habit . 
  lol , not at all . 
  sure , every young adult ` knows ' some english , because they sat in fron on some horrible english teacher for years , but that does n't mean they can effectively use the language in any capacity . 
  the education system and society in general are still not geared to making people competent in english . 
  almost everyone that is fluent enriched their english skills on their own , sometimes because they are ~ ~ rich ~ ~ upper-middle class and their parents could afford to send them abroad , sometimes because you went abroad as a young adult on your own initiative ( without any other spaniard for better results ) . 
  it 's assumed that you can read some basic sentences , so if you know absolutely no english , then you might look kinda dumb , but nobody expects anyone to be able to hold long , complex conversations . 
  it 's incredibly common in spain , especially as drunk party music in bars , parties and summer festivals . 
  i think it 's kind of cool that we can understand music from all these other places . 
  i do n't like latin pop music at all , but i do n't judge other people for the media they consume . 
  i think it 's stupid to feel superior to other people because you listen to the ` right ' music and watch the ` right ' tv shows . 
  it 's incredibly common in spain to have a spain square and/or an spain avenue . 
  downvoting anyone asking about weed and bullfighting ... ok , we do n't really have any jokes . 
  portuguese people definitely feel a little bit different to mediterranean people . 
  i grew up 100km away from the border , yet italian and greek people feel more like us . 
  i still love the country and the people ( and the bacalhau ) but all that atlantic wind seems to calm things down a little bit . 
  this is something that changes a lot depending on the person . 
  you generally know your friends and relatives , and the familiarity in your relationship . 
  some people hate people coming in into their house when they are wearing pj pants and the kitchen sink is full . 
  some people do n't give a shit . 
  there are also a lot of differences if you live in a small rural town or village or in a big city . 
  in smaller towns , pretty much everywhere is on your way to somewhere else , so you can always check if someone 's home and tell them about some random thing that could wait until next week . 
  social media and texting is changing this a lot , because it 's just so easy to text someone and ask if you can drop by and return that thing you borrowed . 
  in my mother 's town ( in castille , no southern business here ) people who come back every summer will sometimes ring people 's doors when running errands or going for a walk , just to say hi and catch up with people . 
  i do n't think so . 
  there were plenty of wars between independent kingdoms or entities that would later be part of the same state and , as far as i know , they are n't considered civil wars today ( or it 's not common ) . 
  it 's been a while but back in my day we had way too many games that can be summed up as : `` if you forget about this random rule , you get punched in the arm '' and a small subset changed that for a soft punch in the balls ( just a to scare the guy ) . 
  i 'm sure there had to be similar games everywhere else . 
  i do n't even remember the names . 
  like that one when you made an o with your fingers and placed it on your hip , and anyone who looked at it would get punched . 
  i 'm just cringing thinking about all the awkward shit we did in the late 90s because we were too old for little kids ' games but too young for teenager stuff . 
  at least there are no videos . 
  nah , it 's incredibly common . 
  dude , i do n't know about catalonia , but they are super famous all over spain , especially pau . 
  he 's up there with rafa nadal as one of the most respected and well liked sportmen ever . 
  sure , people talk more about football players on a daily basis , but they forget about most of them very quickly . 
  even though whatsapp is a texting app , it has become the largest social network in spain . 
  people of all ages seems to be on dozens of groups , e.g. 
  : one for your nuclear family , one for your extended family on each your mother and father 's side , maybe one just for siblings , one for your university friends , one for your hometown friends , one for other friends from your hometown that do n't speak to the former , one for other groups of acquaintances ( associations , clubs , church , gym , etc ) , one for coworkers , one for the parents ' of your kids ' schoolmates , etc. 
  add yo that temporary groups for parties , school projects , classes , etc. 
  that sometimes become permanent . 
  some of these are just functional , but many others are full of selfies , pics , memes , links to yet another article about whatever your uncle is obsessed about , etc. 
  also , a lot of unchecked fake news , hoaxes , false psas , messages about some missing girl and all that . 
  other than whatsapp , almost everyone has a facebook but young people do n't use it that much . 
  teenagers live on instagram . 
   our level of portuguese is directly proportional to our exposure to portuguese labelling in the stuff we buy i do n't know much portuguese , but i sure can say peito de peru , iogurte de morango and bolachas . 
  not from any of those countries , but there are countries without a state religion where religion and religious leaders have a much higher impact in society and politics than in some of those northern european countries with a national church . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion on this , but i 've always found it very weird . 
  when you grow up in a place where having a foreskin is the norm and you know it can be totally healthy and clean , it 's just super weird . 
  and when i think of all the times those particular nerve endings have made me very happy , it 's also kinda sad . 
  considering it used to be common in other anglo countries but not so much anymore , i suspect the way healthcare works in america has a lot to do with circumcision rates . 
  it 's not illegal in spain , but i do know americans have trouble finding a doctor that would perform the intervention on babies because we do n't do the `` strap the baby to a table and cut him without anesthesia '' thing , so they have to wait until the boy is older . 
  the public healthcare system wo n't do it if there is no medical reason . 
  as for muslim inmigrants , some of them get it done in ther parents ' country , and others in private clinics . 
  this is n't really an issue in spain . 
  he seems too kind and gente for spanish politics , especially given the current state of the socialist party : those ruthless , conniving bastards would eat him alive in seconds .
