   i still think that it is a great tool on a smaller scale , as long as it does not influence the budget right of the parliament or adresses too complex decisions . 
  i was going to post something along those lines . 
  i think it can be a good tool in local and regional politics . 
  let the members of a community have a say in certain non-partisan things . 
  but i 'm not confortable with people deciding on human rights or important national budget decisions . 
  as i said , we take for granted that everyone knows all these things , but there is so many people that goes through school and even university forgetting what they study the day after the test . 
  also , education used to be much more focused on the humanities a few decades ago , at least in spain . 
  are you talking about a similar survey on scientific literacy , or you just want all the portuguese karma ? 
  many spaniards were felt shocked too . 
  to be honest , it 's one of those things that you take for granted , but i think a cross-european survey would be interesting , we might be surprised , who knows . 
  it definitely made me wonder what my grandparents would have answered to this question . 
  i 'm talking about idealizing the past in general , when morals and society change so much in just a few decades . 
  and correct me if i 'm wrong , but i believe the treatment of native americans was n't stellar before . 
  to play devil 's advocate , many modern americans take pride in the american revolutionaries and their ideals , as well as in the abolishment of slavery , and some people idealize those periods , so i think there is a point in telling them that those times and leaders were not as nice as they think . 
  not to say that america is the only country in the world that takes pride in a supposedly glorious past . 
  of course , there is a difference between looking at history with a critical eye , and the positions of certain activist groups . 
  [ we never went below 8 % ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/es/timeline/172beefffb68b2d59f5944a8860ed40a.png ) during the peak of the housing bubble and spain 's economic miracle around 2005-2007 , when spain had a public surplus and we were growing almost 4 % every year . 
  and as you said , we were receiving hundreds of thousands of workers , and everyone seemed to have a lot of disposable income . 
  all that with 8-10 % unemployment rates . 
  some people say it 's structural unemployment , and many others believe it 's the shadow economy , but it has always been like that . 
  i did n't downvote you , but i think your metaphor ( `` tyding up your toolbox '' ) is unfortunate and can be offensive to native speakers of minority languages . 
  many european national languages were minority languages not too long ago . 
  there is also a long history of human suffering in europe associated with the forced integration and assimilation of minority cultures . 
  there is a lot of people that has died to deffend their local cultures . 
  it was n't that long ago , many of our grandparents experienced that . 
  i do n't say you do n't have a point , just be aware that there is a big difference between the `` do n't fight the inevitable '' posture and an active policy of destroying local cultures and languages . 
  your tone ( `` getting rid of languages '' , `` tyding up your tool box '' ) could make you sounds like you support the latter , and that 's going to piss of a lot of people . 
  to some people , it may sound like `` the school teacher should have hit you with a cane when you spoke your mother tongue , just like they hit your grandparents '' . 
  and again , the numbers for religion in the school do n't necessarily have much to do with belief ( well , it has to do , but there are many non-religious families that choose the religion subject ) . 
  i honestly do n't know what 's the point in making religion polls in spain , as the results change so much from year to year and depending on who makes the poll . 
  spanish polls usually give around 70/75 % of `` believers '' , which of course includes a wide range of religious practices . 
  then a few days ago we are discussing the latest [ gallup international poll on religion ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2015/04/14/map-these-are-the-worlds-least-religious-countries/ ) , and many people were surprised with the results of spain , where 55 % are either atheists or non-religious . 
  but then , if you compare the results with the 2012 gallup poll , you will see an unrealistic growth in the number of atheists , from 9 % to 20 % . 
  it does n't help that a lot of atheists in spain label themselves as agnostic . 
  it 's a big mess , but one thing is true , there is very few people that care about the church or respect its authority these days , much less than what they think . 
  i agree . 
  i think this kid should be put in some mental health institution . 
  any person that is willing to harm him or herself or other people should be taken into custody . 
  but lowering the age of criminal responsibility to 12 wo n't protect us from those dangerous 11yo murderers . 
  more seriously , you have to set the bar somewhere , so there is always potential for a criminal a few months shy of turning whatever age you have set . 
  he is under custody now , so i do n't know if the law makes any exceptions under certain circumstances , but he ca n't be charged or sentenced for any crime . 
  i 'm sure there will be a judge and social services involved in all this , but i do n't really know if there is any way this kid can be institutionalized or something . 
  i do n't really think this will have any repercussion . 
  maybe , if it had been some kind of sexual crime , we might have seen some tv pundits talking about lowering the age of criminal responsibility . 
  or maybe not . 
  public opinion was more concerned about crime 5-6 years ago , after a few controversial cases involving young victims , but nowadays the public is more concerned about the economy and corruption . 
  [ there is a short article on the english version of el pais . 
  ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/04/20/inenglish/1429523188_431705.html ) this is shocking news . 
  a 13yo kid . 
  and the saddest part is that the killed teacher was just a substitute that walked into the classroom after hearing the screams . 
  so far , this really looks like it was premeditated . 
  there are even rumours on social media that the student had a list . 
  the only thing in that section that says anything about juan carlos 's role is this :  once in power as king of spain , however , he facilitated the development of a constitutional monarchy as his father and it does n't really say anything , to be honest . 
  the politics of those time are incredibly complex . 
  the spanish transition to democracy was a pact between the francoist ruling ellite and the opposition . 
  i will quote a paragraph from a [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/spain/comments/32j4kd/xpost_raskhistorians_how_is_francisco_franco/cqbtgm8 ) i wrote this week on / r/spain ( just my opinion ) :  remember , franco died in his bed of old age . 
  not to say there was no significant opposition to his regime , especially from the 60s forward , but overthrowing the government was very difficult with the memories of the brutal civil war , political repression , and the army 's unwavering loyalty to franco ( as oppossed to portugal and greece ) . 
  franco 's age was another factor that stiffled the situation , in my opinion . 
  in the early 70s everyone assumed he would die at any moment , so there was an incentive to wait and see what the regime would do . 
  ** when he eventually passed away , neither the opposition nor the regime felt powerful enough to force their positions , and nobody thought it was a good idea escalate the situation , so they came to an agreement that would bring democracy , with many concesions on both sides . 
  ** both sides also threw certain factions under the bus . 
  as a consequence , the regime was never defeated , unlike most authoritarian and fascist regimes in europe , and spain 's young democracy was built on the premise of ignoring the past ( check [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pact_of_forgetting ) out too ) . 
  juan carlos was chosen to be a puppet , but the turned out to be a very skillful politician and managed to make himself relevant . 
  he had a positive role in that he managed to build certain authority over the army and most of former francoist ellites , and used his influence to keep them under control . 
  he also chose adolfo suarez ( a moderate member of the francoist regime ) to navigate this transition . 
  su\u00e1rez was very succesful in this task and managed to be elected in the first election , but he succumbed to the political wars of the early 80s . 
  some people think that the king was n't a necessary factor in spain 's transition and that democracy was happening with or without him , but you ca n't deny that he was incredibly helpful in keeping the army under control thanks to his position as franco 's designated heir , and as successor of spain 's monarchy . 
  su\u00e1rez was n't really respected by the most reactionary factions . 
  he has been praised the most for his intervention in the [ 23f coup d'etat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/23-f ) . 
  there are countless conspiracy theories surrounding this event , though . 
  at the end of the day , juan carlos is a symbol of spain 's democracy , so people that find the system very flawed and corrupt are very critical of him . 
  it does n't help that he has become increasingly surrounded by scandals and fuck-ups in the last 20 years . 
  and the left wing has traditionally been very republican and has never forgotten the fact that franco 's regime was never defeated or condemned . 
  there does n't seem to be any english coverage of it , so i do n't understand why you are surprised that people on this sub are n't interested in a 40 minute audio recording in spanish . 
  i do n't think we should use this sub to have a discussion that only a small minority of the suscribers can follow , so i did n't really comment on that thread . 
  people on this sub clearly do n't understand the accusations , as you can see in the comments . 
  if you care so much about the issue , make some subtitles or write a summary . 
  in my opinion , it 's just the word of one person without any proof . 
  yeah , i expected `` immigrants '' or `` immigrations '' to be in the word cloud . 
  some days it feels that immigration comes up in every thread . 
  latvia desperately needs some cool points . 
  the potato joke thing did a lot of damage . 
  sort by controversial :  - i like the star wars prequels \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  it 's a very complex issue . 
  i am not a diehard republican , and i am aware the spanish civil war was a very ugly business , but i think that it 's nice to remember the dreams of the moderates in 1931 ( that 's five years before the war ) , just like we celebrate the consitution on 1812 and the transition to democracy after franco . 
  oh , when i said i 'm not the biggest republican , i meant that i 'm not the kind of person that has a republican flag on wall . 
  i am by no means a monarchist , but i look up to kingdom of sweden and there are many republics that i do n't envy . 
  i prefer a republican form of government , but i think other reforms are much more important . 
  spain is not going to be better off by replacing the king with president aznar . 
  i 'm not the biggest republican ( i changed my flair for the day ) , and i do n't idealize those turbulent times , but i personally like to remember the spirit the 14th and the dreams of many peaceful moderate republicans . 
  you are correct . 
  but people in spain use the term `` agnostic '' ( * agn\u00f3stico * ) in colloquial language to avoid the word `` atheist '' ( * ateo * ) , in a similar way as people in america use `` non-religious '' or say something like `` i 'm not very religious '' . 
  it 's just a way to say you do n't want to start a debate . 
  if you press the issue a little bit , you 'll find out they are just agnostic atheists . 
  people that declare themselves `` atheists '' are usually more combative or more interested in the debate . 
  the label is also associated with anti-theist and anti-clericalist currents of certain leftist groups , so some people do n't like it very much . 
  tumblr can be whatever you want it to be ( a lot of people use it for porn ) , but it has recently become the platform of certain armchair sjw subcultures , the kind of people that is always angry and opressed , and lack anything resembling a sense of humor . 
  they tend to infect any kind of political or social discussion on the site , but you can easily avoid them , and just enjoy the art pictures , the hairy naked guys , or whatever you are into . 
  this whole issue of the * selvagens * was never really on the news . 
  i find it surprising considering the controversy surrounding oil prospecting in the canary island .
