  [ be my guest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_evolution_of_poland ) . 
  also , [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ) . 
  poland got dealt a very shitty hand . 
   anyways , what is the official date for the referendum ? 
  the article explains it very clearly :  artur mas threw down the gauntlet to madrid less than a week before ** a local election which catalan separatists have billed as a proxy vote on secession . 
  **  spanish prime minister mariano rajoy has repeatedly ruled out a breakaway by the wealthy northeastern region and opposed any attempt to hold a referendum . 
   you are aware that anti-catalanism and catalanofobia exist right ? 
  i am aware that there are ignorant people and there is predjudice . 
  but i 've heard catalan being spoken in madrid without any attacks or comments . 
  and i have catalan-speaking family and they have traveled all over the evil spain and never got in trouble for the ocasional conversation in catalan in madrid , toledo , or burgos . 
  i went out one night in madrid with a very nationalist catalan friend wearing a jersey of the catalan football team . 
  nobody said anything or attacked him in any way . 
  and assholes writing offensive tweets is no proof that all spanish people are brainwashed . 
  hell , it 's not even a proof that the people that wrote ignorant shit really believe those things , a lot of young people get a kick out of trolling . 
  when those tweets got to the news , nobody defended them . 
  everyone said they were in poor taste . 
  and it was the very conservative minister of interior ( which i personally do n't like at all ) who ordered the investigation . 
  listen , i 'm not saying nobody ever had a bad experience for being catalan , but i think it 's very unfair to say that 's the experience of most catalan people and that most spaniards would condone those actions . 
  there are anti-catalan feelings and ignorance , but i feel sorry for you if you think that 's how the majority of people in spain feels . 
  nobody deserves to feel unsafe when they have no reason . 
   spanish people would probably like to do the same to catalonia i 'm suspicious of people that say `` spanish people xxxx '' , `` catalan people xxxx '' , `` catalonia wants xxxx '' , etc. 
  in a certain way , it supresses the voices of those in catalonia with different opinions and of those in the rest of spain that do n't fit into some evil stereotype . 
   they are brainwashed from a young age to hate us catalans . 
  i must have been sick that day , cause i think i missed that class, 
  there has n't been any discussion about it . 
  spain is not a huge recipient anymore . 
  in the last few years spain became the net recipient that received the less , both in terms on euros per capita and percentage of the gdp . 
  not only that , but in 2014 spain became a net contributor for the first time . 
  considering catalonia is richer than the national average , one can imagine that catalonia would probably be a net payer , although we do n't know what effect would independence have on catalonia 's economy . 
  after a couple of weeks of the same news , it 's all i can process . 
  everyone expected rajoy to delay the election as long as possible and he did n't disappoint . 
  he recently stated that the general election will likely be held on december 20th , the last sunday before christmas . 
  it 's hard to tell what will happen , polls change a lot from month to month and from pollster to pollster , but it looks like no party will be able to secure a majority . 
  for the first time , there will be more than 2 big national parties , so this is uncharted territory . 
  wikipedia has [ this pretty awesome graph ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_spanish_general_election,_2015#/media/file:electionmonthlyaveragegraphspain2015.png ) that includes all the polls since the last election . 
  the upcoming election in catalonia and the management of the possible sunsequent crisis can have an impact on opinion polls . 
  another key factor will be the unemployment rates and whether or not the recent positive trends is a real trend or only a fluke . 
  but i do n't forsee major changes , so we will see a coalition , either pp/psoe + ciudadanos or psoe+p odemos . 
  ** spain ** * there is a very important election next week in catalonia . 
  pro-independence parties want to use the election as a makeshift referendum . 
  * polls say that pro-independence parties will get a majority of seats and are close to get the 50 % of the popular vote . 
  * some banks and companies have strong opinions about catalonia . 
  * many politicians said stuff about the situation in catalonia . 
  other politicians felt the need to reply . 
  * certain world leaders said stuff about catalonia . 
  * an independent catalonia will probably have to leave the eu . 
  * all catalonia and no work makes jack a dull boy . 
  ( ... ) * uhm , and gasol was a beast against france in the eurobasket semifinals and we are playing lithuania tonight . 
  garc\u00eda was both a name and a surname given to the child of someone called garc\u00eda , although the name is sometimes spelled garci . 
  medieval genealogies are hilarious and confusing . 
  for instance , this is the lineage of the last counts of castille : * fern\u00e1n gonz\u00e1lez * garc\u00eda fern\u00e1ndez * sancho garc\u00eda * garc\u00eda s\u00e1nchez * ( murdered while travelling to meet his to-be wife , followed by 150 years of castille and leon messing with each other until both territoires were unified ) *, 
  it 's relatively common . 
  according to the ine , it 's the 30th most common surname . 
  but it 's fair to say that occupational surnames as a group are much less common than patronymic surnames . 
  to be honest , whenever i see one of these charts , i 'm reminded of how hard it is to evaluate something abstract and subjective like integration . 
  at the end of the day it 's just a score based on several criteria decided by those who make the study . 
  the infographic says it evaluates policies designed to integrate immigrants . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  scotland was able to have a refererendum because westminster allowed it , in accordance with the constitution of the uk . 
  that 's exactly what i wanted to say , excuse me if i did n't express myself clearly . 
  i said that scotland did n't have the ability to hold a legal referendum by itself , and only did it because the uk government allowed it . 
  however , there was absolutely nothing that stopped westminster from adopting the same stance as the current spanish government , the scottish government could n't legislate such a referendum , period . 
  in the case of spain , it 's very likely that more laws would be affected , but let me tell you something , nothing is sacred in spain , not even the constitution . 
  if there is major political consensus , they can change the constitution in 5 minutes like they did in 2011 . 
   they 'll never be independent unless they 're dumb enough to take arms . 
  and that attitude has been , by far , the main reason more and more people are becoming pro-independence . 
  right now , catalan society is kinda 50-50 split on the issue , which is crazy when you consider that 10 years ago nobody was talking about independence . 
  but this frontal opposition in only making the younger generations more and more pro-independence . 
  do you know why westminster allowed the scottish referendum ? 
  because they wanted scotland to stay within the uk . 
  they do n't have any legal avenues right now . 
  that being said , neither did scotland , but the scottish government reached an agreement with the uk government so they could hold a legitimate referendum . 
  it 's a matter of political will rather than a legal issue . 
  i think that people should be able to post and upvote whatever content they want , so i 'm not really advocating changing the rules or anything . 
  that being said , i can honestly say the sub is getting less and less appealing these days . 
  i find myself opening less links and discussions . 
  when i open the sub , 90 % of the time , i feel like i 'm in groundhog day and it 's the same day over and over again . 
  i have n't been around for too long , but i 've never seen the sub get so taken over by a single topic . 
  people keep bringing up the state of the sub during the greek crisis , but it does n't come close to this . 
  corruption scandals have been all over the news during the past few years . 
  this is due in part to the fact the police and judges have more freedom to investigate and prosecute high-profile political figures than , let 's say , 20 years ago . 
  take also into account that corruption in spain has never been something that affects the average citizen ( e.g. 
  police or doctors asking for small bribes ) , but mostly stuff that happened behind closed doors in the lower administrative levels ( mostly local ) , so all this media coverage has had a huge impact on the perception of corruption . 
  we also love to talk shit about our own country and a lot of people over-estimate corruption and say things like `` all politicians steal '' which are far from true . 
  but i think this all these scandals are a good thing in a certain way . 
  you can see how much attitudes have changed in the last 10 years . 
  corruption is not seen as inevitable or condoned anymore . 
  my use of incognito mode is something like 1 % naughty stuff / 99 % completely innocuous shit , especially to avoid weird url predictions by my browser ( yes , i know you can disable that , but i find it useful most of the time ) . 
  we tell the same joke . 
  portugal , we should hang out more . 
  as i said , people has all kinds of reasons . 
   but yeah , we definitely have `` swing states '' in the us , too . 
  so a lot of people disapprove of catalonian independence because it 'd shift the political balance against their interests ? 
  am i understanding that right ? 
  it 's probably something that left-wing parties do n't want to see happen , as the vast majority of non-nationalist vote in catalonia is left-wing . 
  but i was talking more about the fact that some people believe that catalonia has more influence than average in spanish politics , while nationalists seem to imply that they are ignored . 
  truth be told , the current government has been done its best to block anything coming from catalunya for more than 10 years , first in the opposition , challenging law projects in courts , and now from the government . 
  that pretty much killed the more cooperative route more self-goverment in a spanish catalonia , and pushed moderate nationalists towards pro-independence positions that were minoritary a decade ago . 
  as you can see , this is a very complex situation . 
  well , i do n't stand for most of those opinions .
