  the county of catalonia has a very short story , being born as a caroligian protectorate to stop the muslim advance , the county was established in the 9th century and gained certain autonomy in the 10th century . 
  it thrived and gained power through the integration with other catalan counties during the 11th century . 
  the counts of barcelona acquired other entities through marriage but also through force , subjecting rebellious counts ( those oppressive fascists ! ) . 
  however , in the 12th century , the county was absorbed by the kingdom of aragon , giving birth to the crown of aragon . 
  from then on , the count of barcelona was simply one more among the collection of titles of the king of aragon . 
  many modern nations were formed by the asimilation of smaller political entities into bigger ones , sometimes through force . 
  very often , it was simply the different nobles and aristocrats playing their game and marrying off their children to become bigger and more important than other growing european nations . 
  the count of barcelona married the daughter of the king of aragon to become more powerful , he did n't give a shit about culture and language . 
  ferdinand of aragon married isabella of castille so both would become more powerful . 
  yes , castille and aragon were different kingdoms until 1714 , but the unification process started with charles i and they were ruled by the same king . 
  the supression of the crown of aragon by philip v was yet another move in the european power chess game after the death of charles ii and has nothing to do with the castilian boogeyman that wants to destroy the irreductible catalonians and their culture . 
  heck , the kingdom of leon officially existed until 1833 . 
  that happened all the time in those years , territory x rebels against the king or supports another candidate and they lose : as a consequence they are stripped of special privilege y. 
  yes , it is a fact that the bourbon dinasty pushed an absolutist and centralist ideal of the nation , and there have been cultural and linguistical assimilation politics of different strength and importance in spain . 
  however , i think that the glorious legend of catalonia as an independent kingdom conquered by the castillian tyrants is a partially fabricated myth or , at least , a certainly biased interpretation of history . 
  medieval history of spain is a madhouse , * una casa de putas * , where all the political entities were fighting and joining all the time . 
  selectively picking some bits that adjust to your romantic contemporary vision of nation makes no sense . 
  the integration of catalonia and later aragon into what today is spain was part of the power game of aristocrats , a game in which all parts were equal and willing and did n't care about culture , identity or the common people . 
  well , in tha case of spain , our best friends include some of the main non-eu inmigrant groups ... and venezuela , which is the 23rd country with most nationals living here according to 2011 data . 
  inmigration and language seem to determine the map . 
  good article . 
  it 's great to share these discussions with the rest of the world . 
  however , i personally think it 's very selfish to base the identity of a nation in economic arguments such as these . 
  in a social state , progressive taxation is accepted . 
  in an independent catalonia you can analyze the data and find out how much money raised in the barcelona province is used to pay for `` investments and services delivered in the rest of ~ ~ spain ~ ~ catalonia '' , which consititutes an unfairness . 
  is it less unfair if those who benefit from this `` unfairness '' speak catalan ? 
  you can take this argument to the absurd and ponder the fairness or unfairness of money coming from wealthier neighborhoods to poorer ones within barcelona . 
  i do n't mean to attack the legitimate cause of catalan nationalism and i understand than politics is all about money , but i do n't like it when we pretend otherwise to use people and gain votes . 
  i 've never seen such a list . 
  not many spaniards go to america , and the vast majority of them go to nyc . 
  people just need to know they have to tip . 
  other than that , as a tourist , you 'll be left in hands of the american hospitality sector , which will make the average spaniard feel like an emperor or something . 
  on the other hand , i worked in student exchange programs for a few summers and took groups of teenagers to america . 
  my company edited two leaflets , one for the kids and another for their parents , and i found most of the content to be true . 
  they erred on the cautious side though . 
  kids can often get away with certain things depending on the host families and the cops , but you can get in a lot of trouble very quickly if the host family is super religious/strict , and if the local cops are all about keeping teenagers in check , which seems to be the case in some suburban communities . 
  in my experience , the most dangerous thing were those ` good ' american kids that play in sports teams and go to their church youth groups , but then do a lot stuff behind their parents ' backs . 
  they would always get my kids in some trouble one way or another . 
  there were also many things in that leaflet about culture that are useful . 
  for instance , a lot of spaniards barely say ` thank you ' or ` please ' ( especially at home ) and many teenagers often do n't do any chores besides keeping their rooms tidy . 
  even things like leaving the doors open if you 're not sleeping or changing your clothes can be useful . 
  if you do n't give kids any pointers , even nice spanish kids will come off as rude or entitled . 
  i know each house is different in america , but our american partners selected a very specific kind of family , so they were usually suburban , church-going conservative families . 
  they were volunteers , so they were also generally friendly and relatively open-minded , but kids were usually going into a stricter , more supervised enviroment , with more expectations and rules . 
  if the waiter was nice and did a good job , it 's almost like leaving without paying the bill . 
  i 've been to bars where they wo n't serve you any more drinks if you do n't tip . 
  they will just pretend they do n't see you . 
  some people own or borrow some kind of van or suv , but any store that sells big things to the general public will have a delivery system . 
  competitive markets like appliance stores often offer free delivery in urban areas . 
  it 's a common trope on spanish comedies . 
  it 's kinda annoying when it 's not just the dad , but pretty much every male adult is dumb and slow , and all the women are constantly rolling their eyes and and parenting their men . 
  spanish tv comedies tend to have huge casts with a big nuclear family ( or two ) and a lot of extended family members , friends , neigbours , people from the village , etc. 
  and a lot of plots are about the men getting in some sort of trouble because they are stupid and then it sort of gets out of hand because they do n't want the ladies to find out or something like that . 
  a classical example would be ` los serrano ' . 
  i do n't have personal experience . 
  everytime i 've heard about people being interned , it 's always been in a psychiatry ward in a big hospital . 
  so they 're not really in a ` mental hospital ' ( i 'm not even sure if they still exist in the public system anymore ) , but in that big hospital where people goes to get cancer treatment or surgery . 
  each region has its own healthcare system , so i 'm sure there will be a lot differences . 
  i personally only know two people that have been in pyschiatry wards ( always voluntarily committed ) and all i can say is that it seems to have helped them . 
  they never said bad things about these places or the staff . 
  both of them said they did n't like hanging out with the other patients though . 
  their experience was n't perfect and there are n't as many resources and programs as there should , but i think that people that has serious issues and seek help still get a lot out of it . 
  if we 're talking about real politics and not about about a bunch of youths , the problem is n't so much extremism ( a very loaded term ) but populism . 
  the last few years we have seen the rise of ( far ) right-wing populist parties all over europe , especially in central and northern europe , as well as what appears to be the rise of some conservative/authoritarian tendencies in parts of eastern europe . 
  left-wing populism on the other hand , is n't relevant in many countries outside southern europe , and when they 've managed to get some power , they do n't seem to have attacked private property or done anything outrageous . 
  there is much to criticize about these parties , but as i said , they are n't that relevant in the richest countries . 
  besides , many right-wing populist parties seem to have this goal to conquer and change society that makes other parties refuse to cooperate or get involved with them , while left-wing populist seem a little bit more capable of cooperating with traditional left-wing parties . 
  you should take into account that most people here are relatively young and more left-leaning on average than the general population ( and the general population is also more liberal on average than in america ) . 
  we also generally do n't buy into the myth of reagan ending the soviet union and many other views that are common among his american fans . 
  so at the end of the day your opinion on reagan depends mostly on what you think of reaganomics and thatcherism . 
  a lot of europeans support a big government that funds universal healthcare , free/cheap university and other big social programs , even conservatives depending on the country . 
  there are even socialist parties in our parliaments and governments , think about that . 
  if you do n't believe in trickle-down economics , you are very likely to see reagan 's influence as negative and destructive . 
  in other words , he symbolizes a whole socio-economic system , so the same way he 's the best president ever to some , he can be the worst too . 
  i 'm not a historian but this does n't sound like something a historian should be saying . 
  it sounds almost like asimov 's psychohistory from the foundation series . 
  and leaving serious history aside , one could argue that europe is nowadays more united than it 's ever been . 
  hell , you could even say that we already paid a considerable blood sacrifice to create a united europe . 
  one of the best concerts i 've ever been to was the casals quartet playing some schubert quartets ... 
  i still get chills when i remember the andante from death and the maiden . 
  he is a great catalan , and he has arguably done more to research and divulge spanish and latin american early music than almost anyone else , he 's amazing . 
  fyi : andorran flair = catalan flair in this sub, 
  i buy coffee beans from a a few portuguese brands . 
  i grind enough for a week or so and use an italian coffee maker . 
  i also have one of those capsule machines which can come in handy in certain sitiations , but i do n't use it daily . 
  this is very rare in spain , and people only do that sort of thing if there is a close friendship ( very rare ) or if it 's 100 % absolutely and completely necessary . 
  family ties are really strong in spain and people rely on family for this sort of thing , even when the relationship is not that great . 
  most people back off and let the family handle it . 
  when i was a kid we had no family in town , my grandparents were 1h away and when they got too old , the next closest family member was 2h away , and i can only remember getting help from neighbors maybe twice , and one of those times was after we were involved in a car accident ( nobody got more than a few stitches but the car got totaled ) and that was only when we got home from the hospital , my aunt came next morning . 
  it 's breakfast food in spain . 
  not a healthy one , but something you buy on a weekend or when you come back home after a night out . 
  a classic spanish party night ends buying some churros at 8am . 
  spanish cafes have them during breakfast hours . 
  in spain they 're just fried dough sticks , so people usually dip them in coffee or hot chocolate . 
  the thing is that you ca n't tell if someone that does n't match that stereotype is gay , unless they tell you or , you know , see them making out with someone the same sex or something . 
  i know gay people that are very flamboyant and people that really surprised me when they told they were gay . 
  one of my best friends is just another nerd like the rest of the guys and i would have never imagined he is gay if he had n't told me . 
  of course , once people know someone is gay , some will try to point at everything that is n't stereotypically macho as a tell-tale : grooming your hair and beard in a certain way , wearing hipster clothes , going to the opera or to the museums , being involved in anything remotely artistic , having female friends , not being into football , etc. 
  i think your experience with moroccans here can change a lot depending on where you live . 
  if it 's just a few families in a small farming village , they tend to integrate better and are often seen as hard-working but reserved .
