  teams usually play less games than in the nba or baseball leagues . 
  all things considered , there 's only 2-3 relevant games each week for most people , so dedicated regional broadcasts do n't make much sense . 
  a lot of them would have ** extremely ** low ratings and those who would do good are of national interest anyway . 
  so we have a few free games of all competitions , and cable sports packages with all the games . 
  each channel usually has their own announcers but they will broadcast any game their channel is showing . 
  some people prefer the radio announcers and it was common to watch the games with the sound off and the radio on , and now you can choose the radio audio in some channels . 
  i think it 's more about not understanding the language and what 's going on . 
  i have n't really looked into the origin of the expression , but it always makes me think of the swedish girls in certain spanish comedies of the 70s , where you had these skimpy-clothed nordic goddesses courted by short , hairy , unattractive comedians . 
  they were always naive , willing to join the sexually-frustrated protagonists in their outings , and completely unaware of the schemes and conversations going on around them . 
  lol , you could pretty much say the same , almost word for word , about our former president , zapatero . 
  though he enjoyed a pretty uneventful first term when the economy was still solid ( 2004-2008 ) . 
  a lot of young people own a tv as a generic big screen to place in front of a couch/bed , but a lot of people do n't watch much traditional tv and use it to stream netflix/youtube , play videogames , etc. 
  but it 's seen more and more as a luxury than as a necessity ( a nice laptop and phone upgrade are much higher in the priority list ) . 
  that being said , if you 're young and not living with your parents , you 're probably living in a furnished apartment with a shitty tv , and if you 're living with you parents ( pretty common here ) , you 'll probably watch more tv . 
  the part about spaniards not speaking english is true , but to be honest , most people i met in italy ( who did n't work in tourism ) preferred spanish/italian communication ( as in we all speak our own language slowly and loud and kinda understand each other ) to english . 
  i do n't give a shit , but my retired dad who spends half of the morning checking news sites has apparently become an expert in internacional law or something and will talk about fucking gibraltar all the time . 
  a lot of older conservative folks seem to care a little bit but nobody is really asking to do much more than crying and pointing fingers at the uk . 
  well , that sucks . 
  i knew that there had to be a good reason you asked ( otherwise your comments sound deliberately obstuse ) . 
  i think stamp standarization ( as in all post services accepting eu stamps ) should be doable but standarized fees is a more challenging goal . 
  but as i said buying stamps is pretty much a dying thing , almost nobody is affected and it would n't be an easy task . 
  congratulations , by the way . 
  after reading your comments i can tell you do n't understand why this is n't a real problem . 
  it would be an issue if a significant amount of people carried a big box of stamps when travelling or moving to another eu country . 
  people these days do n't really buy and store stamps . 
  we rarely send letters anyways , and when you have to , you usually just drop by the post office , give the clerk your letter/package and the address , and they 'll print a stamp of the neccessary amount . 
  companies and government offices have contracts with their local post offices . 
  people have brought up mexico and canada , but we can just use the usa . 
  how many people do you know that take advantage of using stamps bought in california in a business trip to ny ? 
  do anybody carry a box with hundreds of dollars in stamps when they move cross country ? 
  i guess it 's marginally useful for people comuting across state lines . 
  what i mean is that this is a non-issue . 
  if it were a problem , they would have unified stamps . 
  they will definitely show non-erotic nudity on the news and documentaries , although sometimes it 's kinda gratuitious , like when they show topless women on the beach on telecinco whenever they do a news piece about a holiday or the summer season . 
  you are right , but i did n't want to make it sound like i think it 's ok to make a joke about carrero blanco only because he was a bastard . 
  i also think it 's ok to tell a joke about miguel \u00c1ngel blanco or irene villa . 
   see , i disagree . 
  `` dialogue '' with intolerant people leads to nothing because 99 % of the time , intolerant people do n't want to discuss anything , they just want a space to proselytize from . 
  i do n't really want to start a huge debate , but i want to clarify that when i say dialogue i do n't necessarily mean to dialogue with intolerant people . 
  i mean social dialogue . 
  it 's not really about the people who talk , but about the people who watch . 
  i do n't like dogmatism , i want people to be able to question if holocaust numbers are true and to what extent , or wonder if transgenderism is something real or a mental illness , even if it implies offending or hurting people . 
  imposing dogmas on those issues does n't lead to people knowing more about the holocaust or transgenderism . 
  some of them will blindly accept the dogma , and some wo n't and just be quiet , but they are now vulnerable to demagogues . 
  the worst part is not the dogma itself , but the guardians of the dogma , because they treat the person who question the holocaust numbers the same way that someone who says that hitler did nothing wrong or some shit like that . 
  but leaving aside other social considerations , i do n't want other people deciding what opinions i should or should n't hear . 
  i do n't want that unnecessary protection . 
  i find it very paternalistic . 
  when you say * ( i use `` you '' in a general sense here ) * , we ca n't let fascists speak , you are telling me that you do n't trust me not to turn into a rabid fascist the moment i hear them . 
  they 're so dangerous , you ca n't even hear them once . 
  well , if that 's the only thing that 's stopping this society from turning into a fascist state , we 're doomed . 
  there are a few things that i like about the american constitution , especially its concept of free speech . 
  this is probably the biggest difference with most of europe , where a significant portion of the population is in favor , or at least ok , with banning certain kinds of offensive/hateful speech . 
  here in spain we 're in the middle of a controversy over a young woman getting [ convicted ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39442213 ) for tweeting offensive jokes eta victims . 
  however , a significant portion of those who oppose these laws bemoan that we do n't have any bans on pro-francoist or pro-fascist speech and say things like `` this would be illegal in germany '' . 
  we had another recent controversy over a [ transphobic bus campaign ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-spain-protest-transgender-iduskbn1691ta ) . 
  this time right and left agreed that it was very offensive and it could be hate-speech . 
  i personally found it particularly offensive because it targeted transgender children who are even more vulnerable . 
  but silencing those opinions will do nothing to change minds , it will only make that portion of the population feel oppressed and resented . 
  edit : what i mean is that if we 're not ready to deffend our ideas about racial and sexual tolerance , or our opposition to violence , if we 're not ready to explain why we believe what we believe to those who disagree , then those ideas are empty and useless . 
  it 's complicated . 
  those political groups in favor of leaving things as they are only need to wait another decade or so until everyone who was directly involved is dead or too old . 
  the law is still valid , and that 's not going to change anytime soon . 
  the un told spain to get rid of the amnesty law , and some people argue that crimes against humanity or against human rights ca n't be pardoned and such amnesty laws are illegal . 
  do francoists have any leverage ? 
  define `` francoists '' . 
  the francoist elite did n't go anywhere and for the most part , their children are part of the current establishment . 
  a lot of people do n't want to open that can of worms . 
  historicaly speaking , it was a necessary evil , given that the spanish transition to democracy was based on the premise that the francoist elite would voluntarily surrender their power . 
  but i 'm personally disgusted by the fact that the same law pardoned the torturers and their victims . 
  the amnesty law pardoned those who had been convicted for their political activism but also prevented any future prosecutions of francoist officials for their human rights infringements . 
  most people do n't care or even know this law , but human rights groups and historical memory movements denounce it as it has prevented the prosecution of well-known torturers that to this day still openly walk our streets . 
  it 's particularly infuriating considering that the suffering of victims of other crimes has often been politically exploited in spain . 
  but apparently , franco victims are not the right kind of victims . 
  i 'm neither basque nor an economist , but if you 're curious , i guess you should know the basque provinces and navarre have a different tax status , than the rest of the country for historical reasons . 
  the system is complex and hard to understand ( very few people really understand its intricacies , i 'm not one of them ) . 
  the gist of it is that they have almost exclusive control over the vast majority of taxes , including the ability to raise them themselves . 
  they can have the highest level of public spending with one of the lowest tax burdens . 
  those regions then contribute with an agreed-upon amount of money to the national budget . 
  there is a lot of disagreement about the fairness of the arrangement but it 's undeniable they 're better off with it . 
  the things is , they may or may not speak english , or know they correct pronounciation of those names , but it would be weird not to use the pronounciation the audience knows . 
  it 's funny how some english names get alternative pronunciation in spain and newscasters have to use the `` wrong '' pronunciation , or else people would n't understand . 
  a big classic is ronald reagan , whose last name is almost always pronounced ree-gan . 
   i know this subreddit is weighted towards the left well , the thing is that you might lean towards the left but that does n't mean that you are a communist that think that a communist economic system is worth sacrifying personal liberties and democracy . 
  i think that the answer would depend on the socio-economic circumstances . 
  a `` left-wing '' dictatorship is more likely to create things like public education , universal healthcare and stong public housing programs ( right-wing dictatorships can do this too ) . 
  if you already had those things or get a reasonable standard of living without too much help of the government , a right-wing dictatorship is more likely to leave you alone as long as you do n't get `` involved in politics '' , while left-wing dictatorships were often more interested in organizing society in some way . 
  to be honest , i do n't think the biggest factor would be left or right , but if the country is aligned with the dominant powers of the world , and that probably means some kind of right-wing dictatorship or something like china ( which in many ways is almost indistinguishable of regimes considered right-wing ) . 
  [ felipe vi of house bourbon ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/felipe_vi_de_espa%c3%b1a#/media/file:king_of_spain_2015_ ( cropped \\ ) . jpg ) is the current king , after his father juan carlos i abdicated in 2014 . 
  he married former news anchor [ letizia ortiz ] ( http://www.lavozlibre.com/userfiles/2a_decada/image/fotos%202012/09%20septiembre%202012/13%20septiembre/letizia-tve_web.jpg ) ( now queen letizia ) in 2004 and had [ two daughters ] ( http://www.periodistadigital.com/imagenes/2014/06/19/felipe-vi-letizia-y-sus-hijas-las-infantas.jpg ) , princess leonor and * infanta * sof\u00eda . 
  the spanish monarchy has [ male-preference cognatic succession ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primogeniture#male-preference_primogeniture ) , meaning that females can be queens if there are no living brothers . 
  for instance , our current king is the younger of 3 siblings , having two older sisters . 
  there were many talks about reforming succession to do away with male primogeniture , but as the king and queen only had daughters ( and seem to have stopped at two children ) , i guess they 'd rather leave it as it is for another generation . 
  the waits can be long in some public healthcare systems , but people of all social classes with serious problems get treated and you do n't have to hear about people 's medical bills . 
  american republicans would probably tear our system apart . 
  but the other day i was watching a newspiece about organ transplants and they were interviewing an african single mother about her 6yo daughter who had received a lung transplant and now could run and play like a normal kid . 
  i thought i was more than happy that my taxes went to fund that surgery and all the medical care that little girl needed before . 
  all spaniards can tell you horror stories about that one sunday when they spent 6 hours in the er , but we also know about what happened when our parents and grandparents had a stroke or needed open heart surgery , and received great healthcare with no cost . 
  hell , even if you want to skip the waits , private healthcare here is dirty cheap compared to the us and will let you get an appointment with an specialist within days ( depending on location ) . 
  spanish culture is kinda incompatible with hero-worshipping .
