  damn switzerland , that 's spanish or greek levels of lazy . 
  but our anthem does n't have a text anyway . 
  i think that was a decent and relatively neutral summary for anyone interested . 
  podemos has become a polarizing issue in the last few months and it is hard to read something that is n't clearly trying to support or attack them . 
  that 's the main problem . 
  not only the pp and certain psoe factions oppose any kind of political negotiation regarding these issues . 
  it is just one of their main principles and something they brag about . 
  hell , they could even agree to a middle ground where both parties give up some of their demands in exchange of something else , you know , like adults do . 
  i find it very sad . 
  if you check the history of scotland , it 's not precisely a cakewalk : the wars of independence in the middle ages , the anglo-scottish wars , the bishop 's wars and all the religious conflicts , the union , jacobitism , the clearances , etc. 
  i do n't know , if it were n't for franco i would be tempted to think that scotland had it worse . 
  this an [ inquisition scene ] ( http://uploads7.wikiart.org/images/francisco-goya/inquisition-scene-1819.jpg ) painted by goya . 
  [ another one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/francisco_de_goya_y_lucientes_025.jpg ) from the same series , representing public flagellants . 
  it 's also hilarious that they are attacking albert rivera by saying that he is catalan and using the catalan name of his party , even when we all know where he stands regarding these issues . 
  well , the fun part is that they have a majority as of today , they exhausted every legal possibility , and they have tried to negotiate , but faced total opposition . 
  so i wonde , why did n't they declare independence already ? 
  i 'm very skeptical about mas . 
  i 've been 4 times , visited very different parts of the country , and got to meet very different kinds of people , from the san francisco commies to reagan-worshipping pentecostalists , even an african american baptist congregation in virginia ( i was involved in running student exchange programs , so you meet a lot of people ) . 
  what i like the most about america is that it is more acceptable to do things your way . 
  in most european countries there is a right way of doing things . 
  i mean stupid things like the way you are suppossed to cook certain things , whether you should wear shoes inside the house , using the wrong word , bureaucracy , etc. 
  europeans are sometimes very passive aggresive about these little things . 
  [ poe 's law anyone ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ), 
  not in europe , but i was involved in running an exchange program with a private christian high school and stayed with the `` biology '' teacher ( who had a `` christian science '' diploma hanging on his home office ) . 
  everyone must visit a megachurch if they ever go to american by the way , it 's quite something . 
  most creationist groups in europe are pretty insular : muslims , jehowa 's witnesses , american-style evangelists , etc. 
  i do n't think we are smarter than americans though . 
  it 's just that creationism does n't have the same promotion here . 
  it also helps that we are more secular and the catholic and orthodox churches accept evolution in one way or another . 
  it 's a little bit a transition between different regions , in my opinion . 
  saint louis kinda feels like a midwestern city , but the few times i went a couple of counties south it was ... picturesque . 
  though the racial problems in the saint louis metropolitan area are more similar to those of places like detroit or chicago : housing projects , white flight , segregation and all that . 
  yeah . 
  i guess it 's different in every city , but i think you see more far left grafitti nowadays . 
  i will go with america too . 
  i 've been there several times and i know a lot of people in different parts of the country . 
  sure there are many fucked-up things , but the people are incredibly friendly and there are plenty of economic oportunities . 
  it 's also a great place to be different and do your own thing , whereas most european countries have more rigid ideas about how things work . 
  the only thing that sucks is the car-centric culture and the boring suburbs , althougn there are alternatives . 
  there is no point in denying it . 
  you can see all kind of radical grafitti in many areas of spain , especially in certain towns and suburbs of large metropolitan areas . 
  even though you see swastikas here and there , i 'd say their trademark symbol is the [ celtic cross ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_cross#nationalist_usage ) . 
  skinhead are usually left alone by the police except when shit hits the fan and somebody get badly hurt or killed . 
  spain is also less strict about all these ideologies than in most of europe , as we were neutral during ww2 and franco died in his bed . 
  that being said , i think that they are not as much of a problem as they used to be 10-20 years ago . 
  every now and then , you heard about skinheads beating punkies and immigrants . 
  i was a little bit of a metalhead , which is often associated to punk and leftists subcultures in spain , and most of my friends avoided walking alone around certain parks and avenues in the early morning , because you could `` get in trouble '' . 
  nowadays , i do n't really hear about it anymore . 
  sorry , if you want to get a piece of that , you have to join nato first . 
  [ model united nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/model_united_nations ), 
  i 'm very skeptical about this so-called recovery . 
  even if things do finally get better , i 'm not sure it 's thanks to the policies of the government . 
  and i will never forget that the government abandoned millions of people in need to their own fate , and they have only survived because relatives and charities took care of them . 
  we are actually exporting most of our talent . 
  spain has a terrible culture of innovation . 
  only a bunch of big companies care about r&d , universities and research centers have seen dramatic economic cuts after the crisis hit , and the situation was n't stellar before . 
  it 's really sad because we have our fair share of smart hard-working people that spent so much time and public resources on their education , and now they are forced to leave the country . 
  i enjoy a * siesta * joke as much as anyone , but it 's heartbreaking that we have the most educated and prepared youth of our history , and they end up emigrating or serving tables . 
  this . 
  we also put thousands of kids on school buses every morning , and nothing stops those drivers from crashing into a concrete wall or something . 
  there is not very much we can do about it besides ensuring everyone has access to mental health services , and , perhaps more importantly , fighting the stigma of mental illness . 
  shit happens though . 
  it 's still fun to watch the nordics explain why the statistics mean they are more advanced , like with any other negative statistic . 
  i mean , you do n't see people saying the nordics are happier because muslim immigrants bring more happiness or because they are more likely to report happiness and have better education on what happy means . 
  i agree that some things are very difficult to compare , but again , it 's also very difficult to compare happiness or life satisfaction . 
  why do we have to be so cynical ? 
  there are 287k suscribers , most of them english-speaking and college-educated . 
  it 's not that far-fetched that there are a few people interested and/or knowledgeable about such a fascinating field . 
  or that they have just been reading about the issue because it 's all over the news ... 
  well , there are cultural differences among the states , but at the end of the day , they 're all part of the same country . 
  so when the national public opinon changes , there is definitely a domino effect . 
  also , you guys can legislate by challenging marriage bans , and get to make same-sex marriage legal in places like oklahoma , where 66 % of the public opinion opposed it , and only 23 % was favorable ( according to this wikipedia [ article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage_in_oklahoma ) ) . 
  i do n't want to compare or start a debate , but i guess spain kinda brought it on itself due to the obsession of certain political groups with gibraltar . 
  according to wikipedia , el prat handled 37 million passengers last year , so maybe that puts things in prespective . 
  but yeah , this kind of news makes you feel weird when you are familiar with the place , like when eta bombed the barajas terminal 4 parking building ( i have parked there many times ) . 
  at least they are an integral part of spain , with the same rights and obligations than the rest of the country and not a `` colony '' or a tax haven . 
  it 's a very complex issue and there are very different interpretations of the history of these two cities , but right now it 's not like spain is fighting anyone to keep those cities . 
  not really , dutch has a very distinctive sound . 
  to my ears , dutch sounds more similar to german , but maybe it 's because i know some german and the structures sound familiar . 
  they do . 
  i 'm not sure what the situation was . 
  maybe they do n't give you a helicopter ride if you are not in a life and death situation . 
  many transplant recipients are stable and living at home , and when they get the call , their families take them to the hospital by car . 
  but i do n't really know the protocol . 
  in case someone that did n't read the article wonders , it was the first flight to their destination . 
  they boarded the very next flight and barely managed to arrive in time for the transplant . 
  is it really worth it ? 
  or it 's just that you got ta spend all that sweet eu money ( we 've been there ) . 
  before i clicked , i knew i wanted to see a t-rex doing the nazi salute with this tiny arm . 
  but how else are we going to stop the terrorists without a t-rex ? 
  well , your opinion is perfectly valid . 
  many of us are still pretty young or live in urban areas where you do n't experience this as much . 
  i personally think you can have all the good things without the nepotism and clientelism . 
  some mayors in small villages can and do say `` sorry , i ca n't help you with that '' , go on with their day , and they are still as friendly as anyone else in the bar . 
  it 's not necessary , but it 's culturally accepted , or at least tolerated , it 's easy to get away with , and many people benefit from it . 
  but it 's alienating to many others and creates an uneven playing field that discourages entrepreneurship . 
  the worst part is that it promotes the opposite of a meritocracy : it does n't matter if you are incompetent or sloppy , and only matters how well-connected and loyal you are . 
  it 's hard to explain , it 's a socio-political structure developed in the 19th and early 20th centuries in rural spain . 
  from the wikipedia article on the [ bourbon restoration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/restoration_ ( spain \\ ) ) :  after almost a whole century of political instability and many civil wars , the aim of the restoration was to create a new political system , which ensured stability by the practice of turnismo .
