  whether they change it or not , it 's highly unlikely that we will see again another politican cling to the office for so long in the age of internet and political tv . 
  i mean , there is a technical name , * cursiva * , but it 's not a word that you hear for handwriting ( we use it a lot for another meaning , * italics * ) . 
  it will probably phase out in the next decades as children now grow up using computers and other devices before the can even read , but i love handwriting . 
  for me it 's not only faster , but it 's makes remembering what i write easier . 
  that 's why i always wrote handwritten notes in university , and even wrote handwritten summaries when i was suing textbooks or the professor 's materials . 
  i always found all this `` cursive '' thing funny , as we do n't really speak in those terms in spain . 
  children are taught to write joining letters together right after they learn the alphabet . 
  later in life when teachers stop giving a shit about your handwriting , people develop their own style and some people separate letters , but we call it all handwriting . 
  if i 'm honest , i still find it weird when i see educated adults separating all letters , as i would had to make a very deliberate effort to do it . 
  that 's cultural differences for you ( and conditioning people to do things a certain way since early childhood ) . 
  i do n't want to sound confrontational , but after reading your piece , i can only ask , wtf was that ? 
  who do you hang out with ? 
  seriously , is that hatingguy remotely representative of the views of italians , because that 's lightyears aways from anything i 've ever heard in spain . 
  we are not particularly obsessed with germany , and when we bring up german people , we usually limit our comments to merkel and sh\u00e4uble . 
  to be honest , we spend 99 % of our hating capacity hating on other spaniards . 
  and it is n't representative of / r/europe either . 
  if anything , there has been incresing hate towards the greek people , but the majority of people are very reasonable . 
  sure , there might be some stereotypes , just like in any other country . 
  watch out lazy germans , some people might wrongly assume that you are efficient and hard-working !, 
  the right wing media has asked him this several times and he has been very consistent ( for pablo iglesias ) : he has repeatedly said that he supports a referendum and believes in plurinational spain and catalonia 's right to choose , but he would rather catalonia stay in spain . 
  i do n't know if you guys can ask much more from a madrid politician , to be honest . 
  when i talked about the pp being against independence and anything else coming from catalonia , perhaps i should have explained myself clearer . 
  we were discussing why catalonia ca n't have a referendum , or why the government does n't allow one . 
  i was referring to this posture of blocking anything that comes from catalonia and actively avoiding any kind of referendum , about this defense of spain no matter what catalonian citizens think . 
  i am aware that you can be progressive and be against the independence or have negative opinions about catalan nationalist parties and politicians . 
  i 'm talking about political parties . 
  but i 'm curious , are you against holding a referendum ? 
  considering catalonia has no army , yes . 
  catalonia has its own police force , but i seriusly doubt catalan nationalists are considering using them in any way . 
  there is no way this is coming to that . 
  the spanish government could suspend the catalan autonomy and local government , and many other legal stuff , but i 'm not sure anyone would be arrested or accused of any crime other than perverting the course of justice or something like that . 
  but it would be a matter of courts . 
  this is very very sad . 
  i 'm all for people deciding their future , but if i cared about the `` unity of spain '' i would have spent the last decade facepalming . 
  these * salvapatrias * are only pushing you guys more and more towards secession . 
  this is why i think they do n't give a shit about national unity and they only want to use the issue electorally . 
  what did they think they would accomplish when they challenged the 2006 estatut ? 
  what were they thinking when they sabotaged any attempt to celebrate a referendum ? 
  did they think that nationalists would see the wrong of their ways and come into the fold like the prodigal son ? 
  basically , the main conservative party and its voters are completelly against not only independence , but anything that gives catalonia ( and the basque country ) more autonomy , especially if they get something no one else is getting . 
  they are self proclaimed defenders of the law and the nation , and have exploited certain emotions and fears regarding this issue for decades in order to win votes ( nationalist politicians are also guilty of this ) . 
  they have been incredibly obstrutionist to anything coming from catalonia , even in the opposition , when they challenged many catalan policies and projects in courts . 
  so they have put themselves in a position where they can do nothing but opposse and block every single policy , project and idea that differs from their conception if spain , it 's a fundamental tenent of the party , if not the most important one . 
  the main leftist party has been traditionally more open about federalization and the idea of spain as a plurinational state ( this is another big no-no for conservatives ) , although individual politicians and part of their voters may not be so tolerant . 
  regardless of my personal opinions on the issue , i 'm grabbing some popcorn . 
  i ca n't wait for the drama and see how far both the government and the future catalan government are willing to go . 
  my favorite will always be : * everything is false ... ^ except ^ for ^ some ^ things * that was so [ hmmmmmm ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/077/so_good.png ) . 
  for our european friends , that 's what our pm said when asked about the parallel accounting books that the former treasurer leaked . 
  the books are suppossed to prove the existence of a slush fund and included cash donations and payments . 
  the fun part was that the press was able to corroborate some of the entries . 
  some regional party officials confirmed that they received those exact quantities to do things like renovate offices . 
  so the pm basically said , everything in those books is completely false ... except those few things that the press has managed to corroborate . 
  i 'm not arguing about that , i 'm just pissed about how the media has treated the situation , completely ignoring the role of the banks in all this . 
  i wo n't defend greece and its actions during the last couple of decades ( i would n't defend spain either ) , but over here it was all talking about the retirement age and memes about holding a household referendum to stop paying the mortgage , while we are spending billions of taxpayers ' money to save the banks . 
  i 'm not talking about whether greece , or the banks , or the other eu countries should have done this or that . 
  i 'm just saying that the media and the european governments have been very dishonest about everything that has happened since 2008 . 
  lol , fair enough . 
  did you know the greek retire at 55 , did you ? 
  * ( seriously , the media here is sometimes so shitty ) *, 
  i 'm really disappointed in the media . 
  i should know better , but i 'm still diappointed . 
  all these weeks talking about the retirement age in greece and similar stuff , like if this bail-out was about paying greek pensions . 
  maybe this bailout is necessary to avoid the banking apocalypse or something , but at least they should be upfront about it : these banks did these bad investments , but we ca n't let them fall , or else we are fucked , so we need billions of taxpayers ' money to try to solve this mess . 
  that can definitely happen too , and it would n't surprise anyone . 
   just look at the shit esperanza was trying to pull in madrid to keep carmena out and imagine that desperation on a national level . 
  come on , it was obvious she proposed that fully knowing the psoe would not accept it . 
  you are talking mostly about the pp . 
  one thing is what the pp wants and another entirely is what the psoe wants , and so far , we have n't seen the same obsession and need to block podemos in the psoe . 
  taking into account that podemos is on a donward tendency and that the psoe will very likely get more seats , we are not in the scenario predicted by the winter polls , where the psoe had to choose between pm rajoy or pm iglesias . 
  if anything , it 's now podemos that has to choose between pm rajoy and pm s\u00e1nchez . 
  and anyone can see that psoe attacks on podemos have decreased dramatically after the last election . 
  of course , it depends on the actual results ( especially c 's ) , but i do n't think a psoe+p odemos agreement is out of the question at all . 
  i would n't dismiss a psoe+p odemos coalition so quickly . 
  those two will sell their mothers in order to oust the pp . 
   the other 3 major parties are more okay with each other than them at the end of the day . 
  pp will abstain and allow a psoe or psoe/c 's minority government if it comes to that . 
  i do n't know if the psoe is more ok with the pp than with podemos , but i 'm sure of this : if the numbers are right and the psoe needs the support of podemos to get the government , they wo n't hesitate for a second . 
  well , i guess so , but i 'm not involved in that community in any way . 
  maybe you could try contacting [ uni\u00f3n roman\u00ed ] ( http://www.unionromani.org/ ) , a huge roma federation and lobby that encompasses a myriad of local roma associations , and they can help you set up something . 
  i hope they can answer english emails ( not because they are roma , but because they are spanish ) . 
  you can also check [ this page ] ( http://www.unionromani.org/pueblo_in.htm#espana ) on their site . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people_in_spain ) wikipedia page is a good start . 
  i think the case of spanish roma is very unique for their relevance in popular culture and art . 
  they are an ethnicity , but pretty much all the conflicts and predjudice affect the people that live certain lifestyles on the fringes of society . 
  of course we can discuss why this happens forever , but people accept those who live a regular life , get educated , get a normal job , pay taxes , do n't marry 14yo girls , etc. 
  in spain there is also a big distinction between our traditional roma groups , who embrace the word gypsy ( * gitano * ) , and the groups that immigrated from eastern europe and that are colloquially called `` romanian gypsies '' . 
  the former have had their share of predjudice and isolation , and some of them still live marginal or criminal lifestyles , but they had a great impact in popular culture and there are many perfectly integrated families living in `` normal '' neighborhoods . 
  that being said , some people are more predjudiced than others because of personal experiences . 
  sometimes , the people of smaller towns are more hostile because the government relocated many conflictive groups from the bigger cities to tight-knit communities when they dismantled the shanty towns in the 80s and 90s . 
  it was especially notorious in barcelona , where they `` cleaned '' the city for the 1992 olympics . 
  this was a guaranteed source of social tensions . 
  and it 's very difficult to convince a person that has only had negative experiences growing up . 
  but as i said , they are an integral part of spanish culture , they speak our language , share our traditional religious practices , and we see them every day , they are our neighbors . 
  the foreign roma groups are more conflictive and the stories are very similar to what people from other countries tell . 
  the problem is the culture . 
  no matter who you think is to blame , or what is the cause , that culture promotes anti-social and criminal behaviour that makes integration more difficult , which strenghtens this culture and creates a vicious circle . 
  this is a very complex situation and it will probably take a couple of generations to get to a better place . 
  to be honest , i do n't think anybody is asking for simpathy or crying . 
  they do it because it 's risky in the first place . 
  i guess i did n't make my point very clearly .
