  i think it 's ridiculous to claim that you got most votes in a parliamentary system , when you got 26 % of the votes . 
  i mean , it 's true ... but it sounds like they were robbed or something , when 74 % voted for someone else . 
  you know what 's the worst thing about him ? 
  he got the parliament seat of someone who resigned , twice . 
  he never got a seat in an election . 
  in 2011 , he was no . 
  11 for madrid and the psoe only won 10 seats in madrid . 
  he never did anything in local or regional politics . 
  he was a big nobody in the party . 
  it 's so damn obvious they picked him for his good looks and for being a somewhat decent public speaker . 
  and the saddest part is that he has a good chance of becoming the next prime minister through some coalition . 
  at least there are a few interesting discussions about german culture every once in a while . 
  / r/spain is pretty much / helpmeplanmytriptospain . 
   civil guard photo shoot sparks fury probably misleading . 
  sadly , this kind of news go pretty much unnoticed most of the time . 
  there 's nothing gay about two bros helping each other out . 
  if you do n't know anything about a particular issue , wikipedia is usually a good starting point . 
  i personally think it 's a good way to see if i find the topic interesting and i want to know more about it . 
  well , it 's a comment thread about the anniversary of a soviet crime , in a community with many eastern european users . 
  it 's not like some pole in a suit knocked on your front door this morning to discuss these issues with you . 
   this may be linked to the fact that for the first time a basque nationalist party leader can be the president of the parlament of navarre i ca n't find any news . 
  i heard rumors about uxue barkos ( she 's awesome ) but i did n't know it was official . 
  that guy is a joke in spain . 
  he 's the grand-grandson of franco ( his maternal grandmother is the only child of the dictator ) and his whole family was constantly on the yellow press . 
  they are of course related to the spanish branch of the house of bourbon ( he is a second cousing of the spanish king ) , but he has no claim on the spanish title . 
  when the bourbons `` won '' the war of the spanish succession they started a new and independent dinasty . 
   what irritates me is the notion that we have to account for things that happened here more than 500 hundred years ago in a very different world . 
  although i agree , i think it 's more of a symbolic gesture and a pr move than anything else . 
  the real question is , does people actually report parents for very mild stuff like smacking a small child once when they are out of control ? 
  the socialists made it illegal in 2007 ( all conservative parties voted against it though ) , and most parents these days have never ( or almost never ) smacked their chidren , but i think occasionally smacking small children is still socially acceptable ( or at least tolerable ) over here . 
  i 'm certain there are many many things the state does n't let you do to your children in america . 
  it 's sad , but when a person reaches that age , it 's bound to happen any day . 
  in a certain way , you kinda feel good when a person passes away after a very long and fulfilling life , and without going through some terrible chronic disease or something destructive like alzheimer 's . 
  rip :(, 
  you never hugged your parents or siblings ? 
  yep . 
  some guys kiss their friends . 
  it 's not very common , but when i 've seen it , it 's more in situations when the guys are like brothers and have been friends since they were in pre-school or something like that . 
  this is simply beautiful . 
  moroccans are far from being most conflictive immigrant group , they usually are very hard-working and family oriented . 
  but i 'll make sure to keep an eye on the nice moroccan lady who took care of my grandma during his final years and came to her funeral . 
  maybe she has been a secret isis militant all this time . 
  if you want to start a far-right party in spain you should try your luck with south american people ( who share culture , language and religion with us btw ) or probably the catalans . 
  but i do n't want to be a catholic :(, 
  well , kinda the same than in surrounding provinces , it 's the good old [ castille ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/castile_ ( historical_region \\ ) ) with the bonus of being relatively close to madrid . 
  bulgarian immigrants are most likely doing manual labor . 
  they tend to have a harder time learning spanish than romanians for obvious reasons , and have thicker `` scarier '' accents , so you rarely see bulgarians working in places like nursing homes , supermarkets and school cafeterias . 
  to be honest almost any bulgarian i 've met is male and works in construction or is a student , but i have n't met many . 
  nope . 
  we used to be very into the whole `` be catholic or gtfo '' thing for quite a while . 
  does enough people care ? 
  because sometimes people just do n't care too much about these things . 
  in spain we still ca n't agree on these issues some people prefer to ignore the past . 
  so , what 's the deal the swiss in a coru\u00f1a ? 
  children of returning immigrants ? 
  to be honest , it 's a lot of people considering the ttip has received almost no coverage in many countries . 
  yep . 
  the colors are kinda misleading , as one would expect gree = surplus in such a map . 
  for those who do n't speak spanish : * first map shows the deficit of the different spanish regions both in millions of euros and as a share of the regional gdp . 
  the regions marked in green have met the deficit target of 1 % . 
  * the next table shows the total debt . 
  i assume the % on the first column is the total debt as a percentage of the gdp ) . 
  the last column is the growth * the next graph shows the evolution of the deficit . 
  the table below breaks down the deficit into central , regional and local governments , and social security ; and compares 2013 , 2014 and the target for 2014 . 
  * the last couple of maps are about rating agencies . 
  i think the data is interesting and it clearly shows that spain has made a huge effort these past few years , and the public has experienced the consequences . 
  yeah , it 's obvious that having the military overseeing the civil government is a terrible thing . 
  by no means i think erdogan is an evil dictator , but i think he 's an ambitious person taking advantage of ( what seems ) a poor democratic culture . 
  and i do n't say that with any sense of superiority , i am very critical with my own country and its numerous problems . 
  i think it 's complicated . 
  a fairly elected political leader can still erode democracy by weakening the separation of powers , restricting critical press and other funny business . 
  i think the situation is comparable with what happened in venezuela . 
  a populist leader with strong popular support ( especially among the poorest ) and a booming economy can do a lot of damage to the quality of democracy . 
  the fact that we are talking about how this election legitimates erdogan , when he is n't running in this election , is a strong enough sign . 
  scary indeed . 
  it reminds me of the situation in venezuela : eroding democracy and its institutions with the support of popular classes and relative economic prosperity . 
  i am under the impression that erdogan expects the economic bubble to burst in the following years and wants to make sure that a loss of popularity among the popular classes does n't jeopardize his position . 
  you make it sound like their wealth is the reason so many people is interested in watching those guys `` kick a ball '' . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  everyone wants to see them play , and thus it is profitable to pay them a shit-ton of money . 
  now i realize i know very little about the political system in turkey and the english wikipedia articles do n't say too much . 
  we are discussing erdogan on / r/europe every other day , but i did n't know he became president last year . 
  anyway , to a foreign observer , it does n't look good when a dominant prime minister becomes the president and things seem to be the same . 
  is davuto\u011flu relevant ? 
  what would happen if a non-akp government is elected ? 
  how would that work with erdogan as president ? 
  i find it all kind of confusing as presidents ( and kings ) tend to be ceremonial figures in parliamentary systems . 
  and i never heard about that referendum . 
  can someone eli5 ? 
  do they want a presidential system like in the us ? 
  does certain person want to become that president ? 
  what 's the deal with it ? 
  is squid ink such a rarity ? 
  i thought it would be something more common . 
  squid with ink sauce and black rice are delicious . 
  that 's the thing , rajoy 's role in this recovery seems irrelevant to a great extent . 
  i never really never perceived that this government had the slightest intention to reform the multiple issues that make our economy uncompetitive , especially the crippling bureaucracy . 
  i 'm not saying this issues are easy to solve or even diagnose , but they do n't seem to care about all these things . 
  [ this piece ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/05/29/get-ready-for-spains-syriza-moment-spanish-elections-podemos-austerity/ ) on foreign policy was spot on . 
   spain needs a government that is committed to rooting out political corruption and enacting constructive economic reforms .
