  this situation is self-reinforcing , as it encourages total opposition from madrid to anything that comes from catalonia , which has gradually pushed catalan political parties towars secession , which in turn forces the pp to be more vocal and active in their self-appointed role as protectors of the motherland . 
  it does n't help that the pp gets terrible results in catalonia ( even worse in this last election ) , so the catalan voterbase is pretty much irrelevant to them . 
  on the other hand , the mainstream left-wing party , the socialist psoe , has always been more favorable to federal positions and rhetoric ( talking about a plurinational state and stuff like that ) . 
  they are also much more reliant on catalan votes to get a good result in national elections . 
  the socialists also led `` catalanist '' coalitions in 2003-2006 and 2006-2010 , which included the main left-wing catalan nationalist party ( now aligned with right-wing nationalists ) , and were part of the recent history of disagreement between the central and catalan governments . 
  during the recent `` golden era '' of spanish socialism ( from around 2003-2004 to the collapse of the economy in 2011 ) , the conservative platform and media ran an incredibly aggressive attack campaign on socialist national and regional governments . 
  the pp spent 7-8 years in the oppostion , demonizing anything that challenged the current state structure or anything that sounded too nationalist . 
  seriously , they often made a huge deal of tiny irrelevant stuff . 
  so at this point , a very significant part of the pp indentity and voter support is based on acting precisely like they do . 
  they could very well say that all the cabinet is selling weapons to isis in exchange of underage sex slaves or something like that rather than allowing a referendum . 
  there are also a lot of assholes among catalan politicians , i 'm just giving my opinion on why the government is so opposed to a referendum, 
  this government sometimes makes me miss aznar 's glorious cabinet . 
  it was full of cocky assholes , but at least they had a spine and some personality . 
  you also have to take into account that there is very little incentive to vote in non-swing states . 
  if you live in in texas ( 27m people ) , you know your state is going to be red , and all 34 electoral votes are going for the republican candidate , so many voters , both republican and democrat , do n't even bother . 
  idk man . 
  i do n't like rajoy and i despise the pp , but he 's the candidate with the most votes and , at the end of the day he got the support of the resprentatives of millions of citizens . 
  that deserves some respect , the same respect that left-wing coalitions in regional and local governments deserve . 
  rajoy will likely last 4 years . 
  keep in mind that a motion of no confidence ( * moci\u00f3n de censura * ) needs an alternative candidate in spain . 
  and rajoy wo n't resign no matter what . 
  you basically need a cataclysm that aligns psoe and podemos with either ciudadanos or nationalists . 
  i 'm talking about other spaniards . 
  i guess `` able to hold a conversation '' is very subjective . 
  the sad thing is that the percentage of people willing to have a conversation is probably lower . 
  spanish people are very insecure and afraid of being made fun of for speaking another language . 
  what 's hilarious is that you can get snarky comments no matter if you butcher the language or speak it reasonably well . 
  it 's a huge paradigm shift for everyone . 
  for more than 30 years we have lived in a world where the two biggest parties presented themselves as polar opposities and the only alternative of all what 's evil and wrong , incarnated by the other . 
  all our cultural and social references have been shaped in that context . 
  you ca n't have these two parties saying the other is the worst thing that ever happened to spain ( because that 's how a two party system works ) and expect things to change overnight . 
  i guess it will take some time for people to adapt . 
  from a purely rational point of view , it was obvious that a pp minority government was the only possible outcome , especially when we take into account the situation in catalonia . 
  still , it was an extremely tough choice to make for the psoe as they are potentionaly choosing between two deaths . 
  i guess it may look silly to a german , considering you guys have a cdu/spd ruling coalition ... 
   everyone seems to forgot that podemos is also having major internal strife as well . 
  imo , `` major internal strife '' is a little bit of a overstatement . 
  they will never be as cohesive as a traditional party , but i do n't really think there 's a huge civil war going on within the party . 
  i think it 's disingenuous for the press to compare what 's going on in both parties . 
  that 's not to say that podemos wo n't face a lot of internal challenges . 
  they may very well collapse in the near future . 
  a lot of things can happen in four years . 
  i 'm only saying it 's kinda ridiculous to pay too much attention to who wrote what on twitter , while the psoe burns in front of our eyes . 
  not italian , but you wait for your parents to get out of the house and get at it like rabbits . 
  when you 're a little bit older and/or in a long-term relationship , many parents are ok with your so staying over . 
  in that case , you try to be as quiet as possible and everyone pretends nobody is having sex . 
  if you think about it , parents still have sex in the house when their kids are little . 
  there are also many people in the 18-25 age group that leave their house for university , though they still rely heavily on their family . 
  you are correct . 
  but we ca n't deny that challenging the ban was also highly political . 
  in my opinion , this whole affair is a fight between two flavors of nationalism . 
  the whole situation is hilarious when we consider the canary islands banned bullfighting in 1991 and nobody cared . 
  was the ban in catalonia politically motivated ? 
  probably , at least in part . 
  however , using the constitutional court to win a dick contest makes us look like a banana republic and will definitely do nothing but fuel the fire . 
  i 'd say there 's also a cultural element related to this . 
  many people want to see the police cars patrolling their neighborhoods , especially people who vote ( older people ) . 
  increasing the number of police officers used to be a popular election promise 10-20 years ago . 
  anyone who visits spain can see there are police officers everywhere . 
  it 's the cocky , provocative tone more than anything . 
  he 's not the kind of politician that makes the headlines . 
  i 'm well aware minister margallo shares those views , but , as i said , he tends to focus more on technicalities and treaties when he speaks about gibraltar . 
  i was kinda shocked when i heard him say those words on the news . 
  he 's generally mild-mannered and cautious , and tends to talk about treaties , un resolutions and boring stuff when discussing gibraltar . 
  not really . 
  the psoe is a very powerful and well-oiled machine . 
  almost everyone who is someone there has spent years if not decades to get where they are , and they have no incentive to leave the boat . 
   i know i wo n't get any love , but has any of those demonising bullfighting because of the bull 's death ever considered if they are fighting for the life of the animal ? 
  this is one of the most repeated pro-bullfighting arguments . 
  some people also say that the breed would go extinct if we were to out an end to this tradition . 
  we all have heard that for years . 
  i would assume most people have considered this argument and reached the conclussion that it 's still not morally acceptable . 
   i wonder how is it for everyone more important the way an animal dies than the way an animal lives . 
  why ca n't someone care about both ? 
  why do caring about the first mean you ca n't examine the morality of the second ? 
  let me be clear . 
  i 'm not stating my opinion on this issue , i 'm just saying that someone could very well go see a bullfight and think that 's a horrible thing regardless of how the bull was treated before . 
  the socialists are in a very tough place . 
  i do n't think it is 100 % about what they can get out of this . 
  the party is facing serious identity issues , especially considering their disconnect with young and urban voters . 
  a friend of mine is a young member of the party and is pretty involved in the provincial branch of the party ( northern castille ) . 
  he dislikes s\u00e1nchez and voted for madina in the primaries . 
  he told me most low-ranks he talks to are in favor of voting no , but they 're afraid s\u00e1nchez will `` cave in '' . 
  even though we hear many senior party members support the abstention , for many low-rank members , it will destroy their credibility . 
  i 'm talking about people that had to navigate zapatero 's fall and podemos 's meteroic rise ( remember how sexy podemos was just a year ago ) . 
  but it 's hard to predict what the party leadership will do . 
  i did n't believe we would actually go to a second election , so who knows , but if the psoe is finally abstaining , i assume they 'll try to drag this out and let rajoy lose a few votes so the situation looks even more entrenched and their reluctant support becomes more palatable . 
  or we can even see some rogue socialists voting against the party 's guidelines . 
  honestly , i think they do n't even know what they want to do . 
  at least in spain , there 's always going to be people making money when there 's a fire , especially when wildfire protection services are privatized . 
  in many remote areas , forest management and fire squads are one of the main sources of employment . 
  it does n't have to be a big conspiracy , sometimes it 's just a worker that wants to ensure his patrol is n't defunded or something . 
  there used to be a lot wildfires related to real state schemes too . 
  that and all sorts of accidents and crazy people , e.g. 
  : * `` so you wo n't let me shoot the wolves ? 
  then i 'll set the forest on fire ! '' . 
  kind of funny this is happening in st. petersburg considering you can find a lot of similar sculptures at the hermitage museum . 
  some beach towns have started banning this , though . 
  a very significant portion of those who are in favor of independence are n't really traditional nationalists with a strong emotional investment in independence . 
  they think catalonia would be economically better off if it was an independent nation , but they do n't necessarily have an `` ethnic '' / historical vision of catalonia as the ancestral home of the catalan people and culture , that needs to seek independence no matter what .
