  i did n't want to use the example of luxemburg to make a direct comparison , it was more an answer to the previous post that pointed out the high poverty rate in both luxembourg in romania . 
  i only meant to say that this poverty rate was relative to each country 's wealth , but i 'm aware that luxemburg is a special case . 
  the flairs have to be grouped , or else eta wins . 
  it 's in the constitution or something . 
  oh , i agree . 
  see my answer . 
  well , the median income in luxembourg is more than 7 times higher than in romania according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) , so i guess you have point . 
  the poverty threshold in europe is more about wealth distribution than about actual living conditions . 
  there are countless factors to take into account , from the cost of living to the coverage of the welfare state . 
  for instance , earning 60 % of the median income is not the same in a country that provides housing to pretty much everyone that needs it than in one where there are no public housing resources . 
  have you read the link provided by / u/dngrs ? 
   the poverty threshold used is 60 per cent of the national median equivalised disposable income . 
  this is the most commonly used threshold in official uk and eu statistics . 
  the chart is the result of a research study and they have used the same standard to determine the poverty threshold of all the countries . 
  sure , comparisons between different countries are never perfect , but come one , it 's far from useless . 
  although i 'm late to the party , i 'd like to chime in . 
  it is very easy to remember the comments and opinions that you find most obnoxious or `` wrong '' ( in the sense that you strongly disagree ) . 
  that 's why some people say / r/europe is pro-immigration while other think it 's full of nazi xenophobes . 
  there are all kinds of opinions . 
  sure , in some threads the general tone might be different than in others , depending on the people that is connected and paying attention to them . 
  regarding greece , there have been many people expressing possitive opinions about the country and/or the government , and also a wide array of more neutral opinions that recognize that this is a conflictive and difficult situation with no winners . 
  there is people as well who think the debt is unsustainable and the current scheme must stop , but dislike the attitude of varoufakis and tsipras . 
  also , you have to take into account the situation . 
  this clusterfuck is going to encourage negative opinions . 
  if you consider the immigration analogy , particularly bad news and crisis usually produce more negative threads full of ironic posts making fun of the `` liberal gay swedish '' or whatever . 
  it 's easier and faster to write an emotionally charged and instinctive short post ( i want my money back ) , than a long a elaborate write-up that takes into account the nuances and conflicts of the situation . 
  this is not to say that there are n't long and detailed posts presenting hostile or highly critical opinions , but they tend to be more nuanced and , let 's be honest , this is a very shitty situation . 
  but it 's way easier for someone to just write a two line post saying `` fuck off greece '' . 
  i would advise you to ignore one liners and consider well-crafted criticism , even if it is emotionally charged , because there is always a little bit to learn . 
  the emotions are temporary and would probably wear off as quickly as they came . 
  and i want to reiterate that there are very diverse opinions in all the sides of the spectrum between `` tsipras is the new messiah '' and `` fuck off greece '' . 
  many spaniards , me included , called out the government when they said we were n't bailed out when we received 40 billion euro to bail out the banking system , and this was just a `` very advantageous loan '' , that 's why i said `` technically '' . 
  but we are paying back , and as i said , we are even making early payments and the situation seems pefectly sustainable at the moment . 
  i 'm not here to defend the government or deny the fact that we also royally fucked up , but when you read what some people say , it seems some people think that spain or portugal are in the exact same situation as greece , when i think that 's not true . 
  i 'm getting tired of people lumping all these countries together as if they were in the exact same situation . 
  sure , there are some shared problems and cultural values , but people should understand that these are different countries with different specific situations . 
  spain as a nation was technically never bailed out . 
  in 2008 we bailed out a few banks and credit unions and nationalized three , and in 2011 the government asked for a loan to the eu to bail out the banking system , because the rules did n't allow for a direct bail-out . 
  whether you consider this a national bail-out or not , it 's subjective , and even people in spain have different opinions , but we never asked for money to pay the national debt or our pensions . 
  and we are meeting the payments perfectly fine , and during the last two years we are even making early payments . 
  podemos ( the famous anti-austerity party ) has absolutely no chance to govern without partners , and right now it does n't even look like they would be the senior partner in that coalition , so i do n't forsee anything too crazy regarding the debt in the next few years . 
  our problem is the unemployment , but our macroeconomic numbers are pretty good for a country with a 22 % unemployment . 
  austerity vs development is still a valid debate in spain , but just do n't lump all these countries together, 
  where do you send them if you do n't ask them anything ? 
  i would imagine this is probably only enforced when someone is trying to make money off that `` copyright '' in advertising , movies , books , etc. 
  i think that if someone says that gays choose to be gay , which they do n't , you can call them out . 
  being gay is disadvantegous to some extent in 95 % of the world , and pretty dangerous in many countries . 
  but i would say the same if someone said that pedophiles choose that life ( who would do that ? 
  it 's a miserable life ) . 
  however , it 's true that whether you choose that or not is irrelevant to some extent when it comes to the morality of it , and we should examine the consequences of the actions , whether they hurt someone or not , etc. 
   seriously , be careful with your statements , they 're not helping . 
  i 'm just a person giving an opinion on the internet , i do n't know what position of resposibility or influence you think i have , that i should be careful with my statements . 
  i may be completely wrong , but i think that if my statements are n't directly hurting anyone , they still help because we can have a conversation and you can explain to me why i 'm wrong . 
  the people that say those things are speaking mostly to people that already have strong homophobic prejudices . 
  if we were trying to use some logic here , then they should explain why someone would choose to be gay in iran or uganda . 
  surrogacy is actually banned in many european countries and a few us states , and unregulated in many parts of the world . 
  there is a [ map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surrogacy ) on the wikipedia article . 
  at least in spain , it 's a little bit of a taboo subject , i do n't think it 's openly discussed . 
  surrogacy contracts are illegal here , but surrogacy children born abroad are recognized , so there are 100 % legal surrogacy agencies that cater to rich people that can afford to go to the us or some other country to do it . 
  i 'm not sure about the reasons but i guess they 're more likely ethical reasons . 
  in a certain way , surrogacy poses similar ethical issues to those of prostitution . 
  in theory is an agreement between adults but in practice , some people are concerned about to what extent are surrogate mothers coerced or exploited . 
  i think there is also a perception of imbalance between the rich couple and some poor homeless girl that is forced to sell her womb to survive . 
  many people do n't feel confortable with the idea of enforcing a surrogacy contract when the surrogate mother gets cold feet . 
  and finally , i guess there is also some old family values/religious element for some people . 
  but at the end of the day it 's mostly not on the public debate here , and it 's probably the same in other countries . 
  if there were political will , it would n't be difficult to legalize altrusitic surrogacy here . 
  not really , we 're not that bad . 
  no matter what you hear about podemos , they try to play by the rules and avoid any kind of controversy ( that 's why they are getting more and more `` moderate '' by the day ) . 
  it 's more about the myriad of social activist groups that came before podemos . 
  as others have explained , this is a reactionary measure , in the sense that it is an narrowly tailored answer to very specific actions . 
  many of the proposed measures are pretty much the result of the discontent of conservatives because certain protests and actions were n't illegal or were just punished with a small fine . 
  the worst part is that judges dismissed most of the cases that the prosecutors were bringing to them , so , in a certain way , this law is an attempt to force judges to be more severe . 
  well , i was referring to the flag , but you are right in your previous comment , that podemos have publicly affiliated themselves with syriza and it 's definitely not the most useful idea from a strategic point of view . 
  i completely agree with you , although i 'm not sure why you answered my post . 
  when i said giggster may or may not be a propaganda account , my point was that it does n't really matter who he is , and attacking him does n't say anything about the content or the arguments ( in other words , i agree that an * ad hominem * does n't add anything to the discussion ) . 
  the thing is that those platforms are pretty much independent and you ca n't say they are under control of iglesias and podemos . 
  this is n't part of a bigger national strategy . 
  this is just like those mayors that fly a republican flag on april 14th , spanish leftists love their symbols . 
  and you have to create and account just to say that ? 
  it makes you look like another propaganda account , to be honest . 
  giggster may be a propaganda account , or maybe a person obsessed with the issue . 
  if you have any criticism about the article , you will definitely get more attention writing your opinions and counter-arguments than attacking the poster . 
   you know he aint gay ? 
  i do n't have a way to know . 
  maybe you do ( that would be a hell of a story by the way ) . 
  that being said , i do n't think nobody in the west is judging putin based on his sexual preferences . 
  besides , being gay is not a bad thing in many decadent western countries and we even have openly gay politicians . 
  it 's complicated . 
  take into account that we had a dictatorship until 1975 . 
  the transition to democracy was a very complex and delicate process and it was founded on an agreement between the former elites and the opposition by which neither really won and everyone had to make concessions . 
  the army and the police were left mostly untouched . 
  it is not a surprise that the interior ministry was the core of the government 's corruption and the [ dirty war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grupos_antiterroristas_de_liberaci%c3%b3n ) throughout the 80s . 
  add to that the fact that eta terrorism did n't stop with the arrival of democracy , but actually increased , and became the cause of friction between the military and spain 's young democratic institutions . 
  the police and guardia civil were the main targets of eta terrorists , which solidified their status of victims and defenders of the state even among leftists . 
  there is also a certain authoritarism among conservative group that justifies all the actions of the police , and considers that if an officer gives you a few punches , you probably deserved it . 
  considering all this , there has never been an incentive for spanish governments to deal with these issues , and even the mainstream left ( the socialists ) does n't care . 
  don quixote was obvious , but i wonder who would have been the next one . 
  inigo montoya perhaps ? 
  don juan ?
