  however , after a long struggle , the captain decided to tell his king about the hidden passage . 
  a group of knights used the passage to infiltrate the palace and capture the * qaid * , who surrender the city without battle . 
  when the * qaid * found about his daughter 's treason , he killed her himself and cursed her soul , so she would never go to the paradise until the city becomes muslim again . 
  he also condemned her to appear every year , during the anniversary of the conquest , in the form of the most coward animal , the hen , so that nobody forgets her treason . 
  when the captain found the body of the princess and learned about the curse , he vowed to look for the hen every year . 
  as it usually happens in legends , the captain had curse-rewriting powers , so if the hen is found , the curse will be broken and the person who found her will have great fortune . 
  every year during the st george festival ( the anniversary of the conquest ) , the city hall hides a golden hen in some part of the old town , and whoever finds it receives a small prize . 
  there are a lot of reconquista legends in spain , including some badass virgin mary appearing in the sky and creating a rain of arrows to help with the fight . 
  it 's not really something for hot food lovers . 
  it depends on the place , sometimes it 's just ketchup with a little bit of tabasco , sometimes it 's a tomato sauce with some cayenne , but that 's about it . 
  there is nothing really spicy in traditional spanish food and most spaniards do n't like spicy food . 
  when you never eat that stuff , it 's really unconfortable and you really ca n't enjoy the food , so even foreign cuisine restaurants usually have very mild recipes ( although usually you can order something spicier or ask them to cook it differently ) . 
  i always feel pretty bad about these girls . 
  when they talk about young girls joining isis , i wonder if they are that naive , or if they really know what they are getting themselves into and what `` tasks '' they will be expected to perform . 
  a few months ago they arrested a middle-aged woman in spain accused of recruiting teenage girls for isis and i find it revolting . 
  how can anyone send a young girl to that fate ? 
  depending on what you mean by imperialist . 
  i do n't really think spain wants to build an empire or expand its authority over other territories in that sense . 
  you guys kept playing that game for much longer . 
  if you mean that spain clings to these territories and rocks , you are correct , but by that definition most countries are imperialist , as nobody wants to give up that stuff . 
  it 's not like we have a guyana or some archipielago in the pacific . 
  for the record , i think that certain politicians ' obsession with these things is stupid and an attempt to distract the public , but i would n't call it imperialist . 
  in spain we have salsa brava , which is a hot sauce . 
  it can really be anything depending on the bar , and its purpose is that you buy more beer . 
  but fries + dip is not the most traditional thing in many european countries and even where it is , this is europe : there is generally 1 or 2 right ways of doing things . 
  in many places there is no market for too many flavors of soda , cereal , chips/crisps , etc. 
  some beers are not that bad if you consider that what they are going for is a cheap and fresh lager that you can drink for hours while you eat and talk with your friends , without getting too drunk . 
  i 'm a great fan of imported beer from belgium , germany , etc. 
  but drinking those is a completely different experience . 
  besides , when my grandparents and everyone else drank so much wine , wine was relatively shitty . 
  it was just something to get your cheecks rosy and cheer up a little bit after another misserable day of working-class existence . 
  i do n't know . 
  a lot of people decide to change their lifestlye when the get closer to 30 , and stop drinking , hit the gym and all that . 
  i have never drank a 0,0 beer ( there are many brands ) , and the people i know do n't really drink non-alcoholic beer , maybe some older guy when they are driving . 
  i guess science has come a long way and produced decent non-alcoholic beers , but when i started drinking beer , they were very shitty . 
  well , it is a savage thing . 
  as i said in another post , this is not about making a fine-tasting beverage to enjoy in a nice dinner . 
  this is something that 15-year-olds came up with to get drunk with a 0,70 $ carton of something that should n't be called wine . 
  i do n't like it . 
  i do n't really like mixing wine with anything . 
  this is something that teenagers came up with to get drunk with very little money . 
  you get a carton of undrinkable shit that only homeless people drink , and mix it up with coke to mask the horrible flavor of all that cheap alcohol that you need to do embarrass yourself . 
  the alcohol culture has changed a lot . 
  my grandparents ' generation was an avid wine consumer . 
  people drank at lunch and dinner , and maybe another glass or two at the bar before going home with the wife and the kids . 
  my parents ' generation still drinks some wine , perhaps a couple of times a week ( some people more , some less ) , when they go to the bar , in the sunday family lunch , etc. 
  my generation and younger ( i 'm not 30 yet ) do n't drink that much wine . 
  teenagers and university students sometime stuff like * calimocho/kalimotxo * ( wine + coke ) , * tinto de verano * ( wine + * gaseosa * ) or * sangr\u00eda * ( wine + all kinds of shit and a little bit of that too ) , but beer is the most popular drink . 
  we drink wine on very special occasions or with family , and even then , a lot of young people simply do n't like wine . 
  we do n't know you that well , so a lot of people do n't take you into account . 
  if you live a little bit far awat from the border , you are more likely to have visited italy and interacted with italian people ( i 've met quite a few in madrid ) , than portugal/portuguese people . 
  we have been more exposed to italian culture ( for centuries ) and italian is easier to understand than portuguese . 
  there is also something about portugal , that makes it seem more quite and reserved than spain . 
  oh completely sure , i know every secret and fact about our armed forces in case you have n't notice . 
  i do n't go on the internet posting silly stuff . 
  nah , our [ scary former-arms-industry-executive minister ] ( https://i.imgur.com/05cjby9.jpg ) likes bigger toys . 
  well , even though the government spends most of its budget on social spending and debt , we still have some defense spending ( $ 5,653 million in 2015 , around 1,6 % of the budget , and the budget does n't include debt repayment ) . 
  that being said , we should always question and analyze these big purchases , especially when we are talking about these expensive toys . 
  our minister of defense is a arms industry guy and it wo n't be the first time that certain purchases raise ( limited ) controversy . 
  as others have said , spain has a huge coastline and is one of the biggest sea borders . 
  wikipedia has a [ small list ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:d%c3%b3lmenes_de_espa%c3%b1a ) of megalites in spain , and there are a bunch in portugal , including the 7-meter tall [ menhir da meada ] ( http://www.themodernantiquarian.com/img_fullsize/92277.jpg ) . 
  there are definitely a few extant structures from around 3000 bc , although i believe these structures are n't easy to date . 
  in the case of spain , they build full cars . 
  it 's the biggest industry and we have plants of seat , vw , renault , peugeout , ford , opel ( gm ) , citr\u00f6en , nissan and mercedes-benz ( i believe they only make vans here ) , as well as some truck factories . 
  i often hear that we are the first european producer of industrial vehicles . 
  i guess that when you grow up surrounded by them , all those gorgeous ladies ( and men , if that 's your cup of tea ) do n't seem that extraordinary . 
  tradition is not a good enough reason to keep a culture fossilized , cultures change . 
   why would 600-800 make difference ? 
  it does n't matter the number , but the moral views of the people . 
  you would n't support a child-sacrifice traditions even if it only were 20-30 children . 
  it 's an extreme example , but my point is that it 's not the number what matters here , but the moral views . 
  in the last few decades there are less and less people interested in bullfighting traditions and there is very few people really excited or passionate about it , especially people under the age of 50 . 
  there was a small but very vocal minority that was against bullfighting for moral reasons , as they view it as animal torture . 
  to be honest , it can be a very gruesome spectacle for modern urban audiences , due to the slow and methodic way they break and tire out the bull while it bleeds out . 
  this minority is becoming bigger and bigger , as the newer generations grow up with an entirely different view on how animals should be treated , and the calls for referendums and bans will only become more frequent . 
  and then there is a majority of people that are indiferent , most of them do n't like it or even dislike it , but not to the point of campaigning against it . 
  however , bullfighting rings and spectacles are heavily subsidized in spain and many bullrings subsist on public money . 
  in other words , there is not enough interest and the majority is subsidizing something that only a minority enjoys . 
  if we 're honest , we have to admit that there are many cultural activities that are subsidized even when they are not appealing to the majority , but the fact still is that bullrings are often half-empty or empty in many parts of spain . 
  the indifferents used to see bullfigthing as something very spanish and touristic , so they did n't oppose it , but now they are starting to see it as a waste of money and something that makes us look barbaric in 21st century europe . 
  consequently , there is more and more consensus that bullfighting should not be subsidised , which is what most of the cities mentioned in the article are going to do . 
  however , as i said , there is more and more people that find it disgusting or unsettling and i think that the debate about bans and referendums will become more frequent in the next decade . 
  people is much more passionate about the local traditions in small towns though . 
  there are hundreds of towns and villages that celebrate the running of the bulls during their summer festivals and this tradition is more likely to last as they do n't have to kill the bulls . 
  i mean , the bulls are usually killed in a bullfight in the evening , but many places have stopped the bullfights and kept the running of the bulls . 
  a mediterranean country ca n't compete with a semi-nordic country . 
  the only thing that we have going for us is all this sun and nice weather . 
  that , and 3500km of land between us and russia . 
  to be honest , i think getting involved in the media circus is only worth it when it 's something that is all over the news and the talk shows , e.g. 
  : the tourism tax . 
  i 'd rather not see the city hall getting into catfights with the press . 
  in other words , i think it 's more important to make sure people get the truth ( or their version of the truth ) than trying to call some journalist or news organization a liar or something . 
  that can go very bad very quickly . 
  the fuss around `` version original '' is just stupid . 
  i think it 's a good idea that they stopped pointing fingers to the news articles they were rebuting , but whatever criticism you might have about the site , it pales in comparison to the disgusting use of public tv , and at least it 's just a wordpless template that did n't cost hundreds of thousands of euros . 
  no `` siesta '' , `` lazy '' or anything like that ? 
  i 'll take `` desert '' as a win . 
  if you are talking about spain , you are forgetting felipe gonz\u00e1lez . 
  he won 4 elections ( 1982 , 1986 , 1989 , 1993 ) and ran for a fifth term in 1996 , when he was finally defeated by aznar . 
  both aznar and zapatero never ran for a third term , but there is no term limit .
