  i 've always found it very sad how little people here care about prisoners ' rights and about making sure the police officers have rules and follow them . 
  for some people , the mere suggestion that officers should be held responsible for their actions is like declaring your love for terrorists and criminals . 
  have you ever seen any of those pro-police facebook groups ? 
  that shit is scary . 
  yes , they definitely do . 
  and not only in exotic foreign lands , but also in europe . 
  in spain it 's not so common anymore , but there are some traditional recipes involving goat meat . 
  my grandma used to cook * cabrito * ( baby goat ) for christmas eve . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i also think that people have the right to celebrate and party every now and them . 
  people dress up and do stupid things when they are drunk . 
  you only have to go to a university festival or to any popular destination in the spanish coast to see more outrageous stuff . 
  nobody is concerned about whether a bachelorette party in salou is counterproductive or if someone finds it repulsive . 
  i think it 's irrelevant to some extent . 
  the people that find that parade repulsive find two men kissing or holding hands repulsive too . 
  if we tone it down and accommodate their feelings , they complain about something else and people will wonder if holding hands is counterproductive . 
  you are right in that what is changing people 's minds is all the openly gay people that there is now . 
  but i think that just as your super responsible sister has the right to get a little bit crazy in that one party , you gay friend that works in a law firm also has the right to make a fool of himself in the pride parade . 
  i think that 's a very common sentiment among younger gay people in the western world . 
   anyway , i think as homosexuality becomes more nomalised around the world gay pride parades will tone down and eventually fade away . 
  i guess so . 
  you understand these parades much better when you read personal accounts of gay people growing up not too long ago . 
  life could be very miserable when you were constantly trying to control each and every of your movements , your mannerisms , your clothes , your hair , your language , your tone , etc , so that you never gave away the fact you are gay . 
  add to that most gay people were afraid to display their sexuality like straight people could do . 
  i 'm talking about very simple stuff like commenting on the hot new girl . 
  the pride parades were an opportunity to get all that out of your system and relax for a day . 
  after 364 days of being paranoid about whether or not your glasses are too gay , some people wanted to say , fuck it , i 'm wearing a thong and little angel wings today . 
  this will probably fade away , and many people already foresee the end of `` gay culture '' , but i think that young gay kids should be more aware of recent history and understand the origin of these parades . 
  man , i miss madrid right now . 
  the pride celebrations are the biggest festival of the year and always fun . 
  i honestly do n't now if the greek government is doing the best thing , but i think that the reaction of stock markets does n't necessarily have to be an indicator of whether a policy is good for a country or not , especially when we consider that a policy can be painful in the short term but beneficial in the long term . 
  for instance , stock markets have no problem with brutal dictators that torture their people as long as the conditions for business are good , and when those dictators are overturned , the stock markets plunge . 
  i 'm aware that you did n't say we should base or policies on pleasing the markets , and that you probably would say that the impact on the stock markets is completely worth it in that case . 
  so , is it worth it ? 
  i think nobody knows the answer yet . 
  many people believe that the situation in greece was completely unsustainable , and continuing the same policies was `` kicking the can down the road '' . 
  if that 's the case , then greece 's crash was bound to happen sooner or later , and prolonging the situation would only make greeks suffer more and cost more money to the other european countries in the long run . 
  at the end of the day it all boils down to whether you believe that greece could manage to get out of this debt crisis just by borrowing more money and incresing the austerity measures . 
  is it tits ? 
  * [ clicks ] * yep , it is tits . 
  even if they were exactly the same , do you think most of people would be fine with restricting marriage to a category they do n't belong to ? 
  let 's say people without university education ca n't get married , but they can totally get into a `` civil partnership for people without university degree '' that has the same rights ? 
  it seems arbritrary to me if they are indeed the same thing . 
  not only that . 
  we could very well come up with a different and longer name for gay presidents , female students or minority members of the parliament , with the exact same rights . 
  but why would somebody do such a thing ? 
  at the end of the day it 's just the `` separate but equal '' logic . 
  there is a very famous hard-rock band from that area calle extremoduro . 
  they have a very metall-ish and transgressive spirit , but the music is n't really metal . 
  i do n't like bullfigthing or any of the traditions involving bulls ( they do n't kill or abuse the bulls in all of them ) , but these guys were just spectators in an event were they just run the bulls . 
  they did n't really `` live by the sword '' . 
  yep , it happen every year . 
  take into account that they run the bulls in the streets of hundreds of towns all over spain , so there are always 5-6 dead people every summer . 
  i think it 's a great social conquest and you guys should be really proud of it . 
  i got to leave my house when i was 18 to study in a bigger city , and even when i still needed some help from my parents to suplement my scholarship , moving out and living on my own was a great way to mature and learn some tough lessons . 
  but sadly things are considerably more difficult now than in 2004 ... 
  imo , this is one of the biggest cultural differences in europe . 
  most people here would be horrified to hear something like that . 
  if i 'm honest , spanish society view the 18-22 period as additional teenage years , and very few people have the maturity to live on their own . 
  it sounds bad , but at the same time the strength of family ties is what kept spaniards from rioting and burning the streets in 2011 . 
  that being said , most of people over the age of 23-25 that still live with their parents do it out of necessity due to the low wages , high unemployent and almost inexistent young people 's housing policies . 
  he can use both hands . 
   i was wrong huh , in portugal however i 've never heard of this . 
  you are not completely wrong . 
  celebrating the name day has become very rare , and most people under the age of 40 do n't know what day their name day is , unless it 's a big national or regional holiday ( with potential long weekends ) . 
  for instance , october 12 is the national day of spain . 
  it commemorates the landing of columbus in america ( it 's a holiday in other countries too ) , but it 's also the * virgen del pilar * day ( or simply `` el pilar '' ) and people usually greet the women with that name ( pilar ) . 
  but you could move to spain and live here for many years without ever hearing about anyone acknowledging their name day . 
  indeed . 
  most people have no clue what day it is unless it 's one of those big national holdays . 
  that was an amazing story . 
  my grandfather did some smuggling . 
  he had a relative in the guardia civil who tipped him off when it was better to stay home . 
  what i found interesting is that he always was a very catholic and law-abidding person , he never was a rebelious person , but he said that you had to do what you had to do to feed the children . 
  coffee was the big thing , although they also smuggled tobacco and a some `` luxury '' items like pantyhose . 
  people in extremadura still drink and buy a lot of portuguese coffee . 
  it has such a unique feel , a perfect balance between modernity and decadence , i love lisbon . 
   if they live near the board with portugal the conversation will start with : `` one day i bought a portuguese towel ... '' can confirm , grew up near the border . 
  any smuggler stories from the older folks ? 
  because in the raia everyone had an uncle or a neighbor that did some smuggling . 
  you are also spot on about the language imbalance . 
  it 's a shame , and i feel a little bit guilty when i speak spanish with portuguese people . 
  in the bordering regions they have promoted portuguese as the second foreign language in high school , and it 's becoming popular among those who want to work in commerce and tourism , but it 's nowhere as known as spanish in portugal . 
  they are indeed annoying , but i like the video for its very important message : do n't even try . 
  i found [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9q7vjlvu8ec ) is particularly enlightening . 
  you guys are funny with your place names . 
  nobody expected spain to make amends for something that happened 520 years ago , it 's just a pr move . 
  spain has sometimes been depicted as particularly anti-semitic because of the inquisition and whatnot . 
  the vast majority of sephardi jews , around 80-90 % , live in israel , the us and france ( mostly in israel ) , so we 're not talking about millions of starving people in some war-stricken hellhole that will take advantage of an eu citizenship to `` invade '' northern europe . 
  besides , many sephardi jews ca n't really prove that origin and the whole process is n't completely clear , so this is definitely just pr . 
  what irks me the most is that traditional marriage was never about love , mutual respect , sharing a life project and all that . 
  it pisses me off when all this pro-family activists come talking about some idealized version of marriage when it used to be about children , property and social order . 
  sure , many people got love and respect too . 
  my grandfather was a good man , but you know what ? 
  the next door neighbor was n't , and his wife had to put up with a lot , and even take care of a piece of shit that did n't deserve it when he was old and sick . 
  and the church and all those who care so much about family values did n't give a shit . 
  there 's always going to be people that do n't like it when big social changes are made . 
  spain 's gay marriage law is 10 years this july and nobody really questions it anymore . 
  however , back when it was being discussed and approved , the conservatives rallied behind certain family groups and the catholic church and staged a few demostrations . 
  the same happened in france , where protests were bigger . 
  if you think about it , if nobody protests gay marriage , that means the acceptance is so high that it should have happened earlier .
