  there are a lot of unfair opinions about catalonia in spain , just like there are a lot of unfair opinions about other parts of spain in catalonia . 
  fostering division was beneficial for politicians on both sides . 
   i 'm sure there 's also the matter of population ; i 'd find it hard to believe that catalonia has an extremely disproportionate political power compared to other places in spain . 
  i do n't know if i 'd call it disproportionate , but nationalist parties certainly benefit the most from the current voting system . 
  they need the less votes to get a parliament seat ( smaller national parties need twice and three times as many votes to get a seat ) . 
  we could check the numbers of 2011 , but you sound like you are familiar with spain . 
  it 's also important to remember 1996 and how the popular party put an end to 14 years of socialist governments with the support of basque and catalan ( conservative ) nationalists . 
  and catalonia 's complex political landscape has always been very important in general elections , especially for the socialist party . 
  huge portions of the country are what americans would call `` red states '' and `` blue states '' , while catalonia is more of a `` swing state '' . 
  it 's mind-blowing that you can make an high-resolution scan in spain , send it to australia , get a titanium implant 3d-printed and send it back to spain for surgery . 
  as other have said , catalonia as a whole does n't want to be independent . 
  and 20 years ago independence seemed an impossible dream . 
  why do some catalans ( a very significant portion for sure ) want independence ? 
  different people have different answers . 
  i 'm not catalan , so i do n't feel qualified to answer , but please keep in mind that the answers that you may get represent what some people believe . 
  some arguments are more emotional and some are more pragmatic . 
  well , barcelona 's new leftist major did n't endorse or attend the rally , as she considered it was an electoral rally supporting certain political options for the upcoming election . 
  even though they are not hostile to a referendum ( and she took part in previous marches before she was in politics ) , they do n't seem to be especially invested in inflating the numbers . 
  i was talking more about how some people view their victimism and whining as underserved and hypocritical , as they believe catalans have nothing to complain about , but quite the opposite . 
  it 's more of , we have it so difficult here and you want to complain ? 
  you are so privileged but ca n't stop talking about how oppressed you are . 
  to them , letting them leave is giving in to their whining and their ( perceived ) dishonest arguments . 
  there is also the idea that they have enjoyed their benefits and rights and now they do n't want the resposibilites that come with that . 
  but there are also a few that say , let the fuckers go , let them leave and sink and slam the door in their face when they come back asking for help . 
  it all sounds so bitter , but please , take into consideration that the majority of people do n't give a crap or they are against independence but are not bitter assholes about it . 
  as i said , most of people in many countries would oppose the secession of part of their nation period . 
  certainly , advanced modern nations seem more open to discuss these issues , although i am under the impression that some referendums were a clever way to `` nip it in the bud '' , but i digress . 
  i think that a lot of people 's political views are based mostly on emotion . 
  people is also very influenced by what they hear growing up . 
  in some parts of spain , catalan nationalism is viewed as a perverse empty ideology created by the catalan elite to get political power and a privileged position to extort the central government . 
  there is some truth in that regional nationalists benefit greatly from the current voting system , and the frequent position of nationalists as `` kingmakers '' ( securing government coalitions ) has given them a lot of bargaining power during the last few decades . 
  so a lot of people are under the impression that the current system has worked in favor of catalonia and everyone is trying to appease catalonia , while their particular city or region seems to be ignored . 
  catalonia is seen as the rich kid that benefited from centuries of protectionism and support from the central government and now they do n't want to share ( all this is highly debatable , of course , please * estelada * people , do n't kill me ) . 
  then these people see catalan nationalists of tv or meet a particular stubborn nationalist on their summer vacation ... and some of them can sound quite whiny and victimist , to be honest . 
  so for many people , catalan nationalism is the highly privileged kid that gets upset because his dad bought him a mercedes and he wanted a bmw . 
  of course , some politicians have exploited and encouraged these emotions , especially in regional politics as none of your voters are catalan . 
  then , there are people with all kinds of arguments . 
  some people contest the arguments of catalan nationalists , so their position is more of rejection of nationalist claims , especially regarding economy and interpretations of history . 
  i love history , but discussing history in political debate is stupid and fruitless . 
  some people get offended by the shit that some nationalist politicians say ( like the other politicians that i mentioned before , you can be a little bit unfair with people if you do n't need their vote ) . 
  some people give economic arguments and say that the independence of catalonia will weaken both countries . 
  some people buy into the legalistic arguments of the spanish government . 
  some people claim that independence will rob spanish and eu citizens of their spanish and eu citizenship , effectively taking away some of their rights . 
  some people are spanish nationalists and seem to care a lot about territorial inegrity . 
  some people believe that a subset of the population does n't have the right to steal part of the national territory from the rest of the spanish people and all spanish citizens , catalans and non-catalans , have the same rights over this territory . 
  of course , some people are simply bigots that get all worked up and angry when they discuss this issue . 
  there are almost 40 million spaniards outside of catalonia , so there are many different opinions . 
  some people do n't care . 
  some people think they should hold a referendum . 
  a lot of people strongly oppose for the same reasons that many citizens of other countries would oppose the secession of part of their territory . 
  from the perspective of the bigger parties , there is zero political incentive to make things easier , because those who oppose catalan nationalism feel very strongly about it , while those who are more neutral or supportive do n't care that much . 
  i believe that catalonia is distinct enough to have the right to vote about this matter , but it 's very sad to see how the short-sightedness of politicians has led to a stupid stalemate . 
  regardless of your political opinions , the details of the siege of barcelona are fucking badass , especially the last combats . 
  i 'm amazed by the lengths those people were willing to go in order to defend their freedoms , even when it was clear that victory was impossible . 
  sadly , the wikipedia english articles on the issue are not very detailed . 
   i 'm there !, 
  we did n't expect anything less from you . 
  / r/europe would be sorely disappointed if you had n't gone . 
   have fun . 
  even though september 11th is the catalan national day and the official regional holiday of catalonia , the celebrations have always had nationalist undertones , and during the last few years they have become outright pro-independence rallies . 
  this rally in particular is a pro-independence rally . 
  you can check [ their website ] ( https://via.assemblea.cat/en/ ) , which includes faqs . 
  man , the media sure loves the meme of the liberal pope . 
  i 'm so torn about podemos . 
  some of their leaders seem so crazy , or at least too ideology-driven . 
  i wish they did like * ahora madrid * and find someone less dogmatic and more chill to balance out the more `` enthusiastic '' people . 
  they sound more pragmatic and level-headed than podemos . 
  to be honest , i 'm finding it difficult to choose . 
  i 'm a social-democrat but i feel betrayed by the psoe and i 'm not sure i 'll ever vote them again . 
  i believe in a social safety net and in good public services including good education and healthcare , but i also think that the public sector needs serious evaluation and reform , the bureacracy could be reduced in many areas and , generally speaking , the current system needs overhauling . 
  i hate voting for the option that i dislike the less ... 
  it 's not like they have their own military or some kind of militant group . 
  besides , the independentist forces are political and never supported or talked about any kind of violence . 
  seriously , it would be very easy for the government to simply send the police to the houses of whoever they want to charge . 
  there might be political consequences and demonstrations , who knows , but the military is completely out the discussion right now . 
  if i 'm honest , this is completely uncharted territory , nobody knows how far the catalan government is willing to go , but they can keep like this for years , exhausting all the different political and judicial paths . 
  we 'll have to wait and see the election results first . 
  in spanish law , treason is more about wartime ( helping the enemy , etc ) . 
  sedition is included in the spanish penal code , although a quick google search makes it look like a full-blown revolution or something like that . 
  i do n't think it will ever come to that anyway . 
  it 's much easier to charge them with something like perverting the course of justice , mismanagement and stuff like that . 
  the nuclear option would be the suspension of the catalan regional government . 
  you should take into account that , in this kind of threads , the most active users are usually those with very strong opinions in favor or againt independence . 
  those who do n't give a shit do n't comment that much if at all . 
  there are also a lot of cultural factors coming into play . 
  whenever i see those lists of european cities ranked by quality of life , i ca n't help but think about all the subjective little things that are impossible to measure and compare with hard data like gdp per capita . 
  for instance , i know a few older spanish guys that were relocated to stockholm by their company after having lived their whole lives in spain and they are miserable now , even when sweden has better quality of life by most objective standards . 
  on the other hand , many spaniards can take a certain level of noise , chaos or filth that in other countries might be unacceptable . 
  if you think about it , they have only said that women who have aborted can now enjoy the same privilege as other sinners , like child rapists and mass murderers . 
  i 'm not an expert on canonical law , but i googled the specifics . 
  apparently , the only sins that could only be absolved by a bishop were abortion ( not anymore ) , heresy , apostasy and other actions against the church like assaulting a bishop or impersonating a priest . 
  it was a disgusting message , to be honest . 
  i guess it 's still good news and maybe this is the beginning of a trend of decreasing obsession with abortion . 
  i was just trying to make a bad joke about the architects destroying monuments . 
  would you ? 
  they would put them to work on historical sites under isis control . 
  millions of people speak catalan as their mother tongue in spain , and it 's definitely used in all kinds of conversations . 
  i can imagine it must be much easier for a romanian doctor to immigrate and practice in a eu country . 
  some people say the sub is full of racists . 
  some people say it 's full of pansy liberals and communists .
