  well , i was wondering about afd because we experience quite a similar phenomenon in spain : any alternative party that is not nationalist , ecologist or anti-system , will be highly frowned upon . 
  sometimes it feels like left-wing third parties would do anything to keep their niche of discontent voters . 
  they are particularly ruthless with parties that gravitate towards center or center-left positions . 
  this is not to say that this kind of parties have no flaw : they frequently embrace populist positions or revolve too much around a certain leader , but still , too much hate out there . 
  i was curious because these friends are very open people and totally pro-eu while being anti-euro and the most `` extremist '' may be against gay adoption ( not against gay marriage ) . 
  it really looks like afd is a big mad-house . 
  i have some german friends and they discuss afd a lot on facebook . 
  some of them seem to support this new party and hope that it will grow to reach the 5 % hurdle by september . 
  i understand that they are defined as the anti-euro party . 
  do they have any further ideas about internal economic affairs or social issues ? 
  are they considered conservative ? 
  in other words , do they cater to unsatisfied cdu voters ? 
  should they reach the 5 % mark or get the three mandates , do you see them joining a cdu-led coalition ? 
  it refers to all unreported work . 
  it goes from small `` cash in hand '' jobs and farmer stands by the road , to illegal hair salons and car garages that run all their business without notifying to the authorities or paying any taxes , benefits or insurance . 
  the trick is not to work completely outside the system , but just to report a certain ( relatively big ) percentage of your operations and cash in a little bit of extra money without attracting the attention of tax authorities . 
  well , to be exact , it is the ruling party ( and some of its members ) and not `` the government '' who is suspected of having done so in the past . 
  i 'm not supporting them or anything , it 's just that you made it sound like the government 's departments and ministeries operate in the underground economy , which is not true . 
  you also have to take into account that spain is in the average because of the inclusion of eastern europe countries which , for a number of reasons , have an even higher portion of informal economy than mediterranean countries . 
  at the end of the day , i think it is more a matter of poverty and survival than about inherent lack of honesty or social values . 
  when you struggle to put food on the table or pay the rent , it is very easy to simply not declare x job and keep that extra ~ ~ 16 % ~ ~ 21 % on your pocket . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s-th1dsu1c ), 
  i ca n't speak for the folks in the beach towns . 
  i only think , thank god we still have those , considering the way we have destroyed our shores and driven away many tourists to less exploited coasts like those of croatia and turkey . 
  really , if it were n't for the conflicts in tunisia and egypt , i could n't think of how many hotels and resorts would have closed down . 
  so luckily we still have the cheap booze and a zillion of golf courses . 
  ** my guess ** would be that they do n't want to be so intimately associated with drugs . 
  amsterdam has been one of the most popular destinations for spanish university and high school students ( absolutely no pun intended ) during the last few years . 
  in spain , every time someone says he 's going to amsterdam or the netherlands , there is a lot of laughter and funny looks . 
  in other words , for many people under 35 : going to amsterdam = attempting to get wasted as fuck and this has happened to me too when discussing trips to the netherlands with americans and other europeans . 
  that 's probably a reputation some politicians ( or voters ) might not like . 
  well , i did n't mean to imply that bullfighting only happens in southern spain . 
  i live in madrid since 8 years . 
  the few young guys that i know that have ever been to san isidro are mostly students i met from my times at the student 's hall ( residencia ) that come from small little towns from la mancha and extremadura . 
  i know my far share of people from those areas ( i come from extremadura myself ) , and even in those areas , bullfighting is far from popular among the youth and would hardly survive without public funding . 
  honestly , i 've only felt a bigger support to bullfighting in some areas of andalucia . 
  they could let bullfighting die a natural death . 
  before the ban took place , bullfighting was pretty much on its deathbed ( in catalonia ) , with lower and lower assistance . 
  except some areas of southern spain , the interest in the so-called national `` fiesta '' is almost non-existant and mostly limited to a few old guys whose children and grandchildren are n't interested anymore . 
  i 'd like to see that end come . 
  i highly doubt it , though . 
  cobra 11 is one of the very few german shows that we catch on spanish tv . 
  as i 'm working on my german right know , i watch it quite often . 
  it gets stupid from time to time , but it 's rather fun . 
  well , bristol ( as well as other locations on the southern english coast ) is a very popular destination for those looking for english courses . 
  it 's the kind of place that you would go to for a 2-3 month stay in order to blow your savings and build up your english . 
  although most of the adult spaniards in the the uk are probably looking for a job on your island , i 'd say they are also putting some money into your economy . 
  yes , it is ridiculous . 
  the article only deals with a few more recent cases . 
  violent officers are rarely convicted or even prosecuted , and those convicted are very often granted pardon . 
  [ these guys ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co8hlf7qsak ) have been pardoned twice . 
  i ca n't grasp the humanitarian reasons behind these decisions . 
  in my opinion , this is a hyperbolic remark , or at least an unfair over-simplification . 
  i would say that a very significant part of pp 's electorate and leadership is made up of those who accepted franco and the heirs of that people . 
  i am not talking about strong supporters and ideological admirers , but about those who did n't care very much about living under franco 's regime , the kind of people that said ( and still say ) : `` you lived very well as long as you did ' t get into politics '' . 
  anyway , the popular party is a big collection of different and sometimes conflicting ideologies , ranging from old francoists , to catholic conservatives and including the so-called `` liberals '' ( as in tea party liberal ) . 
  i would say that the success of the popular party lies on their ability not to compromise and cater to this wide range of ideologies . 
  for example , some of their voters support a big welfare state while some others prefer a smaller reagan-style government . 
  anyway , going back to the franco point , i should say that none of the people that i know that vote ore even belong to the pp are francoists , neither they pursue any fascist or anti-democratic ideal . 
  however , i would say that none of them are the kind of person that would have fought or protested for democracy in franco 's times . 
  although there is a certain lack of democratic culture in spain , i think that calling any conservative francoist is mostly a meme and a mean to avoid debate or trying to consider the opponents ' views . 
  of course many conservatives display this very same attitude . 
  in my opinon , calling names never helps . 
  ** tl ; dr : the pp is the party of the sheep , not the party of the wolves . 
  i was expecting astock photo of a bullfighter . 
  great post . 
  those interested can watch this [ short but very good documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6k5qbt72os ) on the issue . 
  it 's very well known by classical music enthusiasts , as it inspired jean sibelius , the greatest finnish composer ever , to compose several works like the awesome symphonic poem [ kullervo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zpxpq-lhsm ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  i agree that the pp is the biggest obstacle to difuse the situation and i 'm concerned that they give up on catalonia after their abysmal results . 
  to them , catalonian voters are irrelevant and they ca n't really lose much more support in catalonia , so they can be as obstructionist as they want . 
  we 'll have to wait and see what happens in december . 
  oh , definitely , especially considering that the psc , podemos and icv are favorable to discussing the relationship between catalonia and the central government . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the psc , podemos and icv are in favor of a referendum and open to reconsider the relationship between catalonia and madrid . 
  and a significant part of those who voted for junt pel si did so not because of strong nationalist convictions , but because they considered madrid was n't open to any of those things . 
  the far left party ( cup ) already said that they would only support it if the pro-independece parties got the majority of the votes ( and some of their leaders have said more than 50 % ) . 
  * 4 voting districts , the 4 catalan provinces . 
  * each district has their own number of seats . 
  the less populated provinces get more representation . 
  [ this graph ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2015/09/27/actualidad/1443369730_464891.html ) shows how many votes you need for a seat in each of the provinces . 
  * the seats are allocated using the [ d'hondt method ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ), 
  man , it really looks like catalonia is in a tough spot right now . 
  i honestly ca n't understand why catalan nationalists seem so enthusiastic . 
  as of right now , it looks like the yes and no camps are almost evenly split . 
  the pro-independence parties will likely win , but it does n't look like they will get more than 55 % ( right now they sit at 49 % ) . 
  i do n't think the result legitimizes neither camp . 
  the situation call for some kind of agreement in my humble opinion . 
  i 'll always remember that word because of [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dq0rtiwavm ) by kortatu . 
  well , i think it 's important that newspapers do n't lie saying this is a referendum when it is n't ( technically speaking ) , especially non-spanish media , as people in other countries are n't as familiar with the situation and the details . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's obviously not a normal election and everyone has turned this vote into a proxy referendum . 
  even those who oppose independence or even a referendum are calling for people to go to the polls and support one vision of catalonia or another . 
  but this is n't like a referendum with a clear question and a defined plan , if the pro-independence platform wins , there is still a lot of uncertainity about what their course of action will be . 
  if the psoe and podemos have enough seats to secure a majority , we will have a podemos-backed socialist president ( assuming a psoe-ciudadanos pact is n't feasible due to political disagreement or insufficient seats ) . 
  it has happened on the regional level and i have no doubt it will happen again if the numbers are right . 
  we have even seen the psoe support podemos-backed coalitions in cities in order to avoid pp governments . 
  i honestly think that a pp/psoe + ciudadanos or a psoe+p odemos pact is much more likely than a pp+psoe , especially considering that the psoe will probably get more votes than podemos . 
  just in case you did n't know , this is not a proper referendum , but a regional election that the nationalists have turned into some sort of proxy referendum . 
  the two main nationalists parties are running together in a pro-independence coalition . 
  truth be told , nationalists have tried organize a real referendum for the past few years , but the central government has refused to allow any kind of referendum .
