  they are very broad and ambiguous in their program and actions , and for a very long time , their main strength was not being the other one and the lack of alternatives . 
  the psoe imploded when the economic crisis started , and , to say it with few words , they managed to make conservative and progressive voters agree on how much they suck . 
  they have been free-falling since then . 
  podemos has managed to absorb part of the voters leaving the psoe , while still atracting people with more radical views that used to vote to smaller parties . 
  on the other hand , the pp has traditionally had a very loyal voter base and have managed to be the only valid party right of the socialists , obtaining the support of very a very broad spectrum of voters , from center to far-right and from libertarians to catholics in favor of strong social programs . 
  i have known a lot of people that has voted to corrupt pp politicians because they believed every other alternative was worst . 
  ciudadanos is the first party that seems to be able to steal votes from the pp . 
  [ this graph ] ( http://2q2ad02pehur1wobow1wbxv3.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/tres1.png ) is based on a january poll in which the voters of the different parties were asked to rank themselves from 1 to 10 , with 1 being far-left , and 10 being far-right . 
  the results of this poll have been very discussed yesterday , even though metroscopia ( el pais 's in-house pollsters ) is often criticized for its biased interpretation of data . 
  ciudadanos is definitely on the rise , partly thanks to their increasing presence in the media . 
  * checks [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_capital_cities_by_altitude ) * apparently it 's the highest after the noble cities of yerevan ( is armenia in europe ? ), 
  and andorra la vella . 
  surprisingly , it 's higher than bern . 
  i knew about the swiss plateau , but i thought it was higher . 
  most of them are decent people and just sexually harass the cleaning lady or watch a lot of porn . 
  well , those lazy bums are probably sitting home watching tv and drinking wine , instead of taking krav maga lessons or something to protect us from the airborne orthodox priests . 
  it 's the same here . 
  i 'd say most of people feels legitimately sorry for them . 
  i do n't really see any significant negative attitudes or stereotypes other than they are alcoholics , but people is n't really scared of them . 
  city halls usually try to keep them out of the nice and touristy parts . 
  madrid has been replacing all the benches with [ single seat benches ] ( http://v.uecdn.es/p/108/thumbnail/entry_id/0_588wve2z/width/657/type/2/bgcolor/000000/0_588wve2z.jpg ) ( an impractical monstruosity ) or [ benches with a central armrest ] ( http://estatico.vozpopuli.com/upload/mendigos2.jpg ) , so that they ca n't sleep there . 
  to be fair , there is a lot of people trying to help those who want or accept it . 
  spain attracted a lot of foreign companies in the past thanks to lower salaries ( especially a few decades ago ) . 
  there are peugout , citroen and renault plants in spain . 
  in fact there are 3 renault plants , the oldest built in the 50s . 
  there is also a big ford plant in valencia and a couple of volkswagen plants ( well , one is the seat plant , but the pamplona one buils the vw polo ) . 
  there is even a mercedes plant in vitoria that makes those fancy mercedes vans . 
  automotive industry is pretty much the only big industry that we have left and the government has done and will do anything in order to protect it , including numerous subsidies . 
  i do agree , but i think it 's more practical and productive if we limit the extent of our moral judgement to our country and its actions ( which include possible alliances ) . 
  i was referring more to things i see in my own country , like the people that think it 's amazing that a spanish company got the comission to build the meca-medina high speed rail . 
  the monarchist media gave almost all the credit to the alleged great relations of our king with the gulf monarchs . 
  of course the left-wing came to the rescue and told us once again that they are awful tyrants that execute homosexuals and whatnot . 
  but then we are reminded that the leader of podemos , the new anti-austerity party , produced and hosted a tv show on hispan tv , funded by the iranian government . 
  a government that sadly has also executed homosexuals in the past . 
  and now the people that thought that doing business with saudi arabia is dirty will say that they will accept the money of their enemies ' enemy and whatnot , or try to dodge the issue , but the conservative pundits will denounce all the human rights violations of the iranian government . 
  sure , you can say they are are all bad . 
  but that makes me wonder , can you be involved in the middle east , if you refuse to deal with countries with bad human rights record tracks ? 
  or can you avoid china ? 
  we are like brothers that started dating two crazy girls that hated each other ( england and france ) and they dragged us into their fights , so we ended up not talking to each other for some time . 
  we can still become friends . 
  what people need to start to understand is that foreign policy has very little to do with morals . 
  if you need to believe that your country should only be friends with `` well-behaved '' countries and avoid `` bad/evil '' countries , you are forcing yourself into an increasingly biased interpretation of reality , and you will find yourself cherrypicking the nice things of the countries you want to see as good , and ignoring or justifying the not so good things . 
  i started looking at all these things from a more detached point of view and i find it very libertating . 
  our whole energy policy is pretty much written by the big energy companies . 
  for instance the 2015 self-consumption law , dubbed `` the sun tax '' , was shamelessly tailored to their needs . 
  they are probably the most powerful lobby in spain , a real oligopoly , and they legally pour a lot of money on politicians and the press , so that nobody bothers them . 
  as a result , the energy sector is an engineered burocratic mess , competition is impossible and the market is rigged . 
  it looks like [ this ] ( http://www.geerthofstede.nl/vsm2013 ) is the survey they base these scores on . 
  the basque flag is included on a list of `` examples of banned flags '' . 
  the guidelines included in the source document ban ( among others ) : * local , regional or provincial flags ; * flags/banners containing and/or representing a statement that the organisers consider of political or religious nature , in particular flags of disputed territories ; * flags/banners containing statements in another language than english ; so they are even more restrictive that we thought . 
  i guess i understand the policy as a way to completely avoid a huge can of worms . 
  still , it 's very offensive to put the basque flag , that flies on public buildings all over the basque country , next to the isis flag . 
  it 's much more complicated than that . 
  a psoe and podemos coalition still needs additional support . 
  the psoe wanted ciudadanos to support them , but it was almost impossible to get ciudadanos and podemos to support the same coalition . 
  both parties have repeatedly expressed their incompatibility and disagreement on pretty much every issue . 
  podemos wants a coalition supported by nationalist parties , similar to what we have seen in local and regional governments . 
  ciudadanos will never deal with nationalists . 
  they had made pretty clear that the unity of spain is the issue the care about the most . 
  if you add to all that the way ciudadanos was suddenly inserted in the negotiation by the psoe , it was difficult for other parties to support the psoe . 
  after a month of talks with leftists and nationalists , that some people took as an attempt to shape a leftist coalition , the psoe announced they had signed a very rigid agreement with ciudadanos , by which they become a united front in further talks . 
  it was very confusing , because they signed this agreement , but then you had psoe politicians demanding the support of podemos and ciudadanos trying to steer the psoe towards a grand coalition with the pp . 
  so it was very difficult for all parties involved . 
  i could see ciudadanos accepting podemos indirect support in a investiture vote , but podemos wanted to be an active part of the new government , and that 's something ciudadanos will never approve . 
   why do you want to set up a political party that seeks to break the mold of two party politics , and then when that mold is broken refuse to enter any coalitions . 
  are you just trying to supplant them as one of the two parties who can rule alone ? 
  podemos is , above anything else , a party left to the psoe that has gotten a lot of votes from disappointed former psoe voters . 
  those who are very critical of the psoe are also very critical of the times when the psoe was given a blank check just to block conservatives . 
  i 'd say most podemos voters are fine with not supporting psoe 's current stance . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't many podemos voters that are kinda disappointed with podemos and its leadership , but leftist parties have been punished in the past when they have been perceived as psoe enablers that bow down to the psoe only to see how they break all their promises once they win the investiture . 
  edit : to summarize , there are a lot of negative feelings towards the psoe among leftist parties and voters , that 's one of the reasons podemos got so big . 
  there is n't that much pressure to make things easier for the psoe . 
  english-language articles do n't go into too much detail and redditors from other countries may assume that he is resigning just for being mentioned on some papers . 
  the beauty of this was that journalists did n't release everything the had on him at once , so they baited him into making poor excuses first , and then confronted him with additional documents that contradicted his initial statements . 
  and it 's not like they have embebed it in white concrete . 
  it was carefully consolidated with limestone covered with some kind of finish mortar . 
  it is n't great , but it 's a decent restoration . 
  maybe they could have gone for a more discrete volume , leaving the battlements intact and avoiding that protuding wall , but the alternative was to let the tower collapse . 
  there 's a reason why restorations are done this way . 
  that expression does n't sound half as good in english . 
  i 've always found weird that the aberri eguna does n't conmemorate a big political or military event , but the day that , according to tradition , sabino arana was convinced by his brother to be a nationalist rather than a carlist ( on easter sunday ) . 
  the whole story sounds almost like religious conversion . 
  anyway , zorionak to our basque friends . 
  most of people do n't work until 20 . 
  that time probably includes commuting times in a big city , which go down very quickly to just 5-15 minutes in small and middle-sized cities . 
  a lot of people are out at 17-18 . 
  due to our late lunches , some people have 35-hour jobs from 8 to 15 with a coffe break . 
  you should have mentioned in the title that english subtitles are ( sadly ) available . 
  yep , you can see a lot of things if you are familiar with certain area . 
  for instance , you can see the more densely populated area of extremadura along the guadiana river , and the portuguese towns along the road to lisbon , like elvas right accros the border from badajoz and evora . 
  it 's not really allowed or disallowed , but yes , little diego would be diego g\u00f3mez g\u00f3mez . 
  i checked the latest surname poll published , and there are 80000 garc\u00eda garc\u00eda in spain ( and 14000 g\u00f3mez g\u00f3mez ) . 
   that 's a bit sensationalistic . 
  you could even say that was ... * gasp * ... very sensationalist . 
  i mean , i 'm not a monarchist or anything , but anyone who reads that headline will imagine something completely different . 
  3000 $ is a lot of money in many parts of southern and eastern europe . 
  you 'd be earning more than 90 % of spanish workers . 
  more than a third of spanish workers earn less than 1000 $ . 
  with 3000 you can pay a mortgage in madrid or barcelona and support a family , and many people would consider you upper-middle class .
