  podemos wants to discuss and reconsider the deficit target , but they have n't made a big deal about this . 
  i 'd say it 's almost impossible . 
  the pp and right-wing nationalists used to have a very fruitful relationship in the past , but the pp hardened their stance on regional nationalism during the last decade to erode zapatero 's socialist government , and now the relationship is clearly adversarial . 
  besides , c 's and regional nationalism are like oil and water . 
  i live in a small city and it was surprisingly crowded . 
  there were definitely more people than last spring . 
  that said , it will be pretty shocking if any party other than pp or psoe get one of the 4 seats of my province . 
   i 'm not even sure how this is news i knew people were going to make a big deal about this . 
  it has already come up in conversations in the last few days . 
  when they said that they did n't want to be part of any coalition if they did n't win , all the media made sure to make it sound like they would block any other party . 
  now rivera says this and people want to make it sound like they changed their mind . 
  you can say what you want about c 's and their ideas , but they have been very consistent when it comes to this . 
  they did the same after the regional election . 
   or even vox really ? 
  the only thing that sounds too conservative for me is their obsession with the unity of spain , and that 's not considered a conservative stance in many countries . 
  as a person who wants to see change and reform in spain , i think those attitudes only benefit the mainstream parties , especially the pp . 
  if we really want to change this country , the people that supports podemos and the people that supports ciudadanos have to be friends , because at a very basic level , there is this desire to rebuild the political system . 
  some podemos supporters really need to understand that people might have different opinions on economy and labor issues without being some kind of evil fascist . 
  and let me be clear , i disagree with many of their proposals for the economy . 
  some of the founders of podemos have that radical left background , bu the party never was marxist or socialist in that sense . 
  pablo iglesias was famously asked if he wanted to bring down capitalism and he said something along the lines of `` i wish i could , but it 's impossible in this globalized world , our goals are more modest '' . 
  however , they have always spoken about `` la casta '' , a privileged elite of politicians and businessmen that enjoy undeserved privileges and never were that concerned about the common people . 
  they talk a lot about being tougher on the banks and energy companies , so they sound kinda `` radical '' at times . 
  well , it depends on what you mean with radical left wingers , hell , even `` moderate '' is ambiguous , but podemos has definitely toned it down since spring . 
  they are still to left of the mainstream socialists and some opf their attitudes are still viewed as radical by the other parties . 
  we were just visiting and decided to stay . 
  did n't you hear about a guy protesting in front of the studio before the big debate ? 
  that 's their candidate . 
  many leftist people in spain see ciudadanos as some kind of `` wolf in sheep 's clothing '' . 
  podemos supporters seem especially hostile towards ciudadanos , and the leftist media is constantly pushing the idea that ciudadanos are not as moderate and centrist as they claim to be . 
  if you go further to the left you will even find a tinfoil rhetoric that potrays ciudadanos as the answer of the rich and powerful to the erosion of mainstream parties , and a tool to contain podemos . 
  if you think about it , both parties are fighting for the votes of moderates disillusioned with mainstream parties . 
  exactly . 
  the kid approached him under the pretense of taking a selfie . 
  if you want to shake hands and hold babies , you are exposed to this kind of thing . 
  it 's very sad how certain groups can drop a rumor without any kind of evidence , mention a name or two and do so much damage . 
  business as usual , but still sad . 
  why would anyone downvote this comment ? 
  upvoted because you need more * mesete\u00f1o * love . 
  at the end of the they , it 's kinda pointless to talk until we get the actual results . 
  it 's hard to tell right now . 
  the polls are n't clear and never were too accurate to begin with . 
  and very small variations in the number of votes can affect the seat distribution significantly . 
  i think that ciudadanos will be vital in determining who will be the next prime minister . 
  what i find more interesting is that both pp and psoe will be weaker in parliament and we could see some pretty interesting votes . 
  the threat of a no confidence vote will be huge and the new government wo n't be able to ignore the parliament anymore . 
  it 's going to be tough to navigate through this new political scenario for all parties . 
  civil rights never were a big concern in spain . 
  people only care when it affects to their group and are totally fine with restrictions to those they dislike . 
  i find it especially sad when it comes from the left-wing . 
   edit : another thing : most of my friends who speak english do n't even know about the existence of reddit . 
  this . 
  spaniards are n't the best english speakers out there , but even those who speak english rarely browse english-language content or read international press . 
  the spanish-language internet is big enough for most people . 
  you could say it 's boring or bland , but i honestly do n't undestand what is the shock value of a cube . 
  the only problem that i could fathom is the size , but it 's a church , it 's suppossed to stand out and be a local landmark . 
  imo , this is n't that intriguing . 
  i 'm all for radical inverventions in existing architecture , but this does n't look interesting at all . 
  leaving aside the fact that there is n't any kind of relationship or tension between both objects and languages , it simply looks like someone some spaceship landed on that building , it does n't look like the intervention enhances or interacts with old building very much : what new spaces and communications does it create ? 
  what is the connection ? 
  what does it happen between both buildings , what is the contact like ? 
  well , you obviously ca n't tell by her name . 
  if she 's in her 30s , it is n't really that shocking that she has n't gotten married or had kids yet . 
  as far as i can tell , spaniards tend to cohabitate more often than americans . 
  in my experience , many american women have this view about relationships , that after x years you have to get married as a sign of commitment and to demostrate that you are really serious ( especially the men ) . 
  in spain there 's a lot of couples that live together for 7-10 years and only get married when they want to have children or buy a house , or just for the hell of it . 
  an many other do n't really get married . 
  it 's never been customary in spain . 
  everyone has two family names ( father 's first surname and mother 's first surname ) , and women have always kept their names . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's about franco , although i guess that may have some influence . 
  i 'd say the main factors are spain 's late urbanization , the ever-increasing housing prices and the entry of women into the workforce . 
  take into account that spain lagged behind europe and the rest of the western world regarding many demographic tendencies . 
  in the late 70s and early 80s , a lot of the young urban professionals had been born in smaller rural towns and were still able to buy a flat in a big city on a single income . 
  there were still a lot of housewives , specially outside the bigger cities . 
  my older uncles and aunts all got married in their early 20s , got well-paying jobs without completing college degrees and paid off flats in madrid in less than 10 years . 
  in the late 80s and early 90s the children of the urban migrants of the 60s and 70s became of age . 
  you have a drastically different generation that was less influenced by traditional ideas and increasingly more self-centered . 
  housing prices increased and suddenly , you not only need two incomes to pay a house , but it takes longer and you have less disposable income . 
  additionally , spain is not precisely the best country in europe when it comes to maternity and work-life balance . 
  and let 's not forget that spain has gone through several crisis since the 70s , especially in the ealy 90s and since 2008 . 
  even when the employment figures are slightly improving , the new jobs are more precarious and wages are lower . 
  keep in mind the situation is specially difficult on young people , so most spaniards ca n't think of getting married , buying a house and starting a family until their mid to late 30s . 
  that 's pushing back the age most women have their first child , so when you are in a position to extend the family , pregnancies becomes riskier . 
  i 'm specially intrigued by the erc folks . 
  it did n't look like the figure of artur mas was fundamental when they formed the coalition last summer . 
  sure , they did n't hide the fact that mas was the candidate , even when he did n't lead the list , but they insisted that personal and partisan interests would be left aside in favor of their national project . 
  it makes me wonder what has been discussed and promised behind closed doors . 
  you can express your wish for a relationship/friendship to continue , while still recognizing the right of that person to leave that relationship . 
  i 'll be clear , there are obviously countless spaniards that deny that right , but that does n't mean there is anything wrong with someone saying they wish such a rich culture ( that had a significant impact in spanish history and culture ) could be part of a pluralistic spain . 
  nice link . 
  the energy sector list is nasty . 
  definitely . 
  i live in a small province now ( 4 seats ) , and it 's almost impossible any party other than the pp and psoe will get a seat . 
  both parties got almost 80 % of the vote in the regional election of last may . 
  in many provinces , the real voting threshold to get a seat is close to 20-25 % . 
  if you start adding all the votes to third parties in smaller provinces , you get millions of `` wasted '' votes . 
  coming from madrid ( 36 seats ) , voting here becomes pointless if you do n't want to vote to any of the two traditional parties . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.elespanol.com/elecciones/elecciones-generales/20151129/82991706_0.html ) ( in spanish ) has some nice charts with the data from the october cis poll . 
  the [ generational gap ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8uob5ad.jpg ) is wide . 
  and that 's only after ruthlessly annexing catalan flairs .
