the problem with that logic is that it is extremely difficult for the people to know for sure whether that dictator is competent and fair or not . 
  it reminds me to the old spanish people that used to said : this did n't hapen with franco !, 
  well , it sure did happen , just that people did n't get to know , because there was nobody to check , nobody could sue them , journalists could ' t even dream of publishing it , the law was n't the same for everyone , and everyone is forced to assume that that 's how the system works . 
  when you make it impossible to know your dirt ( or you have the power to do so ) , it becomes surprisingly easy to appear competent and clean . 
  it is painful indeed . 
  that being said , i find it pretty ironic that people are ok with mocking spanish guys in their 50s and 60s because they ca n't speak english or do it very poorly , but then we are outraged when conservatives make fun of working class politicians and leaders that did n't get to go to university ( like cayo lara in spain or many south american leaders ) . 
  the truth is that very few spaniards in their 50s and 60s were able to become fluent in english unless they were able to study or live abroad , it is very rare even among the elites . 
  imo , our politicians ' language skills are not below average at all . 
  spain 's inability to speak foreign languages permeates all trades and social backgrounds . 
  first of all , you need to take into account the electoral system . 
  i do n't know how many mps they are getting in the less populated , more rural provinces . 
  that being said , it 's going to be pretty tough to form a governing coalition . 
  pablo iglesias said in the past that the psoe will have to support either him or rajoy as the next president , in other words , podemos wo n't make pedro s\u00e1nchez ( current socialist leader ) president . 
  on the other hand , to this day , it is almost impossible to form a government without the support of either pp or psoe . 
  so it is up to the psoe . 
  when you take all those things into consideration , the most likely outcome is a pp-psoe pact . 
  there is still some potential for a podemos-psoe pact , though the current socialist leadership has been too soft on the pp government the last few months . 
  have we forgotten the last couple of years of the psoe government , and the relentless campaign to burn the psoe to the ground ? 
  in comparison , the socialists seem to be much more dismissive of podemos , but you know , the psoe is like the catholic church , they adapt to the times and will go to bed with anyone in order to survive , so you ca n't never know for sure . 
  some are more reliable than others . 
  this particular polling agency has been known for questionable polls , so take the data with a grain of salt . 
  however , other polls show that the * podemos * and the two traditional parties have a projected voter turnout between 20 and 30 % , something like 28 % / 25 % / 23 % . 
  many of those polls put * podemos * in second place , but the truth is that anything can happen from now until the 2015 elections . 
  part of the rise can be attributed to the incredible amount of corruption scandals that have exploded during the last month , particularly last week . 
  5 out of 6 inquiry judges from the * audiencia nacional * ( spain 's highest court after the supreme court ) have been handling top-level corruption cases this week . 
  the ruling party and the lobbying forces behind it felt very safe after the collapse of the left in 2011 , which led to their absolute majority with less votes than the socialists got to form a minority government in 2008 ( many people stayed at home in 2011 ) . 
  in other words , there is a huge portion of the electorate that deserted traditional parties in 2011 and was just waiting for something new to come out . 
  do n't forget about all those opus dei families . 
  our failed projects are always finished , it 's just that we build very expensive huge-ass stuff nobody will every use because eu money and debt are so awesome and voters like shiny stuff . 
  imo , one of our sexiest projects was the brand new network of radial highways in madrid . 
  just look at [ this map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jzwchui.png ) . 
  so there is a bunch of major highways that connect madrid with the rest of the country and also with all the commuting towns and cities around it ( a1-a6 ) . 
  as it happens anywhere else in the world , these highways tend to congest in rush hour . 
  what can we do about it ? 
  doubling the network with a bunch of privately operated toll highways running paralel to the old ones ( r2-r5 ) . 
  for a number of reasons these highways are almost always empty and the private contractors that operate them went bankrupt , so the government had to bail them and purchase them all . 
  but it 's ok , they can spare the money because they do n't have to feed the millions of zero-income families thanks to the charities and ngos . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't think that we look down on argentinians , in fact many people consider the accent very charming and sexy . 
  there are definitely a lot of stereotypes associated with the porte\u00f1o accent , though . 
  i 'd say we have this image of argentina as a country of psychiatrists , thespians and con-artists that will use their charm to talk you into anything or steal your wife ( just check pretty much every argentinian character in popular tv shows and films ) . 
  that 's just the stereotype , but i guess some people believe those stereotypes more than others . 
  if you ask the government or their supporters , they will probably dodge the question with arguments against independence and trying to avoid the issue of self-determination . 
  if you really press them , they will say that the secession of part of the country and the referendum itself violate the constitution , and only the whole country has the sovereignity to change the constitution , so they claim the catalans are trying change the constitution unilaterally . 
  the argument is bullshit but there is a surprisingly high portion of the spanish people that buy into it , and consider that a referendum on catalan independence should include all the country . 
  i find it disgusting how they hide behind the suppossed sanctitiy of the constitution when it suits their agenda , because they have already changed it in the middle of august 2011 without debate or referendum . 
  that 's what i keep saying whenever the issue comes up . 
  it is what they do in civilized countries when there is a separatist movement half the size of catalonia 's , and people usually vote against independence . 
  from a practical point of view , independence creates too many costs and risks and raises many difficult questions that separatist leaders would rather not answer . 
  but madrid has refused to negotiate or listen to catalonia 's proposals for over a decade , which is only making more moderates support secession because of the growing perception that you ca n't accomplish anything by playing by their rules . 
   this concept of responsibility connected to political culture is foreign to me . 
  here , even a prison sentence is not enough to keep them out of the parliament . 
  as a spaniard all i can say is : amen brother . 
   but it takes a special kind of incompetence to ignore a 45 % vote for independence looking at you madrid ... 
  but more seriously , congrats on your democracy . 
  no matter if you support independence or not , when there is such a big disagreement , it is wiser to cooperate . 
  the attitude in our country of standing against the `` nationalist menace '' has gained votes for a couple of decades now , but it 's alienating people and will only fuel secession . 
  there certainly was a strong pro-federalization movement in the early 2000s , especially among the left , center-left and moderate nationalists . 
  the traditional nationalist parties in catalonia and the basque country were conservative platforms controlled by the local elites and they were always more concerned about getting good deals from madrid and less about romantic idealism . 
  there were other parties with clearer nationalist views that always made secession their main goal , usually on the progressive/leftist side of the political spectrum . 
  the problem is that conservatives have adamantly resisted decentralization . 
  whenever regional parliaments tried to negotiate any kind of change , they were met with denial and belligerance . 
  conservatives have exploited this issue to create some sort of boogeyman or scapegoat in order to gather support and divert attention away from other issues ( nationalist politicians are also guilty of this ) . 
  so we get to a point where there are millions of people in spain that would never accept federalization and opposing it gets you votes in certain parts of the country . 
  the irony of the situation is that , the more madrid stiffles moderate decentralization , the more they push traditional nationalistm and catalan society towards a more `` radical '' stance and the more people give up on the spanish system . 
  i believe in their right to do whatever they want . 
  but i agree that their historic narrative is a little bit twisted and too victimistic . 
  to be honest , the catalan elites have always been in great terms with madrid and have constantly forced all kinds of policies that helped them become the main industrial pole in the country . 
  that started in the 1800s with protectionist policies that pretty much forced spaniards to buy catalan goods over british imports and it did n't stop with franco . 
  they also like to go back to the middle ages , before the inception of the nation-state , when kings were less powerful and every little institution and every little corner had their ancient privileges . 
  in my opinion , that had nothing to do with national identities and more to do with weaker kings that needed to constantly bargain with everyone for support , money , men , etc. 
  those ancient laws started to disappear since the 15th century ( see [ what happened ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/los_comuneros_de_castilla_en_el_pat%c3%adbulo.jpg ) to the castilians that wanted the king to respect their old laws and institutions ) . 
  bet hey , even if i think that their narrative is bullshit ( and i 'm aware many people might strongly disagree ) , i still think they have all the right in the world to vote and decide their future . 
  he was also a symbol , the face of the banking system . 
  energy companies are arguably the most powerful sector , but they are more impersonal and anonymous . 
  nope , the picture shows the famous main facade of the [ 15th century university building ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/escuelas_mayores ) and the statue of [ fray luis de le\u00f3n ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luis_de_le%c3%b3n ) . 
  spotting the hidden frog carved on that facade is probably the most touristy thing to do in salamanca . 
  [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/b9sbqnm ) is the cathedral . 
  same with teide , on the canary islands . 
  the highest point in the iberian penisula is [ mulhac\u00e9n ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/mulhacen_north_face.jpg ) . 
  for many people , there is no significant difference between parliamentary monarchy and some sort of republic ... and i tend to agree although i prefer the republic from a philosophical point of view . 
  this country has structural and cultural issues that need to be adressed . 
  i do n't give a shit about who is the decorative head of state , as long as there is not real separation of powers , bureaucracy chokes the country , local public offices are pretty much a bloodless mafia and the political structure is a rigid hierarchy where politicians have zero incentive to defend their constituency ( it 's more important to please the people that draft the party list ) . 
  i think parliamentary monarchy is perfectly reasonable as long as it is based on popular sovereignity , but the problem is that we do n't have much of that here . 
  kicking the can down the road and hoping people 's concerns are elsewhere is not the basis of a system of government . 
  brothels are not oficially registered as such , but as some kind of nightclub , bar or hotel . 
  the proper ones ( i.e. 
  the ones not run by some dangerous mafia ) usually exploit whatever legal loopholes they find so that they are not really paying somebody to have sex . 
  for instance , there are many places where the client has a direct transaction with the prostitute and she just pays the establishment for the room , either a fee per service , a monthly `` rent '' or something like that . 
  other times the client is paying for a `` dance '' or a `` massage '' , or simply giving a generous tip to a `` waitress '' . 
  i 'm sure it 's very similar than in many other countries where prostituion is unregulated or prohibitions are unenforced . 
  but yeah , you ca n't drive 20km on a major road without finding a brothel . 
  a dutch family member is always pissed whenever someone brings up the amsterdam red-light district and claims that there are many more whores on the main road here . 
  the republican movement is spain has been largely co-opted by the left , to the point that the republican flag is pretty much a communist and `` far left '' symbol . 
  i do n't mean to say this in a pejorative way , it 's just a short way to refer to everything to the left of mainstream social-democrats ( psoe ) . 
  you will find republican flags in any type of event or demonstration involving leftist parties and unions . 
  most of these groups also seem to idolize the 1931 republic and its simbols , and some of them seem to consider themselves heirs of that republic . 
  in my opinion this is counterproductive to the republican cause , because there are quite a few conservative republicans as well as republicans who could n't care less about the second spanish republic and its symbols . 
  that 's not the first time that i 've heard about juan carlos riding his bike in castilla y le\u00f3n . 
  for instance , a friend from sep\u00falveda swears he used to ride to his town to eat lamb in an asador a couple of times a year .
