  imo the sub is pretty diverse and i see all kinds of opinions in big threads , but people tend to notice more the people they dislike or disagree with . 
  sure , there has been a recent influx of people who seem obsessed with the issue and want to push some agenda , but the discussion is still very diverse and relatively level-headed . 
  imo something similar happened during the last greek crisis . 
  you could read all kinds of opinions , but there were still a lot of users claiming that only one point of view is represented , that the sub is an echo chamber and all that . 
  yeah , you can read something upsetting every now and then . 
  upsetting in the sense of losing faith in humanity . 
  but this is an anonymous online open forum , you are bound to listen to this kind of things . 
   . . or this sub has become super racist ? 
  the thing is these opinions exist in europe , and immigration is one of the central political issues in many european countries , so it 's only logical that we see it here . 
  we can already upvote and downvote content . 
  we can already report outright xenophobic comments ( xenophobia and hate speech are bannable by the way ) . 
  the mods have expressed their intention to stop the issue of immigration from taking over the sub , so at the end of the day , some of these posts and comments sound a little bit like : has anyone noticed there is people posting things they do n't like on the sub ? 
  honestly , if you look at the comment section of most european newspapers , this sub looks like a liberal utopia in comparison , i do n't really know a place where you can find a such a diverse and relatively polite discussion . 
  the king philip ii made madrid the capital in 1561 and , as far as i know , there is no official reason for it other than the king said so , but historians have speculated about the reasons for centuries . 
  there were bigger and more developed cities with better infraestructure ( seville , barcelona , even lisbon was considered ) . 
  the usual reasons historians propose are : * madrid is more in the center of the kingdom ( although toledo is n't that far away ) . 
  * the city had better health conditions ( water , air , etc ) than toledo . 
  * no powerful bishops and nobles . 
  madrid was a quite place . 
  when the court was itinerant , every time the king set foot on a city he would have to deal with the countless demands of the nobility . 
  * lots of forests and hunting grounds . 
  just for the record , these were people protesting after the death of a fellow illegal street vendor in salou ( and not in tenerife as the tags say ) the night before when the police were raiding a house . 
  the guy allegedly jumped from a third floor when the police broke in . 
  let me be clear , i 'm not justifying or defending their actions ** at all ** , i 'm just adding some context and pointing out that this is n't something that randomly happens regularly . 
  basically there were a lot of protests in 2011-2012 after the election , including certain new forms of protest that the government found especially aggravating and annoying . 
  they tried to prosecute a lot of people for taking part in these protests but the judges would dismiss the charges all the time , so they changed the law so that all that stuff becomes illegal . 
  the worst part is that a lot of these offences are now handled by the executive in the form of fines : someone says they saw you doing it and you get a fine . 
  this clearly conflicts with the principles of pressumption of inocence and judicial review . 
  but we do n't have strong democratic culture and a lot of people does n't give a shit because they do n't protest or do n't care about the rights of the people they disagree with . 
  it 's disgusting that so many people are totally okay with the fact that the government can go after a person because of what he or she said , without the involvement of the judiciary . 
  it 's weird . 
  there is definitely a special relationship . 
  sometimes their culture and experiences seem so close and relatable and you think , these guys are much more like us than those german people . 
  but other times it feels like a completely exotic and foreign place and you notice the things that you have in common with europe . 
  we grew up listenting to the stories of those who emigrated to argentina , cuba or venezuela in the early 1900s , and now latin american citizens are one of our main immigrant groups , especially in urban centers . 
  the political and economical elites try to be as relevant and involved in latin america as possible . 
  almost all of our biggest international companies are worldwide giants thanks to all the business that they do in latin america . 
  lastly , there is still a strong cultural connections and all kinds of artists from different countries enjoy popularity on both sides of the atlantic . 
  the internet has definitely made the distance shorter , and now we can all fight on youtube comments in the language of cervantes ( mostly over which dubbing of the simpsons is better ) . 
  at least in spain , a `` lameculos '' is a the person that is always trying to praise and flatter someone else to gain their favor ( usually a figure of authority like a boss or a teacher ) . 
  it has pretty much the same meaning as the english expression `` brown-nose '' . 
  it 's a relatively specific word and not really a generic insult , but it 's still a word people use . 
  the tl ; dr version is that the spanish flag and the republican flag carry certain political connotations for different people . 
  regardless of the origin and history of both flags , for many people , the flag issue is tied to all kinds of controversial political and historical topics . 
  to be honest , it can be quite exhausting . 
  as a rule of thumb though , someone who flies a republican flag is more likely to be left-wing and care a lot about the monarchy-republic debate . 
  the republican flag is widely embraced by most political parties to the left of the mainstream socialist party . 
  to be honest , some people do see it as a symbol of certain political ideologies , and reject that flag because they reject those ideologies . 
  what you say is still true , but there are also certain realities about what kind of people embrace one flag or another that influence the opinion of many people on these issues . 
  that 's what discussing flags in spain is so messy , because what you think some flag means for somebody , might not be what that person really thinks or feels . 
  indeed . 
  it was just a quicker way to say that there are two types of teritorial subdivision within the state , nationalities and region . 
  i did n't mean to imply something different . 
   i am a french guy who has been living in catalu , ermh , in spain ( barcelona ) too late . 
  the spanish secret service is coming to get you . 
  i guess somtimes you need to examine something a little bit closer , but i do n't know what you mean . 
  lol . 
  the autonomous communities are the first level political [ subdivision ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/autonomous_communities_of_spain_no_names.svg ) of the spanish state , and have a great level of self-government . 
  they had to come up with an euphemistic name to avoid using words like state or nation . 
  that would have been too much for the conservative forces during the spanish transition to democracy . 
  the constitution recognized the existence of to types of regions : normal regions and `` historical nationalities '' , but all of them could access to the same model of self-government ( although there were different paths for historical and regular regions ) . 
  the creation of the autonomius communities was a very complex and controversial political process and it is still one of the most heated issues in spain 's political landscape . 
  technically speaking , it 's not a different letter . 
  it 's just a punctuation mark that we use when the u in `` gue '' and `` gui '' is voiced . 
  you ca n't really explain this without delving too much the spanish spelling rules of the g and j , but the u in `` gue '' ( guerra : war ) and `` gui '' ( guitarra : guitar ) is silent . 
  in the very rare cases that we need to pronounce g + u + i/e , we write the u with the points ( g\u00fce , g\u00fci ) . 
  upvote because of onion . 
  i have n't been much to barcelona , and i have never lived there . 
  sure , some people prefer madrid 's weather because it 's drier , but some people prefer barcelona because of the milder winters . 
  i guess it 's subjective depending on how much the humidity bothers you . 
  most touristic attractions will have have foreign tourists ( because tourist go to the nice places , go figure ) , but it has nothing to do with how it is in certain seaside resort towns . 
  there will be a lot of spanish people that do n't speak a word of english and there will be a lot of authentic bars and neighborhoods to get lost . 
  it really depends . 
  both are great cities on their own merit . 
  barcelona 's biggest advantage over madrid is the sea and the weather , and most of people would think barcelona is more beautiful . 
  but it 's something very personal , and if you have lived in one of them for a very long time , the other feels weird . 
  this does n't come as a suprise . 
  every summer around 5-10 people die in these summer festivals . 
  people know it and it has been happening for centuries . 
  i 'm not here to defend these traditions ( which i personally do n't like ) , but it 's not like all these people are going to say : omg , people die , we need to stop this . 
  i do n't think these festivals are ending anytime soon , to be honest . 
  bullfighting is a another story though , and every year the opposition grows . 
  it does n't look that bad to me . 
   joder feels too light and short when you need to really curse . 
  this . 
  these expressions are great because you can keep going until you blow off all your steam . 
  well , the stores are clossed ... so we still get to enjoy some of the inconvenience of a public holiday . 
  regardless of the nature of their meeting and the issues discussed , this is a major fuck-up by them , especially the minister . 
  did they expect they could meet in the ministry without anyone noticing and leaking the info ? 
  could n't they see this would be a scandal ? 
  if they had used their phones , nobody would have known . 
  in my opinion , this says a lot about their sense of impunity . 
  and the sad truth is that a lot of people do n't care . 
  there are lots of legends in my hometown . 
  the most famous one is about the conquest of the city during the [ reconquista ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reconquista ) . 
  alfonso ix , king of leon laid siege to the city for years without success . 
  the historical siege actually lasted 3 years . 
  the legend says that the daughter of the * qaid * ( muslim governor ) used to sneak out of city in the middle of the night through an underground system of tunnels , to visit a small stream behind city ( in some versions , she went there to bathe every night ) . 
  one of the ( christian ) king 's most loyal captains was strolling around the area when they found each other , and you know how things work in legends : she was the most beautiful woman ever , their eyes met and they fell madly in love at first sight . 
  they promised to see each other the following night , and the princess showed the captain the entrance to the tunnels , so they could meet in private .
