i hope russia does n't start meddling in balkan business , i dread thinking about what shit could come out of that . 
  just to clarify , russia has a big partner in serbia . 
  i like serbia and i do n't have anything against serbs , but they have lost lots of land recently . 
  russia 's ( or russians in ukraine ) actions in crimea and donbass could serve as inspiration for the more nationalistic and opportunistic serbs to start reclaiming that land , while being backed by russia . 
  not saying it 's likely though , but you never know how big situations like this could snowball into . 
  i 'm just guessing here . 
  considering greeks and turks are the two largest groups there . 
  i do n't know what you are or what you call yourself . 
  i was making an assumption , and instead of correcting me you just keep beating around the bush . 
  then he should have corrected me instead of me having to guess , if he was so bothered by it . . 
  what ? 
  then you are turkish . 
  i did n't notice the '' '' around `` greek cypriot '' , so i assumed you were greek . . 
  i can see your point , i should n't have assumed that every greek thinks the same , and i apologize . 
  it was n't my intention . 
  i assumed that nationalism is as strong in cyprus as it is in greece and the rest of the balkans , and that the rivalry between greeks and turks would not make greeks very open to independence of trnc . 
  now that we have someone from cyprus here , why do n't you tell us what you think the avarage greek cypriot thinks about trnc ? 
   why not to recognize the situation as it is and try to make the best out of it . 
  to someone who does n't have a personal relationship to this issue , like you and i , this certainly sounds like the best solution . 
  but for a greek cypriot it would be unheard of . 
  making northern cyprus independent would mean the turkish cypriotes , and turkey , won the conflict . 
  the turks got their republic illegally , while the greeks lost half of their country . 
  now to me , that does n't seem fair . 
   i do n't understand why we have to oppose the turkish republic of northern cyprus . 
  because it was illegally invaded by turkey and had no right in declaring itself an independent state . 
  also , and i hate to bring up old history in modern politics , cyprus is and has historically been greek . 
  if i was a greek in cyprus i too would not have been happy that a people , who only exist because they changed culture and religion in the 16th century after being occupied by the ottomans ( turkey ) , occupied half of my homeland . 
  i consider you guys turkish , but i know that many turks in cyprus and crete , are actually just descendants of greeks who converted to islam and became turkish after a few generations . 
  i do n't have anything particular against you guys , but i oppose the turkish republic of northern cyprus . 
  middle one has wrong flag . 
  but why would they be against oktoberfest ? 
   mu ` tazila school of thought i first heard of that through crusader kings ii . 
  it 's amazing what that game teaches . 
  this is just sad . 
  i mean , what compels someone to do something like that to their own family ? 
  their own parent ? 
  i feel sorry for her sister . 
  finally , a flash mob that was n't cringey . 
  seriously though , this was beautiful . 
  it 's a spring miracle . 
  how fucking stupid . 
  condolences to his family and friends . 
  hope these degenerate perpetrators end up in prison, 
  degenerate disgusting cowards . 
  that 's who . 
   i 'm not claiming that it does , but it certainly seems so . 
  yes ... it seems that way because there are far more instances of serbs commiting war crimes ...  serbs did not initiate it . 
  the serbs began attacking different parts of the country after the the country gained independence . 
   vrs 's primary declared goal was to protect the serbs and preserve them from being split into two . 
  yeah , by ethnically cleansing non-serbs . 
  how noble of them . 
   as far as i know , rs leadership also never invited those foreign volunteers , but the muslim leadership did have close ties to al qaeda , the mujahedin came here as a part of a financial support deal between the muslim leadership and saudi arabia , i believe , and that same muslim leadership gave those mujahedin bosnian citizenship after the war . 
  here 's alija having a chat with the mujahedin and here 's abu hamza claiming alija supported him during the war . 
  muslim leadership gave khalid sheikh mohammed , the architect of 9/11 , bosnian citizenship , for fucks sake . . 
  doing stuff like this while preaching multi-culturalism is the definition of hypocrisy . 
  most of those fighters were expelled after the war . 
  i do n't like them anymore than you do . 
  our feelings are mutual on this subject . 
  but i will say , the number of these fighters were heavily exaggerated by serb ( and croat ) media . 
  most were sent home after the war . 
   claiming that you are fighting to defend the serbs , as the rs and vrs did , and having russian and greek volunteers aid your effort is certainly not hypocritical . 
  serbs being aided by greeks and russians ca n't be compared with the muslim leadership receiving funds from terrorist organizations and welcoming mujahedin . 
  that 's hypocritical . 
  foreign aid for the serbs are ok , but not for others ? 
  they came to fight muslims and catholics in a holy war , radovan karadzic even traveled to greece where he was welcomed as a `` hero '' . 
   yet they voted for him and by and large embrace him as the father of the state today . 
  because they wanted their independent republic , and he was the one who stepped up to deliver that . 
  i do n't like it . 
  as i said , i dislike him and his ideology . 
  karadzic was a hardline serb nationalist , mate boban was a hardline croat nationalist . 
  alija was one for the muslims . 
  no difference between any of them . 
  they just picked their own . 
   using that logic , i could say that arbih did n't have serbs and croats , but orthodox and catholic bosnians . 
  further more , the term `` bosniak '' replaced the term `` muslim '' ( in the ethnic sense ) only around the end of the war . 
  in retrospect , all three armies had members from different religons/ethnicity to a certain degree . 
  although : the percentage of serb and croat soldiers in the bosnian army was particularly high in sarajevo , mostar and tuzla [ pejanovi\u0107 , mirko ( 2004 ) . 
  through bosnian eyes : the political memoir of a bosnian serb ] . 
  it seems that this is an argument where no one will change opinions ( even though i agree with some points you make ) my friend . 
  i 'm getting tired of this . 
  no normandy ? 
  s\u00f6ta bror better step up their game . 
  all crimes should be exposed and the perpetrators judged and sentenced . 
  true , serbs were responsible for many war crimes during the war , but that is no excuse to ignore every serb and croat who was mercilessly slaughtered because of who they were . 
  evil has no nationality , they all have blood on their hands . 
   maybe they did , maybe they did n't . 
  the problem is , as the feuilleton points out and will point out in the ensuing instalments , that the same standards have not been applied to all of the indicted . 
  in the case of naser ori\u0107 , testimony and evidence of his guilt was clearly ignored . 
  to me , and to the majority of serbs , it seems that the serbs brought before the hague are guilty until proven innocent , while the opposite holds for musilms and croats , which is why the phrase `` innocent until proven a serb '' is so popular amongst serbs when talking about icty . 
  i understand where you 're coming from . 
  serbs certainly are overrepresented in the tribunal , which if unfortunate , but i almost get the feeling that you 're trying to prove that there 's some conspiracy against serbs in the hague . 
  all i can say is that if oric is guilty and evidence of this has been overlooked , then that 's a big problem that needs to be investigated and he needs to be judged . 
  my question is : why would icty have a bias against serbs ? 
   there can be no bosnia and herzegovina without serbs and croats , as they , along with muslims , are constitutive elements of bosnia and herzegovina , not just in the legal sense , but also politically , culturally , demographically and historically ; therefore , no legitimate decision can be made concerning bosnia and herzegovina without the consent of all three ethnicities : the constitutive peoples are the bearers of the state 's legitimacy . 
  it 's chaotic and stupid , but i agree . 
   because serbs did not consent to bosnia and herzegovina leaving yugoslavia , which they wanted to stay a part of fair point . 
   i , along with the vast majority of bosnian serbs , do n't recognize rbih as a legitimate country yugoslavia was a federation of republics . 
  the major population wanted to secede , they did , and were recognized by the international community . 
   so was yugoslavia , which serbs wanted to remain a part of . 
  so would have been the loose confederation between bih , serbia and montenegro , which the serbs advocated as a means to prevent war .
