  yeah , that 's why i was asking because of actually . 
  seemed weird they would leave out all the illyrian/thracian tribes . 
  you 've got these guys though https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vistula_veneti many consider them today to be slavs . 
  i 'd imagine there would n't be much information about ancient slavs . 
  the sources are sparse i believe . 
  so is this a map of tribes that are located * outside * of the roman empire 's borders ? 
  the empty areas are roman land then ? 
  asking since they left out most of the balkans/hispania/italy . 
  thank you . 
  it 's infuriating to listen to these idiots speak so highly of the turks and the ottoman empire . 
  yeah they 're real nice , destroyed our culture and state , kidnapped girls and boys , and turned us into a shithole , while the rest of europe was going through the renaissance and enlightenment . 
  these idiots can name more sultans of the ottomans than they can name our own kings . 
   this is a regular thing over there ? 
  why do they do it ? 
  to spite the serbs ? 
  no , because they genuinely want to . 
  one giant stockholm syndrome ... 
  yeah , we got idiots like mustafa ceric who in one second will proclaim turkey to be `` our mother '' ( fucking stupid ) and how much we are the same , and in the next show up to some event which commemorates an event in bosnian medieval history and act like he cares about anything pre-ottoman bosnia . 
  dude is a huge jackass and one of the biggest turkophiles . 
  they are trying to justify abandoning their culture and religion . 
  it 's just one giant stockholm syndrome example . 
  yeah , it 's a shame . 
   i seem to remember reading that bosnia pre-ottomans had its own church that both the catholic and orthodox church viewed as heretical which was one of the big reason why bosniaks were so easily compelled to convert . 
  like / u/getinthezone said , the bosnian church was a minority , atleast by the time the ottomans invaded . 
  the church did not have a policy of active proselytizing , while the catholic church gained more and more of a foothold in the population . 
  though , you are right , the conflict of influence between the bosnian church and the catholic church resulted in the bosnian people becoming more disillusioned with the catholic church because they thought it would result in more and more hungarian influence . 
   `` bosniak '' , `` macedonian '' the bosnian language has been a thing you know , since the middle ages . 
  and macedonian wtf ? 
  if anything it 's more similar to bulgarian ... 
  bosnian here . 
  i have a dislike for turkey . 
  i 'm sorry but i just do . 
  i do n't hate you guys really , i hate your influence on my country/people . 
  as a person with deep interest in my country 's history and culture pre-ottoman era , every time i hear another bosnian say shit like ; `` turkey/turks are our brothers '' , `` we love turkey '' , `` they liberated us from christianity '' . 
  i get embarrassed . 
  every time i read about some ottoman-pride festival in some some shit city in bosnia , with idiots dressed up in ottoman clothes , hijabs etc. 
  some jackasses learn some turkish phrases and put on a show for some turkish ambassador , i get embarrassed . 
  i 've heard bosnians insult serbs with , `` turks fucked you for 500 years , you chetnik !, 
  yea , so were we you turkophiliac piece of shit . 
  you destroyed our country , beheaded our king , drove countless people ( catholics for the most part since it was mostly a catholic population at that time ) into exile , and thanks to you we 've lost our original culture . 
  i hate how much turkey means to bosnians ( maybe more correctly , muslim bosnians . ), 
  in fact i hate how every ethnic group in bosnia has some `` big brother '' they think actually gives a shit about them . 
  muslims and turkey , serbs and russia , croats and . . germany/austria/hungary ( ? ) . 
  i find turkish culture interesting , i mean you gave us cevapi and burek , aswell as the bridge in mostar . 
  but i would gladly give up those things just to have us be free from your influence . 
  i wish you never set foot in the country and never brought your religion or culture . 
  but , the past is past . 
  never healthy to dwell on it too much . 
  i try not to . 
  edit : also , for some ungodly reason , muslims in bosnia go out and celebrate in the streets when turkey wins some sports match ? 
  just . . why ? 
  also , when erdogan starts talking some shit about how the president of bosnia left him the country so he could `` take care of it '' . 
  fuck you erdogan , keep your dirty hands off of us . 
  have n't been to budva , but visited herceg novi some time ago . 
  coastal towns in montenegro are goddamn sexy . 
  i saw the vice documentary about one of these in bosnia . 
  damn funny/idiotic how their normal neighbors who lived in the vicinity of this village just scoffed at them like `` they ai n't doing no harm , just leave 'em alone '' . 
  yeah right , no harm . 
  i hope the police are watching these bastards . 
  poor attempt at pseudo-historical nationalism . 
  nice photo though . 
  suddenly claiming to be mongolian is n't popular anymore ? 
  awesome !, 
  i love finding cool stuff on / r/documentaries , and now i get to do that here !, 
  was dissapointed we did n't get to see the kurds kick the shit out of those ugly cunts . 
  pretty damn popular , both female and male . 
  i forgot . 
  you guys have an entire cult dedicated to bill clinton, 
  this thread is already pretty shit . 
  serbs love russia , croats love germany , muslims love turkey . 
  such is life in former yugoslavia ... 
   the left is acting like immigration has no impact on a society and everyone who says otherwise is a racist . 
   the right is often racist and implies that all immigrants are parasites and rapist . 
  this !, 
  this is why i 'm so torn up on this issue . 
  it 's either be : an idiot who 's totally oblivious to the consequences of large scale immigration , or a racist idiot who calls people rats or cockroaches . 
  no parent want to hear their child is a murderer . 
  truth is hard to accept . 
  yes , denial is bad . 
  but how would you react ? 
  i do n't particularly like islam either , but i never judge anyone before i meet them . 
  that 's just retarded . 
  everything that deserved criticism , should be criticized . 
   most people do n't like dogs how do you know ? 
   led to creation of bosnian church that was fighting against both rome and orthodox christians there are actually many instances were bosnian christians traded and cooperated with the catholics in croatia and ragusa , and orthodox christians in hum . 
  wrong . 
  bosnians were christians long time before the pope even considered waging a crusade against bosnia . 
  and the reason for the crusades could have been for political reasons , not religious . 
  why ? 
  because bosnia used to be a part of the kingdom of hungary . 
  when bosnia became more and more independent and started distancing themselves for the hungarian crown , naturally the hungarians were salty because for this . 
  so , knowing that the christianity of the bosnians were a bit different from mainstream catholicism , the incited the pope to call for crusade . 
  also , the whole `` bogomil '' theory is not even supported . 
  do you know what being bogomil means ? 
  bogomils were gnostics and dualist . 
  that means : - denying the trinity ( bosnian christians believed in the trinity , many documents written by bosnian lords opens with `` in the name of the father , son , and holy ghost ) . 
  - believing in god and satan as equally powerful , with satan being the creator and lord of materialist world . 
  there is not mention of bosnians ever believing this especially since they also refer to god as all powerful in various documents . 
  - no worship of saints . 
  ( worship of different saints is recorded during that time in bosnia ) .
