  the medieval bosnians were probably not bogomils . 
  however , they were somewhat different from most christians during that time . 
  this is because of bosnia being very isolated in the early middle ages . 
  no contact with either rome or constantinople , meant that there were not much development in bosnian christianity at that time . 
  there were few people who knew latin and could not read the bible . 
  this lead to the bosnians mixing christianity with their own local mythology . 
  by the time the ottomans invaded , most had converted to proper catholicism . 
  source : * the bosnian church : a new interpretation : a study of the bosnian church and its place in state and society from the 13th to the 15th centuries *, 
  the sopranos have a really great episode about the colombus celebration and the conflicting views of colombus between italians americans and native americans . 
  i 've always been of the opinion that ; if the ottoman occupation did one thing good , it 's importing different cuisines . 
  burek and cevapi are my jam , yo . 
  http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/zakonnik-strazak-1974 fire monk - +5 fire resistance . 
  well of course he would say that , his greatest dream is seeing the country demolished . 
  fuck you dodik . 
  hopefully , one day , the country will be devoid of croatian and serbian separatists and muslim neo-ottoman-turkophiles , and join europe as a modern developed state . 
  well then fuck off to your precious serbia then . 
  people 7000 years ago had a different view on nudity/sexuality . 
  the statue is likely a fertility goddess , they 're often portrayed with `` fertile '' characteristics e.g large body and breasts . 
  i do n't really consider it vulgar , she 's just naked . 
  damn , that 's pretty cool !, 
  wtf are you talking about , where did i say mosques do n't matter ? 
  i like religious buildings and do n't celebrate when one is destroyed . 
  it 's a shame the balkans never managed to free themselves earlier . 
  centuries of being an ottoman colony . . and what did it get us ? 
  they cut us off from the rest of europe . 
  another work of art destroyed . . 
   and those blue areas in the balkans ? 
  the hapsburg empire . 
  you mean the original religion in that area ? 
  catholicism has been the majority there since way before the ottomans or hapsburgs . 
  they might not own own balkans ( yet ) , but they have their fair share of lunatic supporters . 
  like these : http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/bosnians-concerned-with-developments-in-turkey-07-18-2016, 
  fighting `` terrorists '' . 
  yeah , little children and unarmed men . 
  very brave of them . 
  they 're beacons of morality and heroism . 
  start a war for what ? 
  what exactly did they warns us about ? 
  how to best perform genocide ? 
  like what ? 
  hard to imagine this happened so recently , and in western/central europe no less . 
  who the fucks needs stand-up comedians when you 've got morons like these giving us endless laughs . 
  it really must suck for ordinary turks opposed to erdogan and his regime to just silently watch as their politicians , useful idiots , and their supporters make their country the laughing stock of europe . 
  pan-slavism is always ruined by russia . 
  some would say serbia in regards to south pan-slavism , though i 'm not sure about that . 
  man . . i 've had a crush on her since i saw that movie as a kid . 
  fuck ... that 's a dog :(, 
  the pot calling the kettle black . 
  erdogan , you 're an idiot . 
  wow , that 's pretty amazing . 
  interesting that they 've had such an impact . 
  looks more like a king . 
  coming down the mountain side, 
  fuck you erdogan . 
  you have no right to use the bosnian genocide as some tool for shitslinging at the netherlands . 
  why do n't you acknowledge the armenian , greek , and assyrian first , huh ? 
  fuck your neo-ottoman/islamist ass . 
  what the fuck ? 
  why the fuck would they do that ? 
  i hope they catch the motherfuckers who did this . 
  what the fuck ? 
  why the fuck would they do that ? 
  i hope they catch the motherfuckers who did this . 
  i 've never actually seen this in all my years of traveling in bosnia/croatia/montenegro . 
  maybe i 've just been ( un ) lucky . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  this what our ancestors looked like . 
   our forces fought very bravely for our people [ hah ... hahaha ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre ), 
  hopefully , one day it will be a modern , prosperous , european country on par with the rest of the civilized europe . 
  i hope i can one day take my future kids to a stable and united bosnia , not the trash it is today . 
  are stray dogs treated as well ? 
  i 've always heard cats are very beloved to people in istanbul ( or turkey as a whole ? 
  ) , but are dogs treated well ? 
  i remember seeing plenty of them laying on the grass area between hagia sophia and the blue mosque . 
  awww . . poor fella looks so scared . . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  rest in peace , ren\u00e9 . 
  that 's how they try to justify it . 
   today our republic stands tall like a proud falcon perched on the jagged peaks of the dinaric alps in spite of the seething rage of our enemies . 
  haha . 
  oh man , good luck to you , you nut . 
  * get off the road !!, 
  quick !!, 
   the gun jammed at this point . 
  he changed weapons from what the police identified as a 9mm pistol to a .45 calibre gun , and shot the girl in her temple at point-blank range . 
  jesus christ what the fuck ? 
  good job , this man 's a hero !, 
  what barbaric behavior . 
  this man and his companions gave up their lives to help three people , slaves even , whom they did not know . 
  truly a selfless act . 
  same goes for bosnia i believe . 
  at least that 's what i grew up with . 
  some people , man ... some people ... 
  yeah we had some snow last week . 
  not much , just enough for the streets to be white . 
  our dog freaked out , she loves snow . 
  most libraries have a ` religion ' aisle . 
  do n't see what the big fuss about this is . 
  religion is a subject by itself , ergo it 's stupid to put the bible/torah/whatever in the ` fiction ' aisle , instead of in ` religion ' . 
  gib clay,
