  now i 'm not saying some bosniaks today are n't descendant from serbs and croats , but we have no idea of what people in bosnia during the middle ages percieved themselves as . 
  we know they called themselvses `` bosnians '' , but what that means is not known . 
  also , i dont think bosnian muslims called themselves turks . 
   there are people in lebanon and syria that have been christian longer than any european people . 
  that is true , christianity did originate in the middle east , but christianity has been a vital component in the shaping of europe , and vice versa . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks for the help . 
  thank you . 
  it is : http://archives.hungaricana.hu/en/charters/75379/?query=wjel%3d%28%22jugoszl%c3%a1via%22%29 and http://archives.hungaricana.hu/en/charters/153116/?query=wjel%3d%28%22jugoszl%c3%a1via%22%29 good luck, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  the reason i 'm asking is because i found a document related to the bosnian kingdom in the library . 
  would 've been nice to see what it said . 
  is it all in hungarian , or latin ? 
  are there any translated documents ? 
  he 's a corrupt , retarded madman who want 's to be the new sultan of a new ottoman empire . 
  every single bosnian who loves this asshole , and who thinks this guy cares about bosnia , is a dumb fuck . 
  occupied and violated for 500 years , now we celebrate the turks like they 're saviors who `` liberated '' us . 
  fucking morons all of them . 
  i am not at the proper place to google that if it 's nsfw . 
  who exactly is she ? 
  hope the situation is handled soon and efficiently by the authorities . 
  macedonia is a very beautiful place , and if i 'm not wrong , one of the most stabilized countries of the former yu . 
  very good . 
  nice to see someone take an interest in our pre-ottoman culture . 
   people were posting allegations ( which now appear quite certainly to have been unsubstantiated ) , about how the officer may have been in some fashion involved with the ethnic cleansing or downright genocide of bosniaks how did this rumor even begin ? 
  where did they come up with this ? 
  there is a radicalization of muslims going on in bosnia , and bosniaks ignore it !, 
  `` they 're not harming anyone , they just like to live in their small village '' . 
  fuck that , you reap what you saw . 
  you let them carry on corrupting people and spread their bullshit , this is what you get . 
  fuck , i 'm fucking ashamed to be bosnian . 
  you can thank republika srpska for that . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  they 're our neighbors and we are pretty much the same people , along with croats . 
  but every ethnic group in balkan is so similar to each other , in culture , language , and mentality . 
  we are all just one big , unhappy family , who argues every time we meet . 
  the reaction and feelings of the christian population towards muslims did n't just spawn from nowhere . 
  i 'm not saying it 's good . 
  it 's horrible and should not have happened , but it happened for a reason . 
  centuries of being treated badly by the turks/muslims , especially the last two or three centuries when the empire started to crumble , led to a very hostile attitude towards turks , and by extension muslims . 
   i find it quite weird to be frank . 
  it is . 
  i 've come to the conclusion that bosnian muslims have no culture of their own . 
  everything comes from turkish . 
  if there every was any `` bosnian culture '' , it either vanished after our ancestors started converting , or was simply absorbed by the catholics and orthodox over the next centuries . 
  i 'm not quite sure what your question is , i apologize . 
  are you asking me why i said that , or why muslims in balkan glorify the turks ? 
  if it 's the latter , then by that i mean the way the ottoman empire is being portrayed by muslims , at least in bosnia ( not saying all muslims have this point ) , that the ottomans were so peaceful and progressive and all citizens in the empire were treated good . 
  kidnapping of children to be converted to islam ( although they did receive military training , and an education ) , making non-muslims second-class citizens , all kinds of restrictions on christians and jews , heavy taxes . 
  that 's some of the things christians and jews were being subjected to . 
  the ottoman empire should be viewed an an oppressive conquering state . 
  it oppressed the native christian population by making them second-class citizen and imposing rules and restrictions on them . 
  the local muslim lords were often cruel to the non-muslim population . 
  it disgusts me how muslims of balkan glorify the turks . 
  this is something i find so hypocritical about turkey . 
  they deny the armenian genocide , along with the greek and assyrian . 
  yet , they 're always vocal about the bosnian genocide where the number of deaths were far from what it was in the ones commited by turkey/ottoman empire . 
  i say this as a bosnian . 
  it baffles me how much we bosnians love turks and turkey . 
  we 're nothing but political tools they use to further their neo-ottomanism . 
  people make jokes about the holocaust and 9/11 all the time . 
  does n't make them supporters of genocide or terrorism . 
  i enjoy all the kebab jokes myself , but it 's important to keep it a just that , a joke . 
  this is not a joke . 
  it 's okay to be against a certain religion or culture if you want to , but to defend or excuse the srebrenica massacre or any other massacre for that matter , no matter who committed it or who was targeted , is not cool . 
  i like serbia and serbs , but there is no doubt that many view this massacre as a positive thing . 
  once you take one bite , you ca n't stop . 
  your food is the only good thing you brought . . 
   none of my comments has anything to do with territories or whatever . 
  sorry , i mistook you for another poster . 
   i did n't said albanian are the only one , i was just making a discussion about albanian origin since you were writing that albanians have no relation with illyrians . 
  the thing is that since it is not definitively proven , no one should use that argument that they are illyrians . 
  unfortunately , many albanians i have seen online like to claim illyrians as their own and only theirs , and making bogus claims to territory . 
  i do n't wa n't you to think i have anything against albanians , i just do n't like when people use incorrect , or non-proven theories as arguments . 
  if albanians are illyrians , thats fine . 
  but it should be proven , not assumed , and speculated . 
   yes of course , better read every 500pg book from were those arguments came from . 
  what ? 
   no man , your knowledge are incredibly low . 
  yeah okay , how ? 
   there are plenty , archeological , linguistic etc. 
  in most of the scholars books from ( 17th , 18th century ) sources ... my original point was , no definitive evidence = no right to claim illyrians as your own . 
  besides , balkan peoples share many of the same genes . 
  we are incredible alike , and if any illyrian traces remain , it would also exist beyond the borders of albania . 
  which means , that illyrians belong to the rest of us too , not just you guys . 
  in conclusion : this whole thing is incredible retarded , because even if you are descendant of illyrians , you cant use that as a claim to territory which is not yours . 
  you have no more claim to kosovo than serbs do , which was what the original discussion was about . 
  they weaken pro-arguments . 
  so again , no clear evidence of you being illyrian . 
  there 's a reason there is still a debate going about it : because they do n't have enough evidence . 
  there is incredible small information available about the illyrians . 
  * although the illyrian tribe of the albanoi and the place albanopolis could be located near kruj\u00eb , nothing proves a relation of this tribe to the albanians , whose name appears for the first time in the 11th century in byzantine sources . 
  source ( s ) : - madgearu a , gordon m . the wars of the balkan peninsula . 
  rowman & littlefield , 2007 . p. 146 * according to linguist vladimir i. georgiev , the theory of an illyrian origin for the albanians is weakened by a lack of any albanian names before the 12th century and the relative absence of greek influence that would surely be present if the albanians inhabited their homeland continuously since ancient times . 
  source ( s ) : - turnock , david . 
  the making of eastern europe , from the earliest times to 1815 . 
  taylor and francis , 1988 . p. 137 * there is a lack of clear archaeological evidence for a continuous settlement of an albanian-speaking population since illyrian times . 
  for example , while albanians scholars maintain that the komani-kruja burial sites support the illyrian-albanian continuity theory , most scholars reject this and consider that the remains indicate a population of romanized illyrians who spoke a romance language . 
  source ( s ) : - wilkes , j. j. 
  the illyrians .
