  yugoslavia should n't have broken up . 
  that is something i agree with . 
  it should n't have broken up , but it did , because the majority in croatia , slovenia and bosnia wanted independence . 
  the war may have broken out over many different factors , but the serbs initiated it . 
   bringing swaths of mujahedin from the middle east to help your war efforts and receiving funds from people close to al qaeda , does n't really scream multiculturalism , and it is what the bosnian government did . 
  those wackos coming to bosnia should never have happened . 
  their legacy is one of destruction and violence still seen today . 
  but your argument is poor , consider the vrs recieved much help and volunteers from foreign nations like the russians and the greeks . 
   but is it a surprise , considering that at the top of the bosnian government stood the writer of the islamic declaration ? 
  if you read the declaration , you 'd see that it , too , does n't scream `` multi-ethnic democracy '' , with it advocating sharia and the best ways to achieve it etc. 
  i hate izetbegovic and his poisonous retarded political party he created and that retarded son of his . 
  i do n't have much to say here other than , izetbegovic might have been the president , but that does n't mean he was accepted by everyone . 
  people wanted an independent bosnia , not an islamic clero-fascist republic . 
  and in relation to that shitty declaration of his . 
  as far as i know it never mentions bosnia or anything related to it . 
   there was a number of muslims in vojska republike srpske , too . 
  there was even an entire muslim unit called `` me\u0161a selimovi\u0107 '' . 
  arbih had bosniaks , croats and serbs . 
  what vrs had was serbian muslims . 
   this is not about a competition . 
  the problem is that the same standard has not been applied to all sides of the war . 
  while almost all indicted serbs are bound to be convicted by icty , men like naser ori\u0107 walk free . 
  maybe because the vrs and the serb paramilitaries actually did commit more war crimes than the rest , which is why they are highly represented ? 
   it was the muslim army , not the army of entire bosnia and herzegovina . 
  both serbs and croats denounced the army , and it thus had no legitimacy to call itself the army of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  the bosnian army was the official army of rbih , an internationally recognized state . 
  i do n't see how it 's `` so-called '' . . just because the serbs did n't recognize it , does make it less official . 
  bosnia was supposed to be a multi-ethnic state , the army included . 
  and if i 'm not wrong , there were serbs and croats who were part of the army . 
  also , the croats were in favor of independence ( up until the moment they turned ) . 
  everyone suffered during the war . 
  if you travel around the country and talk to people , you 'll probably find many instances of terrible war crimes commited by each army . 
  everyone involved in the breach of human rights , and war crimes , should be held accountable and judged . 
  i do n't give a shit anymore how many died on either side . 
  this competition of who has the biggest pile of corpses is just shameful . 
  oric , mladic , kordic etc. 
  they 're all vicious criminals and murderers . 
  fuck them all and anyone who supports them . 
   so-called army of republic of bosnia and herzegovina what exactly does this mean ? 
  welp , i guess it 's time to send in the hajduks and uskoks to remove some kebab . 
  for real though , this is just heartbreaking . 
  i honestly do n't know what to say anymore when i hear news like this . 
  i love romania for it 's many great historical persons . 
  people like michael the brave , stephen the great , and vlad dracul ( who was a psycho , but also a pretty important individual in the fight against the ottomans . 
  you also many beautiful churches , especially the fortified ones . 
  well , as a person from bosnia i feel very connected to croatia . 
  this is mostly because of history , as bosnia and croatia during medieval ages were very intertwined . 
  but serbia and montenegro are also included . 
  you know , since we 're all so alike . 
  but generally i like to call myself a balkanian , and i view the entire balkan ( including romania and slovenia ) as my home , and the people there as `` my people '' , even though some of us may speak different languages and belong to different religions , i still think we are connected by heritage , culture and mentality . 
  the mediterranean horror . 
  this guy thompson is a big nationalist . 
  claims he 's not a nazi , yet does n't mind all the people showing up to his concerts wearing full-on ustashe garb and symbols . 
  oh look , it 's seselj , who 'd have thunk it ? 
  you are as delusional as you are retarded . 
  you realize that even serbia was a nazi puppet state , and the chetniks ( i assume they are your heroes ) frequently collaborated with the germans and italian fascist . 
  you know , in addition to being completely fascists themselves . 
   feel that serbs are most pathetic and brainwashed nation . 
  not cool man . 
  many serbs are decent human beings with the ability to think critically . 
  there are probably many out there who opposed the war . 
  degenerate fucking hooligans . 
  is there anything these days that does n't `` insult '' that dickface ? 
  this is infuriating to hear , but not surprising . 
  ljubljana and krakow . 
  i love eastern/central european cities . 
  oslo , really ? 
  oslo is generally viewed as the worst looking city in norway in my experience . 
  apart from a few old places ( royal palace ) , it 's just a very bland and boring city . 
  i agree , fuck salafists . 
  jesus christ people are idiots !, 
  looks like everyone is a fucking criminal investigator . 
  the guy was mentally ill . 
  the police have come out and said that . 
  he had no terrorist or extremist affiliations . 
  yet for some fucking reason everyone is accusing him of being a fucking warrior who deliberately mowed those people down in the name of his religion . 
  he was disturbed . 
  what he did was horrible , and it kills me that these three people , which included a young boy , has had their lives ended . 
  it also upsets me that he is from bosnia , because now it looks like everyone is blaming all of us . 
  i say this again : he was mentally ill . just because he came from a muslim background , does not make him , or his motives religious . 
  sometimes , people do horrible things because they 're not mentally healthy . 
  not everything has some higher purpose . 
  based bulgaria !, 
  anyway , pretty awesome statue . 
  the bulgarian empire ( s ) is definitely one of the most fascinating historic states i 've ever read about . 
  so are only people of turkish ethnicity allowed to vote ? 
  im asking because erdogan has been busy traveling around the balkans fishing for votes , and i dont think there are that many turks still living there . 
  i 'm pretty sure that intolerance goes both ways . 
  i 'd still stick my dick in between there . 
  while wearing blindfold , but still . 
  jesus christ , the flying guy never fails to crack me up . 
  the sudden outburst , the yelling , the rolling around , and then casually getting up and back to the seat . 
  it 's a classic i tell you , a classic !, 
  the irony lol . 
  kosovo is a dangerous place if you 're a serb . 
  very dissapointed . 
  looks like they want to start ethnic conflicts . 
  i hope this is not a sentiment shared by all albanians in the region . 
  in a way , he is right , he just says it in a standard serbian nationalistic way . 
  bosniaks are descendants of people who converted to islam during the ottoman empire .
