  how is it propaganda to point out that hamas forces aid organisations to become complicit in their campaign to shoot rockets at israeli civilians ? 
  or the fact that they force civilians to allow rockets to be fired from their homes and in one documented instance have shot a man trying to stop them from firing rockets from his property ? 
  i want palestinians to live in peace and i would love if it were possible to get rid of the west-bank settlements . 
  but hamas is not la resistance and the fact you would think so is disturbing . 
  but apparently i 'm `` scum '' . 
  they do n't care about the sectarian violence in iraq or syria or egypt where the death toll is much higher . 
  ah yes , israel are nazis , thanks for walking right into my anti-semitism trap-card ... top kek !, 
  i 'm not , please point me to where i said anything of the sort . 
  what about the palestinian who was killed when he tried to stop hamas from setting up a launch site near his house ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qassam_rocket#palestinian_reaction what about my palestinian friend who had to flee gaza because he was involved in an anti-hamas protest and who has had multiple death threats against him ? 
  what 's happening in gaza is bad , but do n't act like hamas is innocent and this is israels fault . 
  and again , why are the dead palestinians so much more important than the far greater number of syrians killed at the same time . 
  where is your outrage there ? 
  as are yours !, 
  oh and just googling human shield hamas would help open your eyes to the realities : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_shield edit : oh , forgot this goodie !, 
  hamas also hides rockets in un schools : http://www.unrwa.org/newsroom/press-releases/unrwa-strongly-condemns-placement-rockets-school i 'm sure you 'll reply with something that highlights the cognitive dissonance some more . 
  israel initiated the retaliation ? 
  are you seriously dense ? 
  and hamas * deliberately * shoots rockets from civilian buildings , they * want * high collateral damage numbers . 
  that 's there modus operandi and has been . 
  and if you were n't aware , hamas actively put people around facilities as human shields to make sure there is lots of collateral damage , do n't come with the same old high population density trope . 
  it 's hardly applicable if there are efforts made by hamas to always have collateral damage . 
  if you have n't been to / r/worldnews , they are creaming themselves with how they can pretend to care about palestinians . 
  your assertion that ethnic cleansing against muslims is somehow ignored is also completely wrong . 
  because apparently now that it 's ok to hate israel again , palestinian children are what everyone cares about . 
  wrong . 
  most people being oppressed and killed in the middle east are muslims , it just so happens that they are being oppressed and killed by other muslims . 
  the oppression and killing that goes on against jews and christians is there , but by far not as concerted and bitter as the shia/sunni ethnic cleansing going on in iraq . 
  his language is terrible , agreed . 
  anytime someone uses the blanket classification as `` savages '' i fucking cringe . 
  but there is an extremely weird pan-muslim tribalism that cawn be insidious and make integration much much harder . 
  2nd and 3rd generation turkish people in germany are suddenly becoming more turkish than their parents , with erdogan doing stump speeches in germany , how is that a good development ? 
  i have neither tolerance for the anti-semite rioters nor for the anti-semite palestinian concern trolls nor for the hardcore zionist pro-settlement hardliners . 
  it 's sad that the islamophobes make it impossible to reasonably discuss the fact that a maybe 5-10 % slice of the muslim immigrant population in european countries ( some more than others ) actively trys to undermine parts of the society they immigrated to . 
  i 'm confused now . 
  is n't it cool on reddit to deny the holocaust and openly hate israel and jews as long as you call it zionism ? 
  the fact that hamas also kills plenty of palestinians for `` collaboration '' also seems to be lost on a lot of people . 
  also , people care when muslims are killed , as long as it makes israel look like the monster they believe it to be . 
  there is a ton of unwarranted tribalism with muslims , do n't try to deny that . 
  the fact that isis fuels sectarian violence also against muslim is no secret . 
  massacre of palestine ? 
  so it was not hamas who unilaterally broke multiple cease fire agreements by firing rockets from apartment buildings ? 
  are we talking about the same gaza strip ? 
  both sides are guilty in the continuation of violence , but that does n't mean they are equally guilty . 
  israel does n't send children to blow themselves up in palestinian busses , nor does it hide it 's military leaders in a synagogue with women and children positioned around it as human shields . 
  it 's not the wrong question to ask . 
  there is a lot of regulation in the taxi business so that we do n't have things like gypsy cabs in ny . 
  we also have all taxis in a recognizable color so that you can spot them easily and so that they stand out . 
  your argument is not very convincing if all you say is that it 's unncessary . 
  in hamburg all taxis are beige as well . 
  why do you think it 's bad that the taxis all have to have that color ? 
  also , not all are painted , you can have a removable foil that can be taken off at the end of the service life , though i do n't now how frequent that is, 
  oh look , a brit not understanding how coalitions work who displays complete lack of familiarity with a multi-party parliamentary system !, 
  did you know that angela merkel was also never directly elected ? 
  they got the candidate through even with britain voting no , additionally the terms were clear from the beginning . 
  losing in a democratic election and not having your shitfit recognized is not being strong armed . 
  or maybe britain needs to learn that in diplomacy and politics actions have consequences . 
  people are responding to british concerns , but that does n't mean they are ignoring camerons strongarm tactics . 
  extremely lackluster article though . 
  i 'd love to read a bit more in detail about it . 
  as is , it 's not that interesting . 
  not op , but i have this account only a few days and it 's actually my fourth account . 
  i just like to delete them after a year or so . 
  fuck off back to / pol / where simplistic rambling and being edgy is their raison d'etre . 
  i have an open pit mine pretty close to where i live ( like half an hour or so on the autobahn ) and when you see it driving by it 's extremely impressive . 
  the fact that giant machines like the infamous bagger 288 look like toys in these holes can give you a sense of scale :d, 
  speaking of which , is n't l'auberge espagnole the greatest european student film ever ? 
  who has n't met confused erasmus students lost in the city after their first pub crawl ? 
  i love that movie so much , since it captures university life so much better than the typical `` college '' stuff you see in american movies . 
  there is room for dissent but there is also room for that dissent to be overruled . 
  the shah was not solely the result of us scheming but primarily of internal iranian power struggles , even if conspiratards like to claim the opposite . 
  the us definitely played a role , but it was n't in a vacuum that the coup happened . 
  i live in aachen and my gf is moving to the netherlands soon , so i 'm happy for this as well . 
  let 's hope that calls to foreign networks get cheaper as well , 
   it 's not so much an idealisation of the past as it is a rejection of modernity and an acknowledgement that the past was more sane and more stable in terms of culture and ideology . 
  de does n't seek universal solutions or pretend to have them ( unlike universalist secular humanism ) , it 's merely pointing out deficiencies - and there are a lot more in modernity than there were in classical political systems . 
  first of all , this reeks of bad history and is vested more in gut-feeling and the aforementioned romanticism than any historical fact . 
  i 'd really like to see a few specific examples of how you feel this eternal september of western civilization is getting worse . 
  regarding the other points : i have no idea what trannygate is supposed to be or what happened in idaho in particular . 
  true regarding libertarians , however neo-reactionary theory relies primarily on bad science , historical cherry picking and attracts usually a similar crowd to the libertarians . 
  i 'm not going into the romantical idealization of lost glory that is the hallmark of people like evola or d'annunzio . 
  the `` wisdom of the crowds '' can fail spectacularly , but it 's right more often than you 'd think and this fact has been known for quite some time : http://galton.org/essays/1900-1911/galton-1907-vox-populi.pdf, 
  yo 've lately gone full-tilt dark enlightenment have n't you ? 
  and you 're complaining about autistic libertarians , that 's rich ... 
  as has been mentioned they catch tailgaters but a lot of them are also actually tolling stations for trucks . 
  hamburg is bigger i think, 
  dude , just admit you 're wrong and do n't pretend like creature when referring to a person is n't used to dehumanize them . 
  you 're just being an obnoxious little shit right now . 
  some swedish friends of mine were completely oblivious to the atrocities commited by swedes during the 30 years war . 
  they did n't believe me that there was something called the `` schwedentrunk '' ( swedish drink ) , which meant getting a funnel or similar pressed into your mouth and then being forced to `` drink '' manure until your stomach burst . 
  fun times !, 
  edit : also if it was n't clear , i do n't think this is a big problem . 
  history is long , complex and there is only so much you can learn . 
  i just thought it 's interesting that this facet was n't known to them . 
  especially because of the image of tolerant and rather pacifist sweden today  you can read about their creativity in the art of torture here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwedentrunk, 
  you forgot to mention that they shot them one by one , with the rest of them standing there , hands tied behind their backs , seeing the guy before them being shot in the back , then they have to step forward because it 's their turn . 
  this is so completely fucked ... 
  seriously , i ca n't repeat enough how much i loved portugal when i went there for the first time last summer . 
  lisbon , porto , coimbra , the algarve . 
  it was absolutely fantastic .
