i 'm not really sure if you posess the self-awareness to see who is throwing the tantrum, 
  lol , so your comment was the definitive be all , end all ? 
  expanding on it further was somehow uppity of me ? 
  i do apologize profusely , i did n't want to cause the rupture of an artery in some backwater belgian basement , 
  you seem overly salty over me pointing out that the netherlands leaving the eu would be a boon to hamburg and bremerhaven . 
  why are you so focussed on the fact that i also mentioned that antwerp is in belgium ? 
  does it make you feel insecure ? 
  or do you generally just like to be an abrasive person ? 
  lol ok buddy , calm your tits and try not to insult random people too much , 
  because your comment could be read as to imply that antwerp is in the netherlands , just wanted to point out that it is n't and that it might actually benefit from a dutch eu withdrawal . 
  well , i 'm sure bremerhaven and hamburg would be thrilled to have the netherlands leave the eu . 
  also antwerp is in belgium and are currently the second biggest harbor in the eu . 
  oy vey , it 's like another shoah !, 
  is a popular anti-semitic / pol / copypasta . 
  in general using oy vey has become very popular among white supremacists and neo-nazis , that 's probably why his alarms went off . 
  there are tons of asians in germany and they are very well integrated . 
  i have a couple of asian friends and never noticed anything like that . 
  i also do n't know of any stereotypes about asians that are particularly pervasive or harsh . 
  it 's also not the case that women do n't find asian men attractive . 
  anecdote : there was a duded in my school a grade below me who was chinese and a bit infamous as a manwhore . 
  so his asianness at least did n't hinder his success with women . 
  regarding the name : some asians give themselves an english or german name , but seriously , do n't bother . 
  people will like you regardless of your name . 
  the only thing you might have to get used to though is people not knowing what gender you are solely by reading your korean name . 
  nice white supremacist copy pasta . 
  go back to / pol /, 
  russia is pretty backward . 
  i do n't know what 's to argue there . 
  my girlfriend lives near it and we 've been a couple of times already , the stalls are great ( we bought some fantastic french salamis there ) and the outside markets are also really fun . 
  i understand why it 's so popular !, 
  love your efforts with the bilingual posts . 
  makes it easy for me to read some french which i do n't get to practice often enough , 
  great point you make about primary energy use . 
  this is the most important metric in this regard , not how much of a certain primary fuel is used for electricity generation . 
  i sense a saltyness that might not be just the marsh air . 
  i understand however , that it can be hard to be in the shadow of the `` tor zur welt ''  but as long as you let us use sylt , i think all is well in the north, 
  well a regional parliament with more and more authority seems federal to me, 
  that 's a good way of looking at it !, 
  middle of the us as in minnesota ? 
  i love the fact that you can totally see the swedish inflection still present in the accent when you watch fargo ( series and movie both ) . 
  i love the netherlands , part of my family is dutch and i recently moved to aachen and my gf to rotterdam , so i 'm there often . 
  i think it 's similar , sure , but actually way more different than you would expect . 
  dutch identity is decidedly different from the german one . 
  it reminds me of portugal/spain . 
  i went to portugal this summer for the first time and i absolutely loved it !, 
  but i had no idea about how portugal would actually be in terms of culture , architecture , cuisine , etc. 
  i basically thought it was a poorer spain ( insensitive , i know , but i just had absolutely no idea about portugal ) . 
  turns out the two cultures are very very distinct and portugal is absolutely amazing . 
  i think for outsiders , germany , austria and the netherlands seem way more similar than they actually are if you go there . 
  i love the awesome amount of 19th-early 20th century jugendstil architecture in prague . 
  prague is the embodiment of a central european city ( in the best possible way ! ) . 
  it reminds me of what germany could have looked like without the war . 
  the problem in the uk has always been that they ca n't decide whether they want to be a centralist state like france or a truly federal one like germany . 
  it is way too lopsided in terms of economic and political influence of `` the city '' to keep a truly equal federal union stable and yet the regional ( national ) identities are strong and vibrant . 
  they are also partly defined in contrast to the standard english identity that has dominated politically for hundreds of years . 
  there is a case to be made for the union , but that does not mean that scottish independence is stupid . 
  ironically , i think the blustering anti-eu attitude of many british politicians only strengthened the separatist vote in scotland . 
  i definitely think you 're right , but books like that are still important even if they only get modest sales . 
  you see the state of public discourse reflected in them and they are useful for shoring up the base . 
  these same kind of books can be found everywhere , only maybe not so super blatant . 
  bavarian and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg independence are absolutely joke ideas , especially considering that the swabians and the badenser in b-w really do n't like each other ( in a mostly jokey way , but still ) . 
  after the experiences of germany in the past , absolutely no one wants to split . 
  regarding mines , i always loved vehicles like the german `` keiler '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60iflpbmdw0 so badass and pretty cool concept !, 
  and they 're fast at clearing lanes for an advance to boot, 
  what was the point of your sarcasm then ? 
  i 'm not changing the topic i 'm pointing out that you have your jimmies rustled and go totally off the rails when people point out that russia is sometimes pretty fucked up . 
  one example is how it 's police force managed to kill hundreds of hostages on multiple occasions . 
  a classic german one called `` bier her '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox-gf7t4qkm and a hilarious video regarding fictitious `` biermusik '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhihriyfkpu, 
  lol are you retarded ? 
  autocrats are autocrats everywhere . 
  do n't think you 're special and do n't act so butthurt because you have a repressive police force . 
  that happens in a lot of countries . 
  it 's not some anti-russian conspiracy that people point out some glaring flaws in the russian political system . 
  i wonder what putin would say to hypothetical calls that k\u00f6nigsberg was always german  that 's a more related case than danzig which ca n't really be compared as a free city ( similar to hamburg , which was independent from other german states until the foundation of the german empire in 1871 ) . 
  well a lot of western polish towns originally had only german names . 
  my grandparents are from gogolin near breslau and when i visited there a few years ago it was very sad to see all the german names scratched out of the tombstones of my great-grandparents and such . 
  but all of that is comparatively harmless to the complete eradication of history that happened in k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  i read about that a little bit in the last few days and it 's really a tragedy what happened to east prussia . 
  it does n't matter whose territory it ultimately is , but forced relocations and russification completely robbed that area of its heritage . 
  russian anti-terror incidents have a tendency to have incredibly high hostage death tolls , maybe because the russian government sometimes decides to just gas everyone to death ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_theater_hostage_crisis and in beslan there are very credible allegations that special forces were n't really too discerning when finding people to shoot . 
  ideology has always been a crutch more than a motivation . 
  look at china , look at the reforms in the soviet union . 
  ideology got thrown out the window quickly when it became inconvenient . 
  you do n't need it when you have a cult of personality like the one putin is creating around himself . 
  thank god you do n't make policy decisions then !, 
  i do n't know about you but when i see someone in a facemask or with a balaclava i definitely feel uneasy . 
  the point is that it 's hilarious to hear americans complain about laws and a culture they have barely any understanding of . 
  this is not treating everybody like they have a gun . 
  this means that society assumes that people should be open about their identity in a public setting and not actively hide it like a full face veil or a balaclava . 
  of course , a lot of instances are excused . 
  nobody is removing your scarf when it 's cold . 
  nobody rips of your helmet on the motorcycle , or your mask on a construction site . 
  but when you wear an item with the sole intention of obscuring your identity that is illegal in some countries , including belgium and germany . 
  can you be any more stereotypically american ? 
  what 's the point of your fucking freedom of speech when you go and arrest journalists whenever they want to report about what 's going on in ferguson ? 
  i 'll look for a compilation of his movies in french , that will be great exercise for my french !, 
  now i 'm wondering about the etymology even more ... 
  last time peace was even a real possibility it was arafat who sunk that ship . 
  the palestinian political elite is the biggest profiteer of the tragedy in gaza .
