  also the food is amazing . 
  i ca n't recommend it enough . 
  amalfi is also particularly narrow , even though it 's also exceedingly beautiful . 
  but seriously , driving there is frightening . 
  the hypocrisy of sch\u00e4uble who threw the ecu under the bus to make the politically expedient move to grossly overvalue the ostmark for reunification is mind-boggling . 
  way to misunderstand my post , numbnuts, 
  lol this is such a typical stormfront diversion : pointing out racism is racist . 
  saying that maybe one should take a comment with a grain of salt when the poster is known to hold certain views is now an ad-hominem . 
  do you not feel pathetically dumb for your comment ? 
  also , all you post about is immigration and the evil muslims overrunning sweden ... 
  lol it 's pretty fucking topical that the dude congratulating the immigration posts is actually just a racist fuck from the us . 
  you do n't understand how fallacies work , do you ? 
  but those ideas spread regardless and the code napoleon changed the lives of many people for the better . 
  and napoleon was not a republican , but an emperor . 
  because that period signifies a restoration of sovereign aristocratic prerogatives and a concerted pushback against republican ideals . 
  the idea of a german nation did n't start to take shape until after the napoleonic wars . 
  at least not in a form that we would recognize today . 
  so the name does n't have anything to do with german nationalism per se , but more with a reassertion of authority, 
  seriously though , waterloo was a watershed moment for european history , it led to the vienna congress , the restauration ( as we call it in germany ) , it created the seeds for a lot of what would happen in the 19th century , including vastly increased prussian influence . 
  napoleons armies shaped modern europe . 
  they brought with them french ideals of nationalism and the revolutionary ideals . 
  commemorating that does n't diminish anything . 
  it 's not like we commemorate the franco prussian war , but instead the end of a series of wars that marked an epochal shift in european politics , identities , and ideals . 
  in light of this , complaining about it seems so petty . 
  merkel and previous chancellors are always in france for d-day commemorations and no one bitches about it in germany . 
  just wanted to let you know that i visited your country for the first time last year and i loved everything about it !, 
  that is bullshit , you are simplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything to the discussion . 
  making up words does n't give your argument any weight . 
  they are n't used as museums , they are used by the navy as training vessels and are regularly at sea . 
  fair enough . 
  but in this case i see a lot of reasonable comments about cyprus being upvoted despite the fact that this thread is about turkish atrocities in the armenian genocide . 
  i think that shows tremendous restraint !, 
  downvoted because you 're preemptively complaining about downvotes . 
  stand by your point , it was actually good . 
  why not leave out the self-pity in your perfectly reasonable comment ? 
  is it an ad hominem when it 's true and also hilarious ? 
  they 're clear on what they 're really thinking in their posts in / r/coontown and / r/european and / r/whiterights and / r/new _ right and all the other cesspits we have here on reddit . 
  they calm down their comments for / r/europe but go to / r/antipozi where op also likes to post and you see their true colors . 
  the reason you do n't see any is because you do n't want to see them, 
  the thing is . 
  i agree completely , i personally think that immigration reform in europe is necessary and that includes accepting the fact that more countries are becoming targets of immigration from developed and developing nations as well as refugees . 
  but when i see the vitriol , uninformed hatred and sheer bigotry being peddled , i can only reflexively be pro-immigration , because reading these people makes me want to scrub my soul clean afterwards . 
  clearly those are the only two options i have . 
  i am actually contributing to european culture unlike an imbecilic uneducated pleb like you . 
  this is a pretty prime example of a post that makes me dislike this subreddit . 
  it 's clearly targeted by racist right-wingers as can be seen by a small look at ops comment history which includes gems such as / r/darkenlightenment / r/antipozi / r/srssucks / r/european and / r/coontown . 
  no wonder this sub was mentioned as a fertile recruiting ground in a stormfront post recently . 
  edit : and pointing this out gets you downvoted . 
  i just went back to subreddits i enjoy more and get rid of more and more defaults, 
  ok then, 
  sorry , i lost my sense of humor reading a few threads here . 
  what a hilariously dumb comparison . 
  this is not fascist but you guys do n't want to actually try to understand the laws that are in place , it 's just impotent little internet rage to try to get people riled up . 
  do n't bother . 
  i just unsubscribed from / r/europe because while the mods try , it 's impossible to have an argument when the place is so openly brigaded by / r/european and / pol / and others . 
  people are pretending like `` oh , the germans are afriad to criticize their government , free speech , free speech '' . 
  but if you try to be reasonable and discuss the actual facts of the events here you get downvoted by racists . 
  some free speech lovers they are . 
  a short glance at the comment history shows that all he posts about is criminal refugees ruining europe . 
  my default assumption is that everbody on / pol / is a pathetic loser tbh, 
  that 's the point . 
  productivity of capital was extremely low before and the soviets were able to raidly improve it by forcing investments in capital which simultaneously improved labor productivity as well . 
  this allowed them to reap a decades long phase of economic expansion which was unparalleled by any western countries , therefore leading to fears that this expansion was inexorable and would continue unabated . 
  however , once the benefits from this capitalisation of the economy were exhausted and `` cheap '' factor productivity improvements were unavailable the system became harder to sustain . 
  the reason i discussed this with my professor was because we had a discussion about parallels to the chinese growth story and its recent slowdown , where a similar shift took place , albeit less directed than in the ussr . 
  however , earlier programs in china aimed at the same thing proved disastrous , especially the great leap forward , which was supposed to be exactly such a program of rapid industrialization and therefore icnreased productivity, 
  dude , i 'm a phd student in energy economics and macroeconomics and i talked about this with a professor at lse this summer when we were discussing factor productivity improvements and forecasting . 
  so it 's not all lies and forged statistics , productivity in the ussr really did grow incredibly from 1918 to about ~ 1965 when growth markedly slowed down . 
  it has to do with the improvements to capitals factor productivity that were made possible by industrialization plans and other reallocations within the ussr economy . 
  and how is `` an american engineer in stalin 's russia '' an `` apt '' title ? 
  i do n't think you know what that word means . 
  moved nowhere is quite a stretch when up until the early to late sixties soviet output grew more than almost all western countries percentage wise . 
  in fact , if you find older economics books from around the sixties the possibility that the ussr will be the biggest economy is widely seen as plausible , in fact people went so far as to seriously discuss whether planned economies ' disadvantages were outweighed by their advantages . 
  the pretense that the ussr was doomed from the start and everybody could see that is incredibly myopic and belies a very shallow udnerstanding of history . 
  you 're both right , but i think the perspective of sarkat11 has the important additional point that at the time of the robbery one of the guys had a serious fear of being robbed himself without a chance of even making a fight of it . 
  but that stretches the metaphor beyond what it was supposed to do . 
  i just think that stalin was an opportunist in that regard and was always wary of hitlers intentions . 
  but there was never a strong alliance like there was between nazi germany and the other axis powers . 
  i do n't want to defend stalin here , the guy was a monster , but the nichtangriffspakt presented a strategic out for him at a time where he thought himself particularly vulnerable that even allowed him to project strength . 
  interestingly a lot of arab terrorism in the 50s-70s was actually also far more founded in left-wing extremism as opposed to the modern islamist wahhabism we see now . 
  i liked your comment but i think it is an oversimplification to say that the ideological spectrum of the left collapsed on itself . 
  i rather think that some of the ideas were absorbed into mainstream western political thought , particularly in europe where the left-wing was always more potent than in the us , were this ahppened to a far smaller extent . 
  there are plenty of real life implementation of socialist and communist ideals and ideas in european countries that are realistic and sustainable , but they do not seem `` foreign '' anymore but are part of an integrated system that is mostly based on a regulated capitalist exchange of goods instead of a planned economy, 
  the `` deutscher herbst '' ( german autumn ) was a pretty big wave of ultra-leftist terrorism in germany in 1977 with the kidnapping and murder of hanns martin schleyer , the landshut highjacking and the suicides of raf members in prison . 
  in general , political terrorism was a lot more prevalent and widespread in the 60s and 70s than it is now . 
   now , i get it : in this germany saw a chance to quickly and easily bulk up on a cheap labour force . 
  the german economy is manpower-hungry and immigrants tend to be willing to work harder for less money than natives might . 
  the children and grandchildren of these immigrants , if properly managed , will become a productive source of labour . 
  germany 's apparently had her fill now : there 's enough , now . 
  this is so patently wrong and bad economics i do n't even know where to begin . 
  it ignores not only the economic realities presented by labor theory and present in the labor market in germany , it also ignores the structure of hiring practices in germany , the legal framework ultimately allowing asylum seekers to enter the labor force and existing collective mandatory contracts . 
  i am not surprised that it is upvoted though because it is obvious pandering and easy to get away with , after all , it 's just four quick sentences that would require like 100 times as much space to refute to the satisfaction of others . 
  https://cpj.org/blog/2015/07/new-hurdles-for-hungarys-press-as-orban-restricts-.php https://freedomhouse.org/blog/press-freedom-loser-viktor-orb%c3%a1n%e2%80%99s-winner-take-all-hungary http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-01-22/power-hungary-viktor-orban-europe-s-new-strongman http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/moment/2014/10/viktor_orban_s_authoritarian_rule_the_hungarian_prime_minister_is_destroying.html yeah articles like this about merkel are super commonplace as well / s you 're just purposefully ignorant here apparentyl, 
  and does everything to try and curb democratic rights after he got in power . 
  what ? 
  orban is just throwing out populist talking points and putting his head in the sand . 
  how is merkel `` undemocratic '' ? 
  it 's completely nonsense , and i have a hardtime taking him seriously on the topic just like i would n't take russia seriously on the topic of human rights or freedom of the press . 
  it 's really rich that orban warns of a democracy crisis considering that he is one of the most undemocratic leaders in the eu, 
  it just gets tiresome to read the same copypasta in every thread which is then upvoted by the same people and repeated ad nauseam .
