  * everything about cars and driving . 
  so many shitty drivers . 
  so many roadkill people and various accidents on the street . 
  a car crashed into a bus stop is a meme at this point . 
  speaking of which , 2 days ago a car almost crashed into a bus stop that i was standing at . 
  what happened ? 
  the idiot was driving like 90km/h on a snowy road and slipped . 
  people saving every cent on cars at the expense of safety . 
  so many coffins with engines on the street . 
  so many hit-or-miss repair services located in apartment block garages . 
  so many people getting through mandatory yearly technical checks through bribery . 
  and please , the bus infrastructure is pretty good in our small capital , you do n't need to drive your 1990s audi these 8km to work every day . 
  * politics . 
  our right wing is straight up sexist , homophobic , xenophobic and has racist tendencies , our left wing is politically right . 
  in terms of social values , liberals are the best , but i do n't like the rest of their agenda . 
  * oh my god , the wages and the prices . 
  especially how things got more expensive after euro , but our wages did not . 
  i do n't complain about my wage personally btw because what i earn counts as good here , but sooo many people earn much less , not uncommon if it 's with higher competence and experience than mine * lack of environment friendly and/or vegan food options due to price . 
  the most often consumed eggs are the ones coming from chicken grown in cages , for example . 
  one can barely even find the free-range chicken eggs . 
  but the environment friendly stuff is so expensive that not many people buy it . 
  probably strongly related to the above point * our surname system . 
  a woman 's surname always gives out her marital status because the ending is different when one is married vs. not married . 
  so if she does n't change the surname after marriage , it 's not like a stranger could say it 's 50:50 whether she 's married or not , a stranger would more likely guess unmarried because the ending of the surname gives it out . 
  oh and the shaming for not changing the surname is real too , and sexism disadvantaging both genders in general is at every corner from the moment you 're born * we 're one of the most homophobic countries in europe * random unclassified backwardness . 
  like , violence against kids is illegal now but many people , including some politicians , still think it 's ok . or the stupidity regarding refugees , there were so many opinions about it online and on tv ( e.g. 
  `` do n't come here , we 're already poor !!! '' ), 
  but come on , we have like , what , 300 of them in total ? 
  or making stupid people famous . 
  i keep hearing some names being thrown around and see faces on tv but i 'm not sure what do these people do exactly aside from edgy facebook posts apologies if that was too much negativity to read  after 2 weeks i 'm moving to a place that i think is the best for me and since then i 'll be able to enjoy the good aspects of my country ( of which there are many ) as a `` tourist '' during my vacations here and do n't worry myself with the majority of the bad things, 
  i 've already seen it . 
  best quote :  if one described estonia as `` a little country in the north where people are blonde with blue eyes , love cross country skiing , do n't say much , go to sauna , drink mulled wines at the yule time ( and used to viking ) `` , it would be factually perfect . 
  but does this sound post-soviet and eastern-european , ... or does it instead paint a picture of a small nordic country ? 
  just how cringy can it get ? 
  well you should consider moving to europe :p, 
  `` estonia is nordic '' is an unfactual statement m8 . 
  is this actually true though ? 
  i see all kinds of dirt about sweden all the time here on reddit but it 's either without any sources , or some weird biased `` news '' . 
  never seen it in dn or sydsvenskan or svt . 
  these few times when i went to find information in any normal source about something said by an alt-right redditor it turned out to be overexaggerated/out of context or misinterpreted . 
  i do n't like the immigration crisis either though and as a v\u00e4nster feminist , i 'm really unsettled by islam and the bad side of middle eastern culture , but it 's not like it was some organized plan , it 's a humanitarian disaster . 
  several refugees from my country 's asylum refuged to sweden and germany : ^ d but on the bright side , a falafel kebab kiosk has opened by my block, 
  hahaha but europe is already great , let 's not ruin it . 
  well i personally think electing trump is going completely backwards . 
  on the other side , i hope this will prevent the rise of the conservatives in europe when local hyped people will see that actually trump was n't a good idea so maybe a local populist conservative party is n't either . 
  right ? 
  i saw the same exact person who answered you arguing with some dane . 
  they told the dane to `` educate '' and posted a link to some website called `` nordic estonia '' . 
  the most memorable part of it for me was :  if one described estonia as `` a little country in the north where people are blonde with blue eyes , love cross country skiing , do n't say much , go to sauna , drink mulled wines at the yule time ( and used to viking ) `` , it would be factually perfect . 
  but does this sound post-soviet and eastern-european , ... or does it instead paint a picture of a small nordic country ? 
  like ... holy shit :d that 's a bit too much education for me, 
  oh it 's you again . 
  come on sister , if you want to live in a nordic country , move to a nordic country . 
  claiming that yours is one wo n't make you happier in the long run . 
  there 's too little political correctness , or whatever you call it , in my country . 
  it 's ok for the prime minister to say on tv , that he 'd prefer a male minister of justice because `` it 's a serious duty , a woman might not handle it '' , we still can find a chocolate muffin called `` little nigger '' in stores ( and even i internally think that word is completely ok because i grew up hearing it as a neutral word ) , homophobia is the norm and it is generally accepted to express it in corporate environment . 
  no wonder strangers are rude to each other and we have the highest suicide rates in europe :d, 
  this reply gives weird vibes due to the keywords `` everything '' , `` anything '' , `` anyone '' . 
  as if your image is not based on the real world but rather on what you see on certain subreddits . 
  a walking thirsty male middle easterner in europe stereotype . 
  the most accurate answer in this ( dumb ) thread . 
  i cringe every time when i see people on reddit drooling and comparing the looks of the women ( and somehow never the men ) in different european countries when in reality there 's no fundamental difference , just the general difference between every person . 
  an anecdote , i used to make a lot of `` friends '' on / r/snapchat and whenever they 'd ask me where am i from , i asked them to guess . 
  got russian , finnish , norwegian , american and some more i do n't remember . 
  not surprised , because there 's no objective way to guess nationality from the way a person looks . 
  i also die inside a little every time there 's a thread like `` what is your favourite country and why '' and someone answers `` country x because this , that , that and beautiful women '' . 
  yeah we get it , you 're a heterosexual male . 
  during my whole life i 've got a few calls . 
   or the baltic states beat us but estonia is one of the 3 baltic states, 
  really ? 
  i 'd expect it to be in the context of gender equality hatred . 
  `` look at crazy europe , absurd bans for the sake of feminism '' . 
  i 've also seen multiple alt-right memes about `` feminized swedish males '' peeing sitting down ( not that it should matter anyway , how someone pees ) . 
  estonia . 
  always something about estionians being slow . 
  also russia . 
  same for us . 
  except russian and polish :d, 
  wow now i feel insecure for my new employees insisting on having the job interview with me in swedish . 
  apparently they just wanted to have a laugh ? 
  short answer : bad !, 
  :( ( ( ** pets : ** general public opinion : `` not important '' seeing stray cats by the blocks is a very common thing . 
  scandinavians visiting me ask things like `` whose cats are these , is n't it unsafe to let them outside in these districts ? '', 
  lol ... 
  feeding stray cats on the street is illegal and multiple people have paid fines for it . 
  reasoning : feeding these cats creates more cats , they should starve to death instead and this is how we eliminate the stray cats . 
  if you want to feed them , you either get the permission for it and sterilize the cat or you need to get a permission for making a cat feeding spot . 
  but often if someone approaches with the question of a feeding spot they get no help because `` there 's bigger problems than stray cats atm '' . 
  cnr is not funded by the government , private pet shelters take care of it . 
  we are also really happy when foreign vets come here and do some cnr as a charity . 
  discussions between pet owners are still ongoing whether it 's ok or not to neuter the pets . 
  surprisingly many people believe that neutering is `` going against the nature '' , especially if one neuters a male . 
  also many think that 40eur is way too much . 
  not many people are keen to chip their animals either . 
  pet shelters are overcrowded and underfunded . 
  i follow most of them on facebook and at this point i 'm almost desentisized to seeing stories about cats and puppies found in the trashcans , left in a box in the forest , etc. 
  oh we also have people keeping dogs outside on a small leash all year round ( including our up to -30 winters ) and illegal breeders selling `` huskies '' and `` german shepards '' `` without the documents '' . 
  i can keep writing about what 's bad but i 'm sure you get the idea . 
  the good thing i guess is at least that pet shelters exist and there 's many of them and awareness is being spread . 
  # 3 non-profit funded by people 's taxes is a pet shelter .
