  it 's idiotic to let any immigrant in the way we have been doing , but hey we need to be open and tolerant . 
  now these ***** s are french citizens and have rights . 
  nothing to be done about that . 
  the problem is that what i am talking about is mere concern being expressed , not hate speech . 
  though what constitutes as hate speech can be debated legally , hence why this is so dangerous . 
   one can be critical or even against migration and expressing that is absolutely legal , if done in a civilized manner , without calling for violence or leaving the boundaries of our civilization . 
  nobody would disagree with that , the problem being that what exactly constitutes hate speech is highly variable and dependent on ( potentially ) politically motivated judges . 
  turkey is practically a dictatorship , and has no business ever being in the eu . 
  because i spoke with germans i got to know ( in their homes , in their neighborhoods , away from public spaces ) , and also i saw the multiple facebook outrages which show how many people are angry at things . 
  http://www.abendzeitung-muenchen.de/inhalt.durchsuchungen-in-14-bundeslaendern-kampf-gegen-hass-postings-razzia-auch-in-muenchen.cf200ba7-80bb-444c-9a92-37ddfb31a576.html ^ ^ this is happening frequently . 
  do n't get me wrong i love how liberal germany is . 
  what i mean to say is `` totalitarian when it comes to certain areas of free speech '' . 
  but still on a philosophical level i see it as a slippery slope process . 
  i think once you go down censorship and persecution , then that system is not free altogether . 
  you cant persecute only one side and pretend free speech exists . 
  that 's because germans will not tell you to your face about these things . 
  why do you think the german government has tried so hard to get facebook to crack down on so called `` hate speech '' ? 
  there have been tons of germans penalised on facebook for making comments . 
  and that is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  the socialist left dislikes him more than the right i think . 
  surprise . 
  this sub doesnt represent reality . 
  incredible . 
  the fn will always be the opponent for the next decades in france , that is certain . 
  democracy is fickle and currently ruled by demagoguery . 
  all im saying is the germans are so quick to dismiss fascism but as plato noted , people are quick to willingly walk back into tyranny when the time is right . 
  imho germans are doing the least to prevent fascism in some form to rise up again . 
  good job numbers in the us maybe . 
  at the same time this is just current feeling ( he has done some stupid shit lately especially with the military ) and can quickly repair itself in next weeks . 
  louis xiv and charles martel still better though . 
  charles de gaulle . 
  louis xiv . 
  and probably before that , all the way back to clovis . 
  come on !, 
  you know full well the vichy government was full of non-far right people , especially socialists . 
  the germans actually persecuted the nationalist far right during the occupation . 
  many of those that fought the germans in 1940 ( and even during ww1 ) then turned their coats during the occupation . 
  mitt\u00e9rand is the best example , he was a master of camouflaging his activities during the occupation then passing himself as resistant later . 
  ** he received the highest order in vichy france ** ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_the_francisque ) which points to an obvious collaborationism . 
  not really . 
  macron did lots of unpopular shit , like raising taxes on the majority of the population ( easy way to fill the tax coffers ) whilst not taxing the wealthy and closing loopholes . 
  guy was elected on a socialist centrist platform then proceeds to fuck these people . 
  he even invited trump as bastille guest of honor , wtf . 
  do n't think french are so naive , except maybe the millenials . 
  people voted for him knowing he was full of shit , but because they prefered no change than having the le pen clan run france , which they disliked , feared , etc. 
  and over a dozen other high ranking military people wrote protest letter supporting the general . 
  french people dont care if you serve in the military , but they will destroy you if you make yourself a joke by wearing military kit to address military men then cutting their budget . 
  this is almost as bad as the son of sarkozy becoming a us marine lmao . 
  macron 's military stuff was a disaster . 
  i am really surprised , he is a smart man , that he did something so bad . 
  please . 
  macron is not the last chance president . 
  pkint is fully correct , the next presidents will be macron 2.0 and will all be vapid pr machines , promising bullshit to the stupid millenials and scaring people with the threat of fascism to eliminate the far right . 
  personally i think as long as le pen is running the fn she will not get elected because she is essentially an obnoxious woman the people dont like ( no sexism , just saying ) . 
  but macron types will be in shit when the fn fields a young charismatic ceo type candidate . 
  if macron had been fn , he would have won simple as that . 
  people 's patience will quickly run out with blairite centrist candidates doing absolutely nothing of meaning . 
   macron is nothing but a vapid pr machine . 
  le pen would have done more than macron . 
  but that was unpalatable to the people so they prefer to elect some blairite buffoon who pump them up with energetic corporate phrases . 
  i doubt it . 
  this is france not germany . 
  the socialists will never allow him to do this . 
  imho macron is similar to trump ( or blair before him ) . 
  doing all this mostly for the popularity . 
   i did n't and do n't get why people liked him so much . 
  people did n't `` like him so much '' . 
  he was mostly elected by `` bon chic bon genre '' parisian elites and center ( right & left ) millenials . 
  * cutting military budget . 
  * raising taxes on middle class . 
  not really taxing the rich at all . 
  * not really doing shit for the working class . 
  keep in mind he was elected as a leftist , mostly . 
  * inviting trump as guest of honor at bastille day . 
  making what could be racist remarks about africans . 
  i like macron but cutting the military expenditure is just disgusting , especially considering how much strain the french military has been under since the terrorist attacks ( operation sentinelle , etc ) . 
  in practice though , fn is similar to trump , its bourgeois nationalism nothing like nazism which has working class roots . 
  our fucking politics , i tell you man . 
  at the end of the day , anything around the centre is the same shit lets be honest . 
  really ? 
  jean marie le pen 's family was resistance during the war , i still remember him saying that they did not give up their firearms to the germans during the occupation , which in that time was a serious offense punishable by death . 
  also , collaborators were mostly part of the socialist left ( laval , mitterand , etc ) . 
  many of which worked in subsequent french administrations . 
  the fn was originally created by essentially royalists/monarchists , catholics , and pro-french empire people . 
  not at all pro-nazis . 
  french did not vote lepen because she was an obnoxious woman that couldnt lead france not because she was a `` nazi '' . 
  if the fn candidate had been a young charismatic man , he would have won easily . 
  not saying this out of sexism , just pragmatic psychology . 
   no war mongering over oil in the middle east . 
  that 's because you are austria . 
  doesnt apply to rest of europe . 
  that said , as long as you are part of nato you somehow contribute to globalist foreign policy in a way . 
  americans do have higher wages than europeans . 
  the big differential with europe is the employee rights . 
  in europe if you get a job , you are very hard to lay off and almost have guaranteed job security . 
  this means people are often paid less because its risky to pay them more . 
  in usa many more people are fired . 
  germany is a pretty totalitarian regime when it comes to free speech , let 's be honest . 
  from a logical perspective , yes it was stupid to do . 
  that said , the german laws are dumb as hell .
