  what 's really startling is that the current far-right is really what the right & left somehow looked like in the post-ww2 period , before mass immigration . 
  the centre-right & left have just extremely evolved their opinions . 
  hitler was not really a populist . 
  he was a fringe politician , of the same ilk as the radical communists he opposed . 
  hitler got elected due to economic & monetary collapse of the 1920s , and the total loss of faith the germans had for mainstream parties ( after the disastrous devaluation of the mark by the german government ) , aswell as fear of the communists . 
  also , about populism , you say they do n't have the people 's good in mind , but do you think non-populists ( let 's call them the elites ) have the good of the people in mind ? 
  hell no . 
  they are blatantly campaigning for the patricians/elites . 
  i 've heard these kind of politicians regularely scorn democracy , and that decisions should n't come from the masses/people . 
  anti-populism is just the establishment/patrician 's way to oppose democracy . 
  just as caesar was opposed in ancient rome by the patrician class , because he promised too much to the people , and threatened the power of the patricians . 
  see you in 6-12 months bruder !, 
  poor girl . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  yes because any political side will twist these events by pushing their own version of events . 
  the nationalistic right will say `` its immigrants '' . 
  the left will say `` its just local youths and the problem is the alcohol culture of germany '' . 
  in my experience its hard to figure out which side is accurate . 
  that all sounds excellent in theory , but in practice it 's unfortunately not happening . 
  this is a big crisis , too many people are pouring in for years now , and it doesnt seem to stop . 
  its the biggest challenge of the eu , maybe even more so than financial problems . 
  it 's always difficult to reach any conclusion from these stories , because unlike in the us or great britain , there is no clear profiling of the criminals in europe based on ethnic origin , etc. 
  i mean i legit do n't know what to make of stories like this . 
  only first hand testimonies are really useful here . 
  probably legally difficult to deport someone back if he is a legit refugee/asylum seeker , coming from a place like afghanistan . 
  these days you ca n't just throw someone out of your country . 
  my guess is she has set her mind on solving the german demographic problem with this migration phenomena . 
  and she knows , as the research show , that even the millions of migrants that arrived in germany still are not enough to fill that gap . 
  here 's a basic idea : how about the eu organise a eu coast patrol that would turn all the boats away ? 
  i do n't know . 
  im not so smart after all ... 
  i dunno ... embarking on a life voyage on a rubber dinghy that was made in china ... ahem . 
  all the great leaders of europe would either laugh or cry ... not sure . 
  this is almost comical . 
  so many things happen in these camps that the german government seems to have no control over ... 
  even the hedges look like dragon teeth at the german border . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dragon%27s_teeth_ ( fortification ), 
  i mean , `` overreacted '' , they planned to essentially scuttle the ship whilst the crew was away . 
  the death of one crew member was accidental . 
  i almost feel like if the operation had succeeded fully , it would have been a good operation . 
  in cases like that , failure makes it automatically a `` to be denied '' case , just like any cia black ops . 
  if you get in the way of a major country 's national security , you can expect to get hurt . 
  usa would have done the same . 
  what a headline lmao . 
  a `` terrorist attack in auckland '' . 
  research definition of terrorism . 
  this was a military operation . 
  cia conducts such operations all the time as do other secret services . 
  let 's stop acting like french government is somehow more sneaky than others . 
  also , this is far from the most controversial op by french government . 
  i would consider this to be more controversial : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ouv%c3%a9a_cave_hostage_taking, 
  if only we could build a giant hammer in honour of charles martel in poitiers to match that ... 
  no stats . 
  you need to re-roll and pick troll as its a race-exclusive pack . 
  sweden working hard to erase that impression . 
  thankfully danes , norwegians , etc. . . are there . 
  giants must have existed in norway back then ... 
  `` german puppet '' would be strongly underestimating how nuanced the nature of the vichy regime was . 
  represents germany well . 
  peaceful but on guard . 
  surprised nobody is making a jab at trump . 
  i guess he is `` in '' now . 
  there 's plenty of marxists too . 
  g20 represents capitalism . 
  they want to smash it . 
  makes sense . 
  what does n't really make sense is burning an innocent city up because of that . 
  a typical day at the g20 . 
  when you are in highschool or university as student , its easy to get swept into this . 
  too much political theory from professors and group think away from reality . 
  now now now , let 's not be xenophobic , 
  useful idiots is the best way to describe them . 
  come on dude . 
  germany has one of the most organised antifa & anticapitalist groups in europe . 
  what amazes me is how german police is tolerant of these leftists . 
  reminds me of the berkeley incidents this year . 
  i bet if it were right wingers rioting in the streets , the polizei would come in hard . 
  in most african colonies , the major cities were built by europeans . 
  the infrastructure which make them first world cities , from modern housing units , to roads , hospitals , etc. 
  europeans were responsible for turning primarily unorganised agrarian nations , into productive members of the world economy , the wealth brought in allowed the countries to modernise massively and on a very quick scale compared to the previous hundred years of non-development . 
  there is also the introduction of western medical science & norms into africa , which resulted in a demographic explosion as infantile death-rate was cut down enormously . 
  these are just a few of the things , we could write books about the developments brought by europeans . 
  i am not brushing anything under the carpet , i just think its a reality that history is complex and `` mediatising history '' with headlines , is a good way to inflame passions . 
  in this sense , particularely , highschool/youth history books are dangerous when they gloss over such figures , instead of giving proper context and insight on who these figures were . 
  there were also enormous benefit of colonialism to the locals , some of which they still benefit from today . 
  that is unpopular and swept under the carpet by the stupid political conscious class , precisely to `` appeal to the darkies '' . 
  unfortunately it will not do the `` darkies '' any good , just like hollywood nonsense has corrupted the black mentality in the usa and made many hate themselves and hate their own country . 
   when an utterly unscrupulous monster becomes the sole ruler of a country , and the owner of all the things and people in it , bad stuff is bound to happen . 
  that 's what monarchy is about . 
  europe itself was ruled by monarchs for most of its history , with the people the property of the king . 
  i really doubt this guy was doing any worse than the other colonial possessions in africa . 
  much of the criticism of him stems from other colonial powers at the time , who i imagine disliked upstart belgium having a territory of its own . 
  it 's a little bit like the franco-british criticism of german colonial management . 
  wars in africa unanimously were brutal . 
  that is how the continent defined warfare . 
  and not just from the white invaders/settlers , but also amongst black tribes , who massacred/raped/tortured each other long before the white man ever came . 
  i really dislike categorizations/generalisations of historical figures & periods like has been done here , without placing it in proper historical context . 
  read a book on this guy & belgian colonial policy , do n't just read an inflammatory headline which just provokes emotional sentiments ( and in belgium , probably gives an impetus for hate to any person of colour against the local belgians . 
  a little bit like how generalisations of french history turns many north african youth to hate in france ) . 
  you 're factually correct in the sense that ale is a type of beer .
