  only difference with fillon is fillon wants to stay in eu . 
  she is running as an independent now . 
  i am an fn supporter . 
  i think that le pen clearly shows a rift between the classic fn creators and supporters , and who she wants to be . 
  she is campaigning as a person , for her ideas , against macron , who is really doing the same . 
  this is globalism/eu vs. french gaullism . 
  the french vote now for ideas not parties . 
  what will france be projected to be in the future ? 
  what an astonishing election . 
  i am 100 % behind the ideas of mme le pen . 
  she will be the modern era charles de gaulle to lead france and europe into uncharted but glorious and new territory . 
   she 's still a le pen . 
  what does that mean ? 
  you piss on an entire family ? 
  maybe we should put their babies in prisons too ? 
  stop with the idiot comments . 
  why would they address anything ? 
  they are liberal globalists . 
  they stand against everything the nationalist right votes for . 
  on the contrary , they will `` push the knife deeper into the wound '' , as the french saying goes . 
  why ? 
  because they are arrogant and know they can do anything to the people . 
  to a german controlled europe . 
  yes we can !, 
  lmao . 
  what surprises me even more is many of these fools will vote macron . 
  the only way for le pen to win , imo , is for fillon 's voters to vote more le pen and abstain less . 
  considering most fillon voters are old right wing farts too conservative to vote le pen , i hope they wake the hell up . 
  otherwise we are stuck with this globalist puppet banker fucker for 5 years , who will do nothing to change the fate of our country . 
  i 'm sure he will get on his knees perfectly to give **** *** to the german chancellor . 
  well , i believe things such as studying and working abroad are things that could and should happen even if the eu did not exist . 
  the main criticism i have of the eu , is the free-market rules of it which lead to europe being only a market , with all the degradation that entails . 
  ideally i would like to see a reformed eu , with a different type of leadership and values within it . 
  i absolutely detest war and believe europe must never be at war again for its entire future history . 
  but again , i am also against the capitalistic american sponsored eu as it currently stands , i do not believe this was a creation that the original europeans of ww2 intended to create ( charles de gaulle , adenauer , etc ) . 
  it 's a monster that grew out of proportions and is trying to be a `` united states of europe '' ruled by finance capitalism . 
  unfortunately , its obvious that eu exit is the only option , as france can not just push reforms alone in this block . 
  i would have hoped it doesnt happen , but its inevitable if france wants some kind of reform . 
  though i am very hopeful about a future even if france exits the eu , because i believe europe can not exist today without an alliance of some sort to counter-act the usa , china , etc. 
  it is not in the interest of germany to be alone . 
  maybe when the uk leaves , its ok because the uk is a single country , but i do not believe an explosion of the eu is in germany 's interest , so i hope for a come back to a `` big negotiation table '' . 
  i do imagine though a european community of some sort , where europeans can go in various european countries and share their culture , work , etc. 
  it just should n't be as deregulated as it is today . 
  merkel 's europe is the death of europe , imho . 
   also in your opinion , were hamon to resign from the election earlier ( i noticed melenchon was getting a major surge of votes mainly from hamon voters ) , could it possibly help consolidate the left wing and , possibly , overthrow le pen from the 2nd place ? 
  yes , i think hamon was basically a leech to melenchon . 
  hamon was melenchon 's worst enemy this time . 
  i think melenchon would have scored better , but the only question to me is whether macron/fillon would have made it in the run-off , or not . 
  le pen i think is a guarantee in the run-off , because its undeniable that the fn under marine le pen is basically becoming the main right-wing force , and the classic center right is becoming less relevant . 
   that said , ca n't it just be that centrist platforms just attract more voters in general than less centrist candidates ? 
  ( unless it 's all consolidated , e.g. 
  far right ) . 
  people will not vote for crazy people . 
  whether fascists or communists . 
  that said , i do not believe at all that marine le pen or melenchon are that , and that they are too far from the center . 
  they are legitimate alternatives to the center and people see that , this is why they all polled at about 20 % , and the centrists ( macron/fillon ) did not poll enormously higher . 
  on the other hand , you can see outright communist ( far left ) alternatives ( poutou/arthaud ) did terribly . 
  only neo-nazis are german-brussels elite trying to take over europe and strangle the workers . 
   should the left be perpetually content with supporting a center-right candidate with a progressive social agenda in order to prevent something worse ? 
  this this this this , 10000x this !, 
  we say merde now to this system !, 
  macron is left ? 
  no he is a liberal snake . 
  screw hamon and macron !, 
  fake socialists !, 
  melenchon actually cares for the worker and his nation , he will not endorse anybody for sure . 
  yes . 
  the system wins again . 
   consummate big business insider so is macron , ex-rothschild banker . 
  sure my friend . 
  basically it 's quite simple : the french presidential electoral system is in two rounds , with the top 2 candidates making it into a run-off where the one with most votes win . 
  what basically happened in france all the time in elections is that the fn makes it to the second round . 
  ** it 's allowed to make it into the second round by the system , somehow ** . 
  why ? 
  the reason is simple : in a run-off , the classic liberal `` system '' candidate ( centre left or centre right , always the same shit ) always wins easily against the fn candidate because the french people are given a choice between something too extreme and something less bad . 
  ** they basically manufacture an election that is easily winnable for the system candidate ** . 
  they do so by preventing strong candidates ( like melenchon ) to end up in the run-off round against the system candidate , which would be a nightmare for them because there is a chance they will win . 
  in other words ... its always in the interest of the system to have the fn in second round . 
  always . 
  its always planned like that . 
  this is why le pen initially gets good media coverage in first round , then usually demonised in second round . 
  it 's all a charade and why hard-left voters and anti-system i am sure will refuse to vote for anyone this time . 
  there will be massive abstention . 
  finally , specifically about macron , he is fully supported by the media & establishment ( its obvious when you see his treatment on tv platforms ) , and hollande/ps/system is known to basically have groomed him to be the next president , this is why hollande did not go for re-election , it was all planned . 
  the entire `` independent '' platform of macron is a ploy to appear like a fresh new candidate when he is just a product of the system to fit in the `` new software '' of france . 
  in fact he is just 100 % liberal system fake socialist . 
  his entire platform is bogus . 
  all i meant to say is that estimates are evolving by showing lepen polling at 25 % which is a big difference from second at 21,5 % . 
  just wanted to make that point . 
  i do not believe he would endorse anybody because one is on the other side of the politics ( right wing ) and the other is the manufactured trap of the system ( macron ) . 
  sure sure sure , i know that , and my comment is to say to wait for the full vote count . 
  i say it for all candidates including melenchon . 
  i hate this predictable system supported lepen/macron runoff , at least wait for full count to tell this . 
  has a kind of 19th century type of retro feel to it !, 
  too bad the reality is not really that , imho . 
  being a policeman or soldier in france right now , patrolling the streets of the capital , is heroic !, 
   we can not have an ama for every single district . 
  i can imagine that , though i hope more happen . 
  thanks for hosting this anyhow !, 
  i fully agree with this proposal , as a fn voter .
