  true in this case . 
  though most problems come from jus solis . 
  i 'd poison that guy . 
  would n't it be easy to find this guy ? 
  just look for someone who bought large amount of this chemical lately and track him down . 
  i hope he gets hanged extra-judicially . 
  what a monster . 
  that is the typical story that shows how incompetent and vulnerable we are due to our laws . 
  giving citizenship to anyone based on `` right of soil '' is nonsense . 
  in france there are entire towns full of these `` paper french '' which are ready to kill anytime they feel like it . 
  it 's also much easier to come to europe from the maghreb or balkan than risk the journey from arabian countries , afghanistan , etc. 
  especially now that european ngos actually facilitate the meditteranean route . 
  you forget the pakistani involvment in sexual rape gangs ( mostly of kuffar/white victims ) , human trafficking , etc. 
  much of which is justified on religious grounds . 
  it all overlaps with terror action . 
  north africans are generally over-represented in crime . 
  the switch to terror is easy from manslaughter , aggressions , etc. 
  usually radicalisation in prisons ( muslim dominated in belgium/france/etc ) allows the violence to be focused into `` more productive '' terror actions as these guys turn to islam to redeem themselves from a life of crime . 
  the problem is clearly more of an homegrown problem than foreign . 
  isis is just using that component . 
  it 's not the afghans or iraqis that hate the west , its the north african & arab populations living there for a while . 
  no jobs , difficult integration , hate of europeans due to envy ( europeans speak language better , go to universities/educated , get good jobs , have the good women , have all the possibilities , etc ) , ** racism and prejudice from some in europe that basically can not help but dislike islam & arab customs ** , basically many turned to criminal underworld for only meaningful `` possibilities '' ( alternative would be army or other lowest level jobs like labourer or cleaner ) . 
  living in guettos which are monocultural ( north african/moslem ) due to the white people fleeing . 
  basically you got yourself a situation here . 
  in uk situation is similar with pakistanis , which is their version of north africans . 
  the solution ? 
  depends on your political leaning . 
  personally as a right-winger i believe more wealth and a more vibrant economy which gets these guys educated and working , would solve most of the problems . 
  unfortunately that is not about to happen , on the contrary it gets hard even for white europeans to find good jobs these days . 
  by the way it 's interesting to see the spike in crimes in germany , mostly concentrated in areas ( nrw , etc ) where north african `` refugees '' congregate . 
  germany has been literally hit in the face with this kind of crime which they were not accustomed before . 
  i wonder how well they are dealing with it . 
  in france , netherlands , belgium , etc. . . we already know well the north african element . 
  fifth column ... 
  makes sense . 
  bartender was a euphemism for the bar itself . 
  obviously the skilled labour is not setting the price unless he is the owner . 
  i just think serving relatively piss-poor beer ( same as supermarket quality ) for what amounts to 10 euros , is ridiculous considering you can get quality beer for maximum half that price in rest of europe . 
  the fucking price of a drink is atrocious in london . 
  bartenders straight up robbing people . 
  you 're seriously telling me that `` dein kampf '' would be controversial ? 
  germans are that butthurt about certain unoffensive words ? 
  his writing is atrocious . 
  i expected more from such a well read and educated president . 
  the quoted part was ridiculous and overdone , needed to be called out for . 
  also as a european i 'm kind of sick of the hypocrisy of europe and finger-wagging when it comes to shit like this . 
  yes sure its easy for a country like france to sign the paris deal , since we 're nuclear and dont emit too much gases . 
  but why are we expecting a country like the usa to sign into it ? 
  i understand the us position . 
  deal needs to be proportionate to economies not abritrary . 
  huh ... this has nothing to do with climate change denial . 
  personally i believe strongly that humans affect climate with the sick capitalistic system . 
  i just dont agree with the paris deal and the way its implemented . 
   i thought the xenophobia , racism , discrimination of religious minorities , sexism , sexual assault , treason , calls for violence , lying , obstruction of justice was crossing a line . 
  well , nope , it was n't , so climate change denial wo n't do it , either . 
  germans love to overdo things , do n't they ? 
  why do n't you calm the rethoric and stick to facts instead ? 
  i 'll also say that germany is the # 1 polluter in western europe ( http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/science_and_impacts/science/each-countrys-share-of-co2.html#.wtfliougpz4 ) . 
  probably the german goal is to try to delocalise it 's industry to china where the paris climate deal gives more leniency as to c02 emissions . 
  more about the deal here : https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/6eqfz0/paris_city_hall_is_turning_green_to_stand_up_for/dic8ohv/ i just love the germans acting high and mighty , the moral authority of the west , when they are crooked as hell . 
  also the peaceful germans are still the fifth largest arms exporter in the world : http://fortune.com/2016/07/03/german-arms-exports-2015/ hypocrisy at its finest . 
  except the paris deal is nothing about helping the environment but more about profits . 
  whether you realise it or not , muslims have been in france since the 1950s , before that even . 
  because we are not in turkey . 
  here in europe , we can not condone actions which would `` hurt cultural sensibilities '' and `` encourage hate '' . 
  not really , most of them are delusional left wingers that deny all these problems happen even as terror attacks happen . 
  i talk with them regularely they are delusional . 
  it 's all pretty great until a family tragedy hits home . 
  deport where ? 
  home country wo n't take them . 
  that 's if you even find out their home country since they throw ids away . 
  and better yet they are helped by leftist groups that tell them how to game the system and our laws . 
  people getting humiliated for warning against mass uncontrolled immigration then in a couple years , government itself has taken their position . 
  how **** ing stupid can we be ? 
  it 's just advanced flirting techniques , at work here . 
  nothing to see here , move on . 
  but merkel said it 's good for europe . 
  street harassment happening in france long before migrants , mainly in muslim areas . 
  dont really get why this is news in france all of a sudden . 
  i guess migrants made it even worse . 
  turkey is the biggest problem within nato , yet it would be problematic to throw them out of nato . 
  kind of like giving them a chance to be even bigger enemies . 
  man ... for some reason everytime i hear about the german military in the news , it 's connected to embarrassment of some sort . 
  let 's be honest , turkey would n't be talking like that to a country like the usa . 
  but with germans they allow themselves anything . 
  germany needs to grow a pair especially regarding military affairs . 
  i hate to see them pushed around by the turks . 
   hilariously enough , they 'll ban you for any mention of their past on the subreddit , bastion of free speech that it is . 
  in all honesty you are outright trolling them bro . 
  what do you expect ? 
  looks like somebody just did a swastika copy/pasta . 
  as i said , there is the odd anomaly but i am clearly able to distinguish iberians from arabs or north africans . 
   what europeans dont realize yet is that this is dangerous because with democratic institutions demographics matter a lot . 
  different religious and ethnic groups do have different values to some degree and i think a lot of europeans do n't recognize that . 
  most know that if you imported 500k rural poles to your city they 'll start to vote for banning abortion , but for some reason people are afraid to extrapolate that to other groups such as say north africans . 
  they prefer to live a fantasy where you will ` enlighten ' these groups to give up previous in-group values en masse and integrate but if their demographics do n't pressure it because they are a plurality or even a majority they will have more in-group pressure to retain than out-group pressure to change . 
  we do n't realise it because we never really experienced true multiculturalism before , and many are still in denial about its effect . 
  now that demographics are rapidly changing , my point of view is europe is going to start experiencing something similar to the 60s-70s in usa where there were massive civil rights protest movements . 
  tough with major differences due to the ethnic populations being different than what the us experienced ( no hispanics , mostly arabs/muslims in france for instance ) . 
  usa being pretty much the blueprint for a nation becoming multicultural .
