  the point is if you have a forceful and energetic government , anything is possible . 
   the eu referendum would take place in a couple of years . 
  so it seems her whole campaign is built on vague promises and bold lies . 
  now you are getting emotional and inventing things . 
  she promises a referendum 6 months within the start of her presidency . 
  and then implementation of her agenda if the referendum is in her favour , abdication if the referendum is negative . 
  what is vague promise and lie here ? 
  seems clear as crystal water to me . 
  on the other hand , look at the program of macron . 
  not a single clear thing here . 
   even though austrian represented a disproportionate amount of ss troops , that 10 % of the population was in the nazi party , even more in the intelligentsia . 
  this is very misleading though . 
  austria was forcibly annexed by germany , regardless what austrian feelings were . 
  and germany had lots more nazi officials and ss troops than austria . 
  austria was also not extremely loyal to the reich as a province , with independance being claimed already in 1945 . 
  the habsburg empire , light . 
  i am not an expert on this , just have a general understanding tbh . 
  the general picture is that the president would n't be able to implement many of le pen 's plans under the eu treaties . 
  this is why a eu referendum is necessary , because le pen can not rule effectively under eu treaties . 
  she would resign if the eu exit or renociation of treaties did not work . 
  when it comes to purely domestic policies , like work hours , that is definitely under the realm of control . 
  the presidency of the fifth republic is strong , and a president can usually set the agenda he wants by appointing the ministers he wants and dissolving the national assembly if needed . 
  the only problem is enacting things that breach eu treaties . 
  for instance if the borders were closed to immigrants , that would violate the schengen treaty and france would be called to account by the european court of justice . 
  deporting a large number of terrorists based on shaky affiliation could also trigger such a legal reaction . 
  so yes , on the whole , you are right , according to eu treaties not much can be done . 
  this is why if le pen is elected , it could be a very short government if she doesnt manage to get french public approval of renegociation of eu treaties . 
  depends what we are talking about . 
  shutting down immigration ( for some time ) and clearing terrorism in france is probably supported by a number of people with the exception of the far left . 
  leaving the eu is probably the most disagreed notion , but then again she is submitting it to a referendum so it 's not like it would be arbitrary . 
  then there are the labour policies ( keeping the 35hrs per week , etc ) which are agreed or disagreed all over the place depending on individual opinions on this ( more liberal right wingers like macron/fillon supporters probably more likely to disagree with it ) . 
   without the uk , france will be a stronger voice . 
  would it not be worthwhile seeing what could be achieved within the eu ? 
  you 'd need several years to organise a frexit in any case , otherwise you 'd be left hanging like the british right now . 
  i fully agree with this . 
  but you still need a government that takes a tough line with brussels , that pushes for reforms . 
  macron is the kind of person who will be like hollande/sarkozy and do nothing . 
  he will blindly accept anything that is decided . 
  but of course with the right government , i am totally happy if there are discussions with the eu , and re-negociations . 
  after all , france is co-founder of the eu , and i believe we have sway in such discussions if we have the right people negociating . 
  i would prefer that , than just exiting like that , which is a loss as you say . 
  i am actually one of those people who believes in the eu project , just completely reformed . 
  i am not saying all italians were fascist . 
  i am well aware of communist resistance . 
  i am not blaming entirety of population . 
  we all know very well politics go over the common people . 
  i am just talking about the context of the time . 
  well it 's a country where the daughters of mussolini are active politically and popular . 
  that tells you everything you need to know . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alessandra_mussolini there is also a mausoleum/shrine to mussolini : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/predappio,_cimitero_di_san_cassiano,_cripta,_tomba_di_benito_mussolini_00.jpg he is literally interred like a roman emperor , and regularely people go there , raise their arm , and sing the national song . 
  just imagine in germany , if adolf hitler 's ashes along with goebbels and other nazi officials had a mausoleum , with german swastika flag over tombs , with neonazis freely singing the horst wessel before it . 
  indeed . 
  also to remember that the `` resistance '' in various countries ( france , italy , etc ) was mostly made up of communists , who went into action only when the germany-ussr pact dissolved and the ussr called the `` international '' into action . 
  before that , the communists were completely inactive . 
  in other words , they mostly did not fight for their countries , but for an ideology ( communism ) just as the fascists did . 
   alright , stay with me for a second . 
  if we can agree that the fn of 2002 was a right-wing extremist and nationalist party that got 18 % of the popular vote , where did those 18 % go ? 
  if the fn does n't support those extremist voters anymore are you saying they 're all being mislead into voting for the party ? 
  you just said a lot of people in the fn resent her for what she has done to the party . 
  so those guys are n't supportive of her line but are n't expelled either ? 
  the people who did not want to support her reforms of the party are gone , or they stayed and accepted them . 
  but understand this : the fn today reassembles many different people who may or may not agree with everything . 
  i myself disagree with marine on a number of things ( ie : left wing socialist policies for labour ) but i will still vote for her as a matter of being with the patriotic and not liberal right . 
  i think most fn voters do that . 
  they all disagree on something , but agree on the big picture ( stop uncontrolled crazy immigration , re-establish order in france by stopping terrorism , etc ) . 
  so lots of the old school fn guys might have stayed , and might dislike some things ( like her homosexual right hand man , phillipot ) , but they will tolerate because they care more about more important things . 
  and then again , if they voiced opposition , they would be kicked out . 
   one thing that immediately comes to mind , note my french is lousy so i 'd not be surprised if other posters can find other examples , was her calling the russian annexation of crimea completely legitimate . 
  openly supporting one state to extend its borders into another against the will of the defending government is a bit extreme , is n't it ? 
  that 's not really one of the things that most fn voters care about . 
  to be honest , many people in french politics and think tanks , have said that crimea is a region completely populated by pro-russian people , so who cares what the russians do . 
  but again , its not something a french political party is campaigning upon . 
  understand though , that the fn is gaullist . 
  it 's all about focusing on france and not being subordinate to anyone . 
  you can believe me that whether its the usa or russia , no fn voter would like to be told lessons on what to do by either these states . 
  this is why charles de gaulle championed france developing own nukes , so we dont get pushed by either these states . 
  if marine le pen ever did too much for russia , this will be condemned by fn voters including me . 
  france is the most important to us not any foreign state . 
  but i just dont think le pen cares and loves russia as much as the media tells us she does . 
  you make it sound like the fn is some kind of nazi party though . 
  what extremists are you talking about being tolerated ? 
  anybody not supportive of marine 's line has been expelled from the party , including her own father . 
  the fn is basically no longer the same party it was ( pro-french empire party in 1960s ) . 
  the only `` extreme '' thing they support is being anti-eu . 
  this is what politics are all about now . 
  anti-eu or pro-eu . 
  thats where the lines are drawn . 
  she already banned marion le pen from participating in french government were she to be president ... 
   a vote for le pen is basically a vote selling france to her highest bitter . 
  really and the ex-rothschild investment banker macron , with campaign funds from soros and other firms , not sold france to highest bidder ? 
  arrete un peu les conneries , le canadien la. 
  desperate ? 
  just watch how she will destroy macron on 3rd may in tv debate . 
  macron is a big vaccuum of ideas . 
  big nothing . 
  just a crocodile banker smile and `` lets make france great again '' bullshit . 
    so she 's gathering the votes of the far-right under her wing ( no one on that side of the spectrum has any alternative to vote for ) and will now move to the middle to gather more voters . 
  she has been in the middle for a very long time now . 
  i am a fn voter , you have no idea how many people in the fn ressent marine le pen for what she has done to the party . 
  fn today = center-right gaullist party .
