  u wot m8 ? 
  also had to find out about the fact a hamburg train was gassed . 
  but you 're right its not major news . 
  it 's just annoying that i feel all the `` fake news '' sites report on it , making me doubt the veracity of the claims . 
  rt news , daily mail , etc. . . 
  did n't see anything about this on msm ( bbc ) . 
   why should americans be free to travel to the eu and europeans not to the us ? 
  because it does n't benefit us at all to keep american tourists out . 
  it 's just a `` tit for tat '' move that makes us look like idiots . 
  i mean , there are legitimate reasons to make travel difficult , for instance nationals of a dangerous country , but usa is clearly not that and a country that brings us much national wealth . 
  on a pure moral basis aswell , i explained in my op that europeans should look enlightened , not regressive . 
  as ghandi said very accurately : ** `` an eye for an eye leaves everyone blind '' ** . 
  of course the pro-eu mafia on here is going to deny it , insult those that acknowledge these facts , and downvote all dissent . 
  who the fuck represents himself with a eu flag anyway ? 
  you have no nation ? 
  this is fucking idiotic . 
  it 's not because one country does something that we need to react like petulant child and do the same thing . 
  `` wha wha , if you do that , i do same to you , wha wha '' . 
  these are precisely the few times where a country can shine , and say `` we 'll do nothing . 
  instead we 'll do the opposite and let you all in without visas '' . 
  please explain the lies . 
  im waiting . 
  first explain why the man must live under 24/7 life guard police escort . 
  in the thumbnail , geert wilders looks like rutger hauer ( another dutchman ) in blade runner . 
  wish him all the best , the netherlands i think , like france , need some cleaning of the islamic radicals and lawless zones . 
  netherlands are such a peaceful and liberal country , they do not deserve to be swamped by islam . 
  gay rights , women 's rights , all disappear under that religion . 
  guy is the definition of a puppet . 
  the essence of democracy is to give power to the people 's wishes . 
  if the people desire a more authoritarian regime , is n't it the purpose of democracy to give it to them ? 
  as the greeks concluded thousands of years ago already , democracies tend to devolve into tyrannies , precisely because people get tired that nothing gets done in democracies . 
  instead of putting the blame on the people 's wish for either left or right authoritarianism , i would put the blame on the elected democratic leaders instead . 
  after all , they failed to give the people happiness , and made them turn to authoritarians . 
  the failure of democracy is the success of authoritarianism . 
  but what happens if democracy is turning authoritarian precisely to oppose authoritarianism , as you wish in your post ? 
  then you create more and more anger , that leads to events like the french revolution , as people take arms to destroy a government that doesnt respect them . 
  le pen will win , people are tired of the status quo . 
  the le pen/system face-off has happened for about 40 years , everytime the french say `` you may be right on many things , but lets give the system a chance '' . 
  in 2017 , after a period of strong decline the past 10 years , i think the french are ready for a le pen president . 
  hollande was horrendous as president , and before that was another hated president ( sarkozy ) . 
  both the left and the right have failed france and only the national front has never been given a chance . 
  personally i always thought the only way le pen loses is against a very right wing candidate that steals much of the fn program . 
  like sarkozy did very effectively and became president . 
  or chirac before him . 
  fillon was the right man for the task but circumstances do not want him to be president . 
  this leads the fn to sure victory as the left is hated by too many people . 
  we will  le pen pr\u00e9sidente !, 
  true democracy not the brussels kleptocracy !, 
  lol no , the majority still lived in medieval style guettos . 
  excluding the holocaust , i guess they mostly went to israel and the usa . 
  only in france there is a greater amount of jews than in 1933 , in all of europe . 
  this is not a surprise to me and is well known in france that there are many jews . 
  man i did n't know haralds and fritzes were so violent with their heidis & gertrudes . 
  i guess they did not wear their burqas and it was a question of honour . 
  tough luck for those women . 
  open field for le pen if fillon is out . 
  fillon is literally the biggest danger for le pen , and he is dying right now . 
  i think he would beat le pen in a runoff though . 
  jupp\u00e9 is too weak to be next president , would be crushed in voting . 
  guy doesnt stand for anything . 
  nobody wants to vote for the ps again ( hamon ) after 5 years of their `` leadership '' . 
  nobody wants melenchon 's lunatic anywhere near office . 
  as to macron ... not a serious candidate . 
  not credible at all . 
  could show about 1000 quotes to show his platform is ridiculous . 
  he is an investment banker playing people 's man ... french hate these people . 
  be ready for first nationalist french woman president !, 
  of course the british empire was a `` good thing '' . 
  it literally brought large parts of the world into civilisation . 
  and like with all empires , it had its good and bad things . 
  do we ever say , rome was bad , because caesar conquered and exterminated part of gaul ? 
  we see rome altogether as one of the most amazing empires of history . 
  all this nonsense is historical revisionism to suit the leftist point of view , which seeks to play `` identity politics '' . 
  i hope the british stand up to this . 
  in france it 's the same thing . 
  they try to paint the french colonial empire as universally bad , which is nonsense . 
   `` simple majority '' comes from legislative procedure where you only need a majority of votes cast rather than of the whole body . 
  like the election system hitler was elected in , lmao . 
  regardless ... hitler won a plurality , simple majority , whatever . 
  my point was that the masses still overwhelmingly voted for him . 
  another poster criticised my op because `` the masses must be right '' . 
  but obviously in the case of the german 1933 election , enough people were crazy enough to vote for hitler . 
  is that the end of the semantic discussion ? 
   maybe in some colloquial usage , but the definition of `` majority '' is `` more than half '' . 
  wrong . 
  when talking about a majority in elections , we mean a simple majority , not always an absolute majority . 
  in any case , my point still stands . 
  hitler got the majority . 
  he won . 
  germans were still crazy as fuck and that was my point . 
  stop derailing the discussion . 
  that is called a majority ... what you are describing is an absolute majority . 
  majority of people also voted for hitler in 1933 , so ... 
  71 percent of french people either seem to be stupid , or politically motivated ... 
  `` fellow people '' ? 
  one has a duty to its own citizens first , no country has to pull another country out of misery . 
  there are already enough problems within a single country , without trying to make a superstate . 
  why should economically disparate nations enter the same economic bloc ? 
  makes no sense . 
  already we have a number of nations which should n't even be in the euro like greece .
