i wonder who are the perp . 
  i mean why would terrorist try to kill a football team ? 
  i think it could be very radical crazy football fans ( `` ultras '' ) maybe . 
  why are people jumping up and down about this , but never criticised the situation of homosexuals in countries like saudi arabia , qatar , tunisia , algeria , egypt , etc ? 
  yes islam is a backward medieval cult that oppresses variety of sections of society , including homosexuals . 
  this is why in the netherlands homosexuals are routinely attacked in the streets of amsterdam by bands of moroccans . 
   how the fuck could n't he get that through his thick skull even as his country had been completely occupied by nazis in his lifetime ? 
  precisely because of that . 
  european classic balance of power ( uk , france , and after ww1 the usa ) was a guarantee of peace , not the emergence of powers like germany that end up controlling all of europe in various ways . 
  you might not remember but your country was rolled over by the germans twice and ended up a glorified protectorate . 
  it has to do with the fact that a number of factions want to leave the eu for various reasons , not just the nationalistic right anymore . 
  part of the classic right , nostalgic of french independence and attitude under charles de gaulle , believes france must leave the eu and re-organise europe again along more gaullist ideas . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fouchet_plan to be honest the scariest concept for me though are the 3 outright communists on the debate , who are willing to stay in the eu but advocate complete redistribution of wealth and elimination of national debt to settle issues . 
  there are actually mad men like that in europe right now , and they are the kind of people that will really destroy europe . 
  source : the guardian . 
  i thought it was offensive to have a communist freak idiot in 2017 debating with serious people . 
  guy will never get elected , and if he did , he would make france north korea or pol pot 's cambodia . 
  his arguments , and that of the other crazy woman ( cant remember or care about her name ) , would make anybody with a semblance of logic implode . 
  i was disgusted having 3 outright communist freaks on the debate table in 2017 france . 
  lassale is a clown not a serious candidate . 
  there were a couple others that had no place on this debate . 
  dupond aignant was a good addition . 
  macron 's only trump card is insulting/attacking le pen , otherwise he is vacuous . 
  if you watched the debate , not read articles about it , you would know le pen does not want to take france out of the eu . 
  she wants a referendum about it , letting the french decide . 
  thats a huge difference and not reported by the fake media for some reason . 
  by the way there are a number of candidates which want to take france out of the eu without even referendum , they are not criticised . 
  that was a mistake though . 
  the idea of forbidding nativity scene/cr \u00e8che in town halls is something that has disgusted most french people . 
  melenchon a tiny angry communist with absolutely no chance of being elected , spouting his communist anti-religion rethoric , just disgusts most french people . 
  guy sounds like a rabbid revolutionary of the terror years of the french revolution , who wants to transform churches into `` houses of reason '' and guillotine priests . 
  also what does he have to say about islam , and the terror attack relationships ? 
  nothing . 
  lets just attack christianity and christian culture . 
  fuck this guy . 
  none of these articles portray the context of the attacks by macron , as part of the whole debate which was 3.5 hours long . 
  it really came off as cheap and uncalled for . 
  le pen was discussing a completely non-related point about sovereignity of france , and macron called her out for basically wanting world wars . 
  by the way numerous candidates on that platform also call for `` frexit '' and are somewhat nationalistic ( dupond aignant , etc ) but were not called out by macron like that , because it doesnt fit the electoral strategy . 
  macron is an incomprehensible ex-investment banker that nobody respects in france . 
  he is part of that ultra-liberal current which both the left and right are starting to hate because its so irrational . 
  i mean nobody liked macron on that set except the journalist which tells everything . 
  pretty baffling that a couple can register as married if one of the party is still a minor . 
  what a bureaucratic oversight of a pretty serious human rights issue . 
  the case of having multiple wives is also troubling . 
  what 's funny is germans are confrontational without an intent to be aggressive , they are just direct often in good-hearted way , whilst french are confrontational when the need is negative ( shout at someone to put them down , insult them , etc ) . 
  generalising i know but thats just how i feel about this , tbh  this often leads to misunderstandings . 
  germans often misunderstood as being rude , and french being understood as being rude lol . 
  french trams are modern , but i very much prefer the old style trams of vienna or other such cities !, 
  italian police seem more able to arrest and even kill jihadists than the german or french police ... good for them . 
  i 'll be honest , from the turks i met in germany & france , i noticed they are arrogant as hell , at least compared to other minority groups in europe . 
  it 's almost like the `` americans '' of europe , saying their country is the best , etc. 
  i notice for example the average turk in france & germany is on paper perfectly `` integrated '' ( speak perfect french or german , better than any other immigrant group ) , but in reality they are zero integrated : 99 % openly say turkey is better than the host country they grew up in , despite never really living in turkey , hanging out only with turks , looking down on locals as backwards compared to them , etc. 
  french here . 
  finally no dutch and especially germans at the breakfast buffet !, 
  haha , sorry had to say it . 
  by then the eu as it currently stands will no longer exist . 
  there will probably be european unions, 
  manuel valls shows the hypocrisy of the system candidates . 
  he spits on any semblant of ideology loyalty , and backs macron who is n't even a member of the socialist party , instead of backing the candidate of his own party or even the other leftist candidate ( melenchon ) . 
  the goal is clear : the election , from the right to the left , is about preventing le pen from being president . 
  issues do not matter , we will just say whatever the fuck we want to prevent le pen being elected . 
  those politicians are protecting their power just like the monarchy before the french revolution . 
  its revolting . 
  ** i also strongly think the system is making a mistake by supporting macron , despite what the so-called `` polls '' say ** . 
  macron/le pen will be won by le pen , for sure !, 
  anybody who watched the debate knows that . 
  macron is just a guy without a clear platform , he just presents himself as saying whatever ( leftist or rightist ) to make himself look like a `` pragmatic politician '' but instead appears to most french voters like a phoney ( which he is ) who doesnt show his true colours . 
  le pen totally exposed him in last debate ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu2_mamny4a ) . 
  i always said the best way to beat le pen is fillon . 
  argumentatively , he is as smart or even smarter than le pen , and doesnt let himself being destroyed in a shouting match . 
  the problem is obviously his scandals , which have arguably destroyed his candidacy ( even if he wins debates against le pen ) . 
  the other candidates ( melenchon , hamon ) are totally not credible in the eyes of most french voters . 
  there used to be a time , due to modern history propaganda , that i thought ww2 was the worst war in european history . 
  then i fucking learned about the thirty years war , which is really glossed over in europe i think . 
  i mean , germany was completely ravaged . 
  and war was waged in a completely inhumane manner , with german civilians being massacred and raped for no reason , cities being burned to the ground , etc. 
  nowhere in ww2 do you have this kind of heinous things happening , even by the russians in 1945 germany who look tame in comparison . 
  i still do n't get why that war was particularely bad , compared to the wars preceding it and after it . 
  i 'm guessing it has to do with most of the combattants being mercenaries & marauders , not regular troops . 
  indeed and that was mostly due to communism ( great leap forward , etc ) . 
  i was making the comparison about the merits of having an enlarged bureaucratic state for the sake of it . 
  thanks for showing that women should n't be combat troops , and showing the lack of training a french infantrywoman has . 
  if a civilian can disarm a soldier in cqc , what does it say about the french military ? 
  my guess is she was very wary about firing her weapon , a hesitation which is deadly in combat and would have cost her her life on the battlefield . 
  ohhhh so ambitious ... adding as many countries as possible to one entity , which is purely legal in perspective ( drawn on a piece of paper ) , which naturally increases the total gdp and population . 
  the ussr was similar . 
  as is china . 
  in the meantime the reality is we have massively economically disparate nations , a euro pegged to germany really being a deutschmark and suffocating all of europe , economies which are mostly stagnant , and a labour market which is saturated . 
  oh and we also have open borders . 
  all this without proper central authority to coordinate problems that arise , with pretty massive corruption in the european institutions ( bribes , fake salaries paid to mep and family members , etc ) . 
  are n't there laws preventing the united kingdom from disintegrating ? 
  i mean , did n't the english unify the country by force in the medieval period ? 
  it 's kind of like if in france , brittany , alsace , and corsicca all decide to have referendums . 
  no it wouldnt work because the country is `` indivisible by law '' . 
  isnt there something similar in the uk ? 
  bro we allowed you in our country  french authorities allowed turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu to hold a rally in the eastern city of metz . 
  why u burning our flag ? 
  still amazing . 
  original just looks in a different season ( spring/summer ) .
