  we will see this play out in europe over the next decades . 
  here is an interesting bestseller fiction book for what might happen to france over the next years : https://www.amazon.com/submission-novel-michel-houellebecq/dp/0374271577, 
  if you are interested in a brief overview of the numbers , have a look at this ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-hispanic_whites#historical_population_by_state_or_territory ) . 
  look at the 1940 numbers . 
  most of the us states are over 90 % white ( even 99 % ) , except the southern states . 
  of course that 's before emancipation of blacks and wide exodus from the south . 
  whiteness = european-ess . 
  north africans have quite a different look to them than europeans . 
  though some north africans can pass as portuguese . 
  of course there is the odd anomaly like the blue eyed arab , but that is rare . 
   you ca n't deny that ` white culture ' is not the historical norm for america and people should n't be making out like it is . 
  actually it is . 
  whilst it is true that the history of the two countries are different , the usa well until the 1950s was 90 % white . 
  hispanic mass immigration is a more recent phenomenon , of the past decade , whilst black population increase is something that happened from the early 20th century onward . 
  asian population also has increased really in the last 30-40 years only . 
  it only seems that the usa is so multicultural because the demographic shift has been so sudden and only over 1 or 2 generations . 
  that 's all relatively normal considering us history is only 200 years old . 
  but yes , usa was pretty much a white country , except for some isolated parts in the southern us ( slave holding states ) with large black population . 
  and even then , back then then multiculturalism did not exist because the black population had literally no contact ( was not allowed to ) with whites , so white culture was very monocultural ( anglo-scot-irish in the south ) . 
  i 'll add that in france we are experiencing something similar . 
  we 've only had mass immigration from the 70s onwards , and unofficial statistics has shown we have now about 25 % of our population that is non-ethnic french . 
  demographic shifts happen very quick . 
  they are not protesting this because they are happy to be amongst themselves , and have a right to do so . 
  this is like a libtard dream exploding in pieces . 
  in addition , whites will never demand the same thing because we have zero ethnic cohesion unlike blacks . 
  99 % of whites would find it ridiculous to have an event celebrating white-ness and wouldnt attend that . 
  i think being white is a pretty obvious thing unless you are a moron . 
  it 's importing itself thanks to mass immigration . 
  good luck trying to prevent that when your cities become 25 % or more non-german . 
  whether you like it or not , many of these people wont accept to be assimilated into some kind of neo-german nation . 
  they will cling to their roots and demand representation . 
  it 's the same thing in the usa . 
  it only happened because of the important populations of blacks , hispanics , asians , etc. . . who dont feel at ease being represented by american white culture and want their own representation . 
  it 's not about anti-racism but about african people meeting each other . 
  they do n't want people of other ethnic groups attending because clearly they want to be amongst themselves . 
  it 's not a racist thing really . 
  of course it has consequences when it comes to the unity of the french republic , but imho as a right-winger , that is the natural consequence of multi-racialism . 
  this kind of event is permitted in many countries ( ie : uk , usa , canada , etc ) where there is a multicultural non-assimilating society going on . 
  i was in the usa for a number of years in a university , where there were organisations & meetings for asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims , lgbt , etc. 
  and they would prohibit other ethnic/identity groups from attending . 
  people acting like this is something new in the west . 
  lmao what hypocrisy . 
  its been going on for decades . 
  what is happening in france is decidedly french in character . 
  france , due to its radical belief in laicit\u00e9 and the nature of the french citizen ( ignoring by law , race , religion , etc ) , is basically coming into confrontation with multiculturalism/multiracialism and its inherent communitarian results . 
  this is so ironic and causing cognitive breakdown in the left , because laicit\u00e9 is precisely about fighting racism & religious persecution , and the oppression of the white man . 
  but in this case its the coloured people demanding segregation and their own spaces , something the left wingers did not foresee at all , it was easier when the enemy was a clearly designated conservative white french . 
  the thing is that for the decades of the past , coloured people in france never really dared organise and do this kind of thing , like in the usa , uk , etc. 
  now they are starting to do it , and i think france sooner or later will adopt a `` melting pot '' type of culture and drop its laicit\u00e9 , which imho is becoming anachronistic with the times . 
  its obvious the us & british model are the way forward for multiculturalism as people can not live in harmony not being able to express their culture . 
  many french citizen of coloured origin feel totally oppressed being under a `` french identity '' they dont associate with , which breeds frustration and hate . 
  i think these organisations actually are doing good for these people . 
  they nailed the twisted german dual nature . 
  at the end of the day , none of this really means shit . 
  because all these leaders are malleable like playdough , depending on their domestic situations or international geopolitical changes . 
  trump for instance did not nearly implement the vision he set out on the campaign trail . 
  he is looking more and more like a classic republican . 
  then you have merkel which supposedly is so pro-open borders . 
  but since she took a massive hit in poll numbers since the refugee crisis , now all of the sudden she constantly is making contact with turkey to close the refugee streams . 
  it 's all a game of politics . 
  if you think any of these people have passion for any of these issues , you are fooling yourself . 
  stop with the constant racism bullshit . 
  it just so happens that arabs did 9/11 and many more terror attacks since , and mexican & latin american gangs cause the biggest problems in the usa . 
  so immigration is trying to be tightened with these groups . 
  if swedes were the biggest problem in the usa , surely trump would restrict them too . 
  much more than 1 million . 
  closer to 2 million . 
  and many more are there , just not deported yet , many of them already lost in the schengen area . 
  this is precisely why relations are good . 
  they want them to be good . 
  japanese history is littered with defeats against the russians , except their first encounter with them . 
  they literally gave up fighting in ww2 because the russians entered the war against them . 
  russia is one of the biggest geopolitical danger to japan , so they must turn them into an ally . 
  being made of pure light means being a prostitute to the eu and germany . 
  he was a prostitute as a banker and at home with his wife , he will be a prostitute to merkel . 
  and they applaud that . 
  they dont want charles de gaulle 's france , that would be too rough for them . 
  that 's precisely why americans voted for trump , tbh . 
  actually even women in full veil are fair game in many of these countries . 
  rape and sexual assault are often not even taken seriously when it comes to unmarried women . 
  it 's a band-aid on a gaping wound though . 
  it depends also of your own attitude , `` whats inside your own head '' . 
  some people can be miserable anywhere . 
  the entire iberian peninsula was originally populated by celts ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtiberians, 
  so your point is they should outlaw it ? 
  its these people 's choice to have hope and believe in such a thing . 
  let them believe if they want . 
  its only depressing to you not these people whose heart is filled with hope at this . 
  because macron is an honest politician . 
  lmao . 
  you people are hilarious . 
  they were , since the comintern specifically instructed communist cells in western europe to stand down to the german occupations . 
  that is , until the invasion of the ussr in 1941 when they were told the opposite . 
  before 1941 germany & ussr had a non-aggression pact and there were even talks of the ussr joining the axis . 
  well she wants to keep the 35 hours , so that is not a problem . 
  you are right changing labour laws is difficult and causes massive backlash . 
  but it 's possible of course . 
  look at the controversial el khomri laws passed under hollande government . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_khomri_law . 
  or the loi macron which proposes to allow sunday work ( very controversial in france ) .
