  this is a clear political hit job . 
  she is the biggest danger of 2017 , as trump was to 2016 , and europe/france does n't want to have it happen . 
  they are clearly trying to prevent her from participating in the presidential election in april . 
  to knock her out like that would be soooo convenient . 
  macron president and all will be fine again , within france and eu relations . 
  this shit makes me want bastille day all over again and for real this time . 
  i fully agree and love satire . 
  but what bothers me is they are not satirising the controversial themes . 
  i mean , everybody criticises trump these days , what is new ? 
  this is n't humor . 
  its political criticism . 
  could be one of those `` sudden urge to commit random terror act '' terrorist , rather than a daesh planned & organised one . 
  i am actually not in paris and not even in france right now . 
  i hear and watch all this chaos on the internet , and am wondering if its as bad as it sounds . 
  do you live in france ? 
  otherwise i do n't think your opinion is really important . 
  because he is a very dislikeable figure . 
  he is blue blood elite trying to pass as the people . 
  he has made tons of contradictory statements too , just to please various people . 
  he is hypocritical and everyone knows it . 
  fillon is dead in the water and i doubt most french people take a guy like macron seriously . 
  its too bad for fillon , i thought he was an amazing candidate until it came out he was literally stealing taxpayer money for his own gain whilst advocating cutting french government expenditure . 
  if it comes down to le pen & benoit hamon , le pen will win by a landslide and rightly so ... french people had 5 years of the french spd , they had enough . 
  how retarded are these people ? 
  they are literally aping the_donald . 
  if schulz gets elected , i think germans wo n't ever be able to call the french retarded any longer . 
  this is why legal immigrants in the usa usually are hard-working , unnoticed type of people . 
  the usa is a pretty harsh environment where you will have to work hard to survive , and the government barely gives you any hand-out . 
  in addition , it 's not a place where acting aggressive & invasive will be tolerated ( you will probably be shot for it ) . 
  i say this as someone who had lived in/visited the usa for some time . 
  it 's a pretty harsh country compared to most western european countries , where being an immigrant you get the red carpet put out for you . 
   trump 's intentions for europe are not good ones and even if his actions result in a positive effect for europe that does not mean i have to trust him . 
  trump basically has the same views of europe as eisenhower or any us president would have had . 
  i do n't see a particular hate for europe , in fact he spoke numerous times about how he admired merkel , before the migrant crisis . 
  trump is simply pro-american , and wants europe to foot the bill of nato more , in addition to enacting pro-american trade deals . 
  i do n't really see anything wrong with that . 
  would i deny that american allies have been free-loading on us power , when it came to military operations ? 
  no certainly not . 
  trump is just saying common sense , and we in europe just need to adapt to an environment where we cant expect the usa to provide everything for us anymore , whilst we sneer at them with arrogance . 
  i almost feel that the anger against trump in europe comes from things which had to change sooner or later , changing . 
  nuclear war had the same likelihood under bush , obama , or trump . 
  in fact numerous presidents in the history of the usa almost used nukes , such as lyndon johnson & richard nixon , and even kennedy ( during the cuba missile crisis ) . 
  it depends on factors that are global , mostly the actions of iran and north korea , aswell as russia . 
  regarding russia , at least , there is a chance of detente . 
  the ironic part about this is that it shows how clueless people are . 
  the obama administration knew how to market itself , despite involving itself in costly wars and , in the case of germany , conducting heavy espionage both on the german government but also german citizens . 
  yet germans think at the time the usa is such a trusted partner , just because there is a smiling black man at the helm of it . 
  now there is a more openly confrontational president , who might actually push the germans ( and europe ) in the right direction , and people hate him . 
  democracy at its finest . 
  none of these people will be in history books . 
  or maybe they will be ... as fools . 
  europe has never been great in its history when it was united in some abstract form . 
  it was only great as a set of separate units , one of which took overwhelming power over the others . 
  at time france , at others england , or italy , germany ... 
   i ca n't remember any position she flip-flopped on as a response to external pressure ( such as trump ) . 
  i 'm purely speaking about pressure coming from the usa , and under 8 years of obama 's administration , the pressure really has been low overall , with pres. 
  obama more or less supporting merkel 's policies in europe . 
  merkel will still win against either of these guys . 
  lesser evil principle . 
  at this point i think us politics will affect/change germany more than german politics . 
  i expect merkel to flip flop on almost all her principles in the next weeks . 
  it is . 
  but only because the british government allowed the referendum to take place in the first place , thus implying that the people would have a say in the matter . 
  if they intended for parliament to have a final say on the matter , there should not have been a referendum at all imho . 
  this sounds pretty dangerous to the british democracy . 
  even if legally it 's justified , it 's like asking the people to be angry . 
   i doubt the average german 's `` guilt '' is any more powerful than the average frenchman 's devotion to la\u00efcit\u00e9 . 
  in truth , it 's mostly the government proning la\u00efcit\u00e9 , in a mostly catholic country . 
  it 's really a relic of the french revolution and it 's anti-clericalism . 
  that 's not exactly what i mean . 
  i do n't mean that we should n't understand the emotions involved in history , but we should n't let ourselves be guided by emotions to analyse it . 
  the french revolution is an excellent example . 
  it is an extremely complex event that was not simply about `` people storming the bastille '' , but about bankruptcy , finances of the kingdom , plotting factions , etc. 
  of course it tends to be taught in france as the day the people took matter into their own hands ( at least at high-school level ) , but that is erroneous . 
  and it is interesting that an event like the french revolution is still so controversial . 
  that only leads one to think that something as close as the third reich must be insanely controversial and emotional . 
   i do not believe in a concept of national / inherited guilt to begin with . 
  i actually somewhat agree with that . 
  the effect produced is more complex than simply guilt . 
  it could be more akin to group-think . 
  believing a set of ideas because they are accepted by the group . 
  all i can say about the french part of history , is that in the past decade it has seen strong pressure to be `` revisioned '' to fit political ideals , and that is in my opinion disastrous . 
  history should be seen as a scientific field , only backed up by tangible data , not emotions , at least that is my opinion . 
  yet it is misused by people in power to fit certain agendas . 
  and through all that , the real meaning of history is lost . 
  i think the third reich period of history should be studied in a very careful and scientific way , without emotions , but of course that is difficult because many people still ca n't address that topic without emotions . 
  i think we still need maybe 100 or more years , or maybe even just 50 , and we will all be more clear about the role of ww2 in european history . 
  at the same time , it is a good argument whether or not a people should be kept guilt-ridden by its history or not . 
  personally , i would not wish to live in such a country . 
  ww2 does n't really fall into the `` cracking down on people '' , that 's disingenuous . 
  if that is the case , which of the 80 million have been cracked down by the ussr , which also participated in that war ? 
  the communist ussr liquidated about 7.5 million ukrainians with engineered famines , purged between 2 & 3 million people during the `` great purge '' , during the so called `` dekulakization & forced collectivization '' an estimated 11 million peasants were either liquidated or deported to gulag . 
  nothing on that scale of crackdowns happened in germany proper , on german citizens . 
  im not condoning the nazi regime ( i hate to even have to say that ) , but nazi germany was a better place to live than the ussr , at least for the average citizen . 
  the fascists do n't crack down on nearly as many people though . 
  this is especially true in countries that are homogeneous to begin with . 
  the far right of today has nothing to do with the pre-1945 far right . 
  the origins are totally different . 
  the ancient far right stems from reactionary movements , whilst the current far right is only the far right of the liberal post-ww2 system ( liberal democracies ) . 
  in other words , the current far right is democratic/liberal whilst the old far right wanted monarchy or some other form of authoritarianism .
