  however i do have some questions raised : * if you have one constituency , then you should have the same for other districts . 
  for instance , i am french abroad not living in northern europe , would love to hear about proposals for other districts . 
  * in the spirit of fairness , other parties should also be allowed to post ama here . 
  just know that as i will vote fn for the presidential , i am happy to vote for the fn candidate in my own constituency ( central europe ) . 
  ps : i believe its key the fn also not forgets about french abroad !!, 
  yes , why have democracy at all ? 
  democracy is not good . 
  the russian activities in europe are a joke compared to how involved the americans are though ... hence why its fucking relevant to the discussion . 
  furthermore , american actions are fully tolerated and accepted by our governments . 
  russian actions ever since the ussr collapsed are absolutely nothing compared to american actions . 
  as if the americans were not worse and hadnt done the same in europe for decades . 
  how about american activities in germany for instance , where the entirety of the media ( source : udo ulfkotte `` bought journalists '' ) is sold to pro-israel pro-american causes ? 
  germany , a country where the intelligence service is proven to openly allow the american intelligence to spy on its own citizens . 
  i just love all these moralising pro-americans telling us that russia is the big bad guy . 
  i would be much more comfortable with a german style pluralistic system ... too much anger in france right now , too crazy to give only one radical guy all the power . 
  maybe people will vote the worst candidate ( macron ) just to keep france from being either communist or nationalist . 
  if it comes down to le pen vs. melenchon , trust me there will be blood in french streets , france is finished . 
  either of those win , the other faction will initate civil war . 
  hamon is a decent guy but not credible , especially as he has the legacy of the socialist party and hollande presidency behind him . 
  also the socialist party & hollande stabbed him in the back , since they are ( open secret ) backing macron . 
  the sad state of french politics ( srs ) . 
  socialist party is a joke after hollande presidency , doesnt have any legitimacy . 
  hamon 's program is a joke . 
  and since people are disillusioned with the right and angry , communist candidates arthaud & poutou get votes , and melenchon is considered by many a light & sane version of communism so vote for him . 
  just look at r/socialism for the support melenchon gets . 
  basically a little like usa but more extreme , france is split between masses of young people and immigrant and working class , voting far left , and the rest votes far right . 
  then the minority of people who still want the status quo probably will vote macron as fillon/hamon not credible . 
  that 's quite irrelevant though because germany wields much more power in europe and has basically no military . 
  germany holds the balance of power in europe , in fact the balance itself is a sham these days , germany runs europe through the eu institutions and its economic clout . 
  nukes as a measure of power dates back to the times when the balance of power in europe was decided by how many young men you could send to die . 
  this is all obsolete in the current eu . 
  it 's not about benefit , but moral legitimacy . 
  what is the legal and moral legitimacy of ending universal suffrage , in a modern democracy ? 
  by definition , you would have to violate constitutional rights of most modern countries . 
  it 's not legally feasible , even if i 'd agree with it in practice . 
  though i believe the restrictions have to be extremely well thought out ( someone with a phd doesnt have more legitimacy than someone with a highschool degree imho . 
  intelligence is not the only required criteria . 
  plenty of immoral high intelligence people who have zero sense of civic duties ) . 
  in the end you would just be switching democracy to some kind of neo-aristocracy driven mostly by material wealth . 
  so you are arguing against universal suffrage ? 
  what 's next ? 
  handicapped , homosexuals , and women not allowed to vote ? 
  this is ultimately a pointless debate . 
  we live in this system and we have to accept it . 
  in addition restricting suffrage makes you no better than what erdogan is trying to achieve . 
  well if you pretend to have a democratic system , yes . 
  otherwise do n't call yourself a democracy and do n't even give voting rights to people if you get angry when they vote `` the wrong way '' . 
  this is democracy . 
  you ca n't piss on the majority just because they do n't have your ideals . 
  a democracy must represent its majority . 
  lol m\u00e9lenchon will not win , french are not that crazy . 
  if it really comes down to melenchon/lepen , people will massively vote lepen even the normies . 
  but it wont , it will be an establishment candidate ( fillon , macron , etc ) vs. lepen . 
  boohoo a racist , never heard this insult before , have i ? 
  not to mention berlin is nothing economically compared to other european capitals and other major german economic centres . 
  it 's not really the last centuries and paris as a very central region historically in france has nothing to do with it . 
  france used to have very vibrant provincial cities , but the closing of industry & manufacturing in various towns , not too long ago really ( 80s ) , is what really changed things . 
  it 's similar to what happened in the uk with london becoming disproportionately larger economically than the rest of britain . 
  bruh ... 
  rural france = damn ... 
  damn southern germany seems much richer than the north overall . 
  also one of the annoyances to me on this map are most regions not being equal . 
  for instance , the entirety of republic of ireland as a region ? 
  this comment is cynically ironic to a terrible degree . 
  wow . 
   yes , she was a bit out of her league . 
  but most of her comments were the normal soundbites ( `` we need courage to tackle problems , we need france '' etc. ) . 
  i do n't understand why m\u00e9lenchon had to go out on a rant about how france elected a left government . 
  again , the tone was very bad . 
  also , like m\u00e9lenchon said , it 's about 2 viewpoints of europe arguing . 
  one more socialistic and familial , the other more capitalistic ( at all costs ) . 
  but i think m\u00e9lenchon ( along with the other 2 political leaders here ) were completely enraged by the tone of the woman . 
  i understand the french mentality and i know to hear this woman , very stereotypical german , calling on them from berlin to give them orders , really turned on their emotions rather than rationality . 
   that 'd surprise me , considering most french were n't even alive back then . 
  yeah but you under-estimate how powerful this is ingrained in the french psyche . 
  it 's a little bit like the relation between jews and germany . 
  when the stereotypical german comes , it provokes a reaction in the frenchman . 
  i think this is why many in france are hoping for an spd or even further left government in germany . 
  because their tone is much more what french would like to hear ( at least french on the socialist side ) . 
  i am not disagreeing with that . 
  i think many authentic commies would be quite happy if russia gained more power to counterbalance the power of the usa . 
  reason is ... usa sponsors liberalism which the commies hate . 
  m\u00e9lenchon by the way has made positive comments about other states such as north korea , venezuela , cuba , etc. 
  it 's not only russia . 
  imho m\u00e9lenchon is part of that more global hard-left ideology , that was very frustrated by the collapse of ussr in 1990 , and their ideology is driven by that . 
  it 's pretty terrible that this woman , comes with a level of french which is inadequate . 
  she talked with a tone that was highly disrespectful which is what turned off the discussion . 
  though as a german speaker i fully understand she did not mean it , and was pretty rational . 
  she just completely bombed as to how to deliver the message . 
  i think to most french people , this reminded them of the worst hours of the german occupation , with the monochromatic tone of german propaganda `` french people should do x & y '' . 
  dat face at 1:42 . 
  lmao . 
  guy looks like communist pepe about to blow a fuse . 
  he is not pro putin , he is anti-usa nato hegemony which he feels that is ruining the western world . 
  that is classic communist rethoric pre-ussr collapse , which he was part of in his youth . 
  also he opposes liberal-capitalism ( also classic communist position ) which of course puts him at odds with the german position in europe which is basically the figurehead of liberal-capitalism in europe . 
  he doesnt oppose the german nation/people he opposes what germany stands for in the capitalistic system which exploits the workers in europe , the germany that is just a pawn of the usa capitalistic enterprise . 
  macron is just literally a plan by the parti socialiste to keep power , since hollande is so unpopular they decided to put macron as candidate instead of hollande . 
  somehow as an independent to unite both center right and left voters . 
  its a scam on a grand scale .
