  however when we speak of beer , which the majority of the world drinks , we speak of everything other than ale . 
  ale does n't taste like beer at all , it has a completely different consistency and taste . 
  most non-ale beers are lager which is what i referred as `` beer '' . 
   they bring in more tourist money then it costs as a `` wage '' . 
  i think that 's a number that will be very hard to corroborate . 
  not to mention that the royal family could still exist , outside of politics , even if the monarchy was abolished . 
  and i am sure people would still visit them . 
  the queen 's role is basically also only to rubberstamp the policies of the british parliament & prime minister . 
  i just find that they receive enormous amounts of money for the little power they have . 
  [ always cracks me up . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prpxyzwj33a ), 
  many of those that look like offices or modern ( ie : germany ) means they were bombed to hell during ww2 . 
  sounds so degenerate . 
  this is why aristocracy was eliminated in much of europe at some point , britain just didnt get there . 
  i would hate to have to pay for these people to even exist . 
  get real jobs for god 's sake . 
  do n't even get me started on the salary of the queen . 
  being that the queen/royal family is the most useless thing in britain , like a living museum . 
  not really . 
  the british tend to have particular ales , not beers . 
  ales are a very specific taste thing , and different to beer . 
  the beer the british drink day to day in pubs is very average . 
  if you could define the romans in one word , i would reply : engineering . 
  there were many facets to their culture , but engineering works seem to appear whenever they go , in peace or war . 
  rome lasted long enough ( almost 1500 years ) . 
  in those times , it was unlikely that an empire would already last that long . 
  rome died a natural death . 
  ** `` to ravage , to slaughter , to usurp under false titles , they call empire ; and where they make a desert , they call it peace . '', 
  `` what we do in life , echos in eternity '' - maximus . 
  google & facebook probably hate europe at this point . 
  i am talking about teaching evolution as part of human history , not the process of evolution itself . 
  this is always such a crazy issue , but let 's be honest how much of an impact on a person does secondary school history classes have on a person ? 
  personally i formed all my real history knowledge from post-education self-learning . 
  history in public schools is just about learning as much as possible in the space of a short time , so you dont end up learning anything really ... 
  [ only when you have n't seen the short shorts of the french legion 's tropical uniform . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/67/88/0c/67880cbca2489c40036ca0e5a3668547.jpg ), 
  and i hope such beautiful animals never see war . 
  yeah wtf is it with that uniform , god damn . 
  that legion looks like a very relaxed version of the french one . 
  honestly , dont you think all parties more or less did that ? 
  i dont believe any party in france or european politics , did not do something shady with financing too . 
  i mean ... over here in france , sarkozy was the last one . 
  was n't he completely against multiculturalism in germany ? 
  wow i did n't realise he was already 87 . 
  from what i heard about him , i only felt deep respect for him . 
  he was one of the old breed european politician . 
  like mitterand in france . 
  all the german chancellors after him were not the same . 
  that does n't fucking seem like german german to me . 
  american father , saying his son is on a european trip ? 
  has drugs in backpack ? 
  speaks english as first language instead of communicating auf deutsch to police ? 
  `` everybody i dont like is a nazi '' . 
  was he a german german , or a german something else ? 
  edit : fuck the people downvoting me . 
  germans grow some **** balls . 
  only trying to get at the truth here . 
  oh but the truth is scary is n't it ? 
  better not let it out that would ruin the narrative right ? 
  pathetic people . 
  that 's what happens when a region is annexed not too long ago . 
  when the germans annexed alsace-lorraine after the 1870 war , you can bet no frenchman would consider it germany . 
  i think danzig , silesia , etc. . . still have too obvious german links to be considered completely polish yet , even though legally it is poland ( many german grandparents come from these regions ) . 
  in 50-100 years it will definitely be though . 
  what effectively happened in poland , is eastern poland was annexed by ussr and eastern poles were given eastern prussia as compensation ... the eastern poles are themselves exiles and were given land of exiles ... ironic . 
  nobody ever talks about that , it was war . 
  they are incompetent but then again both tories & labour are terribly incompetent . 
  the state of uk politics is bad . 
  scandinavians were different than continental germanic tribes though . 
  you only need to compare the differences between modern germans and scandinavians . 
  they only look similar in the northern part of germany . 
  the anglo-saxon were german looking , not scandinavian/norse looking . 
  the problems i mentioned were more about the large amount of non-integrated people in society , who are `` paper french '' . 
  not family reunification . 
  the family reunification citizenship , we will get the consequences/problems in one generation when these kids grow up , also non-integrated . 
  as to problems in society , just realise for instance that in a number of departments and communes in france ( and this also happens in cities like london ) , the # 1 name given to babies in maternities is `` mohammed '' . 
  this tells the entire story about what we will experience in the next decades . 
  if someone is currently born in france or germany , he has access to the citizenship instantly , unless he revokes it at 18 . 
  over the past decade europe in general has moved to `` right of soil '' citizenship to quickly integrate more people . 
  in france we call this `` regroupement familial '' ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/family_reunification ) , which means tons of migrants go to europe , just have babies , and then not only the baby but the migrant get citizenship too ( because child is french so they argue the family can not not be french and leave the baby alone ) . 
  there is obviously tons of fraud with this . 
  having a father or mother from the country should determine 90 % of the citizenships . 
  immigrants should not immediately gain citizenship , they should first be in the country for at least 10 years and be productive members of society , then they would be naturalised . 
  this was the old way in european countries and worked fine . 
  also , all immigrants do n't need to be made citizens . 
  for example many would just like to work for some time in the country . 
  i myself spent 7 years abroad in a foreign country , and did not expect citizenship nor did i really need it ( a work visa was enough for me ) . 
  it 's just too easy these days , and has resulted in catastrophic societal problems . 
  well there is a fine line between racism and not accepting a foreign culture ( and them not accepting ours ) . 
  i guess i use `` racism '' as the word is currently used , meaning some kind of prejudice towards specific people & cultures . 
  it 's undeniable i think that populations of muslim background , especially the poor communities from north africa which were `` imported '' to fill low level jobs in europe that europeans did not want to do for low pay ( in the 1960s , 70s ) , faced quite a bit of racism or at least prejudice in france , belgium , netherlands ( wherever they went ) . 
  of course part of the reason is because the cultures were so different . 
  the attitudes to women , the lack of education , the lack of language speaking skills , the religious differences , etc. 
  but i just think it would be ignorant to ignore this difficult component when it comes to the resentment many of these populations have for the white european local cultures . 
  there are also many good films exploring this issue ( la haine , wolf - dutch film - , etc ) . 
  but again , i think in the background of all that are economic issues . 
  for instance in france , we imported all these people without necessarily having jobs for them . 
  i think a statistic already in the 1960s showed over 50 % of unemployed in france were muslims/algerians . 
  we promised them eldorado and they faced unemployement and racism in bleak & cold european cities that was another world from their warm meditteranean lifestyles & homes . 
  france , germany , etc. . .
