  of course germans love macron because he will do nothing to oppose the system they thrive in . 
  melenchon/lepen final duel , trust me on this . 
  am nationalistic-right , will vote for marine on sunday . 
  that said , i would vote for m\u00e9lenchon without hesitation if it came to him and macron/fillon . 
  m\u00e9lenchon cares for the french nation ( i just disagree with his social-chauvinism ) , macron/fillon are disgusting liberals that spit on the french nation . 
  so do lots of french politicians . 
  it 's a logical target as germany represents the eu and many french people are starting to hate the eu . 
  though i would say marine le pen is less about attacking germany & germans per se , than angela merkel as an individual part of the `` brussels clique '' . 
  but again attacking the germans in french anti-eu politics ( from the left to the right ) is kind of an easy and cheap way to gain points , so its inevitable ... you kind of see that phenomenon all over economies which are not so vibrant anymore with lots of unemployment . 
  my point of view also is that hatred is mostly created by government propaganda and most people whether in ww1 , ww2 , etc. . . did not really hate each other . 
  even today , many bullshit things are always amplified by the media which is probably the worst organisation in society . 
  i mean , maybe german media is less misleading . 
  but everytime there is a football game against germany in worldcup or eurocup , they really play up the chauvinism in french media . 
  i remember last time french media even brought back schumacher on tv and played clips where he was saying he did not regret his actions , etc. 
  kept talking about the 1982 game over and over like anybody in france still gave a shit about this ( nobody did ... but all the sudden started to again due to the media ) . 
  i am on the very right of politics and even i ca n't stand what i call `` little chauvinism '' . 
  it 's so dumb and stupid , it 's really appealing to the lowest denominator in society , and almost every society/country falls to it as its human nature somehow . 
  but i will say that i think germans overall are much less guilty of it than french or other nations ( ie : americans ) . 
  do n't get me wrong they still fall to it , but in a much softer way than we french do . 
  at the end of the day , treating another person not like his nationality but like a human , is amazing . 
  but so many people see nationality before they see the person . 
  p\u00e9tain would approve !, 
  in bavaria 8:15 beer is normal . 
  you obviously do n't seem to live near any us military bases in germany , where soldiers get regularely arrested for drunk sieg heiling , especially at oktoberfest , happens every year . 
  except unlike europeans/germans , the us soldiers get a slap on the wrist and never get charged . 
  that 's funny considering poland is practically an authoritarian system now . 
   if he imagined the american waddling around heil-hitler-ing random germans minding their own business . 
  i would legit laugh , not assault the guy . 
  also the fact the assaulter ran away from police , is not very good sign . 
  the wehrmacht is still highly respected amongst the bundeswehr . 
  from the officer level down to the individual soldier in the bundeswehr . 
  after all , the bundeswehr 's original officer corps was 100 % ex-wehrmacht , probably many with nazi sympathies . 
  i do n't blame the germans . 
  prussian military culture was brilliant , back to napoleonic times , and should not be condemned . 
  preussens gloria !, 
  at the same time , who is the criminal here ? 
  i would venture to say the assaulter will be jailed whilst you can not take as seriously a drunken man doing roman salutes , even in germany . 
  physical violence is illegal . 
  pure and simple . 
  does n't matter about the politics involved . 
  that assaulter should n't have assaulted a drunken man doing nazi salutes . 
  just like i would n't assault and beat to a pulp some drunken man in the german subway after oktoberfest , who is yelling `` your mommy is dumb '' or something . 
  that is assault . 
  but of course on reddit which is very left-wing , sometimes legal matters go out the window when right-wingers or anything resembling right wingers ( as in this case ) get assaulted/killed/etc . 
  what 's most incredible is comparing tolerance of a relationship with a asian or black person with that of a muslim . 
  people seem to be much more tolerant of an interracial relationship , but when it comes to muslims , there is resistance . 
  it 's not surprising in the least if you have basic knowledge of german history , social classes , how society works , etc. 
  these practices have been common in germany in various shapes or form for about 200 years , regardless of the regime involved . 
  it of course reached total height in nazi germany . 
  all of these reasons are precisely why corruption is likely to happen and so obvious . 
  business & government should be in theory separate . 
  however in germany , politicians and business executives regularely switch seats and give each other favourable policies . 
  it 's the worst level of corruption possible , and in some cases , like the vw emissions case , it probably indicates part of the german government is criminally liable . 
  but nothing will ever come out of this for obvious reasons . 
  they are impossible to attack unless by some international court of justice . 
  in germany there is wide collusion between the capitalist class and the political class . 
  this is especially true with major industrial groups , which are owned by the same landed-elite since the 19th century ( krupp , siemens , etc ) . 
  it is especially controversial when you examine cases like the volkswagen emissions case . 
  i had read an article on this , i believe in the ft aswell , and it was blatantly obvious that there were links to the german government , who is so intertwined with volkswagen that it could almost be called a government agency . 
  however , keep in mind numerous countries work in the same way . 
  japan for example and their zaibatsus . 
  korea and their chaebols . 
  even in the us there is strong collusion between big business and politics , particularely with the defense sector , the industrial sector , the finance sector , and now the technology sector . 
  the collusion is just more indirect than in ex-feudal countries like germany or japan , which have a long history of aristocratic control of sectors . 
  * mass immigration of unskilled , low iq , violent , un-integratable people , who also have high fertility rates , and who will try to replace european people . 
  * the religion of islam . 
  * the abuse of nature/resources through the market system currently in place in europe . 
  that 's on top of my head . 
  [ germany was allied with china shortly before ww2 , and then switched to support japan later on . 
  many nazis were against this though . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-german_cooperation_1926%e2%80%931941 ), 
  as if fascism and the right was the biggest danger to europe right now . 
   he slapped me across the face . 
  probably overkill . 
  lol tolerant germans . 
  in france if that happened they would be thrown out of the store lol . 
   the french refuse to accept that not everyone speaks or at least understands their language . 
  some german people speak outstanding french though . 
   looks like this tourist had no problems with racism and was pretty ignorant about the history of a country he visited as a tourist . 
  to me he sounds like a benign chinaman having a bit of fun , snapping a cool picture of the hitler salute in front of a major german landmark . 
  kind of like holding a baguette in front of the eiffel tower or something . 
  but this completely benign bullshit of course is no go in schizophrenic germany . 
  the moslems love force , and believe whoever has force is given this force by god ( allah ) , so he must be supported . 
  when hitler shook the ( mostly british ) world order , the muslim world saw it as an act of god . 
  in north africa , panzer columns were greeted by enthusiastic `` heil rommel '' . 
  this was also the beginning of the end of franco-british colonialism in the arab world , as the arabs thought the `` invincible french/british man '' was no longer supported by god . 
  napoleon is seen as a french hitler in great britain , whilst in france there is a common unspoken consensus that `` he was the greatest '' , even if officially french respect republicanism . 
  do n't forget the case of india where he is literally revered . 
  i think it has to do with the idea that he wanted to free india from the british . 
  please . 
  you 're meaning to tell me that there is no concern from the average buerger who has some migrant centre established on the way his children or grandchildren take to school ? 
  they are not all far right . 
  they are just hoping , whether they are cdu or spd voters , that there is some kind of sensible change in policy . 
  i am the same . 
  i would never vote afd because i think they are incompetent . 
  i would vote csu if i were german . 
  but i am 100 % conservative nationalist . 
  and i am sure some people at both the csu and spd share my feelings . 
  i still think there is the potential for crackdown by police , hence why i completely abstain from posting on facebook . 
  could be paranoid but better safe than sorry .
