i said that as a response to someone getting downvoted for a - to me - very reasonable and understandable reaction . 
  afterall the other guy was showing willingness to send all innocent refugees into certain death . 
  i have commented several times in these threads that i am displeased with the way people are commenting in these kinds of threads . 
  maybe you are right and i am not doing much to change that . 
  i am honestly shocked by the state of these subs and the rampant extremism and ignorance , and every time i realize that i cant do much about it since in this enviroment even reasonable and valuable comments which i could maybe produce very likely will get downvoted . 
  thats the background of my comments . 
  i as a somewhat liberal socialist german guy that hopes for a somewhat unified world and freedom and wealth for every human ; i am sad enough about the state of these discussions here that i honestly feel helpless about it . 
  i usually love reddit , even when the hivemind sometimes is a bit chaotic , but these comment sections specifically about for example the cologne assaults - the cologne dome a place very close to my heart - honestly seem like extremist right-wing nationalistic discussion forums to many germans like me . 
  i have shown these threads to a number of german friends and relatives and the very most reacted in disgust . 
  not saying we are perfect or anything or have some weird authority on political correctness , but its honestly the nightmare of a progressive german , seeing groups like pregida or afd grow in power . 
  its honestly not the anti-europe side of those ideologies , i can see arguments they make about economy and politics , but its the amount of irrational hate and fear . 
  maybe it is insulting of me to somehow apply this to people who state reasonable opinions in these comment sections , and comparing them with right wing nuts . 
  but again , in the last big 4 threads about cologne there hasnt been a single comment along the lines of `` i dont want to look like a right wing extremist , but this trend for refugee behaviour is highly worrying . 
  it is possible that the politicians misjudged the situation and are unwilling to accept that reality . '' . 
  that would be a comment i could fully accept . 
  its reasonable thinking and phrasing , but the majority of comments are so incredibly far from that , they are not how one would usually expect it from reddit or any anti-nationalistic european discussion . 
  well i dont think the un would activly try to spread culture like pop music or social behaviour like divorce rates . 
  most of these things are honestly consequences of progress and modern society . 
  when media becomes efficent then `` popular music '' or popular forms of media just are easier to market . 
  every single country has their form of `` pop music '' , and actually we are the verge of this stoping , with finally internet and on-demand making humans independent regarding their media consumption . 
  divorce rates are a consequence of people understanding themselves and others better and realizing that the concept of marriage has alot of problems , most humans are monogamous but switch partners every several years , its really just biology and humans accepting that reality in form of new social norms/freedoms . 
  i could go on with a number of these , but with a few of course you are correct , actual political and economic problems `` spreading '' like extreme consumerism is a big threat , but i would hope that we deal with those problems in the first place , since they are objectively problematic . 
  i often see people fearing culture becoming generalized and meshed ... but i think this is mostly irrational , because while mass production would maybe let one to believe that only the popular stuff gets produced , at the same time the new age of internet and personalized media/products will actually allow for much more diversity . 
  once the barriers of culture get lifted the good things will remain , after all they are enjoyable right ? 
  maybe some `` unique elements will mostly be extinguished '' , like traditional wood shoes for example , but thats maybe just a natural thing to happen , but even then you still have history books and tradtional festivals and so on . 
  maybe this all sounds like daydreaming , but if you would want to have a good idea of this , imagine you are have a `` free '' decent income and a golden ticket for a lifetime of free world travel . 
  you would experience all countries and all cultures and take things with you that you enjoy . 
  of course with the sheer multitude of things around , you wouldnt have time or bagspace for everything . 
  but you will enjoy your time with all sorts of authentic things , and really its you that matters and not people around you having some weird expectations on what you should be liking/spending your time with . 
  what exactly are you worried about . 
  what has to be taken care of in germany that we have to ignore millions of people suffering and dying when we could without much impact help them . 
  like honestly , in an extreme version of reality , would you want to live in a secluded super rich country while the rest of the world is suffering ? 
  no , there has to be a line drawn somewhere , afterall we still are one humanity and act in empathy towards ` strangers ' for a number of reasons . 
  i am not `` infiltrated by this moral epidemic '' , its actually a pretty refined form of ethics i aquired throughout my life called the concepts of empathy and individuality . 
  however i do agree that just logically the number of `` immigrants '' , or refugees rather cant be infinite . 
  at some point it would have serious consequences . 
  but right now politicians and experts are still confident that things are under control . 
  it maybe has to stop at some point , yes . 
  but i have no reason to believe that you know anything about this exact point , and that your opinion isnt lead by anything but irrational fear , antagonism and some weird form of nationalism . 
  please feel free to state your arguments though . 
  what will be the impact on the future ? 
  care to mention a few american values or bad aspects of american culture you are worried about ? 
  its not like i couldnt think of any , i am just not clear what exactly you expect the un to ` spread ' . 
  the un effectively already is a world government and its not looking that bad , maybe ineffective currently , but not that american-like . 
  i would guess like maybe 60 years until humanity effectively works together . 
  depends mostly on the ` problem of religion ' , the effects of climate change/resource scarcity and china . 
  but yeah if things go badly it could take as long as it takes for most humans to be educated enough to basically force their politcal leaders , again , china might be a problem . 
  what ? 
  culture doesnt have to be homogenized for humanity to be unified . 
  politics and economy will most likely continue to grow closer , and via the internet communication and culture barries will be lifted . 
  thats about it , thats all that is required . 
  having europe devolve to an american-like state would be terrifying . 
   second , i do not support the deportation of innocent refugees okay i have to apologize , i thought that this was part of the thread where i commented on someone suggesting exactly that , and in my mind you chimed in to more or less defend that view . 
  sorry , these threads are extremely chaotic and hard to read through with all the emotional statements and vote brigading . 
  anyways , i can understand the arguments you are making , i just think you are drawing too `` big '' conclusions from them . 
  also in a few muslim countries people actually are that stupid , some immigrants come to germany expected to be surrounded by sluts , because that is what they have been taught , also rape and all sorts of backwards things do go on in other countries . 
  i relaize this is a weak ` defense ' for such criminal behaviour , but i honestly do think that good integration and police awareness will get these issues under control . 
  anyways i dont think i will be able to convince you of anything , because essentially i agree with quite a few of the things you are saying . 
  i am just way less pessimistic and have faith that the very most refugees are not reckless animals . 
   taken a profound step back in terms of what most people consider civilized , prudent and cultured behaviour what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  the criminal activities of some organised refugees ? 
  the sexist behaviour of a number of refugees that have misconceptions of how to behave in a civilized world ? 
  i can see that people dont want that . 
  but those issues can most likely be handeled by police and better integration , yes even deportation in cases of criminal behaviour . 
  however i dont see why you would support the deportation of millions of innocent refugees . 
  you seem to speak of economic refugees most of the time and kind of ignore the war refugees , whats up with that ... it honestly feels like you are worried about a split society where traditional germans/europeans just have to accept the backwards worldview of the refugee/immagrant part of society . 
  that would be a result of bad integration and i am 100 % on board of disliking that thought . 
  but even if that were to happen it would still not be enough of an argument to oppose the help for war refugees , again i can see the argument against econoic refugees in this case though . 
  also of course people have the right to be afraid , and i hate it when politicians are incapable of adressing those fears , but regarding the current refugee situation most of the fears are irrational and politcally extremist . 
  again , fear regarding the sexual assaults are 100 % justified , but the question is to what degree . 
  first and foremost its a criminal event , that the police will have to deal with . 
  and the general misconceptions and sexist worldviews of some immigrants are to be dealt with via better integration . 
  but give me a reason to belive that this wont work , that politicians , information agrencies , military officials , political advisors , journalists , that they all completely misjudge the situation , then maybe you could convince me to support a way stricter control of the intake of refugees . 
  but these comment debates here are currently very far from that , just very generalized and basic statements , emotional statements ... and so on . 
  also , i dont hate you for worrying about the future of germany or europe if you have legitimate reasons , thats a logical thing to do , but its the rest i cant really support . 
  god its just sad of you to play the victim card here . 
  he wasnt suggesting `` limiting the flow of economic migrants '' , thats something we could actually talk about , no , he was suggesting sending them all back . 
  he was talking like a hatefilled moron . 
  i think `` fuck you '' was a pretty minor verbal attack compared to what he deserves for that ( in the eyes of some people ) . 
  and few people are targeting extremist nationalists or political extremists personally ... they are attacking their way of thinking , because its - most of the time - irrational and a result of fears . 
  maybe you are right to some degree , but we are approaching a wolrd where all of humanity is unitied . 
  and there is little reason why that shouldnt be the case at some point . 
  if it is in our power to help out others without severely harming ourself , thats thats something we should maybe do . 
  but again , if someone can prove to me that all of refugee integration wont work , and that there are serious risks and dangers , feel free to tell me , i would really love to understand where all this fear is coming from . 
  again i am not talking down on the cologne events and harassment all over germany , but its first of all a criminal offense that we will most likely get under control . 
  right now i have little reason to doubt that . 
  and to get back on your government should focus on its own citizens argument , this has really not been the case for like 60 years anymore , the world is intertwined , and our wealth/economy is immense . 
  helping others also serves self-interest , because not helping - when it is in our power - would give others ethical right to antagonize us . 
  you close that case so easily . 
  you are unwilling to argue . 
  you are not here to discuss . 
  it was obvious from the beginning that the integration of refugees wouldnt work pefectly , that criminals , idiots and extremists would be among them , backwards worldviews and expectations of slutty woman and so on . 
  that was known . 
  however it was not to be expected that events like in cologne would be organised by individuals . 
  anyways , i just dont understand why you want more than 90 % of refugees who are normal people sent back into danger . 
  you have no reason to believ those are a threat to society . 
  at least keep your irrational hate focused on those that are proven problematic . 
  your way of argumentation is pathedic and you know it . 
  hate speech are irrational , emotional verbal attacks against groups , him saying `` fuck you '' might be a sign of immaturity or helplesness , but you know fully well he was disgusted by u/francismccoveyfoster 's willingness to send all innocent war refugees back into danger for no real reason . 
  i love to which levels of insults you are willing to go with so little information about me and my views .
