  chatayev is a chechen separatist who recruited islamic states ( is ) militants . 
  also known as the `` single-handed '' , he was detained in bulgaria in 2011 after attempting to cross illegally into turkey through the kapitan andreevo border checkpoint . 
  not to mention that all their savings were stolen in 1990 and 1996, 
  it is 165 , the problem is that 25 % have the minimum pension of 80 . 
  but they are not required to meet the criteria, 
  i agree , the current left here has no purpose other than serving russian interests . 
  but that will be negotiated either with with clinton or trump as president . 
  obama said the uk would have to wait in line and clinton will probably act the same way , while trump is openly a mercantilist and i doubt the uk would have any.leverage there, 
  the alternative is the same thing happening but with no eu anymore . 
  this is just empty populism by the nationalists , advocating to replace the system of government is already unconstitutional . 
  yeah , damn theme park owners , what a parasitic bunch of people . 
  but does poland 's bottom 10 really live better than germany 's and the uk 's considering how many of them move from poland to be bottom 10 % there ? 
  the turkish embassy just said this is false , i 'm deleting this post for now . 
  the same newspaper said that bulgaria declined the fleet coalition and now it 's official , so we have to wait for a few hours and see , as there is the possibility that they are doing this to pressure us to join . 
  actually the majority of gypsies are either christian or muslim in bulgaria , and no , it 's not the jews , it 's the saudis . 
  i 'd rather have the nationalists inventing problems and pretending to solve them so they can tell their voters they are doing something while in government , than allowing them influence in more serious stuff, 
  if you put a kippah or a large cross on your face , then yes . 
  i think it will , unless that is changed for the second vote . 
  thankfully we did that and they still did n't want to come , so we 're fine . 
  it undermines author 's idea of europe , which is a europe that has never existed . 
  numbeo is useless . 
  it 's based on site visitors . 
  no , he 's using this argument because he is against deporting migrants . 
  what is it with some brexiters in this sub that get triggered by absolutely anything ? 
  on a serious note , what do people here consider to be the best czech beers ? 
  it is exactly the same here . 
   hmmm ... reminds me a bit of sharia4belgium in that respect.imo , instead of bullshitting about with that community , what we should have done is just gone and arrested that one trouble-making preacher who was trying to recruit all the jihadists , and turned him in to the americans . 
  this sounds repressive , backwards and borat-like . 
  why are you scapegoating [ insert group here ] for this ? 
  the local turks have nothing to do with the burqa . 
  and do you also realize that france and belgium also have a burqa ban ? 
  are they backwards borat-nations ? 
  i guess so , if their people are like you . 
  bulgaria is going to vote for sanctions , it 's just posturing , they did it last time too . 
  nigeria in particular has the same total fertility rate as 50 years ago despite its high economic growth . 
  what are the fp\u00d6 really like ? 
  because their wikipedia page makes them seem like a regular right wing party . 
  and some they they are actual fascists . 
  stop sending weird people to eurovision then . 
   parliamentarians are only allowed to read these long legal texts ( the ceta agreement , for example , has about 1,500 pages ) n especially designated reading rooms without expert help http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/september/tradoc_152806.pdf here is ceta . 
  i am not in a designated reading room . 
  ttip will be the same , and it will take months/years before it is voted on . 
  nothing , as it is still not ratified . 
  those cars are better off in the hands of highly qualified thiefs than your rioting compatriots who destroy then for fun . 
  they wo n't be able to do it now , as the debt is all denominates in euros . 
  it would also be quite ironic if he wins and it 's the far left that kills the eu and european cooperation instead of the far right everyone criticizes, 
  in bulgarian , the country is germany but the people are nemcy, 
  this man wants to destroy europe, 
  that 's probably even worse tbh, 
  ^ ^ ^ * food ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ included, 
  probably like : are you a communist ? 
  are you a muslim ? 
  are you a muslim communist ? 
  the bulgaria-greece border can get very bad , even with border control being practically nonexistent , it will be shit if they increase the checks, 
  not inside europe , hopefully, 
  this is delusional , even if it was a good idea and not an absurd one , the eu would n't have a chance to pull this off , if there 's one country that you do n't want to be openly hostile with it 's the us . 
  not to mentions that  founding a government in exile led by american citizens in the eu and loyal to clinton , who should be president is the dumbest idea i 've ever seen, 
  not that it really matters that much as it is the case anyway , but i think the eu and all its multi-speed institutions , with different countries opting in or out , will become impossible to understand for the average person, 
   austria , belgium , bulgaria , czech republic , finland , france , germany , greece , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , portugal , romania , slovenia , slovakia , and spain will be taking part . 
   italy is also keen to join but wants a more powerful prosecutor that could also probe other areas like organised crime . 
  both ways, 
  you are completely wrong , the vast majority of cars are over 15 years old , and those are official stats i ca n't link now because i 'm on mobile, 
  bad roads , old and unsafe cars , asshole drivers , we have it all, 
  yes , greece 's consecutive decades of high deficit have no connection to their debt at all, 
  voting is compulsory , but any consequences for not voting are unconstitutional , so the only effect this has is that the voting information ads on tv mention that voting is compulsory, 
  at least it 's better than actually locking his opponents up, 
  at least in bulgaria , the same is true for wine, 
  the party is registered and will participate in the elections, 
  ministries do n't need logos , the german one is far better as the information is always recognisable, 
  let me call my buddy who 's an expert on genocide to look at it, 
  we 're all christians too , we just do n't believe in it, 
  maybe russia too, 
  not to mention that if the uk decides not to recognise the referendum result , scotland is completely fucked, 
  honestly , there 's not a single place in the world where the ` invisible hand ' decides anything, 
  we 've been pegged for 20 years , the exchange rate will not change at all, 
  erdogan will stay for much more than 4 years . 
  there 's also [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_bolshevism ), 
   and yes we 'd be faced with either using the pound without any control of it or trying to float a new currency i think keeping the pound without control or pegging their new currency to it is is n't that bad , as anything that influences the uk 's economy and currency will be felt strongly in scotland too anyway ( unless they completely cut themselves off the rest of the uk , but that is the worst scenario possible and will completely kill scotland ) , while an independent scottish currency will be more vulnerable to manipulation and wild swings . 
  scotland will be far poorer than now if it leaves . 
  it gets huge amounts of money to sustain itself , the vast majority of their trade will have a barrier too after brexit , if their people think the sovereignity is worth the huge economic losses , then fair enough , after all many millions globally have died in the past fighting for it in the past , but anyone saying there wo n't be major consequences and a reduction of living standards is either delusional or a liar pushing an agenda, 
  in bulgaria , most fdi is our own oligarchs laundering money through the netherlands , so yeah, 
  i dont get reddit 's love for nutella , it 's just palm oil with sugar with a little cocoa and nuts , just like every crap spread for a third of its price, 
   she has no balls well she 's a woman , so that 's understandable . 
  i do agree her stance on this is too weak though, 
   in my opinion we need a two-tier europe but the option to join the first-tier will always be there for those that are willing to deepen that integration . 
  this wo n't happen . 
  france does n't even let us join schengen , do you think we will be accepted into an even more integrated group of countries ? 
  so he 's just a grumpy old guy, 
  while bulgaria has kept the same exchange rate for 20 years now, 
  multiple countries have said they do n't want bulgaria in schengen , for example, 
  this is actually not what bulgaria 's problem is , the fear is that other countries will form a closer union without allowing us in , making us an unequal member state, 
  from those i 've seen in bulgaria they actually are racist , they just forget the racism when the player is in form for their team, 
  i remember constantly playing a pc game about them when i was a kid, 
  they have to exit the eu to do that , and the eu will respond with its own tarrifs if they do that, 
  it 's always nice to see skyscrapers , cities constricting themselves vertically is a bad thing, 
  oh man , the news being reported as ` being gay is now mandatory in the eu . 
  will be amazing . 
  i also wonder how our socialist party will handle this considering their ambitions to get in power , they are part of pes and supposed to be socially progressive but their voterbase is old and conservative, 
  lol , i always felt greeks think of themselves as superior to us , but i did n't know they actually feel superior to everyone, 
  that 's why deporting and killing the locals is always a great idea,
