  i think all plans are fully 4g now, 
  is the new romanian government as bad with the economy as they are with corruption ? 
  asking for a friend, 
  in bulgaria , the top smarthpone plans are 20gb for 35 euro , but you can get a 20gb plan for 12 euro too, 
  great news , until there are elections in wallonia that is, 
  you are saying this as a joke , but high schoolers in bulgaria are huge , bigger that mid age and old people, 
  why , every corrupt politician denies no matter what, 
  then i propose we declare the french language hate speech , as it seems to be the deciding factor, 
  in bulgaria every place you can fit a car is a parking spot, 
  i mean , parking spaces reserved only for rich people seems like a worse alternative, 
  i do n't think such stats exist , bulgaria had to stop recording such things as part of eu joining process, 
  and how much does that matter ? 
  if russia instigates instability in estonia , trump will just call them cucks and say he likes countries that have n't been invaded, 
  sorry but they are very international people so they are your gypsies now . 
  who is n't ? 
  i doubt one can be anti-nuclear in france without being considered to be a lunatic , france relies on it for the majority of electricity, 
  ah that makes perfect sense, 
  oh man , eurobonds and no deficit limit , we 're all gon na be rich !, 
  it will when the republicans have it their way, 
  when the whole world is insane , being sane is a disadvantage, 
  he 's a great troll though , always gets a bunch of replies, 
  i know all the best things about baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , they 're great people , the best people , believe me, 
  the suit is great , trump is just too fat, 
  this seems like great news . 
  employment and wages both rising , with more full time jobs than insecure part time ones added, 
  this list makes no sense . 
  skodas are just cheaper vws these days , yest they are supposed to be far more reliable ? 
  i doubt it . 
  same with citroen and peugoeot not being right next to each other , considering most of their cars are direct equivalents with a different brand, 
  not anymore , automatics have caught up, 
  it never was yours you megalomaniac madman, 
  reeeeeeeeee, 
  then what 's the point ? 
  this is completely unrelated to federalisation, 
  ah , thank you . 
  not that strong of a link , but i 'm not entirely wrong at least, 
  there 's no way anything happens to them in the eu , all european car makers are heavily invested in diesels and have too much influence on almost all countries ,, 
  was n't it owned by chelsea clinton ? 
   my guess is that it would all kick off before anyone questioned what had just happened . 
  honestly , if i knew the other side was that incompetent to let isis dress up and attack me , i 'd declare war instantly as that 's a cerain victory, 
  it is the exact same thing , they do it 12 days later because their church uses the old calendar, 
  are you a dog ? 
  why do you want to someone to lead you on a leash ? 
  they 're $ 1.50 here , fuck, 
  it 's a common expression in bulgaria, 
  then what 's the point of schengen ? 
  thank you for posting this . 
  what i find interesting is that young scandinavians want to leave the eu, 
  numbeo uses numbers from visitors od numbeo.com , it 's completely useless, 
  killing their leader and fuelling a civil war was ok , but turning migrant boats back is impossible ? 
  this is ridiculous, 
  no , that was also russia, 
  we have none of those and our homicide rate is still much lower, 
  it 's the same in bulgaria , except control is sadly weaker than it should and we get occasionally local outbreaks of some diseases, 
  in a country as diverse as russia , ethnic nationalism is inexcusable, 
  this is good for bitcoin, 
  but they are the populists ... 
  i do n't know how it is in romania but in bulgaria pensioners vote for the party that stole the pension funds multiple times, 
  damn , trump was right on how bad that show is, 
  it 's also a thing in bulgaria , except we eat it on the 6th of december, 
  it was a train carrying lpg , five confirmed dead , some are with heavy injuries so this is expected to rise, 
   rt 's rooting for fillon but why would russia abandon le pen ? 
  i 'd love to , actually , and have an open invitation from relatives there , and may go for a little vacation if i can afford it next year, 
  i love your optimistic outlook on almost everything, 
  2008-11 was a period of very heavy austerity here , so i 'm not surprised . 
  i think it 's been going up lately although the increase is quite slow, 
  you 're just bitter because they 're funny and you 're not, 
  then you 'll be mostly ok . 
  i 'd be much more worried about the thousands of kilometers of steppes in asia than any part of europe on your trip , not many places to rest there if you walk, 
  it 's pretty big , you 'll get tired, 
  seems like a good time to buy dollars then, 
  reddit , being almost all text , still works great on throttled internet as long as you do n't try to load images, 
  because they are not dying out , only companies like htc and nokia , who kept thinking overpriced crap would sell, 
  the winners are the customers who get great phones at very low prices, 
  they still exist , unlike nokia 's smartphone division, 
  erdogan is right on this , the way so many eu politicians actively try to damage relations is dangerous and undermines us-eu ties, 
  nah , that 's the prime minister , he also likes russia and gave putin a puppy once so he 's also cool, 
  our new president is literally stalin ( except he 's bald and thinks stalin was too liberal ) so hopefully our relations improve, 
  except we all know that austria 's election is extremely close , as they had an actual election already, 
  from what i 've heard from north bulgarians , your drivers are decent until they get in bulgaria , then they become insane, 
  also older cars that are more likely to malfunction and have less safety features, 
  do n't delude yourself , absolutely nobody cares about the opinion of countries their size, 
  so , this is the cheapest advertisment and publicity he can get , right ? 
  sounds like a great deal for him, 
  libertatian utopia when ? 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't link it , but there 's an article about this on there , and it basically says that policy wise , very little will change . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with them, 
  too late for most places east of the berlin wall , sadly, 
  well , our situation is much dumber , as unlike erdogan , our guy resigns at the first opportunity and then wins the elections again, 
  so what will greece do when they leave the euro , keep their hundreds of billions of debt in euros , and get all their revenue in heavily devalued drachmas ? 
  i 'm tired of this country being borisov 's personal circus , it would be the peak of stupidity if he gets elected ever again , after he keeps showing he does n't want to govern , he just wants to win elections and brag about it, 
  then you 'll be disappointed as he is pro-eu just like any non-fringe politician, 
  he was asked at a campaign event and you ca n't just say no at those so he gave a conclusive non answer, 
  with 240 districts , we 're going to get so many weirdos in parliament, 
  make sure to save money so you can go to italy, 
  walking next to a busy street without shortening my life by 6 months would be cool too . 
   the stock of light-duty plug-in electric vehicles represented 0.15 % of the 1.4 billion motor vehicles on the world 's roads by the end of 2016 , up from 0.1 % in 2015 from wikipedia ices still have a very long time left to live, 
  * human trafficker, 
  cancelling it was eu and ys decision , not ours, 
  he 's not dead .
