not a good argument when they got elected fairly and are still leading polls, 
  juncker should be pressured to step down , idiocy like that can be disastrous, 
  i mean , it makes it even more amazing to have that approval rating . 
  we had exactly the same transition and zero politicians who have a net positive rating . 
  or , the populist wave wins in europe too and the exact opposite of what you talk about happens , and i think that is more likely, 
  the same is coming to europe , and as trump and brexit showed us , smugness will lead to surprises, 
  trump has said he wants to take down russian planes that fly too close to us military . 
  on a side note , why are so many people angry that trump may not recognise the results ? 
  every ` anti-establishment ' politician here complains how the whole world is rigged against them and nobody really cares, 
  it is outrageous that these scammers were ever offered anything other than going back . 
  i agree , we ca n't even blame any politicians for how we fucked this up , we voted for it just because it 's something new , despite having no idea what it leads to . 
  he 'll probably win the runoff too . 
  i do n't like him but i am not surprised , gerb really dropped the ball this time . 
  although with mandatory fptp voting , which we also voted on in a retarded referendum today , they still win edit : although with confidence in them constantly decreasing , and losing elections for the first time since they exist , it may shake them up quite badly . 
  he probably loves it too, 
  well our cars are all second hand imported from germany and italy after 10 years of being driven , so they 're exactly the same cars , we just drive them 10 years later, 
  except they are all shitty as any local companies that would compete have died, 
  here we 're in a permanent state of election campaign , when there are no elections opposition parties just try to force one, 
  solidarity does not exist in the eu and it never will . 
  or egypt, 
  i 'd love to, 
  honestly , none . 
  there are no such parties here, 
  only the big ones decide in that scenario, 
  almost all use both, 
  this really is n't good for the eu either, 
  we 're all fucked if this happens, 
  judging by the reaction my comment got and reading it again , yes , ` dead ' was certainly not the right word to use . 
  also , it is 38.7 % of public investment , not 25 , | i 'm not denying how much we rely on a well functioning eu , and not just when it comes to money . 
  i 'm just worried it may fail to progress further while the world moves on, 
  yes , it 's one treaty , with a small and very wealthy country . 
  imagine what the reaction will be when the us talks about decreased regulation or india mentions easier outsourcing . 
  in theory , this deal should n't be particularly controversial , but it is, 
  seriously though , there are many ways in which it can improve , but you cant federalize and integrate a lot because there are too many eurosceptics , and you ca n't scale it down , because there are too many federalists , especially among the politicians . 
  any eurozone reform , which is badly needed , will be met with heavy resistance , either by people who think it goes too far or by those who think it is not enough . 
  not to mention anti- eu parties are getting bigger every year , increasing their influence, 
  did n't a belgian local parliament already vote against it meaning belgium has to use the veto ? 
  bulgaria and romania will sign it as canada promised what we wanted and just has to put it on paper to guarantee it , but does it matter ? 
  i hope you 're right though , i like the eu, 
  the eu is dead , it 's mainly a trade treaty , yet it completely fails to negotiate and sign any trade deals , making it useless . 
  the uk was right to leave before it gets worse and fails at its other duties too, 
  no , it is federalism , as in more regionally devolved government , and opposed to centralism, 
  meat raised with too much antibiotics needs to be banned from consumption , or millions may die, 
  it is dangerous to two eu members , as it includes bulgarian cities too . 
  actually yes , which is why nordstream 2 is untouchable and that would hurt much more than any other sanction, 
  knowing how elevators are here , and assuming they are the same or worse in ukraine , it probably exploded on its own, 
  also belgium and ireland , are n't they both much wealthier than cyprus per capita ? 
  and in bulgarian the word currently means ugly, 
  we 've had a mass exodus since the day the iron curtain fell and is is still going on, 
  russia refused because it would n't be worth the paper, 
  russia would love to do this in mexico , but with competent diplomacy , and hundreds of billions of dollars in trade with the us are a much better deal for mexico than anything russia can offer, 
  the eu will be blamed no matter what happens . 
  no , i 'm not against the german industry , as a part of the supply chain , bulgaria would lose a lot if german companies fail to adapt in a ttip/ceta environment . 
  all i 'm saying is , that it is more about protectionism and keeping the status quo over more competition , than consumer protection and such, 
  yeah , german corporations owning everything in europe is good , free trade with canada and competition is death to consumer protection laws , how convenient, 
  was n't nyc a very shit place at the time though ? 
  no east european country was ever as bad as north korea got, 
  while i am pro-choice , if you consider abortion to be the killing of a child , it is expected to be you most important issue, 
  i do n't care the romanians are still savages unlike us compassionate enlightened bulgarians, 
  so because russia went to war one time for its own interest and bulgaria benefited from it , i should eternally agree with the what the russian government says ? 
   also on monday , president putin submitted a bill ( in russian ) to parliament setting a series of pre-conditions for the us for the agreement to be resumed , including : reduction of us military infrastructure and troops in countries that joined nato after 1 september 2000 lifting of all us sanctions against russia and compensation for the damage they have caused fuck off russia, 
  trust me , while i agree with this ban , this reasoning is far more thought out than the actual reason the ban passed , which is either ` shit , they 'll accuse us of wanting burkas in the country ' or ` what nonissue can i brag about when i run for president ', 
  but they did lead a brutal war against the ottomans , that 's how their country was created, 
  those four countries are proud central european just like austria and germany , bulgaria for example is eastern and wants full solidarity ( admitedly because we are a border state , but still ), 
  and putin himself said that crimea is part of ukraine and that they respect its integrity but that is not the case now is it, 
  not sure about cornwall , but scotland has a much higher deficit than the eurozone would ever allow , all compensated by london, 
  what does the free market think ? 
  he 's also leaving in a few months and is far more pro-euro than the general population so i do n't expect us to join soon, 
  but the uk accepts that an is unlikely to seek single market membership, 
  this would be difficult for poor people though , and they are more likely to get an unwanted pregnancy, 
  sorry but my eu appointed master told me to downvote you . 
  but they 'll get deported back at some point, 
  fuck , we 'll never get in the visa waiver program, 
   `` the funding comes from the emergency pocket of our two migration and border funds ... the funding covers border management , the necessary technical equipment and the construction of reception centers , '' natasha bertaud , eu spokesperson for migration , home affairs and citizenship , told a news conference . 
  so instead of a fence , the eu funds reception centers, 
  russian bond yields are very high , it 's not a good option, 
  chevrolet bolt and opel ampera-e ( the same car ) are what you 're talking about, 
  better than an actual eu army, 
  looks like it 's a good idea to invest in eastern uzbekistan, 
  they do , and they also raise taxes all the time , but i think you do n't understand how stubborn people here are, 
  visa or visa free travel will certainly be a part of the exit negotiation though, 
  the problem is that the next republican candidate might be like trump , except not an idiot, 
   burn rome down typical german mentality, 
  even funnier when they can send hundreds of thousands of people at any moment your way and crash your country, 
  when it comes to chips , i hate how all brands have oregano flavor in greece , and none in bulgaria except some imported from there in small quantities, 
  most eu countries have a history of being invaded and conquered, 
  do n't worry if those indurstries are closed they will then complain about taking jobs from black people, 
  in a tiny part of germany *, 
  even then , the issue is for the government institutions to handle , not vigilantes, 
  frontex forces do not secure the border , they only make sure everyone is registered and forced to stay in greece if eu law was lactually followed, 
  and ? 
  every big economy has large debts, 
  canada and australia do n't , the us does n't pretend to lead the world in commerce because it actually does . 
  you realise street view has people on foot too right ? 
  original imgur is horrible on mobile . 
  exactly, 
  lol at how uncultured greeks and romanians are, 
  this is actually a real problem , when digging for the subway and for roads around the country the project is always slowed down because archeologists have to come and examine artifacts . 
  how yellow are those bananas though ? 
  we need to legislate that too .
