  yeah , all american babies have cancer . 
  if it 's happening in russia then why is the article in english ? 
  sorry , but that 's how nonsensical your argument is, 
  maybe he was celebrating because qatar paid for neymar ? 
  no but my mom is n't a chicken, 
  i love them soft boiled with a bit of paprika, 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that , it came out of a chicken 's anyway . 
  bulgaria should get reparations too , we did n't get any . 
  that 's not a stalin apologist sub but it 's one of the worst, 
  eurobarometer 87, 
   but everyone from t_d says my beloved country is basically germanistan the data is from numbeo , so if a few guys from / pol / and the_dingdong decide , they will input their own data and put it on the list . 
  numbeo is an useless source , maybe even worse than that . 
  i want some reparations too !, 
  of course it is n't . 
  so we get back to the question why did some countries decide it was a good idea , and now when it all went to hell they say it was always going to be like that and there 's nothing anyone can do . 
  well yeah but then he became uncomfortable to france for whatever reason, 
   and do not care about libyans and their pesky national sovereignty . 
  france , the uk and the us caused the problem by doing that already . 
  but now it 's impossible ? 
  just show them pictures of the previous guy who did n't negotiate and ended up stabbed in the ass . 
  i think he did n't consent either . 
  well it 's actually tougher for romania as it has a fairly low government spending to gdp ratio, 
  go to luhansk, 
  mossadegh won a referendum to give himself more power and disband the parliament with 99 % of the votes, 
  then maybe he should have targeted finnish institutions instead of us ones, 
  wait , really ? 
  there is and it 's fucking shit, 
  you seem to have a lot of ways to insult ukrainians, 
  friends have told me a lot of porn is filmed in hungary and russia too, 
  well social democrats are basically liberals these days so that 's to be expected . 
  a lot of the socialists who propose social democratic programs do seem to want socialism though , their programs are that way because full on socialism is n't very popular, 
  the independent is really shit , their clickbait titles never match reality . 
  they 're way too successful on reddit, 
  christian russia really does n't seem to mind murdering and beating gays either, 
   there was no anti eu campaign . 
  some members have made some comments , like tariceanu , the leader of the alde party lol , why would and alde member of all people be anti eu ? 
   the human race 's values most people in the world are closer to russia 's values than yours . 
  liberals are a tiny minority globally, 
  yeah but you ca n't expect anyone to accept a 20 % wage cut just like that, 
  are pis right wing ? 
  they seem to the left of po when it comes to the economy, 
  yes but doing anything more about it is too unprofitable and wo n't happen . 
  this means russia is quite literally becoming more european than before, 
  damn i ca n't even say that, 
  yup , bulgaria adopted it in nanoseconds after communism fell, 
  meh that 's probably the third or fourth worst thing zhirinovsky 's said this week, 
  well , from what news i followed during the crisis , was n't croatia quite welcoming to the refugees ? 
  i mean , there was a clear expectation that they would be moving on , but they were never left hungry and blocked by force, 
  he 's too busy puking after seeing this abomination, 
  from what countries exactly were those refugees ? 
  yes , of course i am generalizing , otherwise what 's the point of anarchism if you nicely ask the state to dismantle itself ? 
  communists are arrogant and violent enough by themselves , no government planted provocateurs are needed, 
  clearly ukraine and bulgaria are southern europe , we should start getting offended when we are lumped with eastern countries like poland and estonia, 
  i personally rate jews about 75-80 %, 
  it 's ndrrziijg ? 
  / r/titlegore , post this again with the actual headline, 
  germany did n't cause the chaos in lybia , france did, 
  italy should let migrants go to france freely . 
  what happened in belarus ? 
  nah bulgaria was completely fucked at least until 1998, 
  now say that again but with your head chopped off, 
  such beauty , what an inspiring monument , made me a nazi, 
  well then we need more gay in bulgaria because it is way too hot, 
  and here i am at 42c without ac, 
   avoid balkanizing things . 
  uhhh that 's our culture you bigot, 
  not only language , a lot of bulgarian people went there without speaking a word of spanish , mostly because it was easy to get a job there without documents, 
  actually it wo n't as migrant birth rates converge with the native ones . 
  new immigrants are the ones who have more kids, 
  norway is no more lucky than lybia or venezuela, 
  will it last as much as the commune did ? 
  they do emigrate but it has nothing to do with nationalism, 
  do n't worry bulgaria will get belarus and we wo n't allow these hurtful comments anymore, 
  bulsatcom did it all , i think, 
  our own turks are leaving , yours would n't stay here either, 
  nothing . 
  and fom has nothing to do with the posted article . 
  4.0 is very weak , so that makes more sense, 
  face and head covering is banned in schools in bulgaria too . 
  i think it has nothing to do with islam though , it 's been like that for quite a while, 
  the bulgarian president , who was an air force general , was also asked about chemtrails during the campaign, 
  germany itself was forced to adopt the euro , or france would n't recognise the reunion . 
  we were not ` gullible ' , we were pressured to do it by the usa after a john mccain visit to bulgaria, 
  as someone whose festival was not ruined by this , i find this absolutely hilarious . 
  i mean , close the festival due to a terror threat that turns out to be a typo . 
  yes , it 's all unlimited , just roaming data is limited, 
  one of the carriers in bulgaria offers unlimited for 25, 
  hard-left is usually a negative term, 
  is this some fucking joke ? 
  but , that 's literally the opposite of what even the most radical nationalists want . 
  they want to ban the islamic veil and dislike people being visibly muslim, 
  do n't listen to us , go to uk.isidewith.com it gave me the same result for lib dems and labour , and has questions on the eu too, 
  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/criminal/judicial-cooperation/public-prosecutor/index_en.htm this contains more info on what it 's about, 
  some do now, 
  1 is not going to happen , they may get hungary and czechia on board , maybe sweden if they get scared of being forced in the ez , but that would n't be enough . 
  as for 2 , 70-80 % of people want to be in the eu , so it is not a good idea politically, 
  trump personally has little to do with it , most american politicians ( mostly the republicans ) would burn half the world down for 100 000 votes in ohio and florida without thinking twice . 
  obama wanted that agreement , and for the other side this mean it is the worst agreement ever , any republican would have gotten out . 
  greek companies did n't register in bulgaria for years despite our low taxes , they only started to do it when greece made taxes too high, 
  in bulgaria it 's cooking oil , cheap oil always attracts people,
