   at today 's midday press briefing euractiv.com asked the commission how it was able to ensure an administration that was truly representative of the diversity of modern europe without such monitoring . 
  europe may be diverse , but all eu countries are majority white , most overwhelmigly so , and the only conclusion that can be made is that the person who asked this is dumb, 
  or it could give the the feeling that their own country is outlawing their identity , which is more likely and quite dangerous, 
  illegal immigration , legal immigration and asylum are three different things, 
  well that 's something the snp are working hard for . 
  scotland , on its own , without the uk cash and after the recession leaving the uk would cause , would absolutely end up like bulgaria . 
  but is n't spain actually run by pp until a new government is made ? 
  however , it would bar scotland from not becoming a shithole . 
  this seems like a bullshit stereotype as bulgaria is quite slavic and we our national governments rarely have over 25 % approval while local corrupt mayors get reelected every time . 
  it 's not targeted toward terrorists suspects , this rules will be used against everyone . 
  funny , i remember the bulgarian edition of dw saying the exact opposite . 
  i think there was a poll recently that showed labour voters see may as a better leader than corbyn . 
  that this is the proof that cyrillic works better for slavic languages, 
  why is ours always 0.7 ? 
  it looks shady, 
  it was obviously sarcasm . 
  we all know putin tampered with the sample personally, 
  except that kind of help would be seen in russia as western imperialism . 
  and that 's how i noticed gulen was actually a monster from the paleolithic era . 
   ca n't we be adults and hate them both ? 
  actually ` both sides are equally bad ' is the fallback option when regular whataboutism does n't work . 
  we love waving flags though . 
  we win again !, 
  i thinks we also have one of the lowest ` would you fight for your country ' scores, 
  yes and they better do it soon as the wildfire situation is quite bad here . 
  rip v4 unity lol, 
  this just mean unemployed people wo n't register as such and they will be able to brag about fixing unemployment . 
  the guy who was in charge of fixing stuff around my high school had only a hammer and did a fine job overall . 
  turkey has a large and well equipped army , and a heavily nationalistic population with a lot of young people . 
  all your armchair geopolitics will have to be achieved with a war that would be hell for any invader . 
  i 'd love to see something like this here . 
  alas , the average car age is 15 years and there are more cars on the road that were made in the socialist bloc that in the last 5 years . 
  how about the statistical facts that bulgaria 's refugee centres are empty , despite accepting tens of thousands in the last few years , and very few reporting that they 've found their own place . 
  how about the satistical fact that thousands are supposed to be deported here from western europe because they 've already applied here , how about the statistical fact that bulgaria sent representatives to refugee camps in greece and still nobody wanted to come ( this is how the eu 's grand redistribution plan was supposed to work ), 
  a former dictator 's bodyguard is now our prime minister , so good luck lad , the sky is the limit for you . 
  actually , there is talk about restarting the npp project as the 620 million is not a penalty , we are being forced to honor the contract we signed and to buy two reactors for that price . 
  is germany an autocracy ? 
  because they are building russian pipelines . 
  well russia intercepted the plane with a fighter and announced , and is right , but bulgaria , which did literally the same thing to russian planes , is wrong ? 
  hence why bulgaria is not suing russia . 
  then stop pretending we have good relations with russia , buy those jets right now and let them fly you perennial whiners, 
  and tatarstan , which voted out once in the 90s . 
  your country has way higher homicide rate and mass shootings shootings than anywhere in europe, 
  ukraine has gone completely insane, 
  we were always sidelined , not accepted into schengen , it seem like everyone does n't even want us in the eu at all . 
   to all eurobros : we will not abandon you . 
  however , this will likely not include the newer ` eurobros ' who joined later and are further to the east . 
  this is a lie , as the 2 % is a recommended target , not a part of the deal . 
   28 % expressed their sympathy towards adopting the islamic law . 
  72 % of the population disagrees in favour of a secular rule of law . 
  still overwhelming , but it was 12 % last year . 
  only during a defensive war . 
  i would n't really have much choice if it is mandatory , but if possible , no . 
  yes 6 . 
  none at all . 
  preferably some i do n't get shot at although i would answer the same for bulgaria , not eu, 
  so it should increase the already high debt even more ? 
  because that is the other option . 
  yes , but at least in theory , the point is that this will apply only to products where the standards are both strict enough . 
  not sure how it will end up though . 
  do n't forget that a lot of the us right wingers hate the federal government so they would probably resist . 
  it 's just a bunch of commieblocks and some skyscrapers in the background ( tbh they are weirdly close to each other ) none of which is anywhere near ` evil ', 
  stay safe guys , i do n't know what else to say to you, 
  it wo n't be slow motion anymore , now is his time to seize all power instantly . 
  with a successful coup , democracy could have been restored in a few years . 
  erdogan will stay until the day he is dead , islamism will probably stay after that . 
  did n't erdogan say he had personally ordered any russian planes in their airspace to be shot down ? 
  because the company operates the trains but does n't own the infrastructure itself . 
  they or the people inside ? 
  i think it actually is n't . 
  the definition includes :  article ii describes two elements of the crime of genocide :  1 ) the mental element , meaning the `` intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such '' but then it is  ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  so it is about killing , not forced assimilation , sorry for being misleading . 
  foring them to get local names , banning practice of their religion , banning the arab language and culture . 
  it 's been done before by different countries , sometimes succesfuly , sometime it 's failed completely , but ~ ~ i think it is considered genocide by the un ~ ~ so it is obviously a nonstarter . 
  not sure what the other guy meant , but the russian solution is to let the scum run wild and to pay them for it , as long as it is kept away from the general population . 
  holy shit 70000 from bulgaria . 
  i knew it was a lot but that 's 1 % of the population leaving in one year , and that 's just germany . 
  actually the biggest groups by far are still from east europe . 
  the cars are made in different factories , often with different engines and inetrior . 
  the only thing which is the same is the way it looks . 
  when the conviction consists of telling him that ~ ~ rape ~ ~ sexual assault is bad and two weeks of work , the convicted can also ignore it . 
  i 'm a bit confused , the percentages are the number of people against the war , and the colors are the country 's official action , right ? 
  why is this news , do n't kangaroos run all over austria ? 
  10/10 i spend too much time on google maps, 
  zero countries recognize this ` republic ' . 
  you 're the one ignoring the whole world . 
  fucking foreigners bringing their backwards ideology here . 
  that 's surprisingly high for most of those . 
  he is . 
  or at least was . 
  i 'm not sure he can actually say that though , because even if true , we are legally obliged to join at some undefined time . 
  the google translated article with some corrctions by me : prime minister boyko borisov said that there is nothing tragic in in troducing the euro for bulgaria - this is a clause which our country has agreed and is committed , but in the end we will try to introduce a currency as late as possible . 
  `` it is normal for everyone to have a single european currency , it leads to greater unity of the european union , '' said in parliament , prime minister boyko borisov regarding the statement of european commission president jean - klod juncker , who said the euro should be introduced in all eu countries . 
  `` in pre-contracts we are committed to introduce the euro . 
  that we do not introduce is because there are many requirements and at the moment we can not afford to slow down , `` explained the prime minister and stated that our country will not rush to introduce the euro . 
  in his words , the single currency is not something that is `` tragic . '', 
  boyko borisov recalled that the cabinet `` borisov 1 '' with finance minister simeon djankov wanted to enter the waiting room of the eurozone . 
  `` with the low budget deficit in the stability of banks under the currency board arrangement we have , the huge fiscal reserve of over 11.5 billion lev , in low debt , we have a chance at all the criteria to join at the time , but we will do it as late as possible , `` said borisov, 
   chatayev was released five years ago by the court in haskovo under the pressure of human rights organisations . 
  later , there have been successive lawsuits against him in sweden , ukraine and georgia , but these similarly ended with refusal for his extradition to russia .
