  i would not like to work at this desk . 
  i would always think about the big guy behind me , above my head ... , 
  banana for scale is missing , 
   that 's part of the european focus on fairness , sometimes to the detriment of quick growth and progress . 
  and , all things considered , that focus is not necessarily backward . 
  this !, 
  and vice-versa for their husband , 
  top tweet is priceless  is second one a premonition ? 
  wait and see ... 
  oh yes !, 
  its community also . 
  agreed . 
  reddit going in full the_donald mode starts to be annoying . 
  what cultural mix has to do with terrorism ? 
  do you mean isolationism prevents terror attacks ? 
  i doubt it . 
  about japan , where does this ` modern progressive society ' comes from ? 
  america 's influence maybe ? 
  yeah sure , japan before america 's cultural influence was heaven on earth / s, 
  thank you very much for details . 
  article 's title is very positive , but you confirm all it means at the end , is that euro trends to its ppp value . 
  and that will be a good thing for eurozone countries that import a lot , and bad for the ones that export a lot . 
  thank you germany for admitting euro is under-valued , 
   miscommunication between contractors thales alenia space and honeywell contributed to the problem , parker said , adding that the esa took full responsibility . 
  esa should practice more ` kerbal space program ' game , [ this guy was right  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/58k7dn/sometimes_you_just_get_a_little_lost/ ), 
  do you know ` asterix ' cartoons ? 
  it 's bank holiday here , i have a lot of time on my hands , 
  all i read in article is ` ethnic minorities ' or ` refugees ' . 
  i even ctl + f ` muslim ' or ` islamic ' . 
  not one word found . 
  so , if ` ethnic minorities ' or ` refugees ' stands for ` islamic terrorism ' , then i agree with this non-news : uk - and all other countries around the globe - are threatened by these loosers . 
  yes , my ancestors paid the price . 
  and yes , war is bad . 
  all i mean is some mix of culture is a good thing , and isolationism is cultural suicide . 
  that 's the only way to end terrorism war . 
  only usa believes one can stop an ideology with weapons . 
  terrorists want to divide western societies , manchester gathers by thousands in response . 
   people with different culture make a different country . 
  very true , but is it always a bad thing ? 
  if ancient roman did not invade gallia ( core of today 's france ) , we would not have wine !, 
  can somebody eli5 what is ` purchasing power parity model ' , mentioned in the article ? 
  in my non-economist head , i always struggle to understand why a strong currency is a good or a bad thing . 
  hahaha !, 
  i see france is already at the local bistro . 
  no no no . 
  the whole family has been sent back to kosovo , and she did not want to leave her family . 
  controversy was about : 1 ) the way she has been ` caught ' : she was at school while her parents were arrested , so police waited for her at school exit , 2 ) she was fully integrated , french speaking and good at school . 
  that was such a shock for french people that francois hollande , our president at that time , made a public announcement : ` leonarda dibrani can come back , alone . ', 
  ok , too late , but do n't say she has been deported alone . 
  you should read article :  police say they have cut off one arm from the pan-european network . 
  at the very beginning . 
  you are welcome , 
  oh really ? 
  i was not aware . 
  for me , that 's the only channel that gives europe , and world , live news . 
  imo , french news channels talk too much about ... france . 
   if anybody from britain wants to link to a charity i am british today . 
  i am speechless . 
  thanks for making me smile on this very sad day . 
  arte is my favorite channel , second is euronews . 
  i am f ` ing happy this unique channel exists , because it is really interesting most of the time . 
  like ` karambolage ' short video comparing a word or a habit between fr and de : funny and very instructive , or long documentaries about eu construction for example , or world wide politics , always objective , or european cinema : i discovered scandinavia make very good films for example . 
  years ago , it was a bit too much ` world war ii was bad ' for me , but now ** i deeply hope this can become a eu media . 
  portugal is in a ` winning spiral ' and that 's really cool for whole eu . 
  we need more good news like that . 
  keep up the good job , portugal !, 
   i 'm voting that 's all is important , whatever your age or your side . 
  trust . 
  you know economics is based on trust , right ? 
  i really do n't want to seem agressive , so let 's continue with your - very good - image of a house building . 
  instead of 3 , let 's say 28 guys are working together . 
  in your scenario , you forget the prologue : no one was owing anything to any body at the beginning . 
  the 28 guys decided to build a house because they trusted each other and they thought they will make a beautiful house together , each one of the 28 bringing his ` special brick ' . 
  and suddenly , they realize bricks from one guy is made of thin paper , putting the whole house construction in real danger . 
  now , the 28 guys still want to work together , because they still believe the house will not be nice if one of them leave the construction site . 
  so , they ask the cheaty guy to show some rock-solid bricks , much more solid than the original agreement . 
  and it is not a matter of revenge , that 's just they do n't want to be fooled again . 
  trust . 
  the guilty guy says : look , that 's the best brick i can make nowadays , because you guys are strangling me . 
  the others are still thinking about a way to continue this house construction when suddenly another one says : i am out , anyway i did not like the house you are building , and i 'd rather build mine in my own place . 
  so , what now ? 
  economics is not the only thing , despite usa . 
  politics is way more important . 
  i guess eu will sooner or later lighten the bill for greece , but with brexit now , this may take more time . 
  because our house is still in construction , and we really want to build it . 
  very interesting . 
  so , basically , brexit already occured during miocene era . 
  misleading title . 
  all is mentioned in article about ` france 's macron ' is  turning to france , merkel said the german government must help new french president emmanuel macron to succeed , saying she hoped macron manages to fight unemployment in france and adding that the best way to counter populists was to solve problems . 
  no shit sherlock ? 
  and that was while  speaking to students at a secondary school in berlin ,, 
  agreed . 
  do cancerous comms , get cancerous comments . 
  nothing new , especially on reddit . 
  all i see is a proud nokia owner , 
  really ? 
  ich habe deutch im schule gelernt , but that was a long time ago ... ` mutti ' stands simply for ` mum ' for me . 
  i did not know it was a word reserved in a negative meaning to frau merkel nowadays . 
  and fyi , in french , ` mama ' may have a negative connotation as an intrusive mum . 
  i do n't see that as pejorative or disrespectful .
