   i will have to learn a new language and settle to a new way of life . 
  you are a real eu citizen !, 
  ( no offense to british people ) . 
  i remember very well this morning : red alert on every news channels `` uk leaves '' . 
  i was a bit shocked , even if we were warned this might happen . 
  i work for a company owned by a british multi-national . 
  ceo sent a mail to all that day '' ... unforeseen and unwelcomed decision ... '' . 
  i had a video-call with my british and american colleagues same day . 
  i could not help saying at the start `` british people , what did you do ?! '' . 
  silence , and we carried on ` business as usual ' . 
  genuine question , not arguing : how did it change your today 's life ? 
   - drive on the wrong side of the road ha come on , it can be easy if you go step by step . 
  for example , you can first allow cars to drive on the right side , and a few weeks later , trucks and buses . 
  smooth transition , 
  what do you mean ? 
   if they join the e.u. , wo n't that makes us hypocrites ? 
  yes , but it can not happen in a near future . 
  years ago , turkey was on the right track to comply to eu standards ( democracy , laicism , etc ) , but they are backpedaling since erdogan . 
  eu can not accept turkey today , despite its strategic location and its potential economic power . 
  i would agree west of bosphore to join today though . 
  just my opinion . 
   [ as ] long as both sides keep cool heads and make a reasonable exit deal , this has the potential to be beneficial ( or , at least , not too bad ) for everyone . 
  this !, 
  nah , too late , they discovered skirts are better than shorts , 
  but ... [ winston churchill said ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln4srnt4ve0 ), 
  so , that is roughly +1000 applications , and there are already hundreds of thousands british nationals leaving in france . 
  not an exodus , 
  ha right !, 
  this was hidden by ` cookies warning ' for me . 
  do you still accept immigrants from france ? 
  these pills should be included in ikea ` assemble-it-yourself ' furniture package , 
  very interesting - and very well made - graphs to check economical impact of uk leaving eu and usa leaving the world . 
  hahaha  great thanks !, 
  excellent  can someone eli5 spanish flag please ? 
   she ca n't tell any personnal opinion but she can wear any hat she likes , 
  how could journalist take a photo of an alien so close ? 
   seriously , please tell me this article is fake and is a satire . 
  what is her position about eu , and uk in eu ? 
  i visited iceland in august 1993 with my backpack and two friends . 
  that was the best ` nature ' trip i ever made , by far . 
  at that time , iceland was just opening to tourism , we rent cars and drove on tracks , or use buses , to make a round trip . 
  hard to explain , but when you see volcanos , geysers , waterfalls , glaciers , rifts , solfatares , hot spots , huge empty landscapes , and all that in the same country , you really feel ` gaia - mother earth ' . 
  and jesus , spending the week-end in reykjavik is one of best drinking experience i ever had !, 
  cops were at the entrance of clubs , just to drive drunk people back home , like taxis  yes , iceland is really a world of wonders !, 
  bravo !, 
  good catch !, 
  casualties ? 
  i am afraid yes :-(, 
  nice start :  monday the 19th 2017 , 
  government is anti-people then ? 
  [ easter egg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easter_egg_ ( media )  an easter egg is an intentional inside joke , a hidden message , or a secret feature of an interactive work ( often , a computer program , video game or dvd menu screen ) . 
  the name is used to evoke the idea of a traditional easter egg hunt . 
  mm ... reading definition , i discover this is solely related to media like video-games . 
  with who ? 
  migrants blocking a road ? 
  i do n't agree with them at all , they deserve same justice as anyone . 
  i disagree with all hateful comments itt about deporting migrants , france overwhelmed , europe doomed and all that kind of chite . 
  i 've got a stiff neck now , 
  incredible details . 
  i ca n't help looking for ` easter eggs ' in such facades  are there any here ? 
  i agree with you . 
  good imam . 
  we need peace , not blind hate . 
  just another handshake comm . 
  thing i guess , 
  i do add a few drops of olive oil when boiling pasta . 
  i add pepper also . 
  and i thought until now i was the only one to do these things , 
  * blip blop , i am a bot *, 
  thanks , i will ask again my swedish colleague then , i may have misunderstood . 
  can a swedish person confirm that classes at university are only in english ? 
   also for some reason reason really likes yurovision i think abba is the reason . 
  i watch it every morning and evenings . 
  i zap between news channels , to get a better grasp . 
  for me , euronews is for european and international news . 
  others are a bit too ` franco-french ' from my pov . 
  / u/htv101 said itt that main spot was roughly 25km large by comparing with google maps, 
  i appreciate the idea , but it will protect only ` eu to eu ' comms . 
  better than nothing , but gafam ( * ) and other cyber-spies will not worry at all . 
  ( * ) google apple facebook amazon microsoft . 
  this photo was taken by one of them :  pedro br\u00e1s , bombeiro volunt\u00e1rio de tondela all credit to / u/delta _ ryu for giving this info itt , at op 's request . 
  go back to sleep , 
  i would expect more neutrality from a swiz site , 
  holly crap !, 
  flames are visible from space ? 
  what did you say ? 
  damm , it looked bad , good news though :  update : the fire was finally put out on sunday afternoon around 17:00 pm . 
  there were no casualties , but firefighters have marked a safe zone around the area to make sure it does not return during the night . 
  the good news is that the strong bura winds which made conditions difficult have eased . 
  [ i said `` on the move !, 
  '' , i say now `` down to work !, 
  '' ] ( http://www.cartooningforpeace.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/14-kichka-france-presidentielle-victoire-macron-napoleon-hd-170508-e1494580504300.jpg ) :-), 
  [ macron bonaparte ] ( https://anthropopper.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/macron-bonaparte.jpg ), 
  oh chite , is it bad ? 
  i 've heard on euronews that spanish and french fire-fighting planes went there to help . 
  ok , tbh i do n't know where truth is . 
  anyway , we french did not steal fries reputation as far as i know . 
  actually , that was a pretty good laugh/relief for us when g w bush decided to rename them as freedom fries . 
  op is french , or is this an international acronym ? 
  no no no , we did not steal anything , except maybe your sense of humour  really , that 's during ww2 when american soldiers liberated france .
