  i may cite both in all cases . 
  it 's not my problem if you ca n't realise which one i use ; especially for war planes i cited reality , not my opinion . 
   if he does that he would have to deal with the consequences . 
  exactly as i said , they take all that into consideration . 
  and they choose to ignore it when it works against them , and use it when it works for them . 
  btw , there is no such thing as a `` way of reality '' ; it 's reality * and * my opinion on it . 
  in reality , turkey annexed northern cyprus by ignoring treaties and conventions . 
  they can do the same to a greek island if they wish . 
  treaties etc are just a factor . 
   in your world there would be chaos and probably war . 
  in the world we lie in there is a chaos and war . 
  rules work when all parties are ok with keeping them until at some moment they do n't anymore . 
  this is our shared reality . 
  not * my * reality . 
   which was defined by a agreement . 
  i was n't talking about erdogan getting funding in order to curb the flow , i am talking about him threatening ( and acting upon this threat ) to let migrants in as a tool of political pressure . 
   which contradicts with what you said earlier about not harming anyone `` not harming anyone '' is my opinion . 
  what i described is just reality , not my opinion on whether i like it or not . 
   of course legality of russia 's invasion of ukraine mattered and russia has been accused of breaking the international law . 
  and that is your problem about russia 's `` excursion '' into ukrainian lands ? 
  the legality ? 
  treaties and agreements are always there until there is enough reason to brake them . 
  ( again , reality , not my opinion . ), 
   turkey can act but they have to do that according to the treaties and international approval . 
  as i said , they take all that into consideration , but if tomorrow morning erdogan decides to annex and invade lesvos for any number of reasons , he will do it despite treaties or agreements . 
   i wa n't you to argue for your side . 
  we could have end it before if you said you do n't care about legality or decency . 
  though i am sure you whine about turkish military airplanes even though to your logic thats completly fine . 
  this is a forum . 
  we argue about our opinions ; i do n't care about arguing for or against my government 's position . 
  i understand their position as much as turkey understands their position . 
  also , where did i `` whine '' ? 
  i already told you that turkey can get in our fir but there is a chance that they may be shot down . 
  same deal for when we violate your fir . 
   greece should act according to ~ ~ the treaty and as you know those islands were unarmed even before you both entered nato . 
  it happened . ~ ~ their interests . 
  there . 
  i fixed it for you . 
  turkey should do the same . 
  like this idiotic , in my opinion , posturing of `` toughness '' . 
  or the idiotic , in my opinion , comments of erdogan on the lausanne treaties . 
  or like the smart , in my opinion , control of the flow of refugees towards europe . 
   might makes right this has been the case since the beginning of human history and it 's not going to change any time soon . 
  what russia did with ukraine was not wrong because of treaties and agreements , and it was not right because of a lack of those . 
  same deal that unrecognized occupied part of cyprus that turkey took over . 
   a turk might think it is ridiculous that their old territories and the birthplace of their founder is in greek hands . 
  should they act for it ? 
  and a greek person could say the exact same for turkey . 
  if any side thinks they can act on it , they can try . 
  both sides judge the positives and negatives and act on them . 
   it is not up to you to decide if it is ridiculous or not . 
  it is up to me to express my opinion , especially since you asked me . 
  and * it is ridiculous . 
  *  islands are not same as coast of the mainland so you position is that greece should completely remove their installations of the islands that are 5 miles off turkey , while turkey has their coast fully armed ? 
  never going to happen and you know it . 
  the important detail to keep in mind here is that there is no armed forces on these islands , it 's just some very well equipped national guard . 
  you missed this part in my answer :  as long as no hostilities take place as long as turkey is n't harming anyone , they can `` expand '' their treaties . 
  this of course does n't mean * in both cases * that you can not expect any kind of response ; if turkey sends planes in fir athens , they may get shot down for example . 
  same deal when we do the same . 
  the funny thing is that turkey has actively gone against treaties and harmed people . 
  has the greek population in turkey remained unharmed since the lausanne treaty ? 
   well this is meaningful as saying turkish army is in turkey in order to make annexation of turkey not worthy . 
  well , you 've seen what the map looks like . 
  it 's ridiculous to expect the greek islands that are 40 minutes away from air bases and several hours away from navy bases to stay demiliarised when they are adjacent to turkey to stay without army . 
  turkey is not under any obligation to demilitarise its coast , is it ? 
   it is funny actually how childish the behavior is . 
  indeed . 
   how about sticking to demilitarisation issye ? 
  i thought you asked me about the article . 
  i believe that its ridiculous to ask a country to leave its islands that are right next to another semi-hostile country free of military . 
  greece correctly placed `` national guard '' on those islands . 
  i do n't personally care how each country cites and uses international treaties and law to do what they want as long as no hostilities take place . 
  i have served on such an island right next to turkey like a ton of other greeks . 
  we were there in order to make annexation of those islands not worthy . 
  turkey could take those islands but they 'd have to incur huge loss of life and equipment . 
  wikipedia has [ a nice section ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute#demilitarized_status ) about the issues wit the demilitarisation . 
  it depends on which islands you are talking about since different treaties and agreements cover each case . 
  i believe that turkey can dispute on her own whatever they want for internal news consumption . 
  i also believe that greece can do whatever they want in their waters . 
  funnily enough , this exercise is taking place in kos , and there have been no treaties between turkey and greece as far as those islands are concerned . 
  i am making fun of the fact that they are `` demilitarised '' . 
  they are not . 
  it 's just that we `` call '' the army stationed on them as national guard ( \u0395\u03b8\u03bd\u03bf\u03c6\u03c5\u03bb\u03b1\u03ba\u03ae in greek ) . 
   demilitarized lol . 
  they are `` officially '' demilitarised by merely renaming the kind of army they have . 
   why do n't we rename istanbul to constantinople ? 
  i am ok with that name . 
  after all , its also greek . 
  ni\u00e1u, 
  exposure is a bit long for the focal length though . 
  it 's a gorgeous island and the mountain is 1600m high which is quite [ impressive ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7f/20100927_samothrace_island_from_marmaritsa_thrace_greece_panorama.jpg ) for a small-ish island !, 
  you should visit in summer ; it 's a short boat ride from alexandropoli . 
  no it 's not cause it would be infringing on what i view as a fundamental right to eu moneyz to continuously bail out banks and it should spark international outrage like the racists dutch customs . 
  edit : in all seriousness , some rights of an eu country can be suspended ( teu article 7 ) without a majority but the identification of the reasons must be unanimous . 
  these reasons may concern `` respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities '' etc. 
  in order to fully expel greece , the treaties themselves have to be changed , and in order for them to change it has to be unanimous . 
  so greece will have to vote for itself to be able to leave . 
  so nos was talking about `` the country itself would be split up and sold to it 's neighbors after we 'd sold off all the real estate , banks , infrastructure and whatnot '' . 
  my statement about either propaganda or bad memories remains . 
  nos , if it 's accurate and objective , was definitely not speaking about that .
