  in ancient greece they also raped and slaughtered anyone without much regard , but it is n't the highest point of any country 's ancient history . 
  if you do n't get my sarcasm about `` finding a way '' then i ca n't help you more in this thread . 
  i see you are talking about something else . 
  assuming that there is evidence of who did what , then yes , people will be arrested . 
  if there is no evidence then no . 
  arrested for what ? 
   no we would find a way . 
  that 's a non answer . 
  there is no way to protect sea borders that are right next to another country 's from non armed immigrants without using violence . 
   so what happens when all your neighbours on your north close down their borders with you ? 
  will the migrants stay in greece 4ever and just keep coming and coming ? 
  i wonder if that would change greece 's attitude ? 
  no we would find a way . 
  if hungary had sea borders you 'd have the same exact problem . 
  she was charged with possession of a pepper spray which is illegal , not about using the pepper spray . 
   hungary has broadly transposed the relevant eu asylum-related directives into national legislation . 
  the law on asylum was adopted in june 2007 followed by implementing provisions to the law covering the structures and procedures necessary to determine and provide for international protection needs , reception and integration services . 
  http://www.refworld.org/pdfid/4f9167db2.pdf you can not build a fence in the sea . 
  the fence is up and running for years in the land between greece and turkey . 
  grow balls ? 
  sure , we should start shooting them to show our gigantic balls . 
  you can not enter foreign waters . 
  even if you could , why would turkey accept them ? 
  you can not turn them around into turkish waters ; if there were international waters then this could happen . 
  what is more , if they are discovered the boat gets shipwrecked and then it is the navy 's legal requirement to save them . 
  greece , like all countries , is obligated to take in asylum seekers . 
  it was easy when you had a few hundreds every year to process but when you have about 3-5 thousand a day it becomes an impossible task . 
  maybe your fellow countrymen should be pissed off at europe 's tendency to promise housing , jobs etc to immigrants . 
  btw , very few of those immigrants wish to come to hungary , they will just pass through in whatever way possible . 
  there 's no international waters . 
  it 's turkish waters and greek waters . 
  solid defense as in `` build a sea wall 30ft high along a few thousand kms '' ? 
  that 's about 5 days worth of refugees over here with the current rate . 
  in all seriousness i believe that those publicly announced rising estimates have nothing to do with real ongoing predictions ; they are about slowly enforcing acceptance that millions of people would enter !, 
   stop boats en route and escort them back . 
  if necessary detain them and deport them back to turkey . 
  the area where people now cross are relatively small and can easily be watched 24/7 . 
  there is no `` en-route '' . 
  it 's turkish waters , then greek waters . 
  the moment they are on greek waters they are greece 's problem . 
  you can not stop them on turkish waters of course since you can not enter . 
  also , you can not deport them back to turkey like that . 
  describe to us please how you 'd do the deporting ; a plane ? 
  why would turkey accept them ? 
   if they make it on land , detain them , register them and return them to turkey . 
  they have been granted asylum in turkey , or they have no passports and definitely no visas , so it is greece ` s duty to enforce the schengen entry agreements . 
  sure , let 's detain , register , house and feed a fresh batch of 3k people per day . 
  as i said , returning them to turkey is impossible unless turkey starts accepting them . 
  all solutions sound easy when you are an armchair analyst . 
  plus australia has international waters surrounding it . 
  greece does n't , it 's greek waters touching turkish waters ; you ca n't turn them back or leave them on international waters . 
  the usual question is posed in this thread ; do they enter because they technically can , or because they are encouraged with overly helpful and promising immigration policies ? 
   or sarificing one of your islands to `` stash '' them away - the australian model . 
  i 'd like to see how many refugees has australia `` stashed '' . 
  i bet it 's not 1 million plus every year . 
   only let in asylum seekers if you are prepared to keep them let 's see you enforcing that with sea borders and 3k people arriving every day along multiple islands . 
  i was the responsible tourist in a hurry to get to an event . 
  britain vs finland / russia for alcohol ? 
  that 's where northern ireland will be of great use !, 
  i 've been asked to buy alcohol for minors in sweden . 
  they were hanging out of a supermarket . 
  our national sport in greece is '' [ \u03c4\u03ac\u03b2\u03bb\u03b9 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2qlrjgz.jpg ) '' also known as backgammon !, 
  for the perfect greek conditions you need to consume cigarettes and some frappe iced coffee along with it . 
  now in all seriousness , football is the most well known sport with basketball coming in second . 
  you forgot the bullfighting !, 
  i 've been on the official cheese rolling event and it was glorious . 
  especially the trekking via farmlands from the train station to the hill !, 
  you need to put everything in orbit first . 
  so the less mass you need to move from earth , the better it is !, 
  at the moment a fusion rocket is impossible and if i recall correctly the main reason is the heavy shielding needed to protect the ( human ! ), 
  cargo . 
  i believe that with enough funding and a good * climate * we could achieve this easily within a decade or two . 
  from my understanding yes . 
  but still weight is probably the largest factor for space travel so the fission engine needs to be also very small . 
  ideally it has to be smaller or equal to the current source of power , solar panel arrays . 
  as far as mass is concerned deep space 1 launched in 1998 and changed velocity by 4300 m/s while consuming less than 74 kilograms of xenon . 
  dawn reached 10k m/s !, 
  ion engines as a propulsion system are viable . 
  they have been in use since the early 2000s in deep space missions and in satellites since the 70s . 
  it just takes ages to to accelerate !, 
  yeah homogay is the worst !, 
  sure , a few trillion euros could build a 60m high wall around all sea borders . 
  no i do n't agree that there are weekly riots for months for the last 7 years . 
  it 's not what i wan na call it ; it is what it is . 
  using your definitions , every year in berlin there are riots and violent protests on may 1st . 
   considering there have been riots on a weekly basis for some months every year for the last 7 years i 'd love to read your kind of news !, 
  this is so funnily wrong that it sounds like an onion article . 
  greece ( or any other country with vast sea borders ) can not humanely keep out a daily influx of 5k people that arrive in small inflatable boats . 
  the rules have been bent a lot in the last year or so from every eu country , do n't act as if you have n't noticed . 
  this is already being done as afar as processing is concerned . 
  the problem is that housing them for a `` a few weeks or months '' is not realistic . 
  this whole process of granting asylum or deportation lasts forever at the moment and that would mean greece having to house 3-5 thousand new immigrants per day . 
  sure sure , let them stay in greece . 
  after all there 's lots of jobs here and the economy is in fantastic shape at the moment !, 
  i bet one wanker did it ; the rest are urban legends of course !, 
  it reminds me of those * stories * of german people refusing to pay for food in greek restaurants because greece has n't paid their debts ... 
   the firewood is free and unlimited so he chops wood and he uses it ? 
  that 's a huge no-no and it is illegal as well . 
  i 'd love to see how he will live in his tent when it is 6 degrees right now . 
   `` airbus says it has been working on the concept since 2010 and has even flight-tested small demonstrators . '',
