  also , there are many older people that lived through the emblematic eras of nd and pasok in the 70sand 80s when they had big and popular figures for leaders and they are still loyal to their old parties . 
  it would be even better if you saw them results in a '' < 50 years old '' vs ''  50 years old '' !, 
  older people were too scared to vote for syriza and that led to new democracy getting a landslide of votes at their age group . 
  and [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) = res !, 
  kke is the definition of old-communism !, 
  ( mouxla , to res mou leei pws sou exw dwsei 13 upvotes , kalh synexeia ! ), 
  dude , thanks for doing what i was bored to do !, 
  to be honest i am surpised since `` to bhma '' , the newspaper in quetsion is openly anti-new-democracy and they have been pro-pasok for the last decade or so . 
  all hail the red zone !, 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; i do n't understand ... 
  the only place where this rule is not followed is in the pub / club . 
  sometimes it can even be ridiculously stupid , like people queuing for a bus and half of them stand in the rain with umbrellas while the rest are in the bust stop !, 
  i still love queuing in the uk !, 
  as a red-zone native that has lived in the green-zone as well as in the light-blue zone , i can confirm that this map is very accurate !, 
  i just wanted to point out that the magazine that this research was done for is quite weird . 
  it 's one of those `` everyone hates greece and they all conspire together to steal greece 's money '' magazines . 
  each magazine and major website take a company that does research ( like vprc in this case ) like that and results usually are close to the magazine 's `` tendency '' . 
  anti-austerity media will say that greeks absolutely hate germans and that syriza will come in first in the june elections ; pro-austerity media will say the complete opposite . 
  and of course all studies were made properly !, 
  true :d, 
  i like how in the second picture , the africa comparison one , they did n't even pick the whole europe !, 
  can i join in with some ouzo and fried calamaris ? 
  i disagree with brichals , but assuming that greeks have special negative feelings for germans is moronic . 
  amen . 
  we have plenty of experience in wars to understand that we do n't need another one !, 
  we are more civilised savages now !, 
  your last sentence sounds amazing but i am quite certain that no such thing will take place over here . 
  as far as peaceful revolutions are concerned , do n't expect anything violent happening in greece . 
  the riots that you all saw happening in athens in the past are orchestrated by a couple of hundreds of people that make all the mess and then the police moves in to teargas everyone . 
  it was quite sad how quickly a peaceful demonstration turned into a mess for all the world to see from so few people ... worst case scenario is that the really peaceful demonstrators will beat some of those stupid fucks ( pardon my french ) that riot . 
  great article btw . 
  i will read it tonight !, 
  if you recall , it was all over the news when they were trying to count the number of public servants and they could n't reach to a conclusion . 
  i believe that greeks are well aware of the government issues since they have to painfully deal with it every other day in one way or another . 
  ( hello my fellow greek ! ), 
  i just jumped to the conclusion that you are swedish . 
  am i correct ? 
  the politics system like most systems around the world does n't allow really honest people to make change . 
  how people enter politics in greece is a whole other discussion and unfortunately it 's not pretty . 
  let 's just say that it involves universities , political parties that are more or less in control of their universities , and the fact that unless you are affiliated with a specific party you will never get ahead . 
  i sincerely hope that this will change asap . 
  the last major protests in greece were about the political system and the corruption of our system plus various issues with giving control of a country 's budget to foreigners . 
  one of the major cries of the protests was that the whorehouse-parliament should be burned !, 
  i will point you to the assembly 's agreed points ( that i found on wikipedia ) : * any corrupt politician should either be sent home or to jail . 
  * when we , the people , start discussions without fear , fear grips them , inside the parliament building . 
  * this is not just the politician 's fault . 
  it 's all our faults , with our selfish attitudes . 
  * their democracy guarantees neither justice nor equality . 
  * the taxation system is not the same for the rich and the poor . 
  equal rights for everyone . 
  there is more support on not paying parts of the debt that are considered to be odious , than support against the budget cuts themselves !, 
  it 's not the budget cuts themselves that annoy the average greek person , it 's the rest of the measures such as lowering ( the already unlivable ) minimum wage by 25 % !, 
  he said rest of europe . 
  not rest of eu or euro zone . 
  maybe i should have said that i was a `` being-exact-nazi '' !, 
  after all norway is part of the imf that gives aid to greece . 
  norway itself has suspended the help last year if i recall correctly . 
  w00ster is tagged as norway . 
  mouxlas asked the guy tagged as norway how exactly does he suffer . 
  we have elections on the 17th of june . 
  the options are : 1 ) vote for the two usual parties that have led greece here and have been in place since the late 70s . 
  you get my point ... 2 ) vote for a major leftist party , syriza , who is euopean enough while keeping their socialist roots ( at least that 's how they appear to be , you never know until they are the governemnt ! ), 
  he has been very anti-austerity in greece while he is more ready to negotiate when he talks abroad . 
  of course he is disillusioned , but choosing him for a prime minster is more of a `` lets vote for someone who seems to be more honest and less of a crook '' option . 
  3 ) vote for crazy parties such as golden dawn , the fascists , or kke , the hardcore communists . 
  both parties are completely disillusioned and live in their own world . 
  4 ) vote for parties formed by previous parliament members of the main two parties for several years and now have formed their own parties and do everything they can to get in the parliament . 
  they are desperate and ready to propose and promise anything in order to get elected ... 5 ) pff , why vote , we are fucked no matter what , i have better things to do . 
  i am more content with option no 3 than no 5 to be honest . 
  i hope that in june the turn-up will be higher !, 
  as far as common greek is concerned i will give you one small example . 
  a friend of mine calculated that last year his family paid 80 % of their income in direct and indirect taxes . 
  of course they are one of those families that * always * did everything by the book and lived with their means !, 
  do you think that this kind of austerity can be sustained ? 
  how could the average greek person be ok with austerity like that ? 
  i want to join in and point out that the budget deficit , excluding the debts paid each month for older loans , is less than 1 % at the moment which is quite a feat and a proof that some kind of black magic has been happening in greece for the last 3 years . 
  i do n't like being a context-nazi , but he did sau `` rest of europe '' and since he is from norway he is in that part of europe that is suffering . 
  it has been a long time since i gave out so many upvotes and downvotes to the same users in one single thread !, 
  i was quite happy with all you said until this part :  the greek people have no idea how poorly their government is run and how its very foundations are non-existent you must not live in greece despite your name !, 
  greeks loathe the public sector and hate this bureaucratic nightmare that messes things up . 
  those that take advantage of it though are quite happy being in it !, 
  this is not normal ; but on meth it is . 
  the madame merkel part is completely editorialized ... 
  maybe some muslim extremists will blow up the british museum during the olympics ; we 'd better get all those ancient articles out asap !, 
  btw , a 120bn pound deficit per year is not defined as `` we can afford a nanny state '' . 
  would you like your 9bn euros right now in cash or in 9 monthly installments of 1 billion ? 
  ( joking and discussing aside , good luck with the olympics ! ), 
  athens was part of the ottoman empire in the 1600s , so no , greeks had nothing to do with blowing them to smithereens ; if you wish blame the venetians for bombing the parthenon !, 
  we should n't be spending extra money on a lot of other things , but we * should * spend more money on our culture . 
  maybe the uk should spend a lot less on it 's ridiculous nanny state than spending money on destroying greek marbles . 
  yeah the british really took good care of the marbles !, 
  they sanded off all the `` imperfections '' and they also let barbeques take place in the same hall so that dirt can accumulate on them ... 
  the marbles are better off in the parthenon museum which is located in plain view of the acropolis itself . 
  in before the `` lies lies lies , greeks have been doing nothing for their deficit '' !, 
  sometimes i just think that all this situation is a social experiment of how much can a country take before it bursts !, 
  there are other countries with huge problems piling up for many years now and everybody knows that things are bound to go messy while they do nothing . 
  take holland for example , a modern , advanced economy that has a huge issue with household debt . 
  the average household debt is 2.5 times larger than the household income !, 
  take usa , where the college debt will explode in a few years . 
  my point is that signs are always there but usually people ( politicians and/or voters ) leave it until the last moment to try and save the situation .
