   try the same shit in germany and see what happens . 
  the moment that food stops being served , everyone busts out their smokes and start smoking ? 
  that 's my recent experience . 
  who cares about facts , right ? 
  the `` winner '' defines the history after all . 
  athens higher up than paris , london and barcelona . 
  sure , sure , whatever bild.de ... 
  they are not turks , they are muslim greeks of turkish and pomak descent . 
  for a country that has thousand of legal muslim residents and mosques for about 100 years in the region of thrace , i 'd say that they are quite well integrated . 
  i am proud to say that no greeks have joined isis . 
  / r/mildlymetal, 
   the flow decreasing to a trickle weather has been exceptionally bad in the last couple of days . 
  i believe they will continue to flow in unless turkey does something concrete about it . 
  i am happy that my country still is high in that list !, 
  wtf ? 
  he was basically a meme ... 
   athilas thasos was this thing popular in turkey in any way ?? 
  alrighty !, 
  he was technically half iranian from his mother 's side . 
  i 'd prefer north macedonia or vardar macedonia . 
  appropriating history is a `` bit '' of a no-no though . 
  no kangaroos in austria man !, 
  sorry to degrade the conversation but ...  unless you got only 100 years of it rekt, 
  i 'd propose `` independent european republic of australia '' myself . 
  you know what i meant . 
  it gets boring to repeat myself . 
  interestingly enough there have been talks about finland purchasing karelia back in the past since it was a finnish area that became russian after ww2 . 
   in 1998 finnish president martti ahtisaari said that `` finland 's official position is that it does not have territorial demands on russia . 
  however , if russia wants to discuss returning the ceded areas , finland is ready for that . '', 
  also local polls seem to show a ~ 30 % positive opinion in finland on getting those territories back even though very few people speak the local language nowadays . 
  in greece 's case it is not a matter of land ; fyrom on the other hand considers macedonia an area where * suppressed * macedonians reside and thessaloniki , our second largest city , their `` future capital '' . 
  maybe if the republic of karelia was talking about getting the finnish parts you would sing a different tune . 
  the point is that a neighbor appropriating a name and starting to revise history is wrong . 
  they are off the peninsula so i prefer my suggestion . 
  maybe the suppressed and suffering swedish `` ethnic group '' should rise up and join glorious sweden . 
   there 's no real alternative these names were a basis for greece accepting a name . 
  `` republic of upper macedonia '' `` new republic of macedonia '' or `` republic of new macedonia '' `` republic of macedonia-skopje '' fyrom rejected them . 
   benefits no-one except maybe a few nationalists you have it backwards . 
  using the name * macedonia * along with those stupid historic `` claims '' is exactly what fyrom nationalists do . 
  there 's no welsh people , it 's western english . 
   but then again , we also call aromanians \u201e machidoni '' / \u201e machedoni '' . 
  that is really interesting !, 
  stop talking you eastern portuguese person !, 
  sure , as long as we call finland as `` former north-western region of russia '' . 
  correct . 
  lol , insurance !, 
  it 's really hard even if you have years of experience and as usual it always depends on your industry . 
  the images op posted do n't show that we have a 24 % unemployment that gets to 50 % for ages between 18-25 . 
  the current situation is that no matter what , * if * you find a job , you will be registered as working for 4 hours while working for 10 + . 
  if you do n't like this there is a queue of applicants waiting to come in . 
  all that happens if you are lucky to get declared and get insured of course !, 
  yes the minimum wage varies but only according to age ( below 25 or not ) and if you are a `` technical '' worker or not . 
  supposedly for non technical work and if you are above 25 the minimum wage is 586 euros . 
  yeah sure , good luck getting that in greece . 
  hey slovakia , [ our parliament nazis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fymiaap.jpg ) are better than your nazis !, 
  which islands were you talking about ? 
  returned ? 
  where is that signed agreement to return imia ? 
   it 's understandable that we want them agreed . 
  still , you lost that war 90 years ago and these islands went to italy and then to greece . 
  it 's not greece that claims turkish islands ; it 's turkey that claims greek `` rocks '' in the sea , such as imia . 
  please work hard to improve your reading comprehension . 
   few insignificant islands sure , ok . we will keep our * insignificant * islands . 
  would you mind backing out of the other insignificant island called cyprus please ? 
  in before : it 's greece 's fault !, 
  welcome to the club slovakia . 
  les revenants was successful enough that they turned it into an american series !, 
  the gd meps are wankers but his point still stands : there is a * muslim * minority and not a * turkish * minority . 
  as a greek the perfect thing to do is wait till things are terrible in greece in a few years , then claim refugee status and go to an advanced country and claim benefits !, 
  there is always a chance that if migrants are going to be stuck on islands that they will try to reach the mainland directly . 
  therefore thasos could be a destination for a few stray boats . 
  still , i bet that thasos ' quietness will not be disturbed by an influx of immigrants or even tourists !, 
  check the map ; it 's a bit far for boats to arrive from turkey and immigrant would n't reach it in order to leave greece . 
  a quick google search revealed practically no news of immigrants arriving there . 
  crete is too far away from turkey and the immigrant flow to get affected . 
   there is n't exactly an abundance of empty houses in the countries they want to go to . 
  and why would greece take the full burden now until the flow slows down when they were n't the ones that openly told them they are welcome ? 
  i do n't believe the numbers will slow down ; i hope that a new route will `` open '' that will circumvent greece . 
  you can not build 3k sleeping places per day . 
  facility area per person only is ridiculously high ; a person would need an absolute minimum of 3sq meters for sleeping , dining , storage etc. 
  so 3k arrivals per day ( this is for winter , expect 5-10k per day in summer ! ), 
  means that 9k sq meters per * day * need to be created , furnished and maintained . 
  the newly created hotspots that everyone was demanding from greece to create asap , were filled in just 3 days . 
  as a greek citizen i am ready to accept , house and feed your 3k new immigrant arrivals per day . 
  this is / r/europe , where poe 's law becomes painful reality mon ami . 
  avoid islands that are right next to turkey and you will be fine . 
  after all , greece is not only `` islands '' ; you could spend a month just touring peloponese and swimming in a new beach every day . 
  wait what ? 
  greece should fix the syrian war ? 
  in bulgaria and a net pay of 1020 euros i 'd be called the `` king of bulgaria '' !, 
   meanwhile , greek authorities are reducing the number of migrant ferries from ~ ~ turkey ~ ~ * greek islands * to the mainland . 
  there i fixed it for you dw !, 
  australia can push them or escort them to international waters . 
  there are no international waters between greece 's and turkey 's waters . 
  plus their whole immigration issue was minuscule ; they detained about 15k people in total if i recall correctly . 
  imagine that 100k people/month arrive to greece in summer months . 
  dude , you do n't get it . 
  these boats do n't return back to turkey . 
  there were even articles about greedy greeks dismantling them to make money off the engines and a famous picture of two greeks in a fistfight for an engine !, 
   those who pay no heed and illegally enter the eu will be provided food and basic shelter until they voluntarily leave .
