45 degrees in canada ? 
  wow !, 
  i was well aware of the minus part , but completely oblivious of the the positive part . 
  is this for a big area ? 
  you do pretty well when i see you guys around in summer !, 
  it can sure get hotter over there . 
  nonetheless i doubt you have a big temperature range during the year . 
  at my house in can range from -5 to +43 !, 
  as a swede chances are that you have already visited greece , so you know how it is here !, 
  if not , i hope that you melt soon !, 
  26 is april weather here . 
  it 's been 33 + for the past weeks ... 35 today at my area . 
  i sort of miss the british weather no matter how strange it sounds !, 
  the sky , yes . 
  the heat , no !, 
  is this a joke ? 
  ( currently under some blazing greek sky at the moment so i can afford the irony ), 
   `` the research is based on 761 volumes of archival material , including documents , agreements , court decisions and legal texts . '', 
  [ ... ] `` researchers examined 190,000 pages of documents , which had been scattered across public archives , often stored in sacks thrown in the basements of public buildings . '', 
  i guess they forgot to check the agreements that greece signed , right ? 
  what does this have to do with immigrants mate ? 
  it 's a needle sharing issue ; the rest of the numbers has been quite stable . 
  it just means that other parties lost more voters in the `` i wo n't vote this time '' crowd . 
  it can also mean that they are more adamant about their choice !, 
  i do n't like either option . 
  true . 
  after digging through data it seems that they received around 30k less votes than in the previous elections . 
  it will tally up to about 370k votes for gd in total . 
  0.7 percentage points of growth . 
   in recent months have i started to actually see stuff the stuff that has been going on in vienna for ages as far as i am concerned . 
  your description was a point by point description of my experience a decade ago !, 
  it is nothing new !, 
  you should have seen the prater area before the football cup !, 
  do n't forget to add mao in the mix !, 
  please no serious replies to my sarcasm !, 
  ps : i completely agree with you . 
  by then greeks will have evolved to getting pensions when they are born while their first words will be `` hate eu , love their moneyz '' ... 
   if greece has fixed itself enough till that time not going to happen with those kind of measures proposed by europe . 
  by 2019 we would be having a new discussion about `` grexits '' and bailouts . 
  your parliament has n't agreed yet ; nonetheless even if your politicians disagree you will `` gift '' us because the rest of europe will dictate this for you instead of your parliament . 
   just pick them up and bring them back to africa . 
  sounds so simple until you need to act on this . 
  we 'd welcome some dutch assistance on this ; please send your police to do that for us . 
  after all we can not pay those expenses . 
  just like the greek gov sold their 33 % stake at a betting company for ~ 600 mil euros . 
  the total valuation should be around 1.8 bil , right ? 
  the company 's profits each year are around the billion mark ... 
  sure it 's possible . 
  i 'd also suggest a referendum asking this : `` would you like to split the country in 5 parts and sell it off to serbia , bulgaria , moldova , hungary and ukraine ? '', 
  i am not saying this is good or bad , but it 's possible . 
   i want my country to be ran from brussels . 
  ok . sure . 
  the minimum salary if you have a job is about 450 . 
  for a supermarket . 
  for bars it is 4-5 euros unless you go to tavern . 
  i know this is not the thread to do that , but romanians would complain all the time that they have lower salaries than greece and the prices are virtually the same , when you will not pay anything less than 2 euros for a cheap beer in a tavern in athens !, 
  for a bar this price inflates to about 4 to 5 euros for 0.5 lt. 
   the cheapest you 'll find is 1 - 1.20 euros for 0.5 l. not really . 
  hellas pils can be found for 0.8 euros easily . 
  this , plus all women of greece will have to enjoy his glorious communist penis . 
  now fuck off with your trolling . 
  this is out of topic but i just had a huge deja vu by reading your comment !, 
  unfortunately yes . 
  we need reforms . 
  but less deflationary ones !, 
  unfortunately these proposals do n't help in this matter . 
  the original paper that was offered to greece as a `` take it or leave it '' option before the referendum was just those reforms with nothing extra . 
  * if * what i say above comes to fruition it would be a big win for the greek gov. 
   and german tourists feel safe in greece sure , sure . 
  i guess that the millions of germans that visit greece every year are super scared . 
  i ca n't think of many germans that would have a problem coming here for vacations other than merkel . 
  we are asking for bailout money , plus investment , plus talks for debt restructuring . 
  this is a 3 year program . 
  realistically ? 
  these harsh reforms plus 35bil euros for investment , plus $ $ $ to pay off debts till 2018 and resume the banking system . 
  plus promise of debt restructure in the future ( 2018 maybe ? ) . 
  when are the next elections in big eu countries ? 
  i believe nobody in the eu wants to touch that hot potato at the moment . 
  they 'd much better prefer to leave it to the next prime ministers !, 
  by the way , there is still a chance that no deal will be reached !, 
  they are resistant because syriza has a coalition government with a right-wing party that has close connection to the army . 
  they were pushing hard for not cutting these expenditures at all . 
  i guess this is a compromise from their part . 
  edit : there 's going to be drama . 
  kammenos , the leader of the other party has n't signed off the proposal . 
  just wait . 
  this is supposed to come from the other side of the negotiations . 
  to be honest the communist party would have called on a demonstration no matter what kind of agreement took place . 
  the only way they would n't do so was if tsipras just gave them a paper saying `` fuck the eu , i am out '' . 
  i guess debt relief proposals is what the other side of the negotiations has to suggest . 
   once greece has made payments greece has never missed a payment up to the imf one . 
  the problem is being able to pay our dues while being able to run the country itself . 
  personally , if i had the choice of paying an installment or paying pensions , i 'd chose the pensions . 
  too bad there are capital controls here , or else i 'd have bought you some gold !, 
  it just points out that the government has no money in hand . 
  i sometimes wonder if we all removed our tags , then we 'd get less downvotes !, 
  it 's not like someone pulled this figure out of their ass or anything ... 
  she is a basket case . 
  check what she said when the pope visited greece ages ago : https://youtu.be/cisa4zxypr8?t=38, 
  i 'd love to see similar stats for other eu countries plus what kind of `` penalty '' each pensioner gets for choosing to retire early .
