  but a system with as many human factors as that can not be perfect , and overall it also functions very well . 
  yeah , i guess it will always be different . 
  i have a 2003 renault and every time i go into the shop ( which is quite often ) i get into a conversation about how crap the electronics are ( and everything under the car as well ) . 
  very comfortable and nice to drive , but i will never buy one again . 
  i have spent as much money repairing it as i did to buy it . 
  i also have a 1991 nissan where everything still works , even the electric windows and the seat warmers . 
  is there really any good reason to move on finland ? 
  i mean resource-wise they are n't exactly rich and they do n't have any particular geographical advantage that st. petersburg does n't . 
  i 'm just glad that they 've never really set their eyes on norway , it would actually make more sense with all our ports , fish and oil . 
  given renaults history of atrocious electronics i 'd be a bit sceptical : / but then again nissan is the polar opposite of that . 
  ha , just saw that now . 
  i guess thats how they manage to make money . 
  damn tricky hungarians . 
   emigrants dream yep , we have a direct flight to vilnius from my city that can cost as little as 219 kr ( 25 eur ) . 
  less than a taxi to the airport . 
  meh , we 'll just flatten belgium and build a giant flywheel . 
  on a serious note there has been some reasonable discussion in norway about providing storage capacity in the form of hydroelectric dams . 
  it would be a huge investment a likely just cover some small part of the market , but it would be a step forward for wind and solar . 
  and of course you could scale it up massively if you want to and want to put down the resources . 
  theres also the good old nazi idea of building a dam across the gibraltar strait :d, 
  stored energy = potential energy in any practical sense . 
  of course storing it will make you lose some of it . 
  that is kj\u00f8ttkaker for helvete !, 
  its almost as if the eu deserves some kind prize for the peace they have helped create . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomte . 
  i want to believe !, 
  nisser and trolls . 
  mostly nisser . 
  why not spend $ 60 000 on [ this ] ( http://www.finn.no/finn/realestate/homes/object?finnkode=45401381&amp;serachclickthrough=true ) 143 669 m \u00b2 farm in norway ? 
  i like that they included an extra map of iceland , just to show that its grey . 
  edit : btw , would n't a population density map like this one : http://i.imgur.com/4xeek.jpg show you exactly the same thing ? 
  scandinavia is definitely worth a visit . 
  lutefisk is n't as bad as it sounds , its actually kind of bland . 
  mostly its an excuse to drink our national spirit , akevitt !, 
  yeah i guess from our standpoint most of american politics are pretty conservative and capitalist , maybe not so much in an american context : / . 
  anyone who keeps norwegian food traditions get a star in my book . 
  i have met a few of the heritage guys because i grew up in a tourist town , and they 're mostly quite nice . 
  theres also a show on tv here where they bring a bunch of americans over to compete for who is the most norwegian , quite entertaining at times . 
  some of them get extremely emotional when they learn about their forefathers history and stuff like that , which is a very un-norwegian reaction :d [ alt for norge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sx0wr-ut0s ), 
  there is some lutefisk in sweden , but its mostly a norwegian thing afaik . 
  my impression of the norwegian diaspora in the us is that they are pretty far removed from modern norway . 
  mostly very conservative , religious , capitalist type of people . 
  norway has changed a lot since they left in the 1800s, 
  so thats where all the rain went . 
  we 've only had about 10mm in january , normal is above 100mm . 
  the weather seems to be getting weirder and weirder . 
  a * gay * vampire . 
  not that theres anything wrong with that ... or maybe there is , i really do n't know . 
  heh , i remember it was -42 once when i was up north in the army . 
  was out on exercise so i had a poo outside in -40 . 
  that was a bit on the cold side . 
  yeah , you need to wear more clothes if you keep getting infections and bronchitis . 
  both are mostly caused by pollution and / or in connection with influenza anyway , not directly by the cold . 
  i 've had both pretty bad in summer :( . 
  and 35 is pretty decent , you can get used to that , 45 is a really really uncomfortable imo , especially if you do n't have the opportunity to go inside . 
  current temperatures : http://www.yr.no/kart/#lat=56.29678&amp;lon=7.72029&amp;zoom=3&amp;laga=temp&amp;proj=900913, 
  meh , -20 you put on more clothes . 
  what the hell do you do in +45 ? 
  +5 here in norway . 
  last week it was cold , all the way down to -2 . brrrr, 
  yes . 
  1 % or so of the global stock market is what i 've read . 
  its pretty diverse investments , and a lot of them are abroad , i guess thats a factor that keeps us away from hyperinflation etc. 
  i really dont know since im not an economist . 
  spending is limited to a certain low percentage ( 4 % ) of the surplus of the oil fund ( the so called `` handlingsregelen '' ) . 
  about 605 billion euros if anyones wondering , or about 1 000 000 nok per person in norway . 
  personally i 'll be spending my million on a jetski and a helicopter . 
  `` journalism '', 
  yep , other countries actually pump water into reservoirs to use for dealing with surges in power consumption . 
  you open the gates and you produce more power , you close them , and theres less . 
  nord pool , we have tons of hydro power , which is easily regulated and the swedes have a more even combination of hydro and nuclear . 
  we do export quite a bit . 
  there is some more capacity for building , but its mostly not built because of local enviromental concerns . 
  the thing that helps it is that it will be a very slow rebalancing . 
  we 've positioned ourselves as world leading in offshore technology and engineering , so there will be a steady decline as the world stops using oil and we will probably return to our former industries , like ship building , metal production , fisheries , furniture manifacture , high tech work etc etc. 
  it 'll be worse than now in terms of unemployment , but not terrible . 
  we are also lucky to have our own energy needs covered by hydroelectric power more or less for ever . 
  ... yes, 
  we 've also had ships sailing , trains running and national knitting night . 
  groko , sounds like some japanese movie monster  our last one was r\u00f8d-gr\u00f8nn ( red green ) , so blue-blue was the natural ( and somewhat humerous ) next step . 
  1 : sakte-tv - `` slow tv '' 2 : rekkeviddeangst `` range anxity '' - electric car related 3 : gr\u00e5blogg `` grey blogg '' as opposed to pink blog ( which is a thing ) 4 : bitcoin 5 : bl\u00e5-bl\u00e5 ( blue - blue ) reference to our new coalition government 6 : betalingsmur ( paywall ) 7 : avf\u00f8lge ( de-follow ) 8 : karbonboble ( carbon bubble ? ), 
  - i have no idea 9 : netthat ( web hate ) - reference to comment field assholes and hateful bloggs etc, 
  like trondheim in norway used to be called drontheim in german . 
  i always loved that . 
  edit : this made me google drontheim and i found this article about the nazis wanting to turn it into a german singapore http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordstern ( ?! ), 
  http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/svensker_i_norge  might seem that way when you go to a cafe in oslo . 
  in western norway you hardly meet any swedes , tons of poles and lithuanians instead . 
  polish is likely the biggest . 
  there are something like 80 000 poles in norway , compared to 40 000 samis and 40 000 swedes . 
  however none of those are official minority languages in norway , then you only have sami , norwegian romani , jiddish ( ? ), 
  and kven/finnish to choose from, 
  i had to go outside and adjust my tv antenna . 
  tough times all around . 
  i think the only french book i 've ever read was mount analogue by rene daumal . 
  great read even though it was never finished . 
  i would read more french stuff , but you rarely hear about french litterature , so i would n't know where to start . 
  suggesting a subreddit invasion ? 
  how stereotypical of you . 
   why ca n't those guys eat putrefied shark like sensible people ? 
  savages !,
