  having lived in norway , denmark and sweden i sometimes forget about the other ones , 
  ah well . 
  if i think about it that is mostly the same in norway , people do n't necessarily change their official address . 
  so this does n't affect the stats i guess . 
  yeah , but in a lot of cities / towns there are long waiting lists for those . 
  it was like that in trondheim when i studied and i 've read that where i live now ( \u00c5lesund ) they only cover a small percentage of students . 
  i think a a lot of people do n't bother registering that they 've officially moved when they 're students , so that is more or less the same as you describe . 
  at least it was the case when i was a student in trondheim that the population of the city was under-reported by something like 10 % because of this . 
  urbanization + immigration + natural population growth coupled with stopping the social post-war house building policies has had it 's effect . 
  in norway our stipend has n't really gone up in decades , despite housing prices going crazy . 
  most people in ~ ~ the nordics ~ ~ norway leave home even before that to go to university . 
  made possible by stipends and summer jobs ( and well off parents ) personally i had to move out when i was 16 to go to high school . 
  * our * own fault . . 
  remember we 're talking about a completely hypothetical situation that has never ever happened . 
  give it a few hundred years and it will work itself out . 
  we kind of did that from 1800 - 2000 , so we 're kind of done with it i guess . 
  obviously there is something seriously wrong . 
  however it 's a chicken and egg question . 
  is there something seriously wrong ( partly ) because the west and the soviets has propped up a bunch of dictators or is it possible to prop up dicatators ( for whatever reason ) because there is something seriously wrong ? 
  both are obviously true to some extent . 
  they kind of feed off each other . 
  ( also the soviets did it in europe and asia as well , so i 'm not sure what your point is . ), 
  sadly poverty and war breeds more poverty and war . 
  something would need to break the downwards spiral , and it 's hard to see it happening in the near future . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's a perfectly kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 language . . 
  yeah , coastal norway is n't super cold . 
  it 's very rainy and windy year round though , so you never get long stable hot periods ( except for summer 2015 ), 
  off wikipedia :  it began in 2007 with a crisis in the subprime mortgage market in the us , and developed into a full-blown international banking crisis with the collapse of the investment bank lehman brothers on september 15 , 2008 . 
  [ 5 ] economics are pretty complex , and i 'm sure there was some contributors in europe as well , but i think it 's generally accepted that the main cause was us housing loans and bad ( and semi-legal ) banking practices . 
  and from my experience working with some spanish companies : ridiculously inefficient private businesses . 
  yep , the tax burden his high in the nordics , but it is also predictable , transparent and well structured . 
  which i think is more important . 
  we also have a well regulated work market with good cooporation between unions and companies , which has been a big part of our stable success in the last century . 
  we also have a well regulated financial and banking market , which in retrospect seems obviously better than the unregulated ways that led to the crash in the us . 
  if it was n't the case that 30k french people are born in the same period it would . 
  i think one of the issues is that the media does n't understand ( or want to understand ) statistics and polling . 
  this coming from someone who got a d in statistics in university , 
  yeah , i was over there on holiday , and out of curiosity i looked into if it was possible to work there . 
  looong hours and pretty mediocre pay , in addition to it just being very hard getting a job in the first place unless you have direct contacts . 
  your best bet is probably to get a job in a european company that deals with japan . 
  just came back from a two week holiday in japan . 
  just want to say it 's a fantastic country to visit and i 'd recommend it to anyone . 
  i can also understand why there are lots of japanese tourists in norway . 
  i 've never experienced a place that was so incredibly packed with people and houses . 
  complete opposite of here . 
  those polls were pretty close though . 
  that 's the thing about polls and stats . 
  when you say something has an +80 % chance of happening most people are really surprised when the opposite occurs . 
  yet no one would be surprised if they rolled a dice and got a particular number . 
  norway also tried to stay neutral . 
  turns out the big countries did n't really care . 
  hey , sometimes the wind stops for long enough for the fog to come in . 
  oslo has nicer winters than we have in \u00c5lesund . 
  rain and between -1 and 2 c all winter long . 
  at least it snows in the mountains . 
  16c is warmer than half of june where i live . 
  what is this black magic you speak of ? 
  unless the population collapses . 
  we tend to do very poorly in pisa tests , the school system is n't very focused on `` cramming '' , more on team work and discussion . 
  probably needs some reform . 
  but here in norway the best students today are usually children of immigrants , but the worst are as well . 
  sort of evens out depending on their socioeconomic background , does n't really correlate much with `` minority '' , more with rich/poor educated/uneducated parents . 
  opposite of norway then . 
  norwegians generally think norway is the bees knees . 
  at least if foreigners ask . 
  among ourselves its 24/7 complaining . 
  i used to go over \u00d8resund a lot . 
  narcotics dogs were quite common , saw a few kids get busted . 
  true . 
  deprecation cost you quite a bit , for some new cars it can be something like 10 $ a day . 
  possibly because you do n't factor in what having roads and maintaing a car costs you a year ( buying price , taxes , repairs etc ) . 
  but still one should think a train would be cheaper . 
  opera turbo works decently . 
  i use it when i 'm abroad with work and have to endure shitty hotel internet connections ( i 'm looking at you america ! ), 
  i 'm disappointed that opera is n't the most popular in its home country . 
  belarus seems to like it though ( !? ), 
  coincidentally the number of portugese in norway have doubled in the last ten years [ to 1500 ] , and the number of brazillians have more than tripled [ to 3300 ] . 
  and lithuanians have gone from 300 to 25 000 :o, 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_portugal ) is always correct [ citation needed ] i like that theres been a + 468333 % increase in moldovans . 
  if that continues there will be 65\u00a0814836 moldovans in portugal by 2015 ;d, 
  there are just as many chinese ( per capita ) in the nordic countries as there is in portugal . 
  the difference is that there are actually jobs to take i guess . 
  i 've never heard anything about the chinese , except maybe that they can be a bit weird ( as they have very different social norms ) . 
  edit : and you have a surprisingly high number of immigrants from eastern europe . 
  i thought times were pretty hard in portugal ? 
  apparently we 're kinda racist . 
  hmm, 
  norwegians love you . 
  especially football and bbc programming . 
  it was . 
  though the whole culture was named after the vikings in the romance period , but in reality vikings were people who went abroad to plunder and trade etc , not all norse were vikings . 
  except hes a british jew born in uganda . . 
  compared to the european spectrum ? 
  there are usually everything from communist parties to libertarians to conservative religious parties to choose from . 
  democrats and republicans are moderate right to far right . 
  well , of course they can , and obviously in america . 
  but i think most europeans would find it too exotic and strange to vote a mormon into office . 
  i 've read things that suggests that america has moved to the right . 
  taxes for the rich have dropped , inequality has increased , `` real '' salary has decreased and there is less regulation of the financial market .
