  i 'm just being criticial of the whole `` why did n't we build 1800s style buildings in the 60s and today '' - thing . 
  a bit of a strawman i guess , but i 've heard it expressed a lot . 
  i live in a city with lovely art noveau buildings from the early 1900s and it 's a crime how much of them has been lost due to modernization . 
  i think we should build modern buildings today and preserve as much of the older valuable architecture as possible . 
  in addition a much larger percentage of the population lived in rural areas , mostly packed into pretty poor housing . 
  my grandfather grew up with 14 people living in a house half the size of the one i grew up in . 
  they are what they 're supposed to be , affordable `` living machines '' . 
  people praise the classic architecture , but fail to realize that those nice ornamented buildings were mostly for rich people ( and dependent on very cheap labor ) and the masses lived in the countryside or in slums in the cities . 
   smithereens i wonder if this is related to the norwegian expression `` smitt & smule '' ( every last piece / every small piece ) ? 
  i also have no idea what `` smitt '' actually is . 
  does that mean that [ hufsa ] ( http://bloggfiler.no/majatokle.blogg.no/images/1843976-8-1393671632104.jpg ) is real ? 
  if so i 'm going into hiding . 
  yes , the planet has been almost completely frozen from pole to pole at some point . 
  life still survived somehow , we would n't have . 
  no , since ica pretty much folded we really only have four chains . 
  norgesgruppen ( kiwi , meny , spar , joker , eurospar ) , coop , rema 1000 and bunnpris ( cooporates with norgesgruppen ) . 
  i think they tried in norway as well , but at that point they had failed to get a significant part of the market and just cut their losses . 
  these days the norwegian market is practically a triopoly , and could really do with some competition , though personally i would rather have some more supermarkets rather than the low price - low selection stores that are everywhere anyway . 
  lost the popular vote though , did n't he ? 
  depends on the opposing candidate , but i think he will have a very hard time getting reelected . 
  i think the big existing chains in norway had ( and still have ) a real stranglehold on the supply chains . 
  although i also think it was a strategy to have `` generic '' products . 
  [ an article about it ] ( http://achievaint.com/the-case-of-lidl/ ), 
  they tried to start up in norway about ten years ago and completely flopped because of this . 
  no norwegian products on the shelves . 
  the most common names of non-patronymic origin in norway are : berg ( mountain/rock ) , haugen ( hill ) and hagen ( garden/field ) in 14th 15th and 16th place . 
  ah , same as here then , with a sprinkling of dutch and chinese . 
  sounds a lot like home . 
  is there also lots of wind and rain ? 
  oslos and copenhagens metro area has about 1/3 of the respective countries population as well , so that is n't necessarily unusual . 
  reykjavik and the surrounding areas has something like 2/3 of icelands population . 
  anyway , i 've always imagined ljubljana and budapest to be about the same size , learned today that that was very wrong . 
  almost the exact same population as bergen in norway ( 278 000 vs 279 000 ) . 
  always imagined it would be a bigger city tbh . 
  lived there for a while and it really is quite nice . 
  only downside is all the danes . 
  half the us football team at least . 
  i 'm going to guess that a lot of the people going from norway to sweden are actually returning swedes . 
  i 'm not an economist so i ca n't really argue for or against it in any meaningful way . 
  i know that it 's very heavily debated amongst both politicians and economists in norway and i 'm pretty sure it 's intentions are pure redistribution of wealth . 
  as for banks and loans that really is n't much of an issue in norway these days . 
  the issue with investing is that when they are investing they could just as well put their money into foreign stocks or businesses , so norway does n't necessarily see any of that money . 
  you could also put money in a fund and let it accumulate until you die basically , leaving that money `` inactive '' for decades . 
  and to a certain extent you can `` bind up money '' by buying a 3rd house or a yatch or something like that . 
  pretty useless for society compared to tax income ( not getting into a debate about wheter rich people deserve it or not ) . 
  tbh i do n't really know where to stand on it . 
  i think it 's bad for society if too much money accumulates at the top ( tried to get through that pikkety book ) , though `` formueskatt '' seems to have some bad side effects . 
  the other aspect of it is that it meant to keep rich people from `` sitting on '' tons of money . 
  like you see a lot of billionaires that officially have very low incomes while they are in reality making tons of money . 
  so it 's not all negative . 
  it has lead to some of the richest people moving their money to cyprus , monaco etc. 
  i think it 's something like 0,8 % or something like that , so it is n't necessarily huge . 
  not really , it 's just in some situations it can be a bit problematic . 
  if your company is not doing very well and losing money and you own a lot of property and/or machinery for example it can hurt to pay this tax , since it does n't depend on income . 
  that said i think we have a pretty good business environment in norway , the tax system is predictable and there is very little corruption , so doing business is fairly easy compared to a lot of countries . 
  this type of taxation has been heavily debated in norway for years . 
  jesus , i assume you never went in the ocean again . 
  it 's also super easy to `` do your taxes '' in norway if you are just employed somewhere . 
  you basically just have to look at a document and if everything sort of checks out you press ok and you 're done for that year . 
  i think i read something about there actually being lobbyists in the us that fight to keep the tax system complicated and shitty just so the people who live off doing other peoples taxes can keep their living . 
  personally i am . 
  though i know some people that own businesses that are n't completely happy with getting taxed on the value of their assets rather than their income . 
  other than that i think most people are fairly content . 
  went to galveston for work once . 
  42c and 90 % humidity . 
  just walking around outside felt like a warm shower . 
  made me kind of appreciate our mild summers . 
  til that oslo is filled with young people . 
  makes sense when i think about it . 
  just find vast amounts of oil and a gigantic slice of the north sea and build a social democratic welfare state . 
  how hard can it be ? 
  lots and lots of small towns , whit big distances between them , even oslo is pretty small by international standards . 
  some find it boring , others find it calm and relaxing . 
  all depends on personality and what you 're used to i guess . 
  mmm . 
  i think i will try it actually . . 
  i do make bacalao sometimes , but it usually is something like [ this ] ( http://www.godfisk.no/oppskrifter/norge/bacalao ) . 
  probably an old re-interpretation of portugese food , as there was a lot of trade back in the day . 
  there is even a bacalao restaurant in town . 
  15 $ / kg for the cheapest stuff in norway . 
  $ 20 for ok quality and $ 30 for the real good stuff . 
  i 've had those a few times . 
  pretty delicious . 
  fresh fish is probably more popular in norway ( particularly salmon these days ) , even coming from a traditional dry fish exporting town , but you guys do some magic stuff to clipfish . 
   `` augurk '' in dutch is a pickled cucumber . 
  i think a pickled cucumber is sometimes called a `` gherkin '' in english as well . 
  in norwegian it would be sylteagurk ( lit . 
  `` pickle-cucumber '' ), 
  i also did this at 16 and there are n't really any dorms in norway . 
  i rented a room in someones basement and shared a kitchen and bath with a classmate . 
  it was just because it was in the countryside though . 
  people in the cities stay at home until they start university or get a job after high school . 
  i 'd call them south . 
  norways thing is that we were the most drinkingest and stabbiest country in europe back in the day . 
  then we had pietism and prohibition as a reaction to that and it still governs our alcohol policies to this day . 
  we just do n't trust ourselves with alcohol . 
  in relative terms they are n't * that * expensive , though they certainly were n't helping themselves economically . 
  alcoholics always buy the cheapest ones , i think it 's about $ 2 for 0.5 l these days . 
  and ofcourse there is homemade booze and smuggled beer etc to be found . 
  having worked in a grocery store i can tell you that a lot of alcoholics will come in and grab at least 6-12 beers * every single day * .
