  what if i told you i had 30 liters of christmas ale brewing right now ? 
  expect n vs np to be solved by the 3rd of january . 
  well , we 're bad at both , sort of catch up at university though , we still produce decent engineers . 
  of course some individuals will always stand out no matter what , but it is a fact that we are n't good enough at taking care of those who are just a level below that . 
  norwegian schools are based a lot on stuff like team work and creativity and problem solving . 
  theres very little `` cramming '' , and while math is a lot about problem solving you also need to learn tools and methods to solve those problems , and those are n't given to us at a young age . 
  it took me three years into my masters degree to really `` get '' what math was about . 
  a bit late that . 
  maybe we should have gone for the ballmer peak as well . 
  that works for math right ? 
  we 're always terrible at pisa test etc. 
  we have a small population and our school system is n't geared towards producing top top individuals . 
  but i do see we got an individual gold medal as late as 2008 . 
  young country though , maybe the school system , universities and jobs suffered a bit in the transition . 
  i 'm told its a very beautiful country . 
  beograd probably has better universities and jobs etc. 
  god damn it norway , did we even try ? 
  edit : niels henrik abel is rotating elliptically in his grave, 
  traditionally dark bread with cured meats , various fish and cheeses , in most cases brought from home and wrapped in paper . 
  more recently people have started eating warm lunches though , then it can be anything really . 
  it 's also a brilliant parody of some anti immigrant graffiti from the 90s . 
  bacon covered in sugar is delicious . 
  sometimes i stay until 12.15 , if theres cake . 
  as a norwegian i can relate to the two first , and maybe both at the same time . 
  middle easterners eat an insane amount of sugar . 
  every muthaflippin day . 
  my grandparents eat dinner at noon actually , they 're farmers . 
  i come from a family where we are both hunters and competition shooters , i 've also served in the army and fired guns for a long long time , . 
  even after breivik i have never ever thought it would be a good idea to have weapons for self defense , weapons are a tool for the few people who hunt , but its the most dangerous tool conceivable and should be strictly controlled . 
  most americans dont need guns , they just want them , its a cultural thing and the `` self defense '' - argument is just ridicolous in my opinion . 
  its true that they would likely be higher , but we do pay a lot of [ indirect taxes on goods and services ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_in_norway#allocation_of_tax_revenues ) , including ( some of ) the highest prices on gasoline and food in europe and a 25 % vat edit : and i 'm not complaining , i think our tax rate is reasonable . 
  could even be higher . 
  wow , that seems a lot higher than [ our taxes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:average_tax_rates_on_wage_income_in_norway_2010.jpg ) . 
  and some people are always complaining about those . 
  we do pay a lot of sales tax etc. 
  so maybe it evens out . 
  in general the whole of western norway ( [ vestlandet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vestlandet ) ) , consisting of rogaland , hordaland , sogn & fjordane and 2/3s of m\u00f8re & romsdal are heavily focused on maritime industries ( shipping , ship building , fishing , fish farming , and oil and gas ) . 
  in addition a lot of our abundant hydroelectric power is generated here . 
  traditionally some regions also produced a lot of goods ( furniture in particular ) , but it has steadily lost ground to cheap imports . 
  most of norways exported goods come from western norway . 
  i used the number in my head that was between 1 and 1,2 million  . 
  i see wikipedia has it down as 1,44 so i guess between 1/3 and 1/4 is technically correct ( the best kind of correct ) . 
  more like between 1/4 and 1/5, 
  a lot of our industry is spread out in smaller towns on the west coast , because of their access to hydroelectric power , fish and the north sea in general . 
  oslo is more or less an administrative city . 
  enough people value it to make it the current politic and vote against eu membership twice . 
  so i 'd say somewhere right above 50 % at least . 
  i personally think its important , but then again i 'm a country lad . 
  not directly , but its always implied . 
  what we pay for officially is to `` even out economic and social differences and improve the relationship between the receiving countries '' . 
  we parttake in the eus different beuraus and programs and are therefor required to contribute to their budgets . 
  economically our farming policies do n't make much sense , but if you consider food security and cultural facors , like not letting farmland `` grow over '' and keeping the country side populated it 's pretty important . 
  possibly , we 're not a big enough player to put any real pressure on the eu , so the uk could maybe get a better deal , who knows ? 
  my completely unqualified guess is that it could be marginally cheaper than today . 
  we still follow almost all the eu regulations , its mostly farming that diffrentiates us from a full member . 
  yes , gb would still need access to the european market and would likely have to pay similar sums anyway , but i suspect they would lose some power . 
  to elaborate this explains the `` culture of honor '' that exists in a lot of poorer countries . 
  because there is no state authority ( police , military etc. 
  ) , a family/individual needs to protect itself . 
  this discourages individualism because you need a large group to stay safe , and encourages aggression ( being leniant or weak means someone can exploit you ) . 
  this also used to be a norm here in scandinavia ( just read the viking sagas about bloody revenge ) but has lost it usefulness in modern society . 
  edit : thanks for the gold mate :d, 
  yes , i 'm just a bit annoyed at the tendency to project religion onto anything and everything . 
  i 'm not a religious man and if there is reason to criticise religion one should . 
  but it is n't the end all to explanation to anything positive or negative that happens in society . 
  religion is certainly an influence on any culture , but the opposite is also true . 
  how religion is interpreted is shaped by the social structure in which it exists . 
  in poorer countries religion and family usually have a stronger standing , probably because there are fewer strong state/social institutions one can lean on . 
  bad refereeing is probably not a sin either , so at least in this case religion is pretty irrelevant . 
  i 'm pretty sure beating an innocent man to death is a sin in any religion . 
  not really relevant . 
  having lived both in malm\u00f8 and really rural norway i 've been in more dangerous situations in the countryside . 
  knife fights , drunk driving and general crazyness all around . 
  do n't know , been years since i bought any . 
  decent steaks , but you normally only find it frozen, 
  used to be the cheapest meat . 
  the perfect compromise between comfort and heating for cool scandinavian summers . 
  i also wear them in the office , for classiness . 
  farmable and unused land is n't abundant . 
  so unless you find new land there will be less food in total . 
  its not necesarrily that its innefficient . 
  its rather that the oil business drives up salaries in general , so its difficult to get people to be farmers . 
  its also a rugged and cold land that makes it more difficult than in say , holland . 
  exporting cheap food is probably not a good way for poor countries to imporve . 
  just look at countries producing sugar , coffee and palm oil . 
  yes it means higher wages , but it also means higher food prices . 
  importing food from a poor country instead of producing it ourselves just means there will be less food in total and lower prices for us . 
  in our market yes , but we spend very little on food so it would n't mean anyone would be starving . 
  in total there will be more food on the market , at a lower price ( outside norway ) . 
  the downside is of course for farmers in other countries , who will have to sell their goods in other markets , so thats the counter argument here . 
  this is true . 
  we should omit the stuff we cant produce ourselves . 
  this only increases the price of food in norway , we are not exactly starving . 
  agriculture is a bit different . 
  not using perfectly decent farmland in a world were people are starving would be a bit strange in my opinion . 
  we need it , norway is cold and expensive . 
  without toll barriers our farmland would be laid barren . 
  my impression is that there is a fair bit of nepotism around . 
  difficult to root out . 
  [ ] yes , [ x ] norway , [ ] denmark,
