  well , yeah . 
  or borrow someones van i guess . 
  how often do you actually move big stuff around unless it 's your job ? 
  https://www.vdtuev.de/dok_view?oid=498660 most of the fords and chevrolets are in the red and orange . 
  ( along with the now scrapped renault laguna i was stupid enough to buy a few years back ), 
   can a camry move your furniture , bikes , and other random large objects that need moving ? 
  yes it can , since you can attach a trailer to it the few days of the year you actually need to move stuff . 
  american cars are usually at the bottom of used car fault statistics ( along with the french ) . 
  they have a well earned reputation for poor quality . 
  it 's a bit weird , because if you go back a few generations they were pretty much the pinnacle of desirable cars ( here in norway at least ) . 
  now they are pretty much gone , with the exception of some teslas and fords, 
  tbh unless the us itself where to attack us we would probably fine in terms of size and expenditure ( france + gb + germany spends 3x what russia spends ) . 
  organization on the other hand :-|, 
  i played football in shorts yesterday in norway . 
  europe turned on its head . 
  we 'll complain about anything tbh . 
  the system is very good if you compare it to other countries . 
  some people just lack perspective . 
  if it 's the same as in norway most of the `` breaking into homes '' - increase we 've seen are organized gangs from romania , poland , lithuania and algeria coming in for short time periods exclusively to steal . 
  i personally think low unemployment and a solid social safety net helps more , but the justice system is n't bad . 
  damn my sub-standard german language education . 
  so theft went up 1.8 % , violent crime 0.2 % up ? 
  that would probably mean the rate crimes / population was roughly the same then . 
  so 246 000 of the 248 000 new crimes are illegal entering and staying in the country ? 
  which is bad of course , but not necessarily something that hurts anyone in a direct way . 
  my german is n't super steady , but am i right in that violent and economical crimes ( theft etc ) were stable while the whole increase is actually in breaks of asylum law ? 
  if so that is fairly interesting . 
  are crime rates rising though ? 
  in norway they have been sinking since the late 80s, 
  travelling rumanian criminal gangs are actually a thing http://www.aftenposten.no/norge/andelen-rumenske-kriminelle-vokser-raskest-212105b.html lots of normal rumanians here to work as well of course , which are the people you meet . 
  the criminals usually come to the country just to go on raids of stealing and then go abroad agian to sell what has been stolen , they usually do n't live here , so you would n't meet them . 
  i 'm one of the lucky guys that had both one year of conscripted service and then got drafted into hv afterwards : /, 
  as someone that does this once a year involuntarily : 1 . 
  drink coffee 2 . 
  wait 3 . 
  wait some more 4 . 
  walk somewhere 5 . 
  wait 6 . 
  drink some more coffee 7 . 
  walk somewhere else 8 . 
  drive around a bit 9 . 
  wait again 10 . 
  clean your gun and go home, 
  either that or pulling air into your nose and feeling how fast your snot freezes . 
  my school was closed a couple of times when i was a kid because of avalanche danger . 
  they just moved us to a building further away from the mountains though : / we also had to sleep in tents in -43 c in the army . 
  coldest day of the winter in \u00c5lesund as well . 
  a whopping -2 c. 
  my toes got a bit cold at football practice . 
  the knights in particular had some seriously dissonant beliefs that encompassed both pietous `` christian love '' and honorable massacring of civilians . 
  not just `` infidels '' , but really anyone that were their enemy on the given day ( not that the former is any better ) . 
  at times the pope also encouraged them just so that the chrisitian countries would stop fighting each other ( and themselves ) for a little bit . 
  it did n't exactly work though . 
  the middle ages where pretty crazy violent times . 
  it 's the same in norway and breivik used legally acquired guns in his mass shooting . 
  in addition we were one of the most violent places in europe if you go back a few hundred years and sport shooting and hunting have been extremely popular hobbies fairly recently . 
  the gun culture is different from the us though . 
  for example i 've never heard of anyone owning a gun for the purpose of self defense . 
  it 's hunting rifles or shotguns and they 're usually only used as such . 
  tbh i think the problems in the us are a mixture of cultural and socio-economic . 
  the poverty in the us is always striking when i visit . 
  the bottom of society is lower than in most european countries . 
  i 'm sure the availability of guns is a factor , but i doubt it is the main one . 
  have there really been many main stream politicians that claim that refugees are an economic benefit ? 
  there have been some discussions about work immigration ( mostly from the eu ) , but that is something completely different . 
  i think mostly everyone is aware that taking refugees is a humanitarian project that costs us money . 
  then you could argue if the money could be better spent closer to the war torn areas ( which actually already house most of the refugees ) , but that again is a different discussion . 
  our statistical census bureau basically says that there is a general trend that the whole of society is becoming more secularized . 
  in addition only about 40 % of non-western immigrants attend regular religious gatherings ( compared to 16 % of western immigrants ) . 
  in addition all trends show that statistically immigrants become more similar to the native population for each generation . 
  number of children goes down , education goes up , income goes up , more women work etc. 
  ( and that is of course in itself a big problem ), 
  i really do n't know , but i doubt we will ever get to a point anywhere near that . 
  partially beacause you also have to consider that a lot of them will be secularized , especially over the course of generations . 
  it really is n't very worrying . 
  extremist terrorism from some very small sections is something you could worry about . 
  you could also worry about some of the economic aspects of high immigration / emigration . 
  however both of these things probably have more to do with external causes ( poverty and constant conflict and instability in the middle east ) actual islamization of a western country is a ridiculous thing to worry about , and belongs in the realm of conspiracy theories . 
  are the 2.5 % - 6 % muslims in germany really going to control the whole country somehow ? 
  seems incredibly far fetched . 
  even more far fetched that the extremists in this group could gain any form of significant power outside their own marginal group . 
  interestingly india and brazil are very high on depression statistics along with the us ( and the whole of the americas really ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epidemiology_of_depression, 
  interestingly brazil and india are near the top of depression statistics . 
  western norway is even warmer than oslo in winter . 
  here in \u00c5lesund for example the temperature does n't [ average below 0c any month of the year ] ( http://www.yr.no/place/norway/m%c3%b8re_og_romsdal/%c3%85lesund/%c3%85lesund/statistics.html ) , which is typical for all the coastal towns . 
  today the forecast goes up to 7c ( 44 f ) the downside is rain , wind , and cool summers . 
  my grandma used to get me small presents from all the `` house gnomes '' on their farm as well as from some of the animals . 
  typically i 'd get some wool socks from the sheep :d there is also a tradition of leaving porridge outside the barn for the barn gnome , to ensure he takes care of the animals and houses for another year . 
  these days julenissen has become closer to an americanized santa claus sadly . 
  it 's true for some countries , particularly western ones , but you also have to consider that it might be a lot harder to get those kinds of jobs in a lot of the worlds countries . 
  it 's not for nothing that we get a lot eastern european , indian , asian etc doctors and engineers . 
  i 'd rather have 0 and sun than 5 and rain tbh . 
  the constant cloud cover makes it darker as well . 
  the wind is currently 6 m/s ( 21 km/h ) , which is fairly normal , but we get a lot of winter storms from october to december . 
  to counterweight it : it 's currently 15:15 and it 's almost completely dark outside , it 's raining , the wind is blowing in from the north sea and it 's about 6-7 \u00b0 c , 
  yeah . 
  that said , if you have an above average pay profession , like engineer , doctor or stock broker or something its ** possible ** to be relatively `` richer '' in a few countries ( usa , switzerland , germany , england etc ) , but for the average income person and down it is probably the best country in the world in terms of life quality ( if we discount weather and darkness  ) . 
  not really , we have to take in a lot of eu laws that we have very little control over since we ca n't vote in the eu . 
  supposedly we are one of the `` best '' countries when it comes to conforming to eu regulations . 
  you can fly from oslo to spain for about half of what it would cost me to drive to oslo from my home town .
