   do you think america , the biggest producers of solar panels in the world , they are probably behind at least china and germany on that list . 
  that 's the one point i think he 'd do better on than hillary , but as with all populists it 's really hard to tell what their real policies will be . 
  ( and if they could even get support in his own party ) the political system in the us is certainly in need of some big reform . 
  that i think actually made some sense . 
  the eu * has * been a force for peace in europe , creating many common interests between european countries . 
  in fact that was one of it 's original intentions following two world wars . 
  i 've seen a lot of different numbers on it , but i intuitively doubt that it beats out coal and gass on a pure $ / watt scale , ( except for hydro ) . 
  though i could be very wrong or outdated there . 
  it certainly makes sense in a lot of other ways though , both enviromnental and as energy safety for the future . 
  even without turkey and the us nato would still have 60 % of it 's forces . 
  ( twice as many as russia and much more modern ) the problem it does have is that the leadership would be pretty splintered . 
  true , i sometimes forget that they have legalized corruption over there . 
  but this trump guy will definitely put an end to that corruption stuff , he 's so honest and always speaks his mind right ? 
  the nobel peace prize is supposed to be given to someone who actually worked for peace in the previous year . 
  the obama prize was just a grab for media attention that diminished the value and seriousness of the prize itself . 
  i do n't really think this will affect us a lot , he 's a populist and in the end not much will change , except him saying a lot of stupid stuff for the next four years . 
  feels like the americans have made a mistake though , just does n't seem like a good person to lead a country and it 's hard to see how he can fulfill any of the promises that got him elected . 
  `` bringing back jobs '' just is n't possible in todays world . 
  some of them are actually gone entirely because of automation , and the rest are in countries where workers are paid virtually nothing . 
  he might go back on some of the social policies that obama has made happen in the last eight years , but what good will that * actually * do to the average working american ? 
  probably more harm than anything . 
  europe has n't `` lost '' the uk . 
  the uk is still in europe , it might just not be in the eu . 
  nato without the us is in fact still the biggest military force on earth . 
   final note . 
  obama 's nobel peace prize looks much less stupid now . 
  nah , that still makes no sense . 
  hopefully green energy will make economic sense at some point in the near future . 
  those guys will then follow the money like they always do . 
  not a certain thing at all though . 
  bergen has drizzles * and * heavy rain . 
  pretty much all of western norway is like that and there are still 200 year old wooden houses standing my guess is its just a cultural thing . 
  i like how it is here on the coast of norway . 
  it rarely snows in town/by the sea , but there is a ton of snow inland and in the mountains so you can go skiing . 
  and as in most cities and towns around the world the lowest numbers always start closes to the city center and increase outwards . 
  think i 'm going to make a post to show that it is in fact * not * snowing in my town . 
  we doubled ours in euros while just increasing the share of the gdp by 15 % :o, 
  i just want your elections to be over . 
  feels like it 's gone on for years now . 
  some of our media is waaay too focused on it : https://www.nrk.no/emne/presidentvalget-i-usa-2016-1.11445158 http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/usas-presidentvalg-2016/ 4-5 stories a day at the least : /, 
  since most of us are in nato , us foreign and defence policy affects us a lot . 
  economically it 's the biggest single market as well , so the us election does matter ( even though i think it gets over-hyped by our media ), 
  yep , though unlike in sweden you can buy `` normal '' beer at grocery stores . 
  ( up to 4.7 % alcohol content ) there are also some exceptions where you can buy cider directly from farms . 
  same as vinmonopolet in norway , it 's actually hard to buy bad wine there . 
  great selection and quality . 
  ( and high prices ), 
  putin needs an enemy to make his propaganda convincing . 
  also they 're both supported by groups of nationalists . 
  all good choices ... ... for putin . 
  if you look at gdp adjusted for purchasing power it 's about 60 % of a typical western european country . 
  i read it as he meant the unemployment figures in poland are artificially low because of emigration . 
  which is likely what he meant . 
  `` race '' is a really fuzzy term that depends entirely on context and racism is n't exactly precise either . 
  ( when talking about humans at least ), 
  i had to move out when i was 16 just to go to high school which was 2.5 hours away by bus !, 
  proper universities are really only in four or five cities ( though you can get bachelors degrees in lots of places ) . 
  if you want a specific education ( and not just whatever is availble in your home town ) you have to move maybe 6-7 hours away . 
  some people in my university class were local ( maybe 10 % ) and they typically lived at home a year or two longer , but by 22 or 23 almost everyone had moved out . 
  in addition the system is set up economically so that moving is possible and the culture is pretty individualistic in a lot of ways , so people tend to want to live by them selves . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/europe/iceland/articles/game-of-thrones-iceland-tour-filming-locations/ there are other reasons of course , but got is certainly one of them . 
  some people are interested in history and others are not , some people are interested in fiction , others are not . 
  some people are even interested in both !, 
  it 's not really a big deal . 
  and while i agree that history is interesting and captivating it just is n't for everyone . 
  the main reason for this i think is that recorded history very rarely gives you any real insight into peoples thoughts and motivations . 
  it 's harder to connect emotionally to history in the same way as fictional characters since you get a more personal connection in fiction . 
  ( aside from historical fiction of course ), 
   this is just sad . 
  why would that make you sad ? 
  it 's just a piece of popular culture . 
  the lotr-effect . 
  i come from a tourist town in norway and we 've gotten quite a bit of frost-tourism as well . 
  game of thrones, 
  they usually do ? 
  the nearest police to my tiny home town are a good two hours away and in the winter they ca n't even get there at night because the ferries do n't run . 
  summer 's not hot ... when you 're in norway . . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.sunnmoringen.no/incoming/article12720119.ece/63j4so/alternates/w980-default/br%c3%b8ytebil.jpg ) one of the roads into my home town being cleared for snow for the summer . 
  once when i was a kid it snowed so much we had to use the 2nd story veranda to get out of the house . 
  mostly incredibly boring . 
  prison in theory, 
  mostly shooting and tactical , as well as some first aid stuff or whatever they think of . 
  also did 11 months when i was 19, 
  more or less , though technically they can call up everyone if they want to . 
  they used to up to the 90s ( ish ) . 
  even got some helicopter rides !, 
  though that usually meant being dropped out in the middle of nowhere and walking for eight hours with snow-shoes . 
  we did also walk a lot . 
  at least one and a half hours every day just getting back and forth from training . 
  i learned to freeze and wait at least . 
  it was ok , would n't do it completely by choice i guess , but at least i got to shoot rocket launchers and ride snowmobiles . 
  we also have national service . 
  source : have to go to exercises every year until i 'm 44 . 
  if its like norway ( these days ) everyone is required to come in for assessment and they chose the `` best '' and most willing candidates . 
  its more or less voulentary . 
  so it goes getting old . 
  though my brother made me 40 liters of home brew for my 30th , so that evened it out i guess . 
  pepper is both specifically plants in the piperaceae family and also used as a general term for some spices , though in norway we usually mean black pepper when we say `` pepper '' and `` chilipepper '' when we mean chilis . 
  also `` go where the pepper grows '' is an old norwegian cliche meaning basically `` fuck off '' . 
  and as / u/inflew said the word has now lost all meaning to me .
