  i have n't felt this relevant since the winter olympics . 
  tomorrow we will all have norwegian flags . 
  the fylke of island finally returns to the motherland . 
  norway was the last soviet state anyway . 
  you need a lot of power to refine aluminium , so cheap abundant power is a huge advantage . 
  the trick with hydro is having lots of rain , mountains and fjords . 
  you guys should get some fjords . 
  we would just stand on the borders looking slightly annoyed at eachother . 
  to answer the aluminum question it 's because we have lots of cheap hydro electricity, 
  maybe it could have ended in an three way secession war between sweden , finland and norway ? 
  that would make a great alternative history book , 
  same in norway ( from 1917 ) . 
  you for instance have \u00c5lesund , which used to be called aalesund . 
  the football team is still called aalesunds fk, 
  heh , see that * dark * green stuff in western norway ? 
  i do think this map is a bit off , we do n't get more than 1300 mm a year , while on this map its shown as  2000 mm . 
  our second biggest city , bergen is supposedly the wettest in europe with 2300 mm a year . 
  the small town of brekke gets about 3575 mm :o, 
  scandinavia : den , swe , nor nordic : den , swe , nor , fin , faroes , iceland, 
  but then there is us : http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/13/106713-050-42bafbde.gif if only britain had some mountains . 
   you ca n't keep building stuff to employ people . 
  well . 
  thats sort of what we do , and yes it is to some extent a short term solution , but having more energy is always a plus . 
  one of the problems with the job market is that that automation and computers has increased productivity while it has reduced the need for manual labor . 
  so those jobs are gone forever , except for in extremely low cost labour countries . 
  so in the ( well functioning ) economies of the west we need to use that labor ( taxing the rich ) for something else , health care , services , art whatever , or we need to work less . 
  not like now where some people work as much as we did before ( and have huge material gains ) and others are completely unemployed . 
  piigs countries have some very serious issues outside of this as well , the system has failed to a large degree that has little to do with education or the issue i mentioned here . 
  none of them probably , those countries have other much larger problems . 
  its still pointless to have people spend five years to get an education that will never land them a job . 
  if you wanted to get more people ( still nowhere close to the 50 % ) to work i would suggest engineering and technicians . 
  that at least would give them a solid chance of finding a job somewhere else . 
  if there is anything we could do with the unemployment it would be public projects that modernize and upgrade our energy structure and production , these will need technicians and engineers in the future . 
   after all , do we really want university to be just about job applicable skills ? 
  no , i see the value in academics and its important that universities keep this up both in humanities , art , and science . 
  understanding the world has a huge value for us a society even if it does n't necessarily lead to material gains . 
   i 'm not saying that we should stop educating pure academics , but maybe reducing the number of available places in these disciplines will lead to a lot of people choosing more sensibly . 
  to quote myself :p what i 'm saying is that too many young people get the opportunity to choose a path that will lead to overeducation and no job opportunities . 
  it does n't help them ( apart from in self-realization ) and it does n't help academics ( because only the best will reach the level where they will actually contribute ) . 
  a lot of people should be led to more practical education . 
  sure you could do it with career counseling , but it would be much easier to just adapt the number of accepted students more to the needs of society / the job market . 
  you could adapt the education system in such a way that education * will * lead to a job in most cases . 
  while we still have a solid job market here there is a big issue that i see emerging . 
  miseducation . 
  a lot of the universities have offered far too many spaces in educations that there just is n't very much demand for in the job market . 
  there just has n't been a real connection between what society needs and what education offers . 
  people get a b.sc . 
  in something that does n't lead to a job , so the logical next step is to get an m.sc . 
  in the same thing and maybe a few of those people end up getting jobs or phds . 
  however there are quite a few left with long educations that have very little relevance outside the academic context . 
  i 'm not saying that we should stop educating pure academics , but maybe reducing the number of available places in these disciplines will lead to a lot of people choosing more sensibly . 
  that would fix part of the problem , but of course the job market is shit in a lot of countries so there will be unemployment , and automation + cheap asian labour has taken away all the `` easy '' manufactoring jobs . 
  why ? 
  that seems pretty absurd . 
  i do n't know anything about finnish politics , but i thought the `` true finns '' were nationalist , how does this make sense ? 
  ( honest question if someone has an answer ), 
  swedes are invading norway and you wo n't find a cafe or clothes store without swedes working in it nowadays . 
  i 've heard the joke about surrendering and profiting from a few swedes as well , 
  swedes are already doing the same to norway , only very slowly and only caf\u00e9s for some reason . 
  one of norways richest men ( worth about $ 2bn ) spent a month in jail for bribing his way to a boat license . 
  http://www.virginia.edu/woodson/courses/aas102%20 ( spring % 2001 ) / articles/aapa _ race.pdf modern science does n't use race to distinguish between people , its far too loose a definition to have any meaning . 
  the nordic countries combined spend about 3 % of what the usa spends on military ( with 10 % of the population ) . 
  we could maybe help , if it was a winter war , fought on skis ( except for denmark ) . 
  [ nevar forgive nevar forget ] ( http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/tytteb\u00e6rkrigen ), 
  gib back \u00d8sttr\u00f8ndelag !, 
  probably , but would the eu ever present that kind of ultimatum ? 
  not sure , at least not as long as we are providing oil and gas . 
  in practice we are more or less a member anyway , it works pretty well and there is n't much reason to change it , keeping our tiny food market out of the eu has very little consequence for european farmers and pretty big consequences for norway . 
  the retoric against it in both the 70s and the 90s was that it would be catastrophic for norwegian ( and icelandic ) fishing and farming , and in addition to that there is a strong tradition for decentralization in both countries . 
  i just do n't see a scenario where we will hand over the reigns of our natural resources to brussels anytime soon ( oil or no oil ) . 
  yes , there are several private companies that offer it , particularly norway bussekspress . 
  very common to use particularly for students , it helps that our rail service is shit . 
  can be pretty cheap . 
  it does and it does n't . 
  authoritarian rule is pretty ingrained in russian culture , and they 've never really been without it . 
  i was n't saying that the mongolians are the direct cause of todays authoritarian state in russia , they certainly influenced the culture of the ruling class in russia ( in a pretty brutal direction ) . 
  however that was just an illustration of what the `` problem '' with russia is . 
  a lot of people believe in the idea that russia needs a strong man and an iron fist , and its nothing new , its ingrained in the thinking of russians , they do n't necessarily want democracy and diplomacy . 
  norway produces enough gas to cover 25 % of the eu consumption . 
  oil and gas are pretty related . 
  it was my bad for mentioning the mongols ( though one should n't underestimate their influence on russian history and mentality ) . 
  my general point was that russia has a long history of particularly brutal authocracy with very little respect for the rule of law . 
  most of europe liberalized in the 1800s , but russia really did n't it just kept up its authocracy . 
  its no coinicidence that there was a socialist revolution in russia . 
  the idea that russia has to be ruled with an iron fist ( because of its size and multi cultural people ) has always been strong in russia and continues to this day . 
  i 'd say that there is something deeper than that in russian culture , but of course it helps . 
  i think a lot of people in russia are pleased that russia is acting like an empire and asserting itself on its `` lesser '' neighbours . 
  yes , but russia has never turned away from it , and they have been extremely authoritarian , violent and brutal . 
  their leaders did not compromise , but rather always tried to crush the opposition at every chance . 
  my main point is that the idea that russia `` needs '' a strong man is still very much alive in russia , and putin is playing into it . 
  historically russia has always had a `` strong man '' or `` strong men '' in charge . 
  the current russia may be capitalist and `` democratic '' , but in reality its just continuing a 800 year tradition that started with the mongol khans , of absolute autocratic rule . 
  i do n't think putins rise to power is some sort of classic dictator power grab , but rather just a return to normal after the tumult of the 90s . 
  while quite a few russians oppose it there is a very large group that thinks russia needs to be governed with an `` iron fist '' . 
  in reality russia was only democratic for a very short period after the october revolution . 
  just like crime . 
  crime can go down ( and it has ) , but the media reports more on crime so people think things used to be better . 
  people tend to exaggerate the few negatives and undervalue the many positives i think . 
  of course there are some cases where the justice system fails in scandinavia as well , but overall it functions very well . 
  its the same with health care , mistakes by doctors and hospitals get blown up in the media ( and perhaps they should be ) .
