  also bush was terribly conservative compared to european politics , and a lot of europeans would be left scratching their heads if a mormon was elected president . 
  my impression is that the american election is based very much on personality . 
  they elect a leader or person instead of politics . 
  it also seems to me that the two parties are very close to each other politically compared to in europe . 
  mmm , theres been some organized crime here done by romanians , gets a lot of attention in the media . 
  since we do n't have much contact with romania in general this is kind of the image that has stuck . 
  people are terrible at generalizing , sound familiar ? 
  both , although people do n't necessarily know the difference . 
  romanians are the hated group `` du jour '' in norway actually , with very negative stereotypes . 
  people will always find someone to hate i guess . 
  i think they 're probably just stereotyping . 
  i 've read something to the end that jews where the only ones that were allowed to deal with loans as it was considered sinful to christians . 
  like shakespears shylock in the merchant of venice . 
  yep , there are still anti-semites in norway even though there are only something like 800 jews here . 
  its just some conspiracy theory that people use to explain all the bad things in the world . 
  people still buy a lot of alcohol here despite it being taxed very high . 
  possibly not . 
  but you have to remember that people working there also have families and friends and its hard to find anyone but students to work until that late in the evening . 
  being open late often does n't really bring more customers , people tend to get there before closing time anyway . 
  funny then that all the anti-semites in europe are either islamists or right wing nutjobs . 
  the left tend to sympathize with palestine though , but i get the impression that the sympathy is mostly with civilians and not with hezbollah and the likes . 
  depends on how big your store is . 
  one big problem is that there is a lot of `` flow through '' of personel in the service industry , people do n't stay long in the job . 
  so you are always training new people , it just ends up with lots and lots of work . 
  this can work out if you have a huge shopping center store , but if you have a small specialist store you ca n't really hire a manager , so you end up working all the time yourself . 
  we pay quite a bit already as far as i know . 
  sort of a `` members fee '' for the eea . 
  edit : apparantly net out is 3,4 billion nok , or $ 500 million . 
  my family runs a grocery shop and it can be a real toll on people , in smaller stores one person would basically have to work from 08.00 to 21.00 every day . 
  lots of stores here are open from 10.00 to 20.00 though , which is fine . 
  for bigger stuff i just take some hours off from work . 
  i 'm no expert , but fishing rights was a big deal as well as farming . 
  our farming ca n't compete with more southern countries , and if we join the eu completely we will have to remove our tax barriers on foreign food , it would probably destroy norwegian farming . 
  other than that we are more or less a full member as it is , some claim that we are the most dilligent country in europe when it comes to implementing eu laws and regulations . 
  norway has voted no twice , and given the current economic situation we are unlikely to join in the overseeable future . 
  anyway , we are as good as a member through the eea ( e\u00d8s ) , and follow almost all of the rules . 
  the balkans and turkey should join to secure stability for the future . 
  having been to a couple of nato exercises i do n't think the army would be much of a problem . 
  how to decide what to do with it on the other hand ... 
  liberalism has meant a [ great deal of different things throughout history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism#major_themes ) ( and you have to separate economic liberalism from social liberalism ) , but generally its been about equality and individual freedom . 
  seeing as we 've mostly `` gone forward '' when it comes to human rights throughout history , it would make conservatism less humanistic by definition . 
  however conservative politics can also mean a great many different things . 
  its very easy to generalize , especially when it comes to people different than one self . 
  the main problem i have with the `` anti-muslim '' rethoric that is so prevalent both here and in certain media is that it usually blames the whole of islam/immigrants/brown people for the actions and thoughts of small groups of extremists . 
  i 'm not a religious person , but i certainly dont think being a muslim or christian stops anyone from taking part in a modern liberal democratic society . 
  technically yes , but in an extended sense self expression values and democracy are so highly correlated that it also has a wider meaning . 
  maybe i should have said liberal democracy . 
  edit : anyway , i said `` democratic values '' , not democracy , which i think makes it pretty clear that i 'm not just talking about majority rule . 
  yes , i was only correcting his fairly ridiculous `` civilized '' and `` western '' comment . 
  i agree that both iran and china and even russia are far worse than turkey . 
  no democracy is perfect , and certainly not turkey , but its still democratic . 
  i believe you 're looking for `` democratic values '' . 
  what facts you choose to pick out can certainly be biased . 
  by confirmation bias for instance . 
  of course theres friction , and there should be . 
  firing someone should n't be a trivial thing . 
  i have n't really seen anyone who deserved to be fired either , people usually do their job well enough . 
  the few i 've seen have been found out relatively quickly and fired/quit very early . 
  as long as someone does an ok job firing that person and losing the experience is probably a very bad idea . 
  when people get laid off its more likely that the whole company is doing bad . 
  i know people who have been laid off in mass lay-offs in factories , but that has very little to do with individual competence . 
  how many people do you know who are truly incompetent ? 
  yes , its all relative figures , not absolute . 
  handled by the state as far as i know , although i 've never seen anyone fired outside the trial period really . 
  the thing is , i just ca n't imagine some boss sitting down and thinking : i could hire this guy , but it is n't easy enough to fire him . 
  people get hired when a company does well and expands , and people get fired when the company does poorly or if they are really , really incompetent or do something illegal . 
  it would just be two different mind sets and processes . 
  well , i would suspect that the highest cost would be to replace my experience , it would probably take 5-6 months to train someone to the same level , if not more . 
  this is unavoidable whatever the legeslation is . 
  other than that they would have to keep me on for two months unless i did something ridiculously bad . 
  after that i would go on unemployment benefits payed by the state . 
  i 've seen short time workers fired ( 4 to 6 months ) , and it really is n't a big deal . 
  people who work longer rarely give much of a reason to get fired , and they become harder to replace anyway because of their experience . 
  so yes , replacing someone is very expensive , but not really because of legislation . 
  edit : and if this is the only piece of legislation stopping jobs from being created in europe it would be pretty easy to fix it . 
  i see a lot of people claiming this , but i 've yet to see any real evidence of it . 
  in my country there is usually a trial period anyway that weeds out poor employees . 
  i 've actually read a masters thesis ( or doctorate ) about that ( god i have strange interests ) . 
  i think it was in norwegian though . 
  however there are a lot more who actually live in norway than `` drive over '' for work . 
  sweden are our biggest trade partner , and there are quite a few swedish companies in norway . 
  immigration of people who are already educated and will most likely leave before retirement/illness or unemployment is probably very good for the norwegian economy . 
  all in all the job market in scandinavia has historically been very fluid , and people move across borders to find work in whatever country that is doing the best at the time . 
  taxation in norway is higher i think , but swedish short time / seasonal workers pay less because its asumed that they wont use social benefits or health care as much . 
  the people immigrating from sweden have mostly been unskilled young workers in the service industry , but in later years the trend is that more and more educated professionals move . 
  source : i also have a swedish gf . 
  also , its so easy to move between sweden and norway that the only diffrence between a swedish citizen in norway and a norwegian is that they ca n't vote without changing citizenship . 
  who is digging ditches ? 
  state founding new industries , either directly , or through venture capital has been very sucessfull . 
  particularly in the us . 
  why is that funny . 
  people want jobs and safety more than they want the opportunity to get filthy rich . 
  and there is still quite a bit of innovation in countries that have a strong safety net . 
  the payout for for instance starting your own company is lower , but the risk is also lower , so you are sure you wont end up on the street . 
  deregulation of the loan market has to take a large part of the blame for the current financial crisis . 
  the countries with the strictest bank regulations are the ones that have done best after the crash . 
  regulation is like infrastructure , it has to be in place if the free market is to function properly . 
  what restrictions are currently stopping jobs from being created ? 
  get an education that gives you a profession ( engineer , nurse , teacher etc ) and you 're still pretty safe in scandinavia . 
  i actually think sweden is worse off than the data imply , because there are something like 60.000 young swedes working in norway .
