  a well functioning society has a better economy than a broken one . 
  the word has just become some racist code word meaning something completely different . 
  its also pretty meaningless as all countries have a great deal of variance within `` their '' culture . 
  people are different , and such a thing as a monoculture does n't really exist . 
  at least not in an area as large as a country . 
  its counter productive to keep discussing it in this way . 
  people have always and will always migrate to `` greener pastures '' to some extent , we need to discuss how we can handle people coming in and make them productive good citizens . 
  all statistical material in norway points to immigrant groups becoming more and more like average norwegians the longer they stay . 
  second and third generation immigrants to norway have the same number of children , have the same moving patterns , vote similarly to everyone else , work similarly and actually take more education than average norwegians . 
  yeah , its not like all these people moved to europe because they were n't happy with they way things are in their countries of origin ... no no no , definitely some kind of conspiracy . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
   for instance ; the cost to build have doubled since 93 in norway , while the cost to buy have increased by almost fivefold in the same period . 
  prices in general have increased barely 50 % in that time by comparison . 
  our population has increased by 25 % while simultaniously getting richer and there has n't been enough new houses built + we 've had massive urbanization . 
  mostly people have just gotten that much richer . 
  the taxidermist had never seen a lion :d, 
  almost as good as the [ swedish lion ] ( http://static02.mediaite.com/geekosystem/uploads/2011/04/doofy-lion.jpg ) national treasures both of them . 
  coffee for breakfast , coffee for lunch , coffee after dinner , coffee with dessert , coffee in the evening ( she switched to decaf a few years back ) . 
  fika is brilliant , i 've been converted by my swedish gf . 
  we sort of do it in norway as well , but then its mostly older people . 
  / r/nordiccountries exists at least . 
  we do n't really have the same thing in norway , we just drink copious amounts of coffee both at work and at home . 
  my grandmother will make herself a liter in the morning and a liter in the evening . 
  however , there are so many swedes in norway now that i 'm sure its going to find its way into our culture . 
  my deep academic studies ( 5 minutes on wikipedia ) tell me that perculator and espresso are about equal while french press is slightly less . 
  darker roasts have less caffeine . 
  its kg/person so it would probably look exactly the same , i do n't think the different methods produce more caffeine per bean , only more or less caffeine per liter . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  is it worth a read ? 
  i enjoyed guns , germs and steel . 
  judging from our recent footballing history christianity certainly is n't doing us any favors . 
  maybe if we started making offerings of goats and cattle to the great odin we might qualify for brazil . 
  norway : probably extremely biased to my taste but : knut hamsun -- hunger , growth of the soil henrik ibsen -- vildanden , a dolls house johan borgen -- lillelord aksel sandemose -- horns for our adornment etc. 
  there are probably a lot i 've missed . 
  and the balkans , and european turkey . 
  and historically spain as well . 
  and our native religion is norse \u00c5setro , so it does n't really mean much . 
  i dont see any reason to restrict religious practice outside of what is already forbidden by law . 
  as long as people adhere to laws they can practice any kind of weird stuff they want in their free time . 
  funny enough , i 've hardly been there in winter myself  you should come see the fjords , i recommend september . 
  spain ( san sebastian ) for me . 
  beautiful and great food . 
  well , thats the case in every country i guess , i 'm supposed to speak german as well  . 
  i think we will likely see an influx of greeks up here in scandinavia , good for us , a bit sad for greece , but better than having a lot of unemployed people maybe . 
  i 've been told by norwegian newspapers that language is a big stumbling block , though it might just be for spain . 
  do greeks usually speak english fluently ? 
  nope , masters courses are done in english if there are english speaking students . 
  litterature is mostly in english . 
  bachelor degrees are mostly done in norwegian , though i think there are some exceptions . 
  edit : [ there are very few excpetions apparantly ] ( http://www.studyinnorway.no/what-can-i-study/undergraduate-studies ), 
  in norway its free , americans are mostly well liked and a lot of education is offered in english . 
  however cost of living is very high compared to the us unless you get a job on the side . 
  also you have to have a certain cash sum available to prove that you can cope with life in norway economically . 
  a lot of the hits in norway seem to relate to obscure photographers . 
  i have absolutely no explanation as to why . 
  i think a lot of the numbers are weird , the norwegian ones dont make any sort of sense . 
  just tiny random articles , could be some bot somewhere messing them up , either that or the method this guy uses is totally off . 
  what ? 
  who ? 
  edit : people named schr\u00f8der must really like reading about themselves, 
  norwegian is supposed to be the simplest language to learn for a native english speaker . 
  must be even easier for a scot . 
  to be fair , salaries are a lot higher . 
  that 's about 30 mins of work for me , maybe an hour for a summer job for a student, 
  a true measure of living standards . 
  you forgot to mention that alcohol is involved 99 % of the time . 
  no matter how you meet . 
  sorry for pillaging all your attractive women . 
  jesus saves , di natale scores on the rebound . 
  we call swedes `` s\u00f8ta bror '' ( sweet brother ? ), 
  or svenskefaen depending on our mood . 
  i dont know if we have a name for danes . 
  i for one am pleased to see an education metric were we are n't the worst of the nordic countries . 
  surprised that we publish more than finland . 
  switzerland is really impressive , however i suspect its bolstered a lot by cern, 
  the norm in norway is to not approach and talk to strangers in most settings . 
  if you want to make friends you need a proper context , preferably some organized activity like sports , music , theater , school , work etc. 
  outside of that people mostly ignore each other . 
  so if you for instance move to a new town and lose your friends from school you will struggle unless you for instance join a sport club . 
  edit : someone posted a good video on this in / r/norway , but now i cant find it :(, 
  true , a bit archaic in english though . 
  two of my favourite things . . 
  oh shit , but we still have more internet coverage . 
  best : social safety , good efficient work days , people trusting each other , nature and shit . 
  worst : dark and rainy , it can be hard to make new friends, 
  what is this substance you speak of , is it similar to whale lard ? 
  santa : julenissen ( jul = christmas , [ nisse = housespirit or something like that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomte ) ) food : 56 % eat pork , 31 % lamb ( [ pinnekj\u00f8t ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinnekj\u00f8tt ) ) i personally enjoy that the name for santa claus is composed of two pre-christian concepts/words , although the figure is based on st. nicholas . 
  ~ ~ but worse than norway , how does it feel to live in a 3rd world country ? ~ ~ edit : i 'm sorry my slow isdn connection only loaded the left half of the table . 
  edit : who are the 7 % of households that have non-broadband internet ? 
  i did n't know you could even get that these days . 
  if you have enough power you can do almost anything , such as for instance extract artifical fertilizer straight out of the air , recycle any material or build massive irrigation systems ( anything really ) . 
  plus we have to build for a future where our transport infrastructure , heating , lighting and cooking is n't based on fossile fuels . 
  building solar power in spain seems obvious , and i would guess that there are places in portugal that would be prime territory for wind power . 
  some of it certainly , though most of the value added for us would be infrastructure . 
  if the workers were previously unemployed it would of course be a gain for their home country . 
  in addition the solution would require that the contractors , engineering etc and not just the workers were from other countries , that way the profits could fall to other countries and we would avoid inflation . 
  a lot of seasonal foreign workers in norway save up a lot of money that they take home as it is , i dont think it would be much of an issue . 
  we seriously need some better railroads and electric transfer systems in norway , i sort of think it would be a great time to do this as it could provide a lot of work to southern european workers . 
  in addition one could of course put a lot of resources into building renewable power infrastructure in southern europe , could be a great way of building for the future . 
  norway : [ lofoten ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lofoten ) [ geirangerfjorden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geiranger ) [ bergen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bergen ) [ vigelandsparken ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vigeland_sculpture_park#vigeland_sculpture_arrangement ) munch museum,
