  where do you think all those refugees came from . 
  emotionally lashing out does n't change anything . 
  the living should make the decisions , it 's the same thing with americans constantly examining what their `` founding fathers '' wanted for their country , smart guys but they 're dead , they do n't get a say . 
  so what , he 's dead . 
  it does n't matter what he thought either way . 
  referring back to what some old dead guys wanted for the world as an argument is silly . 
  they do n't get a say , the world belongs to the living . 
  because he does n't kiss your feet, 
  theres no need , they 're doing far more to themselves, 
  you know the phonetic alphabet , alpha , bravo , charlie etc. 
  they obviously exist because shouting bee or cee over a battlefield would lead to problems . 
  the german numbers sound very very similar to my ear , is there anything like the phonetic alphabet for numbers in german ? 
  i do n't think you understand me , i 'm saying they 'll shift most of their operations over to other countries while leaving a foot in britain . 
  they 'll start making contingencies now and shift the work/people over to the eu as needed . 
  i 'm just saying there will be some form of presence there even if it 's just a few guys in a small office . 
  do n't be catholic anyway , that 's not allowed . 
  tony blare had to wait until he was out of office to reviel he converted . 
  i 'm not even for religion but that seems archaic . 
  i think they 're forming a border agency, 
  i 'm all for a fair deal but the frustrating think is even if we gave them an amazing deal they 'd be complaining that we 're `` punishing '' them by not giving them back massages . 
  their expectations are off the charts . 
  i did n't get a vote and i 'm an eu citizen . 
  how is 500million people bending over for 30million democratic . 
  the uk public can vote to leave but the idea that the rest of the eu trying to get a good deal being democratic is not only wrong it 's using underhanded sneaky fox news propaganda sneaky spin tactics . 
  our mep 's are democratically elected to represent us , not north england . 
  i do n't with the english public any ill will but the idea you 're pushing is retarded . 
  the eu is n't punishing them , they 're punishing themselves . 
  too far , man , too far . 
  the only thing is the people ten years from now that will still blame the eu for punishing them by not giving them a ridiculously one sided deal, 
  newest ? 
   germany 's `` energie wende '' is fucking expensive no it 's not . 
  power is really cheap even at it 's most expensive . 
  we 're just spoiled . 
  you 're being a bit dramatic . 
  even at it 's most expensive electricity is really cheap . 
  i 'm more than happy to pay $ 0.05 per unit . 
  in fact i 'd love if they charged a bit more and put the money into a long term smart-grid project . 
  both things can be true . 
  we 're headed to about 10 years of transition where all sorts of things can happen . 
  that 's it , we were n't hit as badly in the first place and had a lot of assets that did n't evaporate during the recession , we have the highest proportion of graduates in europe and reasonably well developed infrastructure . 
  also there we 're obviously secondary effects but we had an over developed construction sector that contracted rapidly but industries like it and bio-met were kind of ok . 
  so you want free movement with the eu ? 
  but britain does n't seem to want free movement with the eu . 
  but britain does n't seem to want free movement with the eu . 
  they 're going to transition to a coal and nostalgia based economy . 
  why would they leave . 
  there 's no reason to not have some form of presence it 's more about how much . 
  they wo n't expand and if business shifts to their branches in other countries so will their staffing levels . 
  pass a bill banning meat pies, 
  ah , she 's just a member of project fear . 
  and yet , somehow also willing and eager to do a deal with the uk right now . 
  you 'll think that would be a contradiction but . . shut up , bloody elites . 
  did you see farage partying with murdock after brexit . 
  i 'd agree if it was only coming from one source . 
  but if you real something in the paper and then you read two different papers and they say the same thing it 's going to feel like reality, 
  what is gun ? 
  its amazing that you expect the whole world to just serve you . 
  i think the punishment thing is overblown . 
  the definition of the single market includes free movement . 
  if they do n't want that they do n't want the single market , they want a trade deal . 
  britain is punishing itself , no one else needs to help , they 've shot themselves in both feet and the balls . 
  you 're just one of those so called experts that work for operation fear . 
  i think its clear that what has to happen is the british public need to learn how stupid their demands are . 
  you cant have a single market and not want the single market , you ca n't benefit from globalisation and not be part of it , you ca n't direct the eu and not partisipate and you ca n't expect the nature of reality or economics to change because people voted for a nostalgic fantasy of when everyone was happy working in a coal mine . 
  all the plans ( if you can call them that ) are basically try to get an eu style deal , they want to get as close as possible to the eu because even the leavers know they need it . 
  basically they need to cut the bullshit , learn the reality and if the want to become isolationist and all that entails , well then fair enough but acting like you deserve all the benefits of a global economy or a european union or a single market is stupid and childish no matter how many people voted for it . 
  we should let sealand into the eu, 
  i think that 's true but i also think living in societies like we do is not just a privilege but it also has responsibilities as citizens . 
  i do n't think you can choose to make yourself a second class citizen in public or not have a face . 
  the long game, 
  the speak english , american , canadian and australian . 
  have you ever seen westminster on tv . 
  if i have two aches of land how much land do i have , or a gallon of something how much to i have ? 
  or a pint . 
  they vary from country to country and the only reason a lot of the measures are kind of standardised is because dutch and french pounds for example are no longer used . 
  the point of these measures is for communication otherwise i could just make up my own measures like `` my dogs tail '' but no one will know how much that is . 
  when you have to look up what gallon is being used in order to have a conversation the measure is not as good as a litre . 
  there is a reason most of the word switched to one system . 
  just chill . 
  you have no nazis to fight , we 're all fairly nice over here . 
  just chill a bit and things will be cool and you can make boatloads of money . 
  he 'll let the shut hit the fan and get on someone else . 
  then when the dust has settled he 'll come back and say if he was in charge it would never have happened . 
  that the eu punished the uk ( no matter the deal or how much is self inflicted ) and say if he was in charge he would have been ( vaguely ) tougher on the eu and they need to elect him to some position so he can fight back at the eu or leave the eea or something like that . 
  but he put his towel on it, 
  do n't dump it in the irish sea , we hate that . 
  the ira , no not that ira . 
  or the other one . 
  we have too many ira 's . 
  and an irb actually . 
  i like it . 
  and i do n't like the gerkin or the walky-talky . 
  a lot of the new buildings like this are kind of gimmicky . 
  dublineese eeyaz eh vahray dih-fuckoolth lahnooadge to luh-ooran . 
  they 'll need to learn english to be more attractive . 
  for 10 % you can rent my box room . 
  exactly we do n't care about schengen since you need a passport to get on a flight anyway , we 're not against it , it just does n't matter too much but the cta matters a lot . 
  there is effectively no border between the north and the republic . 
  the north needs the trade with the south and the brother regions of the republic are effectively pretty far from the urban centres in the republic and depend on trade from the north . 
  so it 's a no brained but nothing against schengen .
