  it 's very simple . 
  i just want a united front . 
  i like the idea of a pan eu border agency that 's funded by the whole eu and manages things like refugees , its not fair to let border countries take the whole burden . 
  well it is . 
  you can protest anything you want . 
  could be because ni is n't currently disputed by either the uk or roi governments . 
  yeah when i was doing civics it was just how pr/stv voting works over and over again . 
  what are they supposed to do , they have their own news channel . 
  its not like they can slap the daily mail out of peoples hands and shake them . 
  it 's a branch of people that includes finns and estonians . 
  germanic , celtic are other groups , although they are often applied to people it 's easier to keep track of languages . 
  germanic languages are almost everything above the rhine , the romans names it , it 's not necessary germany but the scandinavian languages , geman , dutch and english are all linked by a common root . 
  while linguistically speaking , finish is a crazy space language that just landed on earth one day . 
  everything from ireland to india is part of the indo-european language family , everything from what used to be the end of the world to the himalayas is all connect . 
  except finish , estonian and hungarian . 
  you 're not subhuman , you 're aliens . 
  i know you 're not scandinavian . 
  finish girl i pissed off by calling you swedish , i hope you 're out there and forgive me !, 
  there seems to be a lot going on . 
  i would have thought the whole of the eu would be spending the week just understanding brexit . 
  set up in a ghost estate we 'll give them all passports , they wo n't even know they moved . 
  we 'll paint the number pates yellow and everything . 
  we 're taking bio-med , ie the girl scientists . 
  you can have the physicists . 
  even though you talk like someone off xbox live you 're dead right . 
  russia does international relations like some cross between a twelve year old bully and a chess player . 
  finland would be better off not dealing with them at all , anything trade is a liability that can disappear at an moment . 
  seriously , the last time you pissed them off they literally ate you . 
  they do n't call them fin ( n ) ish for nothing . 
  i really wish they 'd finish that motorway to galway . 
  if they did there might be a kind of urban corridor on the west coast . 
  two cities an hour a way with an shannon and ennis in the middle . 
  together they could draw more business in . 
  i know a guy . 
  the hat means their getting the death penalty right ? 
  get your irish passports here . 
  i 've never had a good time in dublin but there is a steriotype about irish people from outside dublin not liking it so i just thaught it was that . 
  cork would be better , less crowded city , nice to like in but its more of an it hub than a financial one . 
  was working in a mine really that mich better than the dole ? 
  i think it has been romantisised a bit . 
  seconded !, 
  i want to see them turn red when they find out . 
  if we had our shit together but dublin has a housing shortage and some weird unwillingness to build up . 
  not soon enough, 
  us vs them the whole way down until you 're left standing alone , them in europe , fuck em , them in london , fuck em , them foreiners living here , fuck em , them non whites , the other religion , the other side of town . 
  when you see everone as the enimy this is where you end up . 
  ditto here, 
  unless trump gets in . 
  you just did it, 
  well he 's not a sociopath and never raped his wife but other than that , kinda . 
  i 'm not that knowledgeable on uk politics but gove seems to be a powerful guy to the conservatives and i think holds a lot of power but he vowed never to become pm . 
  the narrative the conservatives are pushing is boris wanted to run but gove told him not to and ran himself . 
  that 's supposed to the the stab in the back . 
  thats their narrative though . 
  i do n't think boris wanted it and knew he was fucked . 
  the party was is damage control mode , gove was informally running things anyway in the meetings so he stepped up and said fuck it fine i 'll do it . 
  he was the biggest mainstream bexiter . 
  others were either more fringe or more sheepish . 
  hillary is the same type of scummy politician you 're been dealing with for years . 
  trump is a whole other scale . 
  anyone that protest votes for him is a fucking idiot . 
  he 'll start wars to profit from them , he 'll embezzle , he 'll support dictatorships where they pay him , he 'll stir up racism as a distraction . 
  at least you might be able to recover from hillary . 
  trump is a whole other scale . 
  like the middle east after bush went, 
  trump is not an oaf , hes a fucking sociopath that will say or do anything moment to moment to get what he wants . 
  and he is the establishment as much as any if the rest of them , he 'll be looking to do chaney style deals the second he gets into office . 
  that does n't contradict what he said . 
  a constitution at its most basic gives laws power , sets out the structor of government and the judiciary and how voting works . 
  that in britain is n't in a written constitution but tradition and convention . 
  ironically one of the better things the british did in ireland was give us our voting system , although it was a failed attempt at gerrymandering pr/stv is a good system . 
  because they 're sick of experts, 
  the only logical answer is irish . 
  i agree . 
  i think the problem there was the pipline of information from what to eu does to the british voters . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't valid points what i 'm saying is no matter what the eu did that information would never have reached them . 
  the propaganda from murdocks papers and farage would have been all they heard . 
  i bet most had no idea about the deal cameron got near the end . 
  the four estate is broken and democracy does n't work without it . 
  at least they let him out of that weird stable door, 
  the eu and the eurozone are different, 
  we 've slur news for ye . 
  since the brits are leavin irish english is new eu version of english . 
  so ye better get learnin . 
  also whiskey is now spelt with an e. 
  i think you have that backwards , if anything the fact the uk needs goods is the leverage . 
  the financial sector is a segment the uk needs to find a market for . 
  they did agree, 
  they had the best deal possible . 
  i think the `` punishment '' thing is overblown the uk is wrecking itself with childish bullshit . 
  the eu is n't playing hardball because because they 're not playing anything . 
  negotiations have n't started yet because the uk ca n't get it 's shit together and they 're fucked us all for a failed political manoeuvre . 
  if you like hockey you 'll like hurling . 
  it 's like field ice hockey . 
  seriously !, 
  i 've never heard anyone say anything bad about the good friday agreement . 
  when i 'm trunk in tallinn at least i stumble passed the docks . 
  i have n't been taking notice but i think so . 
  i thought it was like that everywhere outside the us . 
  people would loosely say the french race for example although , this is the first i 'm hearing of people being immune from criticisms of racism if you 're the same colour .
