  even if he is some super manager his education , his skill is n't what makes him a cunt . 
  he 'd be a cunt in any walk of life . 
  and movie production was taking off in ni . 
  i think you 're talking about greece, 
  because trigger 50 already . 
  allowing discussions with triggering it allows the uk to prolong limbo . 
  we should have to wait any more than two years because the uk does n't have it 's shit together . 
  i do n't think that spot would look much better without the advertising . 
  the sunset isn ' that wonderful . 
  i think an alliance with putin is part of this . 
  i would n't like to end up like the us with large companies owning a lot of the food supply . 
  there will be a recession which people like yourself will trivialize but exaggerating the prediction ridiculously . 
  `` yeah there 's high unemployment but there is n't blood raining from the sky like you all said '' . 
  its a lazy , ugly , emotional way to argue . 
  i 'm ok with federalism if its gradual . 
  i basicly think thats the way humanity has always gone , tribes , towns , city states , small kindoms , counties , trans national governments . 
  the term `` eletes '' when used that way annoys me , its just a slightly more veiled version of `` we 're sick of experts '' . 
  i want the people in charge to be elete . 
  that 's going out on a limb, 
  that 's it !, 
  tax the tea , they 'll be out in a week . 
  all those polish muslims stealling their tea, 
  my cats breith smells like cat food but it has nothing to do with the question . 
  you should see our guy, 
  they not , they talk is all , think good plan, 
  the whole damn book is about the uks abusive relationship with ireland . 
  unprecedented prosperity . 
  even the recession was pretty nice compared to ireland of the seventies or eighties . 
  thats so weird . 
  the uk would allow free movement to part of its county but no the rest and have an internal ( sea ) border where you would have to prove citizenship . 
  is there anything like this anywhere else ? 
  could we buy some land in wales and make a copy of belfast , and move the anti eu crowd while they 're asleep . 
  they 'll thing the heathens had been raptured and everyone would be happy . 
  its not hypocrisy if two different people say those things . 
  sean the sound, 
  not only that but why let them off the hook if they are jihadis . 
  lock them up . 
  ots unfair to the innocent and lenient on the guilty . 
  humider, 
  well assuming the scots eventually left the eu it could go like this . 
  uk has a rocky few years coming up to leaving , the leave and have a rocky few years adjusting , scotland leaves and has a rocky couple of years while they pattition to join the eu . 
  or they leave the uk asap and patition ( i know its wrong but i gave up fighting with my tablet ) while bexit is happening as a separate county minimising the rocky years, 
  by now ? 
  no one said that.next couple of years . 
  why is europe punishing us !, 
  with a hard on watching deathwish on a loop , praying real hard for the moment when you can legaly kill some one . 
  whats going on in estonia ? 
  lads you need to buy a couple of investment houses , house prices can only go up . 
  thats what we did, 
  its all connected , no one intests , fewer buisness start and grow . 
  plus it makes finacial buisnesses scared to do buisness there . 
  eight thousand , two hundred and forthy five percent , fuck !, 
  we 're working on it, 
  and can make cool spaceships, 
  and us, 
  can we have your tunnel ? 
  chips , like poker chips, 
  there was a consensus that you would vote to stay too and there is no reassurance that they 'll be allowed stay, 
  this reads like a collection of random unfinished thoughts . 
  actually it reads like / r/subredditsimulator . 
  i think the argument is that because the 25 % growth was bullshit that there is no growth . 
  the idea that if a fact is false the opposite is true . 
  the 25 % is bullshit , it 's an accounting quirk and no one in the irish government is trying to pass it off as real growth but that does n't mean there is n't real growth but it 's closer to 5 % . 
  unemployment is around 10 % , if you 're a programmer companies are throwing themselves at you . 
  maybe i 'm missing the point . 
  i probably am but i put that down to the writing because i did read it but it was disjointed and just weird to read . 
  take this `` the folks at irish economy '' , who are folks at irish economy ? 
  that 's some decent slagging . 
  that 's the idea . 
  that seems reasonable . 
  it would stop a country economically collapsing on or borders . 
  i would n't mind if they said february or something if they gave a date . 
  limbo is pissing people off . 
  they should agree that whatever people are in the eu or the uk now can stay but the uk has to start the negotiation . 
  a lot of countries have free education, 
  retractions should get the same size and placement as the original . 
  if the story took the whole first page . 
  so should the retraction . 
  its the uk that does n't want free movement with dirty eu citizens . 
  if you 'd join schengen this would n't be an issue . 
  its sad but required . 
  the uk should just join schengen so we can . 
  in ireland at least they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  being catholic is more about pissing off henry viii than the whole religion thing . 
  that kind of rhetoric is intentionally designed to stop decent conversation . 
  realistic how am i meant to answer . 
  it 's so loaded and filled with hyperbola what any comment from here will just be descending down into a rabit hole of unpacking your comment until it gets too frustrating to continue . 
  but that 's the point is n't it . 
  it 's the fox news style of arguing , it 's is n't about finding truth , it 's about frustrating the other person until they go away and you claim you won by default . 
  i think you should be able to dump rubbish at the supermarket . 
  make them deal with their own packaging , they 'll figure out how to reduce , reuse and recycle it quickly enough . 
  because you need experts to do that . 
  and experts are bad, 
  because you need experts to do that . 
  i often send emails before people get into work, 
  its not an ultimatum its litterally just the definition of the word `` single market '' . 
  if you do n't want movement you do n't want the single market , you want a free trade deal . 
  its not just lately, 
  it makes a lot of sense if you do n't want financial collapse in northern ireland . 
  its seems like we care more about that part of the uk than the uk does .
