the title 's in german or something . 
  i never used that but it looks pretty cool . 
  the title repeated itself 3 times . 
  ah ok . maybe i 'm blocking something . 
  i 'll try clicking harder . 
  i did , they turned red . 
  for phones , back then it was pretty advanced . 
  it 's just a map of europe . 
  yep, 
  yeah . 
  that 's fair , it 's very easy for me to say they should have an appstore now with hindsight . 
  how could it be outdated in an undermined point in the past . 
  i 'm talking about well before the first iphone . 
  yeah it was outdated by the end but i 'm talking about around 2002-ish . 
  ah yeah but they were barely nokia at that point . 
  i think they 'd decided on a merger for a while before it was announced . 
  yeah , eventually . 
  but symbian could have done it 10 years before android . 
  i had a job working with embedded devices and wanted to write some software for symbian and while the os was good the hoops you had to jump through were insane , we gave up . 
  i think they fell into the trap a lot of companies fall into . 
  they thought of themselves as a hardware company and thought of the software as something that just gets the hardware to work . 
  while the leap the newer smartphone made was thinking of the hardware as a platform to run software on . 
  it 's a pitty because i really liked nokia . 
  why what where and did someone do something to cork in what situation ? 
  they should have let people write apps . 
  symbian was a good os but getting permission to run software on it nearly impossible . 
  if they 'd opened up a little bit they could own the smartphone market . 
  edit : to the people saying it was n't a good os . 
  what was a better one that was around at the same time . 
  genuinely interested , i like old os 's . 
  sweden runs a survey . 
  not as many as americans think . 
  they have to walk on eggshells around them or they think you hate them . 
  ca n't take any criticism . 
  most people like americans but they 're touchy . 
  not that large . 
  if it was n't for gerrymandering it would be half of that . 
  ( although i respect the decision of the rest of them and even if i am being goaded into some nationalistic pissing contest ), 
  there 's a metric `` cup '' ? 
  the cup is my most hated imperial unit . 
  only 40 ? 
  what 's up with 60 % of people ? 
  `` some people say '' `` there are rumours '' things weasels say . 
  god forbid dubliners would have to get the bus when half the country are connected by shitty bothreens . 
  is a disused stadium and a big needle more important than access to hospitals , colleges and business . 
  that would make sense if they built decent roads but all the decent roads are going to the same places as the trains . 
  it will tak you about 3.5 hours of easy driving to get 1/2 way up the country from cork to galway . 
  and about 8 hours for constant windy metal effort to drive the other half to donegal . 
  you care enough to comment, 
  makes sense to me . 
  oil is like startup money . 
  if you use it to get to something sustainable it makes sense . 
  if you expect to live off oil/startup money forever thats not good . 
  yeah . 
  it 's an old joke , good one though, 
  as soon as they stop sleeping on our couch . 
  close enough, 
  get little flags or those tiny traffic cones they use for football training and leave them on the towel with a note on it saying to leave it to the side if it 's your towel . 
  you come back an hour later , if it 's still there you take a poop on the towel . 
  even the national socialist party ? 
  contributing to defending europe from iceland ? 
  even our kite ? 
  its a nice kite . 
  some thing something luftbaloons dada didi dumdi dum, 
  about 60 years, 
  all of these titles take a normal startment and try to turn it into something more loaded . 
  russia , why ca n't you , just like , be cool , man . 
  i think earth in star trek is a good model . 
  no one really needs to work but people still have cafes , resteraunts , grow wine but more for the love of it than needing a pay cheque . 
  they way i think of it is its like everyone getting a pension at 20 . 
  your needs are covered but what do you do then , travel , open a cafe , go back to college . 
  i think people will do jobs they want to do because its a whole world full of people with fuck-you money . 
  btw he go in because of proprtional representation . 
  he was n't everyones first choise but everyone kinda likes him . 
  too wet, 
  machines are going to end up doing every job eventually . 
  it 's time we realised it and started building a society that still works in the that world and start managing the transition . 
  the first sentence was the joke . 
  the rest of the comment was the real answer . 
  because it annoys the uk . 
  because the eu does n't have a president in that sense . 
  its closer to `` the speaker '' in us politics . 
  plus we elect the people who elect them like a prime minister . 
  looks ok to me . 
  exactly nato is a deterant because of the threat of all its members attacking together . 
  if nato does n't defend its members it loses its deterent . 
  i do n't think they should be this harsh but they would be better off kicking members out that saying nato wont defent members . 
  he 's already destablising and hes not even in power, 
  yes ? 
  yes there is ? 
  that there is a thing . 
  i 'm struggling to come up with something to say . 
  what would you like me to say . 
  to be honest you hav n't said much more than all the people who did n't comment , you just commented that there are no comments . 
  i think most the people i knew in college would n't have been able to go without our grant and the fees being covered . 
  i think educating your population is a great foundation and often solves problems that you would n't think about . 
  better for democracy and your society as a whole . 
  emotion over maths, 
  no he 's not . 
  this is the reddit thing of expand the deffinition of a word until words do n't mean anything , when words mean anything you can argue anything you want .
