  not knocking dublin but it has it 's own culture but if you want to see that typical irish stuff and only have time to go to one city i 'd recommend galway . 
  also it has access to the island , the burren and the cliffs of mohar not so far away . 
  australia and canada want people but in places no one wants to live because it 's too fricken hot or too fricken cold so they want people but they 're just as likely as anyone else to not go to those places . 
  i think the uk will get a deal but that 's not a huge victory , with the exception of weird countries like north korea everywhere as some sort of deal with everywhere else it just matters if it 's a good deal . 
  all negotiation comes down to the walk-away-position . 
  if canada and auz walk away they 're basically where they are now but if the uk walks away they 're very badly off so odds are the deals will favour can/auz . 
  nz is different , small country which means getting a deal with the uk could be a bigger deal for them , the uk are mostly consumers and at the moment they consume a lot of irish agricultural exports , nz could step in there . 
  they will get deals and i wish them well but don ; t believe the leave side this is n't a huge victory it would be weird to not have any form of trade deal , the us even has a trade deal with cuba these days . 
  politics nerds with the sense of humour of a 12 year old is exactly my demographic . 
  our referendum was fab-u-lous !, 
  what you `` feel '' is no longer a concern and had no basis in reality to begin with . 
  you 're really problem is n't the eu , it 's your papers , they did this , they cause your fear . 
  not migrants or the eu , it 's rupert murdock and his ilk . 
  remain is a vote for the status quo . 
  do n't qualify , fair enough but non voters are just as dumb as leave voters . 
  `` do you know who i am !, 
  how very dare you ! '', 
  you 're probably trolling but that was about smaller countries in the eu having more power not being anti eu . 
  you can be fully onboard with something and have an opinion about it 's direction . 
  i suspect you 're playing some kind of game though . 
  no it was n't angie 's fault . 
  when cameron went to europe and got a better deal the british public did n't even notice because no matter what was happening in reality the right wing papers , johnson and farage controlled the narrative , their story did n't matter . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't things to be fixed but i am saying that even if they were fixed that information would n't have reached the leave voters . 
  what can you do with people who do n't believe in exerts or facts . 
  i should read stuff . 
  i thought uk and nz were doing a trade deal . 
  those poor migrants . 
  there is no anti eu sentiment in ireland . 
  i do n't know where this is coming from . 
  all parties are pro eu , any survey i 've seen is pro eu , and just talking to people they 're pro eu . 
  the only time i 've heard anything anti eu it 's went someone from outside europe is discussing the euro at me . 
  the only thing i can think of it the water charges stuff but that 's more about the government using creative accounting to bring in another tax . 
  ~ ~ `` offers uk its top trade negotiators '' is a weird was of spinning it 's toughest trade negotiators . 
  it makes it sound like nz has come crawling . ~ ~, 
  i actually hope they do rejoin in a few years but this time without the chip on their shoulder and having leaned their lesson . 
  i do n't want the uk to hurt , i do n't want the eu to hurt but the only good thing about this situation is they ca n't hide from it , they can deny it for a while but the consequences are coming and they 'll have to face them eventually . 
  that 's it . 
  a lot of cities have an old centre and a separate cbd, 
  i think part of the problem is the british public have been buying `` the uk made me do it '' for years . 
  the passport think has never been that much of a hassle anyway considering more people have passports than divers licences and their is the new passport card ... which i 've just realised only works in the eu, 
  wo n't happen in this generation . 
  the unionists fucking hate us and believe they 're in a siege . 
  maybe if scotland leaves they may have a bit of an identity crisis and after a generation it might happen but not soon . 
  as unlikely as it is an independent ni is more likly than a united ireland . 
  it 's interesting to think about though . 
  that would be the handiest thing . 
  we 've no objection to schengen , it 's only the difference between airline personnel checking your passport or a security guy . 
  i think the eu will allow as soft border for people if the uk has some kind of eea agreement and considering we 're out on an island with border checks to get onto either island and considering the tentative peace in ni . 
  that wont apply to trade thought , odds are there will be a bit of sneaking across the border for shopping and bringing stuff to farmers markets i do n't think that can be controlled anyway considering how much the british army tried and failed to control the border . 
  you do n't speak for everyone but if the unionists calmed down and the people actually wanted it i think it would be worth the massive recession for a once in a generation opportunity to reunite the country . 
  they 'd have to want it thought , it 's not about what the rest of the uk wants . 
  i know a few romanian people in ireland . 
  never had a problem with them . 
  i think people confuse roma and romanians . 
  max . 
  what they could do if the uk was n't being a dick is give them a temporary trade deal and renegotiate when they 're outside the eu . 
  that 's the closest they could do to extending the deadline . 
  they 'll have an irn bru and gregs based economy . 
  the network is n't going , the jobs are . 
  the uncertainty itself is a bad thing . 
  do you expect time to just freeze until britain can gets ass in gear . 
  i do n't think they 'll jump ship right now but they 'll probably stop investing in the uk until they know what 's going to happen so any new projects , offices or employees will be outside the uk and likely they 'll be planning to move just in case . 
  it would be ridiculous to expect them to build on quicksand in order to suit the leavers narrative business must go on . 
  trade deals typically go on for decades so if they have two year to negotiate then it will take every minute of those two years that means the rules wo n't be set in stone for at least two years . 
  how can you build an international business in the climate . 
  they wo n't be the last to go . 
  you could let ireland annex london . 
  we 'll call it derry-london . 
  you can set up in my spare room if you want . 
  and we 'll need workers , poles and romanians welcome . 
  lies !, 
  everyone is the un . 
  no shit !, 
  what are we supposed to do . 
  it 's not like we got a vote . 
  vague `` heed my warning '' stuff is n't going to do anything . 
  we seem to have expected this hit more than the uk did even without a proper government . 
  dublin needs to lose it 's fetish for low rise buildings and sprawl . 
  causing huge problems at the moment with accommodation , commuting times and office space . 
  for whatever reason the planners hate high rise buildings and it 's damaging the economy and will likely mean we ca n't take advantage of this opportunity . 
  you 're saying that like it 's not a possibility . 
  a scottish referendum is happening . 
  scotland probably ca n't stay part of the eu though . 
  it would likely leave the uk and the eu ( not sure what order but it 's all the same ) and then petition to rejoin but i think the odds of a independence referendum are pretty high . 
  you should see the rest of the country , it 's 11/10 . 
  they should come up with a track to entry only for situations where a country is leaving the eu and a devolved sections that has a good track record is entering where scotland gets say a 3 year period where they have access to the market and stability funds which they are becoming a full member . 
  since it would only apply to provinces of countries which are leaving it would affect spain ( unless they leave ) and it would have any bearing on turkey and it would be a disincentive to other countries leaving . 
  of course it 's grown beyond how it started out , that 's the point of it . 
  there are issues around how it 's run but a lot of the are attempts to address some of the criticism , the `` unelected '' commissioners for example are appointed so that national governments have power in the eu . 
  euro-sceptics call them undemocratic ( even though they 're appointed by elected officials ) but if you removed them they 'd be complained about taking sovereignty . 
  if we directly elected the parliaments president you 'd be complaining that they are always german , largest population after all . 
  saying their are `` uses '' is true because fucking everything has uses but without being specific about what you would do is like someone making you pick a restaurant and shooting down every idea without proposing your own ideas . 
  what would you change ? 
  friday : `` youz are all dirty foreigners coming over here taking our tea . 
  piss off back where you came from . 
  i hate you all , i fucking quit !, 
  < gives fingers to everyone  '' monday : `` hey guys , why ca n't i come to the meeting , i hav n't given my notice in writing yet . 
  guys ? 
  this is unfair , why are you punishing me ! '', 
  basically they have .
