  and the vampires, 
  still better than isis . 
  sadam is looking pretty good right now . 
  wrong island , we 're one of the most pro eu counties in europe . 
  its viral marketing for a berlin nightclub , the dresscode is punk from the waist up , golfer from the waist down, 
  all those boobs, 
  i think it comes down to the media not doing it 's job . 
  a healthy media is as important as secured ballot boxes . 
  it 's part of the democratic feedback loop and if you can just lie to the public they 're basically in platos cave and do n't know what 's real . 
  it 's far more democratic than the uk , thats why ukip have meps, 
  not really . 
  we take the piss about the second referendum thing . 
  i only vaguely remember but i think peoples objection was something to do with smaller nations having less power and voting for the status quo over a complicated treaty which is hard to understand . 
  i do n't think there was any anti eu sentiment at the time too , just that particular treaty . 
  the somalian government has been completely ignoring them and totally silent on the issue . 
  `` rats leaving a sinking ship '' come on , you 've heard the phrase and you know perfectly well that phrase applies to the people resigning their positions . 
  it 's not like the british people are fleeing . 
  you 're pretending you 've never heard of the phrase `` rats fleeing a sinking ship '' because it 's convenient . 
  have you ever considered that if you need to feign stupidity to `` win '' arguments that you 're on the wrong side . 
  `` there are reason out there someone told me to believe but i ca n't remember now '', 
  i thought you only listened to non-experts . 
  and a `` terrorist dictatorship '', 
  exactly , the germans and french would n't be in it if it was n't benefiting them . 
  i bet you the dutch have it . 
  always put the weights back in the rack . 
  yep . 
  you 're heart is n't dead centre in the body anyway but it is where all the arteries and veins lead . 
  budapest might be the spleen . 
  it 's boring but pretty nice . 
  worthy of ryanair, 
  we 're in the nordic battlegroup , probably because we have a couple of longboats in a museum and some angry red heads . 
  i know, 
  he knows the shit 's about to hit the fan so he 's running before it does . 
  he can claim victory and remain unscathed while everything gets covered in shit . 
  later if he wants he can come back and blame others for what happened . 
  i wonder if they 'll get a job in the commission , that 's where we send our fuckups . 
  and trying to get something that 's as close as they can get to the eu without technically being the eu . 
  this deal and that deal , the deal they really want is eu membership but now they have to figure out a way of getting something kinda like it but not it . 
  because eu membership is bad or something , because of reason , which we forget . 
  at least cut their pay, 
  you lot and your sharia law , taking the nhs money . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  rupert got what he wanted . 
  now , no because they 're hanging on like someone who has broken up with you but wants to live in you 're flat . 
  because you live on planet earth with the rest of us, 
  i think of medvedev as mister smithers, 
  whats an orwell ? 
  is it a type of orange ? 
  only if the uk commits , let angie borrow the crown jewels long term . 
  maybe one of the corgies two . 
  that was a lot of fun but i think it 's time for a more fucked up shambolic situation . 
  the market hears you , the market do n't care . 
  the financial industry is n't a charity and they wo n't loose money or build on quicksand because you wish it . 
  which were you ? 
  do n't worry , without nasty european regulation those kids can be put right to work down the mines . 
  ah , the good old days . 
  careful , curiosity leads to knowledge and knowledge leads to expertise . 
  i think it 's better to teach them to participate in democracy . 
  part of the problem was people not caring or understanding the democratic process . 
  yep , while other silly people were voting to send a message these peoples lives might be torn apart, 
  nah , the irish brown sauce market is going to explode , invest now . 
  calm down yourself pikey !, 
  no no no , when any other county moves they 're immigrants . 
  when they do it they 're ex-pats . 
  ex-pats are n't like those filthy immigrants . 
  a strawman in you comment and a sneaky strawman in your tag . 
  you might have a career with the daily mail . 
  why does it matter that you 're outside . 
  economics does n't stop neatly at the edge of the eu . 
  if someone sinks you into a resection to send a message i think it 's very reasonable to be annoyed . 
  i wonder who voted for him / s, 
  original sense ? 
  we 're far beyond a few greeks in bedsheets running a town . 
  there is an very weird idea going on on reddit lately that only direct democracy is democracy . 
  are we all supposed to move to belgium ? 
  well we are to ni and a large number of mainland british people with irish grandparents but my concern is britain is going to stop letting people going there but they themselves will be able to travel freely through getting other passports , which does n't seem fair . 
  particularly when it 's hypocrites like ian paisley jr who hates the roi and the campaigned for leave and then runs off and gets and irish passport . 
  well that 's my weekend ruined . 
  nearly there , michaeldy for queen . 
  what are you for ? 
  not vague things are you against but what specifically would you do ? 
  its hard to plan when you 're anti experts and anti facts . 
  we bitched about england . 
  normal week . 
  only if spain had plans about leaving the eu, 
  theres a precedence now so it would be tricky, 
  offically , but you can get people thinking about it so down the road its a bit easier, 
  thats pedantic , its just what the uk calls its states , you could say the same thing about baviaria , or north holland or sicali . 
  is cameron sucking his thumb ? 
  what does fishing matter to someone whos been hit by a car ? 
  huh ? 
  a very underrated one . 
  unfortunatly the english took our luck charms, 
  its the same with pe `` run arroud there and do n't bother me '' , years later i 'm hitting the gym and do n't have a clue what to do , how mussles work how the machines work etc. 
  see if you take the money you become dependant on it , even just a little bit and them russia has pull . 
  they play so many games you 're better off not dealing with them . 
  agriculture is subsidised so we do n't end up like the us with huge companies controlling the food supply . 
  irish clearly, 
  non voters are just as bad, 
  is it not clear , the eu has to do more but not do intervien , have more direct democracy but also let national governments appoint more people directly so they have a say and they sould all know about what they 're doing but not be experts .
