  if i attacked an irish traveler without provocation i 'd be considered a racist . 
  are xenophobes so separate anyway that they need to be defended in case they get confused for racists , they 're the same people . 
  you want beans ? 
  we can do beans . 
  no royals though but a traveler wedding is a thing to see, 
  no government , no regulation , land of the free, 
  parties go behind closed door , make their decisions and come up with a story for them after . 
  anything you here about intra party politics should be taken with a grain of salt, 
  i was wondering about that myself , can they cut funding and up the contribution or put pressure on them by similar means, 
  exactly . 
  the unionists in the north are more dug with their british identity than even the scots or english and have this kind of siege mentality . 
  they 're built us up into the enemy so much that it ca n't happen any time soon . 
  well . . fuck !, 
  if they want a wall , maybe we should pay for it, 
  you played yourself boris . 
  why are ye still here, 
  true but i do n't think even the eu or us has enough to negotiate that many deals in parallel . 
  how many work on each deal , how many counties , thats a lot of people . 
  that side of the equation is n't the problem . 
  what happens when you give all that money to buy stuff ? 
  you need to sell stuff , that 's the though part and what you 're selling are services and not every country needs that . 
  particularly for services . 
  the uk is a services based economy . 
  its very easy to have a deal where you just buy things because who does n't want to sell stuff . 
  but can the uk make money with financial services ? 
  what the uk needs is a deal with a country or block with a good financial market like the us , eu , japan ect . 
  that 's actually not that unusual , ex british owned countries like ireland or canada still have a lot of british law if it has n't been repealed . 
  they need to cut corners they 'd be best off just grandfathering in eu law and changing it down the road . 
  they did n't have 2 years to negotiate all the deals . 
  they usually take decades and the other countries have the people . 
  i was in helsinki . 
  everyone looks like stock photo business people . 
  ireland does . 
  actually that 's a lie its just timmys branding in the corner of some centra shops . 
  if you think things are bad now wait till you leave the eu . 
  it 's not up to the eu to build factories . 
  blame your own government . 
  i 'm from ireland , we give out more benefits and have people coming from mostly the same places . 
  the poles and romanians here work their asses off and are very nice . 
  if i strained myself to find something bad , sometimes they hog the weights at the gym . 
  my uncle teaches traditional irish music and most of the class are eastern europeans so they integrate too . 
  i even know a romanian irish dancer . 
  the eu is the best . 
  its not perfect but it is the best union of its type by a wide margin . 
  it kicks the pants off the african union or the russian federation . 
  it has problems because every government has problems but its a pretty amazing achievement . 
  romanians also show it . 
  my thinking is the other uk politicians have been using the eu as their whipping boy for years , even the remain ones and did n't want to fully u turn . 
  so when there said they give the eu 350 million it should have been easy to step in and say `` but we receive x in farming grants , y in infrastructure funding and z in trade . 
  it paid for that < local amenity  , that road '' etc. 
  but they did n't want to admit that the eu is n't an evil empire , that europeans are n't that scary and that they 've been offloading responsibility to the eu for years . 
  liechtenstein is a side of a hill with ten people . 
  i 'm sure the vatican has a good deal too . 
  we love your countries and your money , so we can be friends right . 
  its just you icky foreigners we do n't like . 
  please wash you money before you send it over , i do n't want any of your frog germs . 
  considering there is n't anyone in charge to have a plan i think i know which one it is . 
  has anyone ever fucked up this big , i know there have been world wars and stuff but without planning or an enemy in europe forcing them to do this . 
  this has to be one of the biggest oopsies in the history of the world . 
  more lies . 
  the british are in denial . 
  so for now us , later them . 
  irish people ( like o'leary ) also say it sometimes , particularly when clarifying whether you 're talking about gaelic football or soccer . 
  although once it 's clarified you generally call it football . 
  no one is stopping britain from leaving . 
  its britain that wants stuff from the eu . 
  we have no obligation to indulge your delusions of grandeur . 
  thats actually an idea , give them whatever terms they want but charge them huge fees . 
  oh the recession is coming and it 's going to be bad . 
  i think we 're about to have a population boom, 
  funny thing is if they got a deal with just trade in the conventional sense , no free movement , no financial services they 're still in trouble because they do n't make much , they 're a services based economy and would be mainly buying not selling . 
  well i expect blood in the streets and it raining brains so worse , god i ca n't image worse . 
  i keep forgetting that the uk * wants * to fuck itself . 
  for a second there i forgot that they do n't want to travel freely in europe . 
  it 's hard to get my head around . 
  fox news tried a version of the daily show called the `` half hour news hour '' it died on it 's ass . 
  they 're not that left , they 're just not far right . 
  if you 're far enough right everything is left . 
  but they are a party kinda . 
  fair enough i did n't know they wanted that but to be fair to me it 's fairly hard to figure out what they want when they ca n't decide on a name , or of they 're a part or how many parties they are . 
  i 'll slip you a passport when no one 's looking . 
  oh yeah i see what you mean . 
  most of them here i guess tend to be richer middle aged ones that are into genealogy . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it might be a reaction but modern germans have a distrust of anything nationalist , fascist or generally not allowing people to do things . 
  the first things i think of are girls in durndell , guys in socks and sandels , towels on beach chairs and a guy in berlin wearing golf pants walking his ferret . 
  bum bags and big tips ? 
   uk voted so they could `` control immigration '' i know , is n't it delicious . 
  good . 
  that does n't mean the uk ca n't be made to join . 
  we have no problem with schengen we just want the roi/ni border open . 
  oh please . 
  and charge them 350 million per week . 
  that would be amazing , and farage has to get and eu tatoo . 
  the union of craic should help that bid . 
  exactly and half the people that use it are trolling . 
  the brits do n't even use it that much . 
  for those who have n't been there let me explain a bit . 
  a lot of time you naturally visit cities but ireland culture is n't really urban , the celts favours close nets of small towns walking distance from each other so typical ireland , the stone walls , the thatched roofs etc are generally outside the cities but galway is the exception . 
  you 'll find all that stuff within walking distance of the city centre , along with a bit of a bohemian vibe in places .
