  if my hungarian so wanted to be dutch ( they are eligible ) they would have to renounce their hungarian citizenship because the dutch only allow dual nationality if you are dutch to begin with , unless you get married to a dutchy ( and my so will not be marrying a dutchy !, 
  :p ) so i think there is an eu norm , but eu memberstates are allowed their own specific rules on the matter, 
  as someone who studied in nl and now lives and works in nl , do it . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  i often have a city break around february as its a good time to go a city that would otherwise be insufferable . 
  venice - not a fan of the place , but i would imagine it would be good in feb rome - great time to visit rome . 
  cool , but we could still sit on the terrace and eat pizza generally any major touristy city . 
  stockholm was lovely in february , if a bit chilly . 
  go to edinburgh and try and see the 6 nations rugby !, 
  dublin is great anytime of year ( or galway . 
  wear a raincoat ) . 
  that is amazing !, 
  ** cumbrian ** , or rather cumbric , developed from brythonic , like old welsh did . 
  old norse also had a very strong influence on the dialect , and this can be seen through many of the place names . 
  although cumbria is the third largest county in england , it was formed in 1972 so the dialect of cumbrian comes more from the north of the modern day county , what was known as cumberland . 
  the dialect is not so much spoken any more , and in the south of the county , where i am from , it is virtually non-existent , although there is a distinct barrovian way of speaking ( i am not from barrow though ! ) . 
  so how does cumbrian differ ? 
  well it 's nothing like english , really . 
  yan , tyan tethera , methera , pimp ; sethera , lethera , hovera , dovera , dick . 
  1,2,3,4,5 ; 6,7,8,9,10 . ars garn yam = i am going home . 
  day-to-day , when i am home , i would hear certain cumbrian words , such as the numbers and , if out at night , often ars garn yam . 
  i believe it is more prevalent in the north . 
  melvyn bragg , an author from north cumbria and writer of several books , including * the adventures of english * discusses cumbrian as he grew up speaking it . 
  he is from carlisle , at the top of cumbria . 
  he writes about how , in ww2 , there were british soldiers in iceland and they had no clue about icelandic . 
  all the british , except some cumbrians , who , through their knowledge of cumbrian due to the old norse influence and because icelandic is an old language that has not changed greatly from old norse ( i am no expert in iceland , but i believe this is evident in the use of the thorn ( ' \u00de ' ) , which in now a ` th ' in english ) . 
  allegedly , the cumbrians picked up icelandic quite quickly . 
  about that . 
  been meaning to say thanks . 
  at school ? 
  erm ... - william tell ; - neutrality ; - read * treasures of the snow * - do n't let the sun go down on an argument . 
  still remember that advice . 
  that 's about it . 
  you should come over to / r/askeurope and pose your question there . 
  it 's what it 's there for !, 
  i can answer one for you : galway , or more precisely , gaillimh , means stoney , after the river corrib ( if you can call it a river , it 's so short ) , which is abhainn na gaillimhe in irish , or river of stone , literally translated . 
  i am reliably informed by wikipedia that the first settlement on the corrib was called d\u00fan bhun na gaillimhe ( `` fort at the mouth of the gaillimh '' ) . 
  as for etymology of uk place names , if it ends in ` cester/chester ' it would have been a roman fort , and if it ends in - ton , it would have been a nordic farm settlement . 
  ulverston being a town in land of the fellow country men and it means ulpha 's farm, 
  another issue is the size of the country and the kick off times . 
  are you going to go see strasbourg v bastia on a sunday evening ? 
  nope . 
  how about toulouse v rennes on friday evening ? 
  bit of a stretch . 
  the american issue was a large part of it . 
  shamefully , i just totally forgot about that !, 
  let 's not forget all of the d\u00e9partements d'outre-mer !, 
  and the dutch caribbean territories !, 
  a large reason for the vetos was the fact that britain still had its colonies . 
  one colony was of particular concern to de gaulle : new zealand . 
  new zealand was considered `` a british farm in the pacific ocean '' and the last thing de gualle wanted was all their dairy products entering the european markets , harming the cap and french farmers . 
  furthermore , when britain applied the first two times , it was still hoping it could bring its colonies into the fold . 
  britain was pursuing ways to expand the commonwealth to all the nations , but still allow it to exert its influence over them . 
  britain was dealt a serious blow by india becoming a republic in 1950 , meaning the british monarch was no longer the head of state in india . 
  it signaled that britain 's influence over the commonwealth members was waning , especially since canada actively supported india in becoming a commonwealth member as a republic ( if you change you political make-up ( i.e. 
  become a republic ) you have to leave the commonwealth and reapply ) the final blow was when south africa left in 1961 . 
  south africa wanted to become a republic , so it had to leave . 
  it chose not to reapply because it knew it would not be accepted due to apartheid . 
  the commonwealth does not question the internal politics of a member ( at least , not then . 
  it does more so now . 
  but not nearly enough ) . 
  so for sa to be denied would be for countries like australia ( white only policy ) to be open for criticism . 
  britain wanted sa to be a member , india , other african members ( ghana , nigeria ) and canada refuse to accept . 
  what all of the above shows is that britain , when de gaulle vetoed both times , was trying to involve its empire in europe , which was a big no-no for de gaulle . 
  when he left and pompidou was president , britain had long since given up on trying to create a closely integrated commonwealth that it could control for trade . 
  when britain became a member , it was an island in north west europe , not a global empire . 
  apologies for the wall of text . 
  tl ; dr cdg did not want britain in europe as britain wanted preferential treatment for its colonies such as new zealand , whose agricultural products , if imported into europe , would harm french farmers . 
  when britain became a member of europe , its had largely decolonised and become much more europe focused and less interested in trying to exert influence on its former colonies . 
  england was part of normandy ( so technically , the channel islands own england ) , so it would . 
  also , gascony was under english occupation . 
  anyway , it 's all immaterial since france now has the francophonie . 
  indochina , maybe , but algeria was as integrally part of france as , say , normandy , or provence so france would have been pretty much opposed to withdrawing from there . 
  after reading the article , i did not know about this union proposal , but i did know that they had applied to join the commonwealth . 
  france could still join the cw if it wanted to as its meets the criteria by having part of its territory once part of england !, 
  although not since 1558 , obviously . 
  my understanding as to why france tried this was because she was looking for ways to create closer ties with other countries and was exploring several possibilities . 
  not sure how serious this one was . 
  off topic slightly , but malta also tried to join the united kingdom after world war two . 
  it wanted to become a county . 
  the proposal was refused as malta was no longer deemed as strategically important and it was felt it could set a dangerous precedent for other colonies to want to join the uk . 
  you can read the round table on malta [ here \\ ( hansard \\ ) ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1956/mar/26/malta-round-table-conference ) or just the wiki page [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_malta#from_home_rule_to_independence ), 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://resources2.news.com.au/images/2013/12/22/1226788/549706-world-record-elf-party.jpg ), 
  forgot [ burger 's zoo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_burgers'_zoo ) !, 
  the largest zoo in the country . 
  i tell people its like jurassic park with its different zones . 
   ireland has n't been a part of the uk for around a hundred years thanks , that bothered me too . 
  i find it interesting that wales is not represented and still is n't ( if you take the union flag , or the coat of arms on the new style coins ) . 
  i understand why : it is represented by england . 
  * hont soit qui mal y pense * means shame be to him who thinks evil of it , and according to wikipedia is the motto of the order of of the garter . 
  til, 
  clearly , to issue all topics are given due time , such a dialogue would have to take place over a certain amount of days . 
  perhaps even two weeks ? 
  i think may 1 - may 8 would be good . 
  oh , would you look at take . 
  those random dates i chose just * happen * to include may 5 . 
  about those mexican catholics ... 
  would he have gotten fined for missing the appointment , too ? 
  in which episode ?
