  owned by jamie heaslip . 
  expensive though . 
  there are some very good irish beers out there akin to english ales , but they are much harder to find , as you say . 
  it can be stupidly priced in parts of dublin . 
  yes , i am fully aware that there is a region of germany also called friesland , does n't change my point though . 
  ah , so it had been raining/was going to rain . 
  i certainly hope you 're not implying that because you had lunch with a brit that you had to have a shit pint of beer ? 
  dairy would be up there , but beef ? 
  you could argue aberdeen for that . 
  irish beef is amazing though . 
  the netherlands would also argue that their dairy is the best , seeing how frisian cattle are some of the best for dairy . 
  just one ? 
  ok . let me think . 
  oh , yes !, 
  there is this stereotype that the weather in the uk is terrible and that it always rains . 
  this is simply * not true * . 
  it sometimes snows . 
  you also have to go to garda station and get them to sign it . 
  i forget why , but i had to . 
  the university also had a garda at the su for a day before the last general election so that people could sign up easier . 
  the big five has only existed since 2011 when italy returned . 
  the big four came into effect in 2000 . 
  turkey has taken part in every eurovision from 2000 until 2013 ( where it did cite the big five as one of the reasons ) . 
  i saw this ages ago . 
  then went away . 
  then i thought `` hang on , malta is pretty much one of the few countries that gives the uk points ! '' . 
  rushed back to check . 
  ah , there he is . 
  all good . 
  i think they do n't give us 12 points because our songs have been shit , rather than any grand political gesture . 
  when i was on erasmus ( in france ) , there were a lot of irish people ( including myself , technically ) and everyone adopted ` irish time ' i.e. 
  you say a time , and you know everyone will arrive at least an hour later . 
  to paraphrase something i read in marion keyes ( do n't judge me ) : `` neither apologised for being late ; you are never late in ireland . '', 
  i just joke with my irish friends that until you give us 12 points , we 'll keep those 6 counties . 
  slightly risqu\u00e9 , i know . 
  yes . 
  the song . 
  that is what i enjoyed in the russian performance . 
  the ... `` song '' . 
  this is the greatest thing to have ever happened on tv . 
  ever . 
  the greatest injustice when they did not win . 
  the burgers of calais . 
  totally different statue . 
   i do n't know why i bother talking to the british you were talking to an irishman . 
  if you ca n't recognise that , it does n't really grant you much authority on the matter . 
  pfft . 
  southerner . 
  ( joke ), 
  i have noticed that when i am speaking to friends from my home town in the north-west of england , people , even british people , struggle to understand us . 
  there is a dialect , but we would only use smatterings of it . 
  definitely not weird . 
  done it plenty of times when crashing at a mate 's house . 
  if there are three of us , everyone in !, 
  better than the floor . 
  some say thirty , others say [ eighty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighty_years'_war ), 
  if the germans could n't invade britain there was no threat ( in hindsight ) of them invading ireland . 
  i apologise for my countryman and their comment . 
  many irish fought and died and for the allied cause and it has been extremely grateful, 
  do you remember horrible histories ? 
  there was a great panel in one of them . 
  it had two men sitting on a beach with the radio saying `` france has surrendered '' . 
  `` so , '' says man one . '', 
  we stand alone . '', 
  `` yes , '' says man two . '', 
  all 500 million of us . '', 
  hey . 
  i work in this field . 
  we are . 
  it 's in the works . 
  first up is a link to belgium and norway to supplement our links the france , the netherlands , and two to the island of ireland . 
  after that it 's a second french one and denmark . 
  iceland is on the list but it 's an estimated 4 billion quid cost . 
  the technology is getting more efficient all the time . 
  soon . 
  soon . 
  honestly , no . 
  i 've only had a couple ( it 's expensive ! ), 
  and they do n't actually sell it near me . 
  if you see it in stores then a shop assistant might be able to help you with what the different ones taste like . 
  i say this because i 've only ever seen it in special beer shops . 
  sorry i 'm not much help . 
  mmmm, 
  what about ukraine where they end up in fisticuffs ? 
  ( only ever see scenes of this happening , not sure how common it is ), 
  i had a course once in france called `` european identity '' . 
  an american in the class said `` we americans can see european identity much clearer than europeans can . '', 
  i was dumbfounded into silence . 
  not quite . 
  the falklands were and are a self-governing british overseas territory , so not part of the uk . 
  however , the falkland islands does depend upon the uk for defence and foreign relations . 
  so your original point is still correct . 
  to the european parliament . 
  god 's sake / u/mightymousepeptalk . 
  proof read . 
  man , when i went there that park was so disappointing . 
  the statues were awesome , in the full sense of the word , but the park was just so poorly done . 
  the statues had titles but no explanation as to what they represented ( a small paragraph would have been nice ) , and they did n't say where they came from . 
  this was in 2005 . 
  maybe it has changed since then .
