  this makes up 700,000 of your 1,7 m ) so why should n't they have the right to vote in the country where they are resident ? 
  if we take the point earlier of you only being allowed to vote in one member state after being resident there for x number of yers ( let 's say 5 for argument sake ) , what is the issue ? 
  i appreciate you linking that to me , but i 'm not going to sift through 200 + pages to find that information . 
  could you tell me what page i am suppose to be looking at ? 
  yeah , something like that would be needed . 
  i voted in the last irish elections ( i hold irish citizenship , but i think brits can vote there anyway ) but i knew sod al about who i was voting for . 
  tried to do research on it , but so many parties !, 
  other without the right to vote may have known more than me . 
  a bar against voting in other elections has been mentioned and i like that idea too and that you would have a choice as to which national election you would want to vote in . 
  of course measures would need to be in lilac to stop people from switching their voting rights every year so they could vote in different elections !, 
  and ireland . 
  i used it as an example because they were the first two countries to come to mind . 
  in any case , a referendum is different to voting in the national elections . 
  a vote such as that could be restricted to citizens only . 
  but is n't that what any vote is ? 
  voting to what suits your political agenda ? 
  also i would love to see the stats where it says hundreds off thousands of eu migrants are in the uk . 
  tens of thousands , probably . 
  hundreds ? 
  doubtful . 
  i like the / u/ajaume 's suggestion if if you want to switch your vote to your residence country , but you lose your vote in your home country . 
  of course to prevent constant switching this would have to be fair a fixed term ( unless you are changing residency ) . 
  eg a pole could n't switch to uk , the back to poland , then back to uk etc. 
  edit : words, 
  disclaimer : i just found this on the citizens ' initiative website as i was thinking about it last night . 
  i am not affliated with the movement european without borders in anyway . 
  i do not live in the uk , but i am resident in another nl , yet i can only vote in local and european elections . 
  this means i can not vote in national elections even thought the decisions there will affect me . 
  i 'm not 100 % , but i think this movement calls for the right to vote immediately , once you have residency . 
  personally , i think one should be resident for a certain number of years ( five years ? ), 
  before you are granted the right to vote , but i welcome the intiative, 
  interesting !, 
  although the video could have done with a graphic explaining the fehmarn belt tunnel a bit more ( [ for the lazy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fehmarn_belt_fixed_link ) ) . 
  i find grand infrastructure stuff like this really interesting . 
  if denmark and rip up bridges and make them higher , move train lines , widen tracks , add third line so freight can pass , straighten curves and turn single track in double track with better signalling , it makes me wonder why the uk wants to build hs2 . 
  i did n't think you had n't . 
  but fair enough . 
  your second paragraph read like the dutch high speed trains . 
  and that was after 1week !, 
  they were introduced in december last year . 
  removed from service in january . 
  and now they are scrapping them . 
  this was after they were 5 years late !, 
  you will notice how i said : whiskey : ireland , then later , when talking about scotland , i use whisky  . 
  i went for italy as a joke because i live in holland and they got ansaldo breda ( italian company ) to build a high-speed train . 
  it was a total disaster . 
  of course it 's not serious !, 
  ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ first ^ ^ ^ four, 
  looping louie . 
  `` what 's he saying papa ? '', 
  `` i have no idea , but he is saying it incredibly well '' - exchange between princess elizabeth and king george vi in * the king 's speech * whilst watching that german bloke give a speech . 
  interesting this one . 
  i read that the world cup in 2006 made it ok to be german again . 
  by this i mean the average german could wave the flag and just be proud of being german without people claiming they were a nazi . 
  shortly after the world cup i was visiting a german friend in switzerland . 
  the parents said that before the wc they would never had had a german flag ( defo not in ch ) , but afterwards they got one and put it on their boat ( they 're doing well for themselves ) . 
  they said there were quite a few boats with german flags now . 
  obviously , it 's still sensitive , but it 's great to see that slowly you can be proud , and show that , without so much `` you 're ' a nazi '' labeling . 
  in the uk i think , outside of sport , you ca n't display being proud to be british without people thinking you 're bnp !, 
  i think the point was to go for less obvious things . 
  i mean this is just a given . 
  it 's the combination . 
  good pint of beer with slowly roasted pork shoulder that falls off the bone ? 
  yes please . 
  stumble home from the pub and grab nap curry wurst . 
  do n't mind if i do . 
  is it up there with the finest chefs of paris ? 
  no , but then who wants to eat that stuff everyday . 
  beer : england beef : scotland whiskey : ireland vodka : finland music : sweden wine : moldova chocolate : belgium sausages : hungary authors : iceland cheese : wales dentists : liechenstein ( got to give them something ) cars : czech rep trains : italy ( specifically ansaldo breda ) non-cheese dairy : netherlands plumbers : poland electricitians : lithuania pornography : belarus bankers : greece navy : monaco army : vatican city airforce : spain government regulators ( for all things , such as making sure buildings are up to code ) : albania bread : ukraine civil servants : france edit : some of this is satire , some of it is not . 
  it is up to you to decide which is which , but it is all opinion . 
  edit ii : apparently some people do n't get that since each country can only provide one . 
  so i chose scotland for beef , so i could n't then go choose it for whisky , could i ? 
  i was going to give each country something , but i got bored . 
  take this as a joke and please do n't take it so seriously . 
  yes , you have whisky . 
  yes , it is amazing . 
  yes , islay whiskies are my favourite . 
  but since i had already gone with beef i had to give whisky to someone i felt that russia might have been pushing it !, 
  france has lots of different breads !, 
  just the baguette is most ubiquitous . 
  french irish brit , i 'm afraid . 
  i have no connection to germany at all . 
  except for bvb . 
  whoops . 
  they are in 1b . 
  my bad . 
  i have edited it now . 
  although they are top of 1b so have a good chance of promotion to 1a, 
  what are you on about ?!, 
  think of all the different types of vegetables you can mash together into an undecipherable mess and plop a rookworst on top of !, 
  so many options !, 
  http://www.schlenkerla.de/ they deliver . 
  also , i did n't see your flair when i first replied . 
  i 'm guessing you did n't need my rauchbier translation !, 
  ... shit ... 
  smoked beer ) . 
  they smoke the malt so it gets a really smokey and the taste is not unlike smokey bacon . 
  i covered that in the next bullet point !, 
  but germany never had zanzibar , just a claim to it , which you renounced for helgioland . 
  in bamberg they drink bacon,
