  when marge and homer to do nasty in the crazy golf ? 
  `` mr simpson , please . 
  burning the goat is one of sweden 's proudest traditions . 
  it is even on their national flag '', 
  the congress of vienna could be said to have been relatively successful as europe did not see much large-scale warfare afterwards . 
  at least for a few years until 1848 . 
  however , it certainly was no treaty of westphalia . 
  i believe that is considered to be one of the most just peace treaties . 
   hungary 's requests to hold binding referendums in the ethnic border areas were ignored , and i personally think that was a perfectly valid request . 
  hungarians point to the fact the sopron was the only area that was allowed a referendum to be austrian or hungarian and they chose hungary . 
  this adds to hungarians anger as they believe that others would have done the same . 
  pretty much . 
  my understanding of the irish flag has always been - green for ~ ~ catholics ~ ~ gaelic traditions , orange for ~ ~ protestants ~ ~ followers of william of orange ( so bascially , protestants , but more specifically the orange order ) and white for peace between the two . 
  i was going to try and write a typical english christmas , but i 'm not from an english family so that would be quite hard . 
  i 'll do my best and add some of the variations : - wake up and open presents in stocking at end of bed - go down stairs and open presents under tree . 
  - get dressed and go to church ( not everyone will go to chuch , of course ) - go to/host a drinks reception that will involve snacks such as smoked salmon and champagne . 
  this would usually last a couple of hours . 
  - prepare christmas dinner - some people would wait to eat until after the royal christmas message ( given by the monarch , who talks about what the country has done during the past year . 
  what triumphs it has had , what troubles it has faced . 
  also talks addresses the wider commonwealth of nations ) . 
  - some would not open presents until after the royal message - eat too much - fall asleep in front of telly watching movies . 
  - wake up on boxing day * and drink more and eat the left overs/go and hit the shops for the boxing day sales ( our black friday , i suppose ) . 
  * boxing day = st stephen 's day . 
  on this day the servants and tradesmen would receive a gift from their employers and they would get the day off . 
  this gift was known as a christmas box , hence the name . 
  i 'm half . 
  i think we would get along . 
  i 'm also half irish . 
  i should look into making cider ... 
  * runs off to invest in an adaptor *, 
  question : you can fit a european plug into a british socket ( if you shove something into the top hole the open the rest of it ) . 
  how bad is this for the european plug ? 
  i presume it means that if it trips the device would be buggered ? 
  i thought it was just a big question mark and the words `` here be dragons '', 
  sooo ... you 're like the irish ? 
  i read it with two fingers in my nose . 
  seriously , guys , stop . 
  they are abou ... 
  give that to liechtenstein . 
  they are still ` offshore ' . 
  you want the swiss for that . 
  eu is working on that dc supergrid right now . 
  it 's currently drafting the laws that will allow for the possibility . 
  connecting iceland is in the pipeline ( heheheehehe ) , but it 's hindered by a ) cost ( approx # 4billion ) , and b ) distance . 
  the current technology would lead to unacceptable losses . 
  technology is always improving though !, 
  could northern england get more autonomy from london in this eu ? 
  that would be nice . 
  the classic dutch : oh dutch is hard to learn . 
  no it is n't . 
  as languages go dutch is one of the easiest . 
  it has no clauses , few genders and is all round pretty straight forward . 
  they think it 's hard because they insist on speaking english to everyone who is n't dutch because their english is so good ( it is n't . 
  it 's often painfully shit . 
  i 've tried to learn hungarian . 
  that shit is hard . 
  dutch , by comparison to hungarian ( and french , which i speak fluently having studied it to c1 ) is a piece of piss . 
  so , why do n't people speak , dutch ? 
  they make it too easy not too and it 's a small , tiny language in the grand scheme of things . 
  edit : should add , i 'm b2 dutch . 
  my mate said the same thing . 
  i like you : you 're alright . 
  my guess : lions have an important place in dutch heraldry . 
  you do like carrots . 
  i mean you turned them orange you like them so much . 
  although i did find purple and white carrots at the market the other day under the section `` forgotten vegetables '' , but i digress . 
  why it did not give the word * wortel * is beyond me . 
  as for garden . 
  well , that was useful , in fairness , but was it the voortuin , or the achtertuin ? 
  so many questions unanswered !, 
  so , * allochtonen * ? 
  alien , but from my experience the dutch use this word to mean not european . 
  first sentence i ever learnt in dutch ? 
  that was hard !, 
  would you really need to know all that stuff ? 
  cultural traits ( olibollen ) , history ( willem van oranje ) ; and topography ( how far is it from amsterdam to enschede ) is fine , but other stuff was difficult ( what do you do when you 've had your 4th kid ? ) . 
  not that i need dutch citizenship , but still !, 
  yeah i knew it was possible to have uk and irish ( i could , but i choose not to have uk , but i 'm from england ) . 
  just wondered if in ni you could have either or , or both , but you answered that . 
  i think it maybe the football thing that had me wondering , when the fai can take ni players but the irish fa ca n't get eire players !, 
  i would agree with your assumption . 
  wait , so you currently had eire and uk ? 
  i thought in ni you had to choose , not have both ? 
  can one have 3 citizenships ? 
  i am eligible for 3 but only have 2 . 
  if i am allowed a 3rd i might just do that . 
  edit : wait , never mind the first question . 
  just realized your second could be literally anything . 
  i suck at sudoku . 
  that explains why the hungarian company my so 's dad works for is now chinese . 
  well , maybe it does n't . 
  but i like to think it does . 
  that makes sense as it was the early modern era !, 
  i up vote you for correcting me . 
  then i misunderstood you . 
  sorry about that . 
  ah , there it is . 
  although this is for 15 and above , but i 'll concede that those three years wo n't make too much difference to the figures , so i stand corrected . 
  i do n't see this being an issue though . 
  a lot of these could be irish , or french ( i have read there are approximately [ 300,000-400 ,000 french in london alone ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930 ) as well as about [ 400,000 irish ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-20821292 ) .
