  i was at old trafford in 1996 . 
  one man started screaming `` klinsman !, 
  klinsman '' in the corner full of croats . 
  dunno , what happened to him . 
  anyway , i was supporting croatia ( still have the scarf ) . 
  still have a soft spot for you guys since that match !, 
  two years later , my dad was getting married and all the men were in the other room watching germany v croatia , the rematch . 
  it was great : a room full of brits and irish cheering on croatia as they would their own countries !, 
  - great food and drink ( meat and beer . 
  my kind of heaven ) - a penchant for fantastic moustaches - awesome football league ( and national team , i somewhat begrudgingly admit . ), 
  - whilst on the subject of football , they won their first worldcup in 1954 after being 2-0 down to the strong favourites , hungary ( the magical magyars ) , who scored 8 goals against them in the groups . 
  west germany won 3-2 . 
  some say it was because they have screw on studs ( invented by adi dassler ( adidas ) ) so they could put on bigger studs to stop slipping . 
  this match is known as the miracle of bern . 
  - germany 's rugby team is in group 1b of the european nations cup . 
  basically , they are in the second group below the 6 nations and are in first place with two game left . 
  they could get promoted to 1a ( below the 6 nations ) . 
  then they hit the ceiling : no promotion in the 6 nations . 
  - die welt was founded by the british after ww2 because they wanted to create a national newspaper like the times . 
  - football fact - you can tell which army occupied post ww2 by looking at the stadiums - in the north-west they are in the british style , but in the south ( and the french bits ) they are in the american style . 
  - german is the most spoken native language in europe - europa park , in baden-wuertemburg , is my all time favourite theme park . 
  - titisee is lovely , but it has an hilarious name . 
  - the black forest gets its name from the pine trees . 
  they are so dense they block the sun from getting to the forest floor so it is dark . 
  - the black forest is renowned for its gateau , but rothaus bier has a cult status and rightly so . 
  it 's awesome . 
  - the germans have a. . . sensitive relationship with its neighbours although things are generally much better these days . 
  - the german national anthem was written in helgioland ( small island , north of hamburg ) by a man in exile ( self imposed ? ) . 
  - when germany gave up its claim to zanzibar in exchange for helgioland , that bloke suddenly found himself in germany again !, 
  ( queen victoria was pissed by this deal , but the uk needed zanizbar to protect her african interests since tanganyka was part of german east africa . 
  ninja edit : as were lots of german imperialists . 
  bismarck named the deal such so that it sounded that germany was giving a large part of imperial land for a tiny island . 
  he did this because he negotiated the deal , but it was concluded under leo van caprivi . 
  with the nomenclature it meant caprivi took a lot of stick for the trade . ), 
  - edit : since i just mentioned bismarck above i 'll add it here . 
  the iron chancellor . 
  the founder of the german state . 
  a pragmatic man if ever there was one . 
  state capital of north dakota is named after him . 
  - the words * deutschland , deutschland uber alles * in the anthem are suppose to represent german unity of one country rather than all the small states and principalities that existed before 1871 . 
  the meaning changed in later years . 
  - great country is germany . 
  and because of this post i 'm going to go there this week and buy cheap beer !, 
  i 've yet to have the proper breton cider , so i can only judge from what i 've had . 
  i have had proper breton gallettes . 
  they are amazing . 
  a lot has already been said so i 'm going to try and add some lesser known stuff : - the national anthem was written in strasbourg , but got its name after a battalion from marseille sang it whilst marching through paris . 
  its original name was * l'hymn de l'arm\u00e9e du rhin * - britain does not own the channel islands , the channel islands owns britain . 
  this date back to when the island were norman and william duke of normandy invaded britain in 1066 . 
  edit : before anyone says something . 
  i know they are properties of the crown . 
  - speaking of normandy . 
  the cotentin peninsula is one of my favourite places . 
  i hate the fact i have developed an allergy to mussels . 
  best restaurant i ever ate in was at the harbour in diellette . 
  you had two choices : mussels and fries , or steak and fries . 
  - whilst talking about food , dishes such as * ratatouille * , * boeuf bourignon * and other regional stews are often peasent dishes . 
  i find this interesting , because the british equivalents such as lancashire hotpot do n't carry the same finesse . 
  - if people want to make a good impression with my step-mum , they give her a bottle of alsatian riesling . 
  stuff is incredible . 
  - norman cider is the best cider i 've ever had . 
  especially the stuff you buy straight from the farmer at the side of the road . 
  - paris charles de gaulle airport is both a marvel and a hell-hole . 
  sometimes i think it is amazingly designed , other times the worst place on earth . 
  - some kids dicking about found some of the oldest cave paintings in the world . 
  - the university of strasbourg is the largest university in france ( but only because they amalgamated strasbourg i , ii and iii in 2010 into one ) . 
  - arsene wenger studied in strasbourg and is from colmar ( where the bloke who built the statue of liberty is from . 
  he grew up in a german speaking house . 
  - france has sparse natural resources so has a lot of nuclear power . 
  well this is a bit different to cap . 
  it 's creating rules so that energy can be traded across the whole of the continent much easier , but its not taking over , just creating a system where it is possible . 
  all the current system operators like national grid in gb , tennet in nl and de will remain in charge of all the systems . 
  the idea is to make the system more secure and to reduce prices . 
  we 'll see how it turns out . 
  hate to break it to you , but the eu is in the process of creating laws for one single european energy market that will harmonise energy across the whole of europe . 
  how do i know this ? 
  it 's my job . 
  it 's not my survey , but a friend of mine . 
  i 'll ask them to give me the results !, 
  my swedish is awful but i picked the right picture !, 
  thank god for my dutch knowledge !, 
  why is n't hungarian there ? 
  that was odd . 
  poland lithuania commonwealth was a monarchy and that was elective . 
  i have a french passport and no british one . 
  my flair is confusing but they do n't have a french irish british one . 
  it 's not european . 
  * part * of the country is considered to be in europe by the broadest definition and that is only an area about the size of belarus ( according to the map on my office wall and that is an approximation ) . 
  europe 's most southern point is la r\u00e9union in the indian ocean . 
  damn france . 
  in europe ... just ( although this is disputed ) . 
  former state of the soviet union . 
  capital was almaty . 
  now astana , which is also the the name of the professional cycling team that is based in ... kazakhstan !, 
  armstrong and contador have ridden for this team almaty is the largest city and the national football team plays there games there ( at least they did when they played england ) . 
  kazakhstan is massive . 
  i mean huge . 
  ninth largest . 
  largest landlocked . 
  lots of natural resources .
