  when the motorways were created and the signage study was undertaken , they realise that making place names just be proper nouns , such as sheffield , it was easier to read and your brain would recognise the shape of the word and you would register the place name much quicker . 
  i think white on blue was selected because it was an easy to read colour combination at day and night . 
  why did i say day and night ? 
  well the astute amongst you will notice that airports often use black text on yellow background . 
  apparently , this is the easiest to read from a distance so as you are rushing through the airport you can see which gate it much easier !, 
   uk is officially committed to retaining control because its population has repeatedly voted to stay in british hands . 
  does n't that sort of state that they have decided their own future ? 
  it 's being vetted by the nsa and gchq . 
  did n't in 2009/2010 . 
  www.mastersportal.eu is a good resource . 
  netherlands is a pretty good place . 
  high-level of english too ( would still recommend learning dutch though . 
  source : did a masters in european studies in maastricht . 
  have a job in nl, 
  well , more on a budget and public transport . 
  if you have a car , anywhere is easy to reach in europe !, 
  i lived there for a year and at the time the only cheap flights were to baden-baden / karlsruhe , but then that involved changing trains several times to get to strasbourg . 
  or flying to paris and getting the tgv across . 
  i just surprised me that it was such a faff to get there !, 
  edit : considering its location and political importance . 
  every country , yes . 
  ever tried to get to strasbourg though ? 
  place is a pain in the derriere to reach . 
  i first went to slovenia in2004 with my dad and brother and i absolutely loved it . 
  we went to bled and it is easily one the most beautiful places on earth . 
  we got tired of the crowds so we moved on to bohinj and left the camper there as we climbed mount triglav , slovenia 's highest mountain . 
  i believe this makes us true slovene ? 
  after that great trip we moved on to ljubljana and it did n't disappoint . 
  a hidden gem of europe . 
  such a great place . 
  our final stop was ptuj , a place name that sounds like someone spitting off a building . 
  i do n't really remember it though . 
  my current job takes me to ljubljana every so often and i love going back . 
  i take the bus from the airport and just stare out the window and the beauty . 
  i always take at least an extra day there just to enjoy the city . 
  next time i will go back to the alps . 
  some of the beer there is really good and i do n't just mean lasko . 
  the bevog brewery 's beers are great ( although located in austria , the founder is slovene ) . 
  there is a special beer shop i found in the shadow of the castle that 's sells some really good beers and patrick 's pub sells a great selection , including good slovenian beer . 
  a small country , but a great one . 
  bonus : slovene for brother is brat . 
  my brother and i enjoyed annoying our dad with that !, 
  edit : words . 
  op is n't complaining about sarajevo , he ( or she ) is just recalling their experience . 
  no need to be hostile . 
  years . 
  oops . 
  honestly , no idea . 
  but i grew up near sellafield and i 'm fine !, 
  anecdotal , and take from this what you will , but during chernobyl weekend my mate 's dad went running . 
  in the rain . 
  it was only later that people realised that this rain would have been full of radioactive fallout . 
  guy was a fit as a fiddle . 
  few years later he died of cancer . 
  the local doctors reckoned that the radioactive fallout * could * have been responsible for the cancer . 
  of course there absolutly no way of proving that , but an interesting theory nonetheless . 
  edit : added years . 
  [ chernobyl ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-17472698 ) did more damange to lake district than this leak could . 
  nice place though that link . 
  i use mediahint , but i am a bit skeptical . 
  how can it be free ? 
  i turn it off when i do n't need it . 
  if they are on the us netflix before they are aired in germany , * theoretically * , yes . 
  when it first started in nl ( november last year ) , the selection was n't great , but they are constantly adding to it . 
  if you use a vpn you could access us netflix using you german netflix account ( i do this in nl with my uk netflix account ) each country has slightly different choice due to what they have been able to get the rights for . 
  one ? 
  i 'm on an account that has 3 ... 
  i live in nl and i use my dad 's netflix account from the uk . 
  i use it here with no problem . 
  with mediahint , or hola unblocker ( take your pick ) i can access uk netflix/us netflix on that account no bother . 
  boninj just down the road is great . 
  beautiful lake , you can see the mighty triglav and it is much much quieter . 
  i loved it there . 
  ( i know you know of bohinj , i jutpst want to say it 's pretty ), 
  i agree . 
  blake bring in much more religious imagery and you see a lot of this in his other works . 
  you are right that shakespeare gives you a dramatic fighting imagery . 
  one thing i do like about jersualem is when it is put to music . 
  if england ever needed a national anthem that is n't god save the queen/king , it should be jerusalem . 
  since your search was of a quote from william blake , here is his poem , which compliments yours : and did those feet in ancient time . 
  walk upon england 's mountains green : and was the holy lamb of god , on england 's pleasant pastures seen !, 
  and did the countenance divine , shine forth upon our clouded hills ? 
  and was jerusalem builded here , among these dark satanic mills ? 
  bring me my bow of burning gold ; bring me my arrows of desire : bring me my spear : o clouds unfold !, 
  bring me my chariot of fire !, 
  i will not cease from mental fight , nor shall my sword sleep in my hand : till we have built jerusalem , in england 's green & pleasant land, 
  edited . 
  what you think ? 
   galway city : massive hippy the term is `` bohemian '', 
  in my home area it has to be the lake district ( i am very biased ) especially [ coniston water ] ( http://www.lakedistricts.co.uk/photos/data/media/1/coniston1.jpg ) but the [ whole national park is gorgeous ] ( http://www.lakedistricts.co.uk/photos/img7.htm ) having studied in galway , [ connemara ] ( http://www.connemara.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/connemara-430x244.jpg ) is lovely too . 
  reminds me of home , except there are less trees . 
  being half-french , i 'm going to post something french . 
  i think normandy is beautiful , specifically [ le manche ] ( http://webservice.kawan-group.eu/images/image_camping/127/images_camping/image/031_aeriencc.jpg ) ( i 've stayed in that campsite loads of times . 
  it 's great . ), 
  although , alsace has a lot going for it too . 
  lastly , in my residential country of the netherlands , the [ veluwe ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqrowbeoxgcwdtpyeijfoye54xm0h03m8f4tsigypmjmeywdoow_a ) is [ pretty ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctnb3tiob7asrunb_mkpvihdblhfuuvflgyx-scmnpx-yikphaz ) nice too . 
  whenever i say ` cheap ' i mean the stereotype of being tight with their money . 
  ** uk ** - scotland - alcoholics , fighters , ship builders , haggis hunters , whisky makers , cheap - northern ireland - singers , alcoholics , - wales - sheep shaggers , miners - northern england - cheap ( especially yorkshire ) , poor , miners , farmers , fond of cricket ( especially yorkshire , bah gum !, 
  ) , great football teams - south-east england - rich , posh , unconcerned about anything north of the watford gap - south-west england - farmers , my luverr - midlands - daft accents . 
  - london - busy , busy , busy , overpriced .
