  the politician that proposes a camp that concentrates immigrants commits political suicide . 
  however , judging by uk latest election results ( just by actual votes ) it could gain ground . 
  this worries me . 
  the party that proposes such a solution would be full of many other unfavourable ones, 
  from very small glasses . 
  i used to mock the size of your glasses , especially the fluitje . 
  but i have seen the beauty in a vaasje/amsterdammetje now . 
  however , it does make it difficult to keep track . 
  `` i have had . . er . . er ... fuck it . 
  lost count . 
  but when is someone ever bitten by an adder ? 
  however , i did once meet someone from buckinghamshire who had never heard of cumbria ... 
  gah i meant to put that in . 
  english . 
  i would argue the following , but it 's just my opinion . 
  southern europe - french/english central europe - german/english eastern europe - english/russian ( by eastern , i mean ukraine/belarus/russia ) americas - english/spanish africa - english/french asia - english edit : northern europe - english so you answer your question on central europe , german would certainly be more useful than french or spanish ( in my opinion ), 
  it 's all about oddly specific details that add nothing to the story . 
  like the time i saw cameron eating a sandwich and a mini can of diet fanta that he had taken the ring pull off, 
  they 're not . 
  is british the denonym for the uk ? 
  yes , so you could call people from ni british . 
  not from britain though , as that is a geographical area and is the mainland island containing scotland england and wales . 
  so to be technical , someone from islay , would also not be from britain . 
  `` like wine '', 
  because it means the exchanges will be regulated , which they are not now . 
  but yes , some have not been too happy . 
  norway have actually been highly involved in the development process of these rules . 
  as have the swiss . 
  this is because norway is highly integrated in the nordic electricity area ( whatever the geographical definitions , nordic is the term for the electricity region ) and switzerland is already highly interconnected with its neighbours so that is why they were invited to be involved . 
  other non-eu countries have been contacted for info and were also able to feed into consultations , but they have not been part of development groups /, 
  this is first of about 9 `` network codes '' that are being developed by transmission system operators with regulatory oversight and consultation with stakeholders throughout europe ( consumers , generators , distributors etc ) . 
  at my job we call them fly maybe . 
  always delayed, 
  got cut off . 
  the white key symbolises `` warm clothes required '', 
  my former housemate is maltese and an eu interpreter as he speaks english maltese and italian . 
  they may not have enough maltese interpreters though , which may still be a problem, 
  quite . 
  the lake district in england has `` no ground water '' , but as the name suggests , there is plenty of fresh water !, 
  oh , i did n't mean to imply that . 
  just that it 's quite a slow song !, 
  did n't know about the prayer though , so that makes sense . 
  i do find it quite a nice anthem though . 
  have you heard the hungarian national anthem ? 
  also i think the `` most depressing song '' is an hungarian song . 
  and pessimism is a national trait over there . 
  so is hungarian . 
  she carries the trait . 
  try pimms and ginger ale . 
  you 're welcome in advance . 
  wrote a paper on this once . 
  remember nothing . 
  but i enjoyed researching it . 
  i do n't know much about the battle but i find your comment interesting in comparison to the bbc caption on a photo yesterday `` wellington fully committed his troops , knowing prussia was coming to support . '', 
  i do n't know who to believe !, 
  but i 'm leaning towards you azertykeys, 
  yeah in belgium i 've only seen those prices in the eu quarter of brussels . 
  but you do n't really drink pints , do you ? 
  in a pub ? 
  i know the dutch do n't really , they will have their vaasjes/fluitjes/amsterdammertjes ( fluitje is the biggest rip-off : 2,20 $ for 200ml ! ), 
  what would the general price be in belgium ? 
  3.50 $ for a special beer ? 
  that would be the average , imo , in nl . 
  love bevog . 
  hf , not so much . 
  only stout i really like though is guinness . 
  the ipa and pale ale from bevog are sublime though !, 
  also , the eur-gbp exchange is n't great right now so that # 5 pint is around 7 $ . 
  i pay 4-5 $ for a pint in the east of the netherlands, 
  so just glancing at the summary : they are probably carcinogenic to humans . 
  what i 'm taking away : a lot more research needed to say for definite but there is a chance so tread with caution . 
  it wo n't change my eating habits , but i understand why one would take precautions, 
  wait . 
  are we talking about adolf , or david cameron ? 
  could you source this please ? 
  if a study claims as you say , i would be interested in reading it . 
  battle of sedan , obviously . 
  capture of napoleon iii , surrender of france , fall of second empire , end of franco prussian war , unification of germany . 
  his accent was unintelligible, 
  well i wo n't deny that !, 
  but i would say we are tied with germany and france for most powerful for various reasons . 
  i 'm from the north of england . 
  it does n't always rain . 
  it sometimes snows . 
  under what metric ? 
  mentioned it in limburg once . 
  oops, 
  but you would win uefa , another notch on your march to world domination that culminates in mark viduka becoming fifa president and granting three world cups in a row to australia !, 
  i love how your vote giver wore trintje 's original outfit . 
  i was n't a fan . 
  she looked like she was in a collapsing house and was screaming about it !, 
  i heard online a few times before and was n't a fan then either . 
  this will be followed by the socceroos joining uefa . 
  euro2020 for australia !, 
  still owe you six counties though ... 
  that reminds me of a video for the marshall plan . 
  the greek farmer had a goat . 
  but the goat would not work . 
  so the farmer got an american goat . 
  the american goat showed greek goat how to work and the two goats then worked together .
