  you said no britain , but i 'm going for this one anyway , since some people think he is american and he 's my hometown 's only claim to fame : stan laurel . 
  of laurel and hardy fame . 
  stan was born in england , but spent most of his youth growing up in scotland before moving to the states . 
   they are the antithesis of a reputable news outlet . 
  that just contradicts everything you said . 
  antithesis means opposite . 
  perhaps you meant epitome ? 
  iirc he thought the plane was going down so he was trying to climb , but far too sharply , stalling the plane . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not worried , personally . 
  but , you know how it is , sos worry . 
  especially when they hate flying !, 
  thanks for saying that . 
  i 'm flying germanwings next month . 
  my so is now not very happy about that . 
  german wings . 
  budget airline subsidiary of lufthansa, 
  0 degrees to fucking baltic, 
  thanks . 
  i knew they were pounds in ireland , and thought i had heard punts before , but i must be mis remembering . 
  punts only in relation to irish money , mind you . 
  in any case , thanks for setting me straight . 
  sure it probably cost your dad about 30 punts . 
  would have meant so much more to that man . 
  fracking in europe makes sense in poland where it will be a game changer . 
  anywhere else ( except maybe france ) it is not worthwhile . 
  it is too controversial and provides too many short-term answers that would only distract from finding longer term solutions . 
  www.travellerspoint.com . 
  lots more information for you here . 
  go to eger in hungary and go wine-tasting in the valley of the beautiful women . 
  screw rew hans brix !, 
  you rerry get on my nerves !, 
  at least they are getting the geographical proximity vaguely right . 
  i 've had english people ask me if i was american when i said i was from the lake district . 
  that said , and american also asked if cumbria is the country in south america ... 
  oh , i totally agree . 
  that 's why i said rule of thumb , because it isnt applicable to all cases . 
  it 's also why i said 4 languages , because generally those places are no-no 's . 
  when i go to hungary most places have english and german translations and for the most part they are fine . 
  i have a rule of thumb that if they have a `` tourist menu '' or a menu displayed in 4 languages , i will not eat there . 
  this worked in venice and in rome , where i had nice food at good prices . 
  got ripped off by a taxi driver in rome , but that was a different story . 
  your tip is also something i go by . 
  totally . 
  january 1960 , stockholm convention - efta is born . 
  july 1960 , britain : `` oh , erm . . efta was never a long term solution . 
  let 's try to join that eec club . '', 
  [ created to try to form a more practical basis to negotiate with the six ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1960/jul/25/european-trade#s5cv0627p0_19600725_hoc_382 ) but it really did n't work out like that . 
  we should probably get off reddit ... * keeps on scrolling * in all seriousness though , good luck to yourself as well !, 
  cheers . 
  due friday . 
  i have the fear . 
  interesting point , but there are some key differences : germany has undergone three major constitutional changes since then , whilst britain still , for all intents and purposes , operates along very similar lines today as it did in 1814 . 
  france has undergone even more constitutional changes in the same period . 
  however , i am not implying it . 
  i am assessing the attitudes of britain with each organisation using the case studies and critiquing them , not only on their own merits , but also comparatively . 
  one of the important i will be doing is highlighting the limitations of any claim i end up making . 
  i could very easily say : `` britain has always had the same foreign policy . 
  end of . '', 
  i would be wrong to do so . 
  not only is it too simple and i would fail , but it would also fail to take into account other factors , such as which party is in power , who are the individuals involved , what is happening in world at this moment , what is the economic situation . 
  in essence i can not prove exactly why cameron acted as he did , but if i can draw parallels , then it can give us a better understanding . 
  furthermore , the sources i am using are official government ( foreign office , cabinet ) and parliamentary sources ( hansard ) so one gets a primary source view on how government acted and why . 
  well you have to create a hypothesis and then seek to find evidence to prove or disprove it . 
  i 'm looking at it because there is the stereotype , as you put it , that britain is constantly at distance from the continent . 
  i am analysing the events surrounding the negotiations of the foundation of 3 organisations and two key events in another . 
  i chose to go so far back in history because the phrase `` splendid isolation '' , a term used to describe late 19th century british foreign policy , especially under disraeli . 
  i was wondering if it went back as far as the concert of europe , what was the attitude of the government going into the negotiations , how important of a role did individuals play etc. 
  bearing in mind that the concert of europe was before the reform act . 
  i should point out that i say organisation , i know the concert was n't an organisation as such , but institution does n't really cover it either , especially since i 'm looking at the league of nations , the commonwealth of nations , and the ecsc/eec . 
  i chose that date because it is when the congress of vienna first convened that led to the concert of europe , which is arguably the predecessor of the league of nations and therefore the united nations . 
  assessing britain 's attitudes to international organisations since 1814 to explain why we should n't be surprised over the ` veto ' used by cameron last december . 
  this will help my master 's thesis nicely . 
  thank you very much . 
  not wrong at all : even as late as the late 1970s australians considered themselves british , so i see no reason why you ca n't be european !, 
  i 'll admit i have stolen the phrase from works that focus on the thirty years ' war , and i do not have an exact source for you . 
  for works that cover this period very well i would recommend you to the works of jeremy black . 
  you are very correct that correlation does n't mean causality , and this is one of the main arguments against democratic peace theory ( democracies do not go to war with each other ) . 
  just because they have n't gone to war , it does not mean it is because they are democracies . 
  however , to return to your question , war often broke out in europe due to the balance of power , where countries would wage war as a way of containing another state . 
  `` war '' , to quote clausewitz , `` is the continuation of politics by other means . '', 
  it was seen as normal . 
  there are many works on the balance of power - schroeder , pollard to name two . 
  when peace came , it was never to be a permanent peace , only the end of that particular war . 
  the congress of vienna ( 1814-1815 ) and the resulting concert of europe in ( 1815-1913 ) was the first time that european powers tried to address this , with william pitt the younger 's proposal of a third party mediation to prevent two nations from going to war , but there were still wars during this period ( franco-prussian ; italian ; crimean ) and it failed to prevent the great war . 
  i realise that there are other factors behind western europe not going to war , and i acknowledged that in my original post . 
  yet , the great war was suppose to `` end all wars '' and we know how that turned out . 
  the coal and steel community was to firmly put an end to it by merging the two main industries that one needed to wage war . 
  there are other reasons of course , but this is certainly a large one . 
  i am british myself , and the greatest problem i find about us is a lack of education on the matter . 
  i do my best to convince people that the work the eu does is good , but with so many eu-sceptics , especially the tabloids , it makes it hard for people to believe me . 
  i wo n't lie , but democratic deficit is one of the major problems of the european union : a lot of people just do n't care and the turnout for european elections is shockingly low . 
  as for moving slower , britain proposed this way back in the 1950s as a counter to the the proposed schumann plan . 
  it was quickly dismissed by monnet and the other five original members of the ecsc . 
  why ? 
  he wanted a supranational body , not an intragovernmental one . 
  he saw this as the only way to prevent further wars between france and germany . 
  you create and economic union first , and the other forms of union will follow . 
  neo-functonalism is the theory behind this if you want to look it up . 
  another problem is that the commission is n't answerable to the parliament , but it should be .
