  soviet union launched rockets from kazakhstan . 
  i think russia still uses kazakhstan for its space programme ( not sure though ) . 
  kazakhstan is great for extreme sports like heli-biking ( jumping out of a helicopter on a mountain bike and cycling down it ) , or heli-skiing . 
  sports that involve jumping out of a helicopter , bascially . 
  most `` famous '' kazakh - borat . 
  rheged should be there . 
  it was the capital of cumbria !, 
  or the area now known as cumbria . 
  i 'm gone . 
  tu was n't it the seat of the high kings ? 
  ( or something like that ) . 
  i think op was going for the first city that could sort of be considered a capitol even if the nation state as we now know it did n't exist . 
  granted there were other chieftains around but it 's not the worst thing op could have put . 
  yeah , i second this . 
  thankfully the company i work for is uk based but i work in nl so i can either have the blue cable plugged and be subjected to my companies it policy and have to use ie , or plug it out and use wifi and forget about the it policy ( which also blocks all pictures , so using reddit kind of sucks ) . 
  also discovered it meant i could install chrome . 
  that was a good day . 
  the british council recently announced all employees have to use chrome cause ie poses a security threat . 
  my so is from there . 
  i love hungary for this . 
  fair comment , well made . 
  i agree this does n't have to be explicitly . 
  what about the whole scone with jam and cream debate ? 
  jam first or cream first ? 
  what / u/generalscruff said . 
  by taking the side you disagree with , you see how the other side thinks . 
  the purpose of this is when you are arguing for the side you do agree with , you understand the arguments of the opposition and therefore can be better prepared to counter them . 
  i met someone in australia who said she was from luxembourg . 
  i was delighted until she explained she was born in kendal . 
  few years later i did meet a luxembourger though . 
  sorry , what i meant was luxembourgish is germanic , but i had to finish typing quickly so i was n't able to expand on that . 
  luxembourg used to be one of the most fortified cities , but took down a lot of the fortifications when it became neutral prior to wwi . 
  after that did n't work out too well for them , they gave up being neutral and were a founding member of nato . 
  they recently beat northern ireland . 
  not sure what that says about either country 's football team . 
  a team from luxembourg knocked utrecht out of the europa league qualifiers this year . 
  cheap petrol . 
  language of luxembourgish is germanic . 
  that is how it is commonly used , yes but it can be used to mean currently and that is technically the most correct usage , but it 's weird to use it as such . 
  take the title love , actually . 
  i have always take . 
  this to mean current love . 
  not saying you 're wrong , as that is the most common usage , just saying that using it to mean current can be correct . 
  must be counting the researchers . 
  unless they are european penguins . 
  according to wiki , the train was a pendlino tilting train of czech railways . 
  the euro is ~ ~ widely accepted . ~ ~ the national currency . 
  was part of serbia and montenegro . 
  when that split one could no longer make s&m jokes . 
  referendum for split was incredibly close . 
  ~ ~ i think 51 % was needed for it to pass , and something like 51.2 % voted in favour . ~ ~ needed 55 % , it got 55.5 % . 
  thanks / u/al18bus i know next to nothing about montenegro is turns out . 
  capital is podgorica, 
  one could argue that about most of their succcessful teams !, 
  spoken like a true franconian . 
  love it . 
  i am now going to go back to nursing my schlenkerla hangover . 
  nothing : we 're perfect . 
  is n't that the first rule of laying mines ? 
  write down where you put them so you do n't step on them . 
  the argentines handed over their mine info after the falklands war so that they could be removed . 
  the americans had a killer time there . 
  op will there for 10 days * in four months * . 
  those 4 locations are enough for 10 days . 
  normandy is amazing . 
  * * gets nostaligic * *, 
  they did . 
  it was a last resort . 
  they were in negotiations http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/q-a-1.1553277, 
  parce que * * takes deep meaningful drag of cigarette . 
  pause momentarily . 
  exhales . 
  leans in . 
  and that 's a movie . 
  my brother is an nchd in ireland and is striking today . 
  that 's why i posted . 
  i ca n't really comment on the uk . 
  i should know but i live in nl these days . 
  go to expat recruitment websites in nl and there are loads of it jobs . 
  one example www.undutchables.nl, 
  i second this . 
  also i went for a visit there once and they were explaining to me that they are focusing less of their efforts to recruiting inside the netherlands as there simply is n't the the same amount of people that they are looking for as there once was , so they focus their recruiting efforts elsewhere . 
  very multinational so of cause the de facto language was english . 
  [ no ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/working-hours-of-junior-doctors-unsustainable-1.1552144 ) they do not as far as i know . 
  they want a reduction to 24 hours . 
  there is no denying that and you are correct in that sentiment . 
  fosters , carling etc are crap . 
  stella in the uk just is n't the same as its belgian counter-part . 
  heck , kronenburg in the uk is crap compared to france somehow . 
  however , when i go back i drink ales , which are incredibly wide ranging and some bars ( of course it depends which brewery owns the pub etc ) will have great ales , but awful lagers . 
  in my hometown this is getting better , the main brewery ( robinsons ) has made its ales better and now serves carling ( i know , i know ) , carlsberg export , and veltins , the lattermost being the best . 
  so yeah , you 're right . 
  however when people think of british beer they think ales ( warm and flat !, 
  ( which is wrong !, 
  different story ) ) but when one thinks of american beer you think of poor imitations of german pils . 
  disclaimer : i 've never been to the states but i hear there are some fantastic beers in oregon and colorado . 
  - tony blair 's wife lost a big court case regarding who owns a house in the turkish part of cyprus . 
  - a cypriot told me that the troubles in cyprus regarding the division is basicially the fault of the british . 
  - awesome place to own in rome total war = monies !, 
  - british football players are being advised not to play for cypriot teams ( or other teams , such as in greece ) due to financial insecurities of some clubs .
