  edit : actually i think they were donkeys . 
  but that is not just limited to low-cost airlines . 
  i always fly klm and i have been diverted from schiphol to maastricht several times `` to refuel '' . 
  once i was even diverted to frankfurt , but that was because of snow , so fair enough . 
  i was also once diverted from london city to stansted , again because of low fuel and congestion at lcy . 
  there are reasons why flights would be diverted : weather , congestion , accident at the original airport , technical problems with the plane . 
  low-cost airlines may push to meet the minimum legal requirements , but meeting the minimum legal requirement is still meeting that requirement , so imo you are being a bit unfair . 
  from time to time they have to land in a field ? 
  what ? 
  when has that ever happened ? 
  i 'm sure it probably has happened , but you make it sound like it 's a common occurance and i have never heard of it happening . 
  and i fly a lot !, 
  furthermore , planes do n't just carry enough to reach their destination . 
  i 'm sure they would love to as a cost reduction method , but they have to carry [ `` alternative destination fuel '' ] ( http://caa.bg/upload/docs/annex_6_edto.pdf ) ( pdf ), 
  these days maybe . 
  but i highly doubt on cask : it has a short shelf life . 
  the salt house in galway will be a good shout . 
  ok answer this : how the duck do you travel from slovenia to hungary without a car ?? 
  i 've looked many times and the best i could find is via vienna !!, 
  i mean you guys built a railway from budapest to trieste for pete sake !, 
  i know two world wars and the whole communism thing happened , but come on !, 
  ahem . 
  so yeah , any ideas ? 
  if you go to galway they have some great beers that were just coming to the fore as i left . 
  however galway hooker is a personal favourite . 
  it 's the name of a traditional fishing boat . 
  relevant https://youtu.be/tkbvdh7my9q, 
  ahh . 
  thank you france for my mum , and thank you ireland for my dad . 
  thank you england for raising me , and the best friends a man could have . 
  thank you belgium for good beer , thank you hungary for my wife . 
  thank you netherlands as well , for that is where i live my life . 
  thank you germany and italy for your fierce sporting rivalry thank you nordic countries too for your gas , vodka , and ol . 
  i thank all of you the same but we are too many each to name . 
  we are all unique , but not too different as we share in peace our continent . 
  * i do n't write poetry very often , so be nice . 
  langos is hungary . 
  with sour cream and cheese . 
  unicum in hungary ( similar in taste to jaegermeister but more bitter ) turo rudi in hungary . 
  chocolate bar with a quark ( sweet cheese curd ) filling . 
  only get the original : red polka dot wrapping . 
  https://bostonmeetsbudapest.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/turo-rudi.jpg hungarian wine : bull 's blood - very full bodied red . 
  egri bikav\u00e9r in hungarian . 
  tokaj - sweet white wine . 
  very well known . 
  the wine from the vill\u00e1ny region of hungary , near the serbian border is also excellent . 
  highly recommend . 
  also , the ruin bars of budapest . 
  you get beer there , but they are cool . 
  can also get reasonably priced food at them . 
  soproni is probably my favourite hungarian beer . 
  last year was the first year , but down the rabbithole was great !, 
  my so ( hungarian , but grew up in nl ) used to love it , but now it 's flooded with dutchies every year she ca n't stand it !, 
  i have personally never been , but i have heard good things ( except from my so and you dutchies ) . 
  this is brilliant . 
  i am currently surrounded by dutchies !, 
  mainly because my parents are being a pain in the butt , especially on the guest list . 
  if it was in hu , i would n't have to suffer them !, 
  would be cheaper too, 
  i 'm marrying an hungarian in 6 weeks in england . 
  i have one regret : should be getting married in hungary, 
  or , independent states . 
  seems to be all the race these days, 
  the imf is a legal loan shark . 
  my so is hungarian and she is the most pessimistic person i 've met !, 
  still love her though . 
  counters my blind optimism nicely . 
  as a french irishman ( yes , i know the flair is confusing ) , i did n't know how to feel !, 
  except in the rugby this year . 
  always ireland . 
  i would be annoyed , but not for any global reason : the submarines are built in barrow-in-furness , near where i live and is a major employer . 
  no nuclear programme would rid the town and the area of a major employer in a highly skilled industry . 
  if it left , it would be very difficult to get it back or to replace it . 
  teach me not to properly read things . 
  i think it is . 
  i have been duped :(, 
  huh . 
  i just copied the link a friend of mine posted . 
  so i went to the press release website . 
  i think i 've been april fooled ... 
  live in the netherlands . 
  we get bbc1 and 2 as standard , and if you want to pay extra you can get bbc 3 , 4 , and hd , too . 
  someone explained it to me once on reddit , but i do n't know how to search through my own comments, 
  my mate has a finnish fianc\u00e9e and i went to visit them . 
  i asked `` how many kisses to you do in finland ? '', 
  she looked at me with a dead-pan face and said `` none . '', 
  white walkers . 
  they are dormant , for now . 
  but soon , they shall rise and take over our lands with their alcohol fuelled rule and flat-pack governments . 
  i think it 's mocking `` allahu akbar '', 
   0 % input into how those regulations are written depends on the level . 
  take the development of the energy union and the single european electricity market . 
  both statnett and swissgrid are part of the development of the regulations to create this single market and they do take an active role . 
  of course , once the regulation reaches the commission and the ministries begin debating it , then they do n't have any official input , but they can observe some meetings , but no seat at the table . 
  once it gets to the european parliament , then they have no say at all . 
  i can only speak for the electricity sector . 
  but your point still stands and if the uk left , which i do not want to happen , then , yes , we would have no official input , unless we happen to get invited . 
  aww man , i was going to say italian too , but [ because of this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/passportporn/comments/2zgwpp/entering_visa_of_the_principality_of_seborga/ ) , which is the inside of an italian passport ( and op speaks italian . ), 
  beat me to it . 
  good job .
