  why be rude on purpose ? 
  either you 're not telling the whole story or you just took incompetence for rudeness , as bazillions of foreigners do . 
  i guess i can extrapolate from exchanging messages with you that all catalans are prejudiced and unreasonable . 
  says the guy who apparently took the time to meet 2 millions of parisians to hate each of them personally . 
   yuropoors get so butthurt and angry we can not have constructive discussions due to their shit banter handling skills . 
  so you 're saying everybody has issues with your humour but you , yet it 's still the others ' fault . 
  how * incredibly * british :d, 
   basically i shop for my homeware and kitchen equipment in john lewis because i 'm a middle class tart . 
  people who go to m&s are usually in tracksuits and people who go to house of fraser have a bit too much money . 
  i do n't see what this has to do with us being `` unable to handle department store banter '' . 
  must be british humour going over my head . 
   everything has top bantz attached to it in this country . 
  europeans do n't understand . 
  you ca n't always hide behind the banter excuse every time you want to be a douche to someone . 
  this lewis guy did n't hide though , at least he 's an honest douche . 
   i hate parisians maybe if you 're not an asshole from the start they wo n't be assholes to you . . just saying . 
   department store banter what the hell is that now . 
  you 're sure you 're not making it up as you go ? 
  you must be new here . 
  some british here have a real hard on for this battle , as if it 's the ultimate argument winner against us . 
  `` yeah well agincourt so you suck , deal with it '' . 
  zaz is `` generally known '' ? 
  i did n't even know she was famous outside france . 
  tbh i think je veux is cheesy and unoriginal . 
  yup , you got it : saying anything positive about us is a good one too . 
  i too used to believe he says that ( and really it would have been funnier this way ) but he actually says `` fetchez la vache '' , which is franglais ( fetch the cow ), 
  we 're a contentious people alright . 
  oh i see , that 's how it 's gon na be huh ? 
  trying to remove baguette and \u00d6sterreich to add kebab instead ? 
  not on mon watch , no sir !, 
  so `` no rain '' is absolutely out of the question , i take it ? 
  you and us both . . that just ai n't cool . 
  what are labour 's half truths, 
  he 's probably using the good old apologist defense : '' well huh ... you 're taking that out of context , you see it does n't apply in my case because ... something . . '', 
   hey at least our intentions were clear . 
  you asked for military access and then attacked because dark parts of your history are less bad if you 're an asshole upfront . . seems to me asking for military access and then attacking is just smart strategy , you mad ? 
  banter aside , what i tried to convey is that i really do n't appreciate the `` you `` s and `` we `` s said about and by people who had nothing to do with anything . 
   the normans and french were often at odds rather the normans and other duchies/provinces making up the same country . 
  they were french too , a duchy within the kingdom . 
   france has never successfully invaded the uk . 
  the normans invaded england you 're right but i want to add that the normans were still a french faction ( as opposed to the entire kingdom of france ) . 
  it needs to be said because as you can see in previous comments , some people consider them to be not french and that is like saying `` the welsh are not british '' . 
  we will apologise if you say sorry for all the american natives `` you '' killed . 
  no , assimilated . 
  not so many actual vikings settled in normandy and they quickly mingled with the locals . 
  while we are at it , do n't think the legion is full of criminals ( anymore ) who fled the justice of their country because they do background checks on everyone . 
  i think they still allow petty offenders but murderers/rapists and all are right out . 
  members are to provide [ aid and assistance by all the means in their powers ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/glossary/mutual_defence_en.htm ) and it 's a binding obligation on all members . 
  not to mention nato , whose membership covers pretty much anyone within reach of russia except ukraine ( we saw how that turned out ) , finland and sweden ( covered by eu ) , and belarus , which i 'm pretty sure would courteously bend over should a russian boot touch its ground . 
  according to op 's very article there is n't even that much pressure . 
  all i read is that ** one conservative newspaper ** published a pressuring editorial and ran a controversial poll . 
  they even add the paper 's own journalists criticised the ineptitude of the poll . 
   the russians would be destroyed in any war with europe key word being europe . 
  eu treaties have a clause of mutual assistance . 
  if they touch estonia in the east , everyone from finland to portugal comes knocking . 
  even without numbing , a shot to the head means instant death . 
  still better . 
  ok , you win . 
   it is provable that halal actually is one of the more humane ways to kill the animals what the hell ? 
  i 've heard that it 's unnecessarily cruel actually . 
  is n't halal killing cutting the throat and letting the animal bleed to death ? 
  how is that `` more humane '' than a shot to the head after being stunned ? 
  you talk like someone high on edl nonsense . 
  france is neither a southern nor a northern country , but a hybrid, 
   nothing against turkey yeah , you * do * have something against turkey . 
  the turkish citizens do n't even care about it anyway . 
   so do you support the independence of scotland , catalonia and bavaria ? 
  do you support the independence of brittany ? 
  i support holding independance referendums like scotland 's if the people involved shows decent support for it . 
  which is the case in scotland and catalonia only . 
   and how are these movements non-existent ? 
  in brittany and bavaria ? 
  because they do n't have a damn ounce of popular support . 
   scotland just had a referendum , catalonia is going to have one * obviously * i did n't mean scotland and catalonia , i 'm not stupid . 
   political parties that stand for breton and bavarian independence exist . 
  that does n't mean shit . 
  i can create a political party for the independance of paris and be the only member if i want to . 
  do i get to claim legitimacy for parisians even if no one cares about my cause ? 
  if you look closely you will find miniscule independance parties in every single region of europe , their existence alone is n't enough to claim there is a `` movement '' . 
  do n't distort reality to make a point . 
   people will happily support the independence of a region in another country , but will not support the independence of a region of their own country . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  and mentioning virtually non-existent independance movements in the process . 
  you go to great lengths ... what i said applies when you speak to random people in street who have somewhere to go or just do n't want to talk . 
  if you go to a busy pub and tell people you 're a foreigner trying to practice they are usually all over you . 
  time and place matter . 
  what ? 
  has this ever been a `` misconception '' about portugal ? 
  conversly , if you speak to us in french and we reply in english , it 's not that we do n't appreciate the effort or that we 're offended that you 're making mistakes . 
  it 's just that your french is n't good enough for conversation , and if we do n't switch to english , either you will never get an answer to your questions or it will take forever , both of which we would rather avoid . 
  still , by all means keep trying . 
  even if you just say `` bonjour '' before asking your question in english it 's a nice gesture . 
  no ... because they 're like , uh ... not connected to the mainland , you see ? 
  at least there is no `` passive obesity '' . 
  nooooo not wallonia !, 
  it would ruin our fine hexagonal shape on maps !, 
  there is also [ jean bart ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_bart ) , a dutch privateer from dunkirk who served france , he allegedly captured about 380 ships . 
  the 2017 election is really shaping up to be giant douche vs turd sandwich . 
  ice is melting at the p\u00f8lse :d i 've listened carefully but i still do n't get what this last word is supposed to be . 
  otherwise , i think telling people to show the necessary carrots is pretty solid advice .
