  anyone can pretend to be a tough guy on reddit but who will actually get up and berate a stranger for this ? 
  those that play classical music and spray your ass ? 
  i 'm disappointed we do n't get to say `` first '' . 
  switzerland and san marino are real hipsters , never became a monarchy because it was too mainstream . 
  israel being part of eurovision does n't make it european . 
  it 's the middle east . 
  yes !, 
  and plenty more reasons . 
  i could see myself living there . 
   `` we do not interfere with people 's lifestyles ''  the presenter got fired `` not interfering '' , i do n't think it means what they think it means ... 
  france , same here too, 
  i think the `` kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 '' sketch applies too . 
  edit : i 'm dumb ... it 's a norwegian sketch ... 
  it 's still funny and related to denmark so i 'll leave it here :d, 
  `` key '' election ... yeah right , brignoles is just some province town with 15 000 inhabitants . 
  we ca n't really open a poll like that for only a few people , you will have to wait for the next one when we hit 40 000 or 50 000 subscribers, 
  i consider it a badge of honor that you say it this way ... 
  it means `` i know this is not a polite way of speaking but i need to be blunt '', 
  best korea requesting to become the 51st state ... 
  wat ... what 's the logic here ? 
  and a douche , but i hear it 's common in great football players, 
  because that has worked so well for them recently ... you ca n't possibly be saying they 're in a better situation than the uk . 
  uk going full usa, 
   i need money and something to do do n't we all , do n't we all ... 
  it seems especially ridiculous when you 're applying for a student/summer job that will last 2 months , but no , they still want to hear your life story and expectations for the next 5 years . 
  well , your cash ... and id ... and most likely phone :d, 
  i hate it so much when they 're like `` we 're jews , something something holocaust you ca n't disagree with us or you 're racist '' . 
  pussies hiding behind this same worthless argument whenever they have no legitimate claim . 
  you do n't cut off parts of people 's bodies like primitive barbarians , unless they want you to !, 
  well , would you rather prefer surprise vikings or suprise anschluss ? 
  i know i 'd like a change . 
  i do n't know , i know a lot about europes and this guy sounds sketchy . 
  source : my dad gave me 3 europes for my birthday, 
  yup , but we passed this law ... 
  you obviously have n't experienced the delicate smell of a ... mature ... camembert, 
  right behind you with baguette-launcher squadrons and camembert bombers, 
  he 's not entirely wrong , there is no denying it . 
  although i probably would n't have chosen this tone to get the point across . 
  what you did there ... 
  i see it, 
  why did you do it ? 
  what did you like best/worst ? 
  how did you caught on french during your time there , what is left of it now ? 
  hardest part of legionnaire life ? 
  any good barracks story ? 
  would you recommend it to your friends ( jk ) ? 
  that 'll be all , i do n't want this to turn into an improvised ama, 
  that 's a great idea , but it seems to me they 're selling `` printed '' images of stamps ? 
  it would be better with actual stamps stuck on a surface, 
   blowing smoke up your own elven asses easy there , gimli . 
  yes yes , come to the european side ... on an unrelated note i would be curious to know more about your past as a legionnaire . 
  not too many of you guys on reddit . 
  to this day i still do n't know how to decompose the word ( hi-ther-to ? 
  hit-her-to ? ), 
  or pronounce it ... or what it means for that matters, 
  using be + ing as opposed to the verbal base is often tricky for me , i get it right most times but there are cases where i constantly hesitate . 
  also verbs with prepositions i never know where to place in the sentence , and little words like `` hitherto '' that are not intuitive at all . 
  on the other hand , pretty much anyone will tell you that english in contrast to their 1st language is a huge step back in matter of difficulty . 
  grammar mostly , but also orthograph and vocabulary . 
  it 's especially true for me as a french , considering my language 's influence is very visible in many places . 
  swedish police so meta . 
  or they are so bored with too little crime that they have to make use of their time somehow, 
  he 's going into [ spaaaaaaaaaaace ] ( http://theflickcast.com/wp-content/uploads//skyrim-space-core-banner.jpg ), 
  i know this . 
  the point is that in france , as in many countries , the word has a very negative connotation and people just ca n't help make the connection . 
  the only occasions we hear about jihad is when terrorists are on the news !, 
  giving this name to a child is inconsiderate because all his life people will make a double take when they hear his name , he will most likely be bullied in school . 
  so yes , it 's child abuse . 
  a good parallel is how the swastika was a completely innocent symbol until the nazis ruined it . 
  now you ca n't see a swastika and not think `` nazi '' , it does n't matter what it originally means . 
  i ca n't make it any clearer , if you do n't understand it now you 're a hopeless idealist . 
  be serious a little , there is little doubt what she was thinking of with the `` i 'm a bomb '' t shirt . 
  in addition to this , the back of his t shirt says `` jihad ( by the way , naming a child that is child abuse for me ) , born on the september 11th '' . 
  that 's a `` rub it in your face '' kind of provocation if i 've ever seen one . 
  i remember when this catchphrase was super popular here , good times ... 
  ` nuff said, 
  i 'm in canada on a huge university campus , and i really miss eating `` healthy '' food everyday . 
  everything available on campus is a variation of fast food , and i do n't have access to a kitchen so i am forced to eat there ... 
  i also miss prices with tax included , i will never understand how not showing them is a good idea ( yes i 've heard about states applying their own tax , i still think it 's stupid ) . 
  what i do n't miss : euros !, 
  there is something quite cool about saying `` here 's 5 dollars '' like in the movies . 
  and the canadian bills are neat , i find ours boring in comparison . 
  look , the point of this * war * was to keep control of algeria by defeating the rebels who wanted independance for their country , it was never to kill everyone there !, 
  algeria was considered a part of france so of course the government then did n't just let it go without a fight . 
  if you do n't understand that you 're an idiot . 
   france was committing genocide in algeria lolno , it was a war . 
   last i checked france is busy seeking compensation from algeria for the property the french lost there waht ... 
  i do n't even . . also , contrary to your little government which keeps saying `` was n't me , did n't do anything '' , nobody in france denies the massacres that happened in algeria . 
  we 're big boys , we do n't hide , i for example am not ashamed at all to admit what my country did because i had nothing to do with it . 
  you probably do n't have anything to do with the armenian genocide either so grow up a little and just admit what your country did ... what do you care ? 
  what 's so bad about admitting past mistakes ? 
  it 's comments like yours that make me keep thinking turkey has nothing to do among us . 
  for now at least . 
  it 's good that you citizens of the 3rd french empire decided to adopt french . 
  after all these sad attempts to improve in english we can finally stop trying !, 
  like we 're the only ones . 
  actually it was one of the rare topics they all agreed on . 
  christian , muslim and even jewish ministers demonstrated united in bigotry during the protests , such a beautiful image . 
  it was the perfect moment for a group slap , but i guess we secular people are too tolerant for that ... 
  thank you very much for an unexpected twist-witty comment,
