   if immigration happens in smaller numbers then it poses little or no problems whatsoever i agree too . 
  surprising huh ? 
  if you did n't wrongly extrapolate my opinion you would see this point ( as several of the things you believe ) is n't incompatible with it . 
   if your idea of a multi-cultural society is one of division , ghettos and poverty again , never said that . 
  but what 's another strawman in your haystack of a comment . 
   grow up , would you seems you have more growing up to do than me . 
   the us can not be related to france regarding immigration i think it can , and that i framed the comparison appropriately . 
  it 's definitely better than your comparison with freaking china at least . 
   france is only cosmopolitan when it comes to dealing with other european nations . 
  i do n't even understand what you mean by that , but i would probably disagree anyway . 
   barely speaks french but fluent in arabic without fail ... this is the part where i know you 're full of shit and have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  leave serious discussions to the grownups . 
  what does this have to do with identity ? 
  nothing . 
  these guys are just brainless idiots from the ghetto who have fun by destroying things , feeling french or not does n't come into play . 
  many of the cars they ruin belong to people from their neighborhoods , other black and arab people who did n't ask shit to anyone . 
  before you try to bring up identity again , i want you to think about the preposterousness of hood rats carefully selecting their targets like `` what 's the identity of this car ? 
  it 's french , torch this fucking thing !, 
  that will send a message to the white people who definitely own it , even we have no way to know that !, 
  what about this one ? 
  ah , arab car , this one 's clear . '', 
  in what part of the world is `` car-burning '' cultural , you genius ? 
  this bullshit that happens every year is the handywork of young , poor and uneducated morons who have fun by destroying things . 
  they do n't need to feel french or not to be like that . 
  with that comment you 're showing you do n't know much about france at all , and i 'm very sad that you got so many upvotes , the number of ignorants who talk out of their ass is too damn high . 
  the hypothesis you describe is not comparable to our situation . 
  china is not a cosmopolitan place , while france has been for quite some time now . 
  we have people of `` native '' french origin , other europeans , asians , blacks , arabs ... but let 's focus on this last group for the sake of the argument . 
  first of all , there is no language issue because most of them are like 2nd or 3rd gen and grew up with french everywhere ; if anything it 's probably their arabic skills that are lacking . 
  secondly , living mostly among your own minority is not ideal but not a strict obstacle to integration . 
  thirdly , why the hell do you even bring up food choices ... not only is that not a serious issue , but if you really think all arabs in france eat couscous and drink tea every day you are severely deluded . 
  finally : if their ethnicity is the reason why they are overrepresented among the car-burning criminals , how do you explain the tons of them who do no such thing and who are just trying to make an honest living like the rest of us ? 
  you ca n't , but you 're a racist idiot so that probably wo n't stop you . 
  if you were right it would mean that any and all immigration is bound to fail and that people are unconditionnally incapable of integrating somewhere different from their ethnic origin . 
  and we know that 's not true . 
  i 'd like to see you go to a ghetto in detroit and tell the locals they will never be real americans just because they 're poor black people living with other poor black people . 
  what do you mean `` home country '' ? 
  most of the dumbshits who do that were born and bred here . 
  they probably figured that snails do n't taste good and that what people actually like is the garlic butter . 
  who was this observer ? 
  did they actually say that publicly ? 
  i 'm not sure about the examples provided at question 21 . 
  you qualify us democrats as close to the british labour party and more left wing than `` centrist '' parties such as the lib-dems and cdu , when all i 've ever heard is that the usa does n't even have a proper left wing to speak of by european standards . 
  same here . 
  if possible , question 16 should not appear at all if respondents select `` not applicable '' ; or at least it should not be mandatory . 
  felt bad when i had to go back and check `` do n't know '' everywhere ... way to rub it in , damn internet survey . 
  judging by the planned route , only the last 2 countries ( turkey and syria ) look seriously dangerous . 
  before that serbia and macedonia sound a bit sketchy to me , but not so much that it would be too unsafe to travel by foot , especially if she 's supposed to meet temporary companions all along the way . 
  still stupid of her to be heading * towards * a war zone full of the craziest terrorists we 've ever seen . 
  i 'd like to see the actual study on which the 80 % claim is based . 
  i tried ( admittedly not very hard ) to google it without success , it 's all news articles from jewish or israeli news outlets quoting it . 
  it 's true you do n't see many portuguese women . 
  and in fact , they are so alike in voice and appearance , that they are often mistaken for men . 
  and this in turn has given rise to the belief that there are no portuguese women , and that portuguese people just spring out of holes in the ground !, 
  we were just going to watch it for you bro , and return it later , maybe ... 
   anyway my point is that you grossely underestimate the amount of alsatian speakers by saying only people over 80 speak it . 
  he said `` german speakers '' . 
  german is not alsatian , check your imperialism bro, 
  shhhh is ok ... 
  there is no debate here . 
  back off the cheese or you 're gon ' get cut . 
  i ca n't see the republic taking norn iron seriously , unless they have at least a class two relic . 
  you are dead to us now , until you see the light . 
  these ruffians would n't know what to do with it . 
  if we must be occupied , i demand that the italians take over . 
  on second thoughts , maybe not ... 
  i welcome our swiss overlords , the italians can help though . 
  the rest of y' all , keep your grubby hands off our culinary heritage . 
  to the terrorists currently occupying the southwestern regions : you are doomed . 
  no amount of foreign imperialist interference will save your cause . 
  lay down your arms and allow the evacuation buses to proceed , or bombings will resume . 
  this thread is really stroking my ego . 
  thanks for giving love to brittany ( french britain best britain ) even though it is pretty much the opposite of this post :d it 's worth visiting for the beautiful coastal landcapes alone , but the food and strong regional identity are nothing to scoff at either . 
  hello , i represent the pain au chocolat front against chocolatines ( pacfc ) , yes i know we need to work on a snappier name . 
  we have experience in dealing with food rebels in our country . 
  who do i talk to about setting up a cooperation ? 
  there are racists everywhere . 
  they just were n't as vocal before , or you did n't notice them . 
   i do n't care about who gets which votes you should , because it says something about what the community is like and that adresses your concern . 
  i do n't understand why you choose to remember the hateful minority over the tolerant majority . 
  if we downvote racist comments we 're cattle , but if we vote them to the top we 're racist too i guess . 
  we can never do good according to you . 
   desperate to cream yourself over anything pertaining to `` diversity '' and all that pish . 
  quite racist of you to assume that , i did n't write anything to suggest i cared about this particular aspect of her . 
  truth is i get annoyed every year , no matter what the winning miss looks like , when someone inevitably says `` bad choice , i see prettier ones every day '' yeah well they should have ran for miss , tough shit . 
   she is average looking , 6/10 pretty much bang smack on . 
  evidently at least a few people thought otherwise . 
  are you at all familiar with the concept of opinions ? 
  there are always tons like you . 
  the point is not to proclaim her the most beautiful in the world , never has been . 
  she just won out of the 30 who entered the contest . 
  the fact they got downvoted to oblivion proves / r/europe * is * better than that , quit whining . 
   declaring war on stuff ( including a specific way of warfare aka terrorism ) is not always such a great idea . 
  bush it 's not , but i think the current conflict is not comparable with the bullshit wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  when it was just assad repressing his own people , we ( the west ) were criticised for allowing it to happen . 
  then we jumped in by supporting the rebels , some of them turned jihadists , is grew out of this clusterfuck , and then we got blamed again for intervening in the first place . 
  even though anyone with a brain would agree that is could n't be allowed to do their thing . 
  we can never win with the bloody middle east . 
  we are to blame no matter what . 
  you should have said that first , your original argument holds no weight at all .
