  quick 'n simple , financing available in 10 easy payments . 
  i knew it !, 
  she 's been replaced by the crab people , has n't she ? 
  forgive me but this comment is so out of this world to us . 
  let me tell you this : gun ownership may work in the us for historical reasons , but it does n't belong in europe so do n't waste your time arguing for it . 
  gun-free societies is one of the best things we have and we surely wo n't give it up to be like the us . 
  i would n't say fashionable but it 's common for sure . 
  at least most of the smokers i know have stopped using the braindead excuse `` got ta die one day lulz '' and are instead admitting that they 're in too deep to stop now . 
  all this shit with russia almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter . 
  because if your government found out a foreign power managed to break into highest-level coms , they would do absolutely nothing to stop the leak . 
  i know you guys need to make fun of us at least twice a day to survive , but this time please use logic instead . 
  london has what i like in paris : lots of culture and history , cool street names , the general feeling of an old european capital . 
  even i a ( royal ) baby-eating republican can enjoy the queen 's guards in silly hats . 
  so yeah like paris except with more silly hats and a cleaner subway . 
  also pubs every 20 m , which is nice . 
  and manky hookers in the alcoves . 
   i do n't trust the french to be really interested in stopping these people from sneaking into the uk if that was the case , we would put them on boats ourselves and wish them well on their way to be somebody else 's problem . 
  if we just let them through like you seem to believe , they would n't need to build camps in anticipation for failed attemps to cross , nor would they regularly [ clash with police ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmsvgx4si0i ) . 
  i 'm sure they are , but unless you make that a week 's worth of pastries and wine i think tourists from any country would jump at your throat for making them waste 5 hours and having the nerve to tell them you were at lunch ... simple business advice . 
  you guys are cute, 
  ok so is there a country , * any country * , where people do n't think we 're obnoxious assholes ? 
  i can empathise with the americans in terms of getting so much shit from every direction . 
  also , not german and i 'm going to sound salty as fuck but this ...  they arrive in the hotel at 8.50 am ( the hotel only opens at 9am ) . 
  at 9.15 am someone opens the gate of the hotel but says : `` i do n't have access to the rooms ... you have to wait for the owner , i 'm sorry '' . 
  finally at 11.30 am the owner arrives just to say : `` sorry , i forgot the key for your room ... 5 minutes and i 'm back , really sorry '' . 
  he 's back at 2pm and says : `` sorry , my wife had the lunch already made ... '' and gives a box to the german tourists at the same time he says : `` take this , my wife made some cod fish pastries ( pasteis de bacalhau ) ... and here 's a good wine '' . 
  in the end , the wine and the food compensate all the time they had to wait dude , it 's more like they 're too appalled at the appalling customer service and disrespectful behavior to say something . 
  5 hours delay compensated with fish pastries and wine , sure buddy . 
  nobody is zen enough to put up with that except buddhist monks . 
  thank god this paragraph is an exaggeration . 
  you know , i understand why that is . 
  if ice-dispenser fridges were more common in europe we would be using them all the goddamn time just for fun , then we 'd have to find a use for all the ice . 
  americans are strangely obsessed about putting ice in every drink . 
  how can you not see the blatant trolling . 
  even the worst shills are not so obvious . 
  it 's a coping mechanism , a bit fucked up but [ it happens ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sy8efdt.jpg ) . 
  it 's hard to understand from our point of view , but they 're at war in their own country ; who knows how they feel . 
  reddit is n't a unified entity , it is what users make of it and there are many people here . 
  some choose to pick a side . 
  they ca n't or wo n't do enough , so we either help or prepare our anus . 
  sticking our head in the sand does n't make problems go away . 
   guys , everything is not a dildo even if you are brave enough not with that attitude !, 
  i 'll take it, 
  a guy i know keeps saying `` woddafuck ! '', 
  with a terrible accent , inbetween regular french sentences . 
  i think he wants to look and sound californian , but really he just sounds fucking stupid and i want to slap some sense into him . 
  is there a word for a weeaboo but with america ? 
  because this guy is it . 
  certainly not uncommon for mr le pen senior : http://www.france24.com/en/20150428-france-le-pen-secret-swiss-account-mediapart, 
  it 's probably just another alias for the infamous hacker 4chan . 
  maybe he 's just really `` into '' blacksmithing . 
  people have masturbated to worse . 
  not really , i was only 10 when we started using euro coins and bills so i did n't have to handle money that much in the first place , no reason to get attached . 
  even older people do n't seem to care that much , i ca n't remember the last time i saw my grandparents convert a sum back into francs to visualise it better . 
  well if you do 10 km by bike ( 20 assuming round trip ) everytime you want to eat an \u00e9clair , i guess you do n't have to worry about calories . 
  at least make that 2 \u00e9clairs , you deserve it . 
  yes , it would be time for new republic . 
  but changing government is not as fun since we ca n't use the guillotine anymore . 
  sold !, 
  now to get the ep and ec to draft a couple dozen directives and other legal documents about it , not to mention exemptions for bulgaria and san marino ( because why the fuck not ) and we should have a good ole european bureaucratic mumbo jumbo in no time !, 
  this is going to be * fun * !, 
  [ super green ! ], 
  ( http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/305337/ruby_rod.jpg ), 
  may i interest you in our royal-removal services ? 
  quick , * cutting-edge * yet simple , and ~ ~ family-friendly ~ ~ quality entertainment for mature audiences !, 
  i bet if we could convince you to think of 1 $ as 3,762 yards of a pound sterling ( or some other nonsensical unit ) you 'd warm up to the euro !, 
  you 're not , i myself had no clue about this coin and , while i was n't that upset by the belgian one , i did n't think it was in great taste on their part to celebrate this kind of event . 
  after seeing this i started laughing uncontrollably and thought `` guys , we 're screwed , now it 's time to lie down and take the beating . '', 
  so , have at it xd, 
  your request has been acknowledged , please hold . 
  your freedom ^ ^ tm is important to us . 
  a representative will be with you shortly . 
  brussels sprout are belgium 's actual revenge for napoleon . 
  if only we knew what unholy retaliation they would unleash on the world ... 
  judging by the number of people who go there only to stock up on cigarettes , i would say they at least get a bit of popularity in the southwest so yeah good contender for least hated country . 
  haha that 's retarded :d `` your highness , we have had a referendum on democracy and the people have spoken : we want to strip you from your right to veto referendums . 
  do you agree to that ? '', 
  '' no ... '' `` well that 's a bummer . 
  we tried , guys . '', 
  i know a certain king that needs guillotining !, 
  the liechtenstein-ians ( ? ), 
  have gone soft . 
  i would say that too , mostly because people forget it even exists, 
  what is there to love about regular bashing from your major media outlets ? 
  as if not enough people shit on us already . 
  meanwhile in france , no british bashing at all . 
  or when there is it 's about eu stuff and stays within european average . 
  wait , now you edited your previous comment and made our exchange look completely different . 
  if you 're aware of his opinions and trolling , and that you disagree with it , why would you want someone like that as a moderator ? 
  that 's like saying a racist guy should be given a chance to become a cop . 
  no , he absolutely should not , because as a representative of authority he 's supposed to be reasonably unbiased and to treat everyone the same , which he has shown he ca n't do since he 's racist . 
  it does , thank you . 
  i personally did n't attribute any opinion to / r/serbia as a whole , i just wanted to point out how it reflected on them that the one person to specifically distance himself from the letter had to be a serbian . 
  for the sake of / r/serbia you should n't have gone out of your way like that , but what 's done is done . 
  there is no neutrality possible here . 
  either you acknowledge the genocide apologist or you admit you support him . 
  it 's a damn shame that you had / r/serbia singled out in the letter as `` non-signatory '' . 
  think of how bad it looks considering we 're discussing an apologist of serbian war criminals . 
  if you condemn it then go ahead and say it , if you support it then go ahead and say it but stop hiding behind `` neutrality '' . 
  so far your lack of a direct answer looks like a good indication of what you really think .
