  it 's probably tricky to create a balanced quizz , because if you stay away from mega popular places to avoid making it too easy , you end up with places people are n't likely to know if they do n't live there . 
  for example i do n't remember seeing much of riga , zagreb or hamburg on the internet, 
  this is way too hard . . the most i can do is guess the country . 
  being happy for someone else 's problems , classy . 
  he 's on maximum derp mode, 
  says the chinese . 
  happy austerity !, 
  now that 's just slanderous . 
  they 're only brutal if you 're black , or arab . 
  or a gypsy . 
   perhaps the `` french arrogance '' is just an image or a misinterpretation of behavior or something . 
  foreigners , no need to tell you from where , come to france ( paris mostly , i 've heard rather good things on the rest of the country while parisians are literally hitler ) expecting to get some customer service from random people like they 're in a store . 
  in reality paris is like any other big city , and you will meet characters as random as in london or ny . 
  the problem is the americans think it 's cool to hate on us for some reason , so they jump on the bandwagon every chance they get . 
  and the british too , at this point they do n't even need reasons to criticize us . 
  latest proof of that [ here ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2013/05/blogs/graphic-detail/20131130_wom111_0.png ) , as seen on this very subreddit . 
  they name us `` most arrogant '' and `` least trustworthy '' ... really ? 
  spain , italy , and of course greece are going to shit but noooooo it has to be the french we ca n't trust . 
  those damn frogs , they really ca n't do anything right . 
  i 'm only on holidays for a few weeks , not trying to start a smuggling ring !, 
  i do n't want to go out of state just for this , i 'm very satisfied with what i find here . 
  the base price is already lower , the exchange rate is in my favor , and if i manage to find items on sale it 's triple combo . 
  self haters and apologetics . 
  it evens out . 
  i like [ these guys ] ( http://www.greece-tours.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/evzones-changing-of-the-guard.jpg ) better . 
  the combination of ballet tutu , white stockings , black tassels and silly walk is absolutely deadly . 
  you have no idea ... 
  it must be exceptionally challenging to take a piss with a morningwood . 
  by the ( hilarious ) look of it , dogecoin is actually proving to be a good value for now . 
  nothing to worry about , i 'm mostly after brand shoes and jeans . 
  there are some mad savings to be made , the markup in europe is crazy on these items . 
  currently in the us , time to hit up the mall !, 
  let 's watch rugby instead . 
  why not just ask for something you need ? 
  well either one is deadlier than the other and one side would eventually eliminate or submit the other , or they both possess an equal lethal power and we would mutually destruct each other , leaving both countries deserted . 
  lol !, 
  tell this to people from qu\u00e9bec , belgium and switzerland , not to mention all the former african colonies . 
  i 'm sure their reaction will be fun . 
  that 's dovah . 
   if his demand had been made official , mollet would have been brought to trial for high treason yup , that 's what would have happened . 
  and rightly so . 
   company property they brought here . 
  so , nothing ? 
  i actually just watched sicko by michael moore , there is this part in a british hospital . 
  at the end of it he says `` obviously i 'm the butt of a joke here '' , as we see a montage of employees and patients of the hospital laughing at the idea of paying for care . 
  why , why does everyone hates parisians even more than the rest of our country ? 
  really i just do n't get it . 
  there are rude parisians and nice parisians , just like everywhere . 
  the variety of people you can meet in paris is typically the same as in any large city , it could be london , new york , rome . 
  but no , parisians in particular are litterally the scum of the earth . 
  it 's like a by-product of the french stereotype of rudeness that 's too far gone , now no one is capable of going against it . 
  sometimes people will say `` actually the french are n't quite the demon spawns i was told they were '' , which is rare enough on the internet , but no one ever defends the parisians . 
  so here goes for them . 
  disclaimer : i am not parisian . 
  shhh do n't disturb the legion circlejerk . 
  by reddit consensus , the legion actually makes up the entire french army and they are the only ones to ever take part in operations . 
  we even pinky swear . 
  you sound like my mom so i instinctively want to do the exact opposite of what you say ... but the adult part of me reluctantly agrees . 
  i lol 'd at `` fatican '' . 
  it 's true that these archbishops probably do n't do much of their days , apart from discussing of god and stuff . 
  also the typical welsh disinterest for vowels is present but not that much . 
  when i lived in a flatshare in italy i needed around 100 $ per month , i was quite conservative . 
  restaurants with friends sometimes . 
  currently living on a canadian campus where i have no kitchen , so i 'm forced to use a meal plan with the local food outlets and i hate it . 
  i also go to restaurants a couple times a month . 
   cook yourself yes , almost all the time when i 'm not home ( where mom is cook in chief ) . 
  i do try to eat healthy as much as i can , even if i do n't do much apart from vegetable salads . 
   ready-made stuff i avoid it , although i often have one ready-to-eat meal or a frozen pizza in the fridge , for the inevitable times when i am too lazy to cook  cultivating your own food we had a few salads and strawberries , not anymore ; we 're currently trying to grow tomatoes but failing miserably . 
  we also have 2 hazel trees , not sure if it counts since they do n't require maintenance , but we harvest hazelnuts every year . 
   organic/ethical food yes it does matter to me . 
  though when i live alone i have to avoid it because it 's more expensive and i 'm broke , but when we go grocery shopping in family we try to go for these as much as possible unless we do n't like how they taste . 
  not vegetarian , roasted chicken is wayyyyy too good . 
  i 'm chickentarian . 
   food fact about me when i eat crackers or very salty stuff in general , my cheeks get red and hot . 
  it 's a weird allergy , without any consequence besides that , so i do n't really care . 
  i love crackers . 
  say no more !, 
  grhuepen, 
  we found a language where portugal is not portugal !, 
  go fuck yourself , mike rogers . 
  now i want snowden to speak just to spite the other asshole . 
  google translate =  `` pool '' ? 
  that ca n't be right , there must be a kinkier meaning to this . 
  come on , we 're waiting edit : dude you have to tell us things like that . 
  we must know . 
  also if we were shocked to see the word `` penis '' on the internet , i do n't think we would be on reddit at all . 
  it sounds like some exotic disease . . 
  special offer !, 
  all country names get 2 vowels for the price of one !, 
  actually i think it sounds cool . 
  it could be a first name for a girl or something, 
  got ta stick it to the western devils . 
  you know we do , you damn eurosceptic rosbif < 3, 
   we just gagged the christian ones yes , that 's the point . 
  that 's why we do n't need to speak about them anymore . 
  we need to focus on those who wo n't shut up . 
  what kind of a sociopath are you ? 
  on one side we have malian civillians and on the other side we have militias that want to force their outlandish lifestyle on everyone , and that do n't hesitate to cut hands or shoot people to get what they want . 
  who are the bad guys ? 
   do you really foresee a future where africans are landing at marseilles ?
