  not everyone is crazy about regional identity you know . 
  honestly these both look pretty bad ... blood sausage , really ? 
  and these fries all soggy and flaccid ? 
  rafaele , what a sophisticated name for a plane :d, 
  french brest is best brest !, 
  to be honest it 's easy to forget about kaliningrad , but it 's certainly not an excuse for a legitimate news agency . 
  lol , i must have missed the part where `` jew '' is a slur . 
  it is literally the name for followers of their religion , maybe in your weird world it has a different meaning ? 
  as for the rest , as self respecting barbarian i can have no other answer than oogabooga !, 
   there 's a slur , victim blaming , calling them `` bronze age barbarians . '', 
  i 'm not sure how you could get much more anti-semitic without bringing up ovens and hitler . 
  a slur ? 
  where ? 
  victim blaming ? 
  but that 's a fact . 
  jews play the good ol' `` antisemitism '' card whenever they feel like it , even in completely unrelated situations . 
  and the `` bronze-age barbarians '' was in reference to stoning , because if i think circumcision is crap i certainly do n't think it 's as bad as stoning . 
  by the way , you 've dodged my point about how our banning of stoning could be labeled an anti-christian thing since it is in the bible . 
  bah , if you 're going to call me antisemitic , at least be inclusive and call me anti religious altogether !, 
  jews certainly do n't deserve the entirety of my criticism . 
   it is not disfiguring uh yeah , it is . 
  a penis is supposed to have skin on it . 
  it 's like a finger without nail . 
  `` minor '' , not too damaging , but in no world with a sense of reality will it be normal . 
   back up your arguments with some data . 
  if not i 'm done responding i guess we 're done here then . 
  keep your retardation in america and watch as even americans gradually abandon circumcision . 
  will you get it through your thick skull that i am not anti semitic ? 
  what i am is anti nonsense , and circumcision is nonsense . 
   how low the complication rates are , the non-existent serious side effects . 
  no reduction in performance like i said , very nice . 
  but ...  minor health benefits that are at best so minor they 're not worth it , at worst complete bullshit . 
  seriously , of all developed countries only americans eat this shit up , and they are made fun of because of it . 
  if circumcision was as worth it as you think it is , do n't you think the practice would be widespread in more first world countries ? 
  i am more enclined to believe that it was popularised in america by bible-thumpers who did n't want boys to experience satanic masturbation , and they made up all these studies to support their claim . 
   still think it 's mutilation pick up a dictionary . 
  definition of mutilation : `` to make imperfect by excising or altering parts '' . 
  i did n't make this up . 
   it 's not disfiguring . 
  there 's no permanent damage possibly the stupidest thing you 've said this whole argument . 
  do you really need me to define what `` permanent '' means ? 
  or do you have the ability to grow skin , because if you do you need your own tv show . 
  you 'd make millions . 
   there are n't millions of kids growing up hating their parents for maiming them of course not , since they 're taught it 's a normal thing to do from the beginning . 
  and it 's done when they 're babies , so they conveniently ca n't say no and forget the pain growing up . 
  it 's very telling that they have to do this to people when they 're incapable of refusing , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't have the numbers on adult circumcision without religious motive , but i would guess it 's quite negligible . 
  because adults know better than to have a doctor take a blade to their junk . 
   it 's just a routine elective procedure there yes , i 'm sure the babies give consent and are totally willing . 
   as it should be . 
  completely agree . 
  for adults . 
  hahaha that voice saying `` j\u00e4vlarrrrr j\u00e4vlarrrrr '' :d of course the danes had to be responsible for this devious sabotage !, 
  this pilot must be cursed for crashing twice , or is he blessed for making it alive both times ? 
  ah , the much discussed gripen . 
  on reddit i 've only ever read that these planes are flying piles of junk , but is it true or do we just have a large number of chair force `` experts '' here ? 
   that 's not racially motivated whatsoever !, 
  exactly . 
  many people in the us who are not jews still get circumcised , either because they 've been fed the bullshit health benefits of the operation , or because `` it 's always been done '' and they do n't know any better . 
  in fact i think these people are even more retarded , since they have no religious motivation to do it , unlike jews who apparently think god is pleased when they slice their penises . 
  what a strange fetish . 
  actually , how stupid is that even from a religious viewpoint ? 
  `` i am god . 
  i made your body this way because it is my will and i had entire control of your creation . 
  now you will cut this one part that i put there myself , because uh ... something ... ( i ca n't say i enjoy the sound of babies suffering , can i ? 
  yeah . 
  point is , you really have to be a jew or misguided to think circumcision is a good thing . 
  if you 're an american jew , double whammy for your penis !, 
   which has been found entirely safe by all scientific studies that 's nice . 
  you know what else has been found about circumcision ? 
  it is entirely fucking useless except for rare medical occurences , like phimosis . 
  the research was conducted by every uncut man ever since the beginning of time . 
  if you 'll look at societies where circumcision is not widely practiced ( which is most countries really ) , you will find that no , we are not riddled with foreskin cancer epidemics . 
  if you want data to back up this claim , you 've got some walking sources all over the planet who live perfectly healthy with the cap on their pen . 
  so , if i 'm right in guessing you are a jew , you people need to quit acting like victims . 
  the bible says we should stone to death adulterers and blasphemers , yet we do n't do that , because we are n't bronze age barbarians anymore . 
  is anyone crying `` boo hoo anti christian '' ? 
  we want to ban this because it is mutilation and not considerate for the child 's rights upon their own body . 
  when you 're a responsible adult you 're free to castrate yourself and eat your balls if you want to , but you do n't do that to a baby . 
   edit : way to just downvote a valid argument . 
  your argument is terrible and the downvotes well deserved . 
  this has nothing to do with the jews , it 's about ending a retarded and barbaric practice . 
   people do n't live in desserts any more you say that because you have n't tried living in a chocolate mousse !, 
  but yeah i agree with you about the dick cutting nonsense . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  calm your downvotes , i meant poland . 
  i thought it was funny that these results came up about the two countries who were supposed to help them during the war, 
  yeah , right . 
  i 'm not with the murican dude but this is a bit of an overstatement . 
  they 're having riots because their gorvernment is going all muslim fundie , that 's not really a sign of stability . 
  i had no idea there was significant ecuadorian immigration to spain . 
  why do they bother making this trip when the us are so much closer ? 
  uk : `` why did n't you help ? '', 
  france : `` why did you lose ? '', 
  someone 's holding a grudge ... 
  it 's pretty hilarious : `` it 's the fault of the americans and germans '' , `` russia is doing crimea a favor '' , `` it 's our fault for provoking russia with nato bases at its borders '' . 
  with a flair and a speech like yours , you will surely understand that we take your words with a grain of salt . . by the way , why not proudly display the flag of your new russian overlords ? 
   actual holocaust survivors took offense to it . 
  or they saw an opportunity to sue for money . 
  america has taught them well .
