  cool , it can be our little guessing game after every public declaration : who did trump talk to last ? 
  wasting is bad . 
  go for it . 
  fyi french cuisine uses both . 
  it 's up to you to discover our olive oil side . 
  ** triggered !, 
  ** the real answer is that they were not french when they settled in normandy in 911 . 
  however , they most definitely were by the time hastings happened 150 years later . 
  quit the jingoism mate . 
  i can understand people who like salmon pizza even if i do n't , but the smell is horrendous . 
  do you sleep all night and work all day ? 
  these look legit enough , that said it 's still no excuse for malloch . 
   oh yea , no european politicians have compared trump to hitler right ? 
  i do n't know , that 's why i 'm asking you . 
  do you have examples and proofs ? 
  here 's a proof for the [ eu/ussr ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/02/european-union-trump-ambassador-ted-malloch-parliament ) thing . 
  and again , the issue here is that he 's an ambassador and not any politician . 
  adopting a diplomatic behavior is at the top of his job description and he 's shown he ca n't even do that , he 's a woefully ill advised pick for eu ambassador . 
  he compared us to the ussr for starters ... that 's bad enough . 
  and this guy was supposed to be the ambassador to the eu !, 
  it 's not unreasonable to expect a * diplomatic * envoy to refrain from insulting the place he 's being sent to . 
  but i 'm curious , what are you thinking of when you mention eu leaders insulting trump ? 
  maybe not immediately after . 
  she 's quite young and the seat would probably go to a more seasoned politician ; plus she 's even more extremist than marine , and a bible-thumper , which is n't good for the party 's attempt to normalise its image . 
  but at some point , definitely . 
  she has the right name and she looks like a younger version of her aunt ... too good for the fn to pass up . 
  haha , a politician going to jail , good one !, 
  i did n't think it needed to be said , but i 'm afraid we are not at icelandic levels of acountability . 
  you forget denmark is in schengen , that 's a big one . 
  but above all i think it 's because denmark has generally been less against the flow , or at least way less outspoken about it . 
  between the 2 , it 's the uk that is notorious for joining the eu reluctantly upon seeing it was working , but does n't really believe in the european project beyond mere trade . 
  regardless of how true that is . 
   if she does n't win the presidentials , she 's done the le pen are a political dynasty and fn is their kingdom . 
  she will rule for life , or until she starts going bonkers from old age like daddy . 
  a great moment of / r/europe history !, 
  you cheeky fuck . 
  how cool is it that these people get to live in medieval fortifications ? 
  the house on the left even has a full tower with battlements . 
  for what it 's worth i 'd still vote for this piece of shit fillon over le pen in the second round , that 's how much i hate her . 
  i imagine many people think the same . 
   considering the french put so much on workers ' right , it 's sad that the courtesy and tradition does n't extend to our people french companies are n't so benevolent because they 're french , they offer good protection because they have to comply with the law . 
  we forced them to . 
  like most companies in the world , if they can get away with worse conditions in other countries , they will . 
  that 's a badass name !, 
  getting to say the countdown is a real treat, 
   i 'm always amazed of how france and particulary paris tends to trigger and annoy a decent part of europeans you can add our entire country outside the greater paris area . 
  tons of french people hate on parisians and their perceived rudeness whenever they can . 
  ironic . 
  even better when they get upset at french stereotypes held by foreigners , but themselves do n't hesitate to spread the worst shit about paris . 
  probably my favorite so far !, 
  everyone should be a little nuts once in a while , 
  canada 's poutine will be catered to the participants . 
  if g\u00fclen has that kind of power , it 's probably not a good idea to piss him off . 
  the water is deep enough to allow jumps . 
  22m for the gutsy . 
  that 's really not 2 rounds though . 
  if you see it that way we could say we have `` 3 rounds '' since our largest parties also hold primaries . 
  why would russian tv lie about this particular thing though ? 
  it does n't particularly help their narrative . 
  that was actually also a russian assassination attempt , unfortunately it backfired as the lada kept working perfectly against all odds . 
  this first name is super weird for french speakers . 
  it litterally means `` good-looking/handsome '' . 
  even without putin , do you see russia going all euro-friendly anytime soon ? 
  the only hope i have for the near future is that their next tsar will be less good at being malevolent . 
  lol , not in a thousand years . 
  belarus is basically russia-lite , putin is never letting that go . 
  i 'm pretty sure san marino has n't . 
  it says it 's true in the name , what else do you need ? 
  you really think people would go on the internet and tell lies ? 
  what 's the igor dodon joke ? 
  wow , it seems he 's the vainest of them all . 
  we do have some pictures of mlp as jeanne d'arc going around on the internet , but i 'm pretty sure she did n't commission or advertise them officially . 
  it 's mexican water . 
  we need to watch out for them both at sea and on land , people forget mexico has colonised territories right up to our border . 
  thankfully we have the pyreneans , another natural wall against all these illegals . 
  hahaha , sure it is grandpa !, 
  ^ ^ call ^ ^ the ^ ^ veterans ^ ^ home , ^ ^ he ^ ^ escaped ^ ^ again !, 
  i doubt most french universities and colleges give a shit about spaces in punctuation , or if you use the `` correct '' kind of quotes anyway . 
  you 're a true bro . 
  i find it makes for less cluttered text so i like it our way . 
  he 's * legit * grabbing these women by the tits . 
  this guy might be trump 's spiritual leader . 
  we have the best natural dyke in the world . 
  it 's true , everybody is saying it . 
  and we made nature pay for it too , it was a fantastic winning deal . 
  with this dyke we stop all the illegal water from getting in . 
  turns out `` canada '' actually means `` fuck off you pale-faced prick '' , and the iroquois told european settlers it meant `` village '' for the lulz, 
  in a ~ ~ pizza place ~ ~ boulangerie . 
  how did that happen ? 
  it seems like such a peculiar thing to be shared between 2 countries who are neither neighbours nor culturally close . 
  all the brits getting drunk in european beach towns must be part of a revolutionary strategy , to create some sort of human-powered dark zone by jamming enemy radars all along the coast . 
  genius . 
  i 'm having fun picturing balkan people saying `` glory ! '', 
  at every occasion . 
  fran\u00e7ois hollande is an elusive character . 
  he 's nowhere and everywhere at the same time , including where he 's not supposed to be . 
  actually , look [ behind you ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gadgets/slideshows/295484/slide_295484_2408377_free.jpg ) right now . 
  i am shocked , shocked i say , to find that illegal parking is happening here !, 
  interesting to see it that way , but i do n't think it 's a risk . 
  in france you can practically run on a `` i 'm not le pen '' platform and win .
