  sue on which grounds ? 
  not renewing a license is not the same thing as terminating it before it ends . 
  tell me again how sheep 's bladders may be used in preventing earthquakes . 
  they have nothing on the welsh though, 
  do n't be smug about this , it 's not like you just came up with the idea . 
  besides i was talking about the feeling of the people towards the eu , not capability to leave . 
  it bothers me that you think we might leave a union our country contributed to form . 
  i do n't see it happening in spain or italy either . 
  you 're an idiot who missed my point and thinks he 's edgy . 
  but whatever , sure , call me anti gay and anti semite if you want . 
  maybe bureaucracy , it makes enacting new legislation a tedious process , especially when every country must have a referendum . 
  i doubt most of us care to be honest . 
  must be the government as usual . 
  they backed out of backing out . 
  always a pleasure , m. president . 
  opened from the side and gutted ... a pretty gruesome death indeed . 
  but you 're forgiven if you made a sandwich out of it . 
  there is no nobler purpose for a baguette . 
  besides you made me fucking hungry , thanks obama !, 
  at least it died honorably in slices like bread is supposed to . 
  seriously ? 
  of all german stereotypes , the one that bothers you most is `` drink beer '' ? 
   we eat , on average , unhealthily . 
  i 'll never get over fried pizza . 
  * fried . 
  pizza . 
  * it 's a pizza , that has been * fried * !, 
  i 'm getting diabetes just from reading these words !, 
  would n't stop me from trying though . 
  for science . 
  so what you 're saying is you do wear traditional attire casually , right ? 
  hey leave the baguettes out of this !, 
  they 're too innocent !, 
  from another comment of mine :  i do n't think there should n't be kids stories with homosexuals in them , just that making it the `` selling point '' of the book is a bad idea . 
  we should pass homosexuality as a normal everyday thing by treating it normally . 
  to me this book feels like a `` documentary about this cool new species called the gays , they 're not like us but they 're fun too ! '', 
  to sum up , gays in children stories yes , just not like this . 
  hollande has promised to commit specialists to help with the situation there , but really he sent a commando to look for the beanie . 
  if they find the girls by chance during their search , all the better . 
   everyone loves to annoy the french do n't they ? 
  no , it 's mostly brits and americans . 
  other people do it to suck up to the hivemind . 
  i 'm not on a crusade to stop french jokes , i just find it deplorable how lacking in substance they 've become . 
  `` france , lol '' , that 's what a joke is today . 
  humor is getting stupider every year . 
   i lost my beanie :'( that 's the true national tragedy right there . 
  zis shall bee ma\u00efe mission until zi end of ta\u00efme . 
  these days all you have to say is `` france sucks '' and everyone loves you . 
  this joke up here is about as imaginative as `` americans are stupid !, 
  right guys ? 
  upvote me now ? '', 
  what a bloody terrible joke . 
  it 's just sad that anything remotely critical of us will be upvoted even if it makes no sense whatsoever . 
   why should lgbt kids be left out of everything and be made to feel like unwelcome freaks because reading books about straight people will inevitably do that to a gay kid . 
  even if sexual orientation is not at all the central topic of the story . 
  look , i do n't think there should n't be kids stories with homosexuals in them , just that making it the `` selling point '' of the book is a bad idea . 
  we should pass homosexuality as a normal everyday thing by treating it normally . 
  to me this book feels like a `` documentary about this cool new species called the gays , they 're not like us but they 're fun too ! '', 
  to sum up , gays in children stories yes , just not like this . 
  `` gay fairy tales '' are seriously a thing ? 
  honestly i 'm a supporter of gay acceptance , but i think this is ridiculous . 
  kids do n't care about gay/straight and they should n't have to , they 're kids . 
  let them have their childhood in peace before they 're dragged into the debate and they have to pick a side . 
  i do n't agree with the ban either , for that matter . 
   there would be grave consequences for moldova if they signed with the eu . 
  this motherfucker behaves like a middle school bully . 
  now i wish moldova joins just to show him we can take a shit on what he says . 
  hahaha , this is too good . 
  also , sorry but you 're wrong . 
  i ca n't be a communist , mr putin says i am a gay eurofascist american bootlicker . 
  i think we can trust this nice man , he would n't lie about this , would he ? 
  ah , a parting downvote . 
  how nice , you should n't have !, 
  and much love to you on this europe day , bro !, 
  always a pleasure !, 
  i actually kinda agree with you on the smoking ban , even though i personally like it . 
  but it 's miles away from the topic here . 
  discriminating based on identity ( not on choice ) like this guy wants to do is racist and unacceptable if we want to function as a society . 
  you sound like an extreme libertarian and i think your idea on this question does n't belong in a civilised country . 
  absolutely i do . 
  i want the state to monitor discrimination and eliminate it where they find it . 
  fuck me for supporting equality and integration i guess . 
  it might be his property , but he chose to give up his rights to filtrate who can come in when he made it a public establishment . 
  the only thing he 's allowed to do is kick out unruly customers . 
  choose what , what is the bar and what is the home ? 
  the laws of your country do that . 
  it 's simple : the bar is the part of your property where you allow random strangers to sit and drink . 
  home is the part of your property where no one but your family and guests are allowed , and where you generally conduct activities such as ( but not limited to ) sleeping , store your clothes , books , etc. 
  any other questions ? 
  i honestly ca n't believe i have to explain this . 
   can you then choose who you let into your home or not ? 
  in that `` back room '' , yes . 
  it 's a home . 
  in the bar , no . 
  not a home . 
  as long as the customer is n't being disorderly , no they should n't . 
  `` speaking foreign '' is n't being disorderly . 
  this type of despicable shit undermines the very base of the society we 've been trying to build in europe since ww2 and it should be fought . 
   he should be able to have whatever rules he wants on his property and he can have that at his private domicile . 
  too bad his bar is a commercial establishment .
