  the formers have to obey or be alienated from their peers , the latters freely decide something for themselves ( even if they are vulnerable and easily manipulated ) . 
  and they 're about as wrong as the rest of the world is about france . 
  that is because the us is one country and the eu is 28 , getting them all to agree on something is hard . 
  and if you were thinking of saying `` but we 're 50 states '' , no , that is still not comparable . 
  you can not label it as `` france wanted to ... '' since that was not the case . 
  like i said : if the plan had been revealed , heads would have rolled . 
  conversely , it is not wrong to say `` the uk considers leaving the eu '' since the idea has been around for some time and has a decent amount of traction with the people , maybe even enough to make it happen for real . 
   france wanted to even join the commonwealth . 
  it 's a strange and quite interesting piece of history , but you 're not quite giving an accurate account of it . 
  it was mostly just the french prime minister who pushed for this , and he was completely delusional . 
  for example he did n't think the french would have a problem with accepting the british queen as head of state . 
  do you honestly believe that yourself ? 
  no record of the proposal exist in france and it only became known when the british side revealed their archives . 
  if pm mollet had gone public , you can be sure he would have been met by the most major backlash in a long time and forced to resign . 
  instead , the fact that his idea was silenced and even erased from official records shows how isolated he was with his plan . 
  leader worshipping , typical cult of personality . 
   it 's around 10 out of 820 seats that 's 10 too much . 
  i look forward to the day the bishops are completely removed from the house , it will be a great symbol for the uk, 
  the general was arrested for leading an unlawful rally and refusing to disperse when asked to by the police . 
  tell the whole truth . 
  they demolished about a third of the camp . 
  the containers can house about 1500 people , but migrants are wary of it because they think they might be stuck there . 
  also , this legal camp is very slow to process people ( 50-100 people per day i think ) so it 's not great but it 's a start . 
  i do n't think the court has been involved at this point . 
  i do n't know what they would do with them either , they would probably refuse to tell where they come from to avoid ruining their chances to reach the uk . 
  he 's retired so i do n't think that applies . 
  he was n't among those with weapons , they arrested him as leader of the unlawful assembly, 
   you might find you like being ruled by the germans do n't you like it too ? 
  i thought your royal family was german :d, 
  [ pretty birdo ! ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/16l0u29zrjq?t=6m45s ), 
  it 's ok , every day is beer day . 
  so what you 're saying is , he 's juggling with data . 
  exactly how much pot did you smoke ? 
  how long have you been seeing numbers floating in front of your eyes ? 
  bankers are in it for the # # #, 
  in the end it 's rather good to be low on this ranking . 
   original is always better i would challenge this , the french version of south park is so much better than the original . 
  first there is no sync problem since it 's animated , but above all i find there is more diversity and more personality inserted into the characters by the french voice actors . 
   though french jews are likely way better off going to israel the us i guess , but i do n't understand why they go to israel . 
  to flee from antisemitism and terrorism ? 
  israel is surrounded by millions of muslims who hate jews/israelis and who do n't hesitate to stab people or fire rockets into cities when they get the chance . 
  do n't exaggerate . 
  for that kind of money you can buy at least 4 cigarettes in norway , that 's not insignificant !, 
  wiktionary is useful for etimology . 
  you 're almost assured to find info on words as common as house . 
  it 's kind of hitting me right now that we 're alone on this one , we are rarely so isolated linguistically in europe . 
  apparently maison comes from latin `` mansionem '' ( abode , home , dwelling ) . 
  it 's still sort of romance , i guess we were just too cool for casa . 
  the barbwire is a classy touch . 
  this does n't look so bad , it seems like pretty standard soviet block apartments . 
  minus the huge industrial smoking towers of course . 
   if you win the asylum agency is forced to decide within 3 months . 
  that does n't really seem enforceable . 
  3 months is already very long to wait while sitting on your ass ... and what happens if the agency still does n't decide in 3 months ? 
  they get sent another strongly worded letter to tell them `` hurry now for real this time '' ? 
  sorry , flew right past me . 
  i 'm too used to nitpicking over insignificant things . 
  careful now , them 's fighting words . 
  that 's a joke , fam, 
  right , i forgot about tibet and korea , but still . 
  mao 's policies were applied in his homeland too and primarily affected his people , most of the deaths he caused were chinese . 
  that 's why i see a difference with a colonial power implementing special laws in a conquered country to screw it over some more . 
  what 's your point , is what i said invalid because i did n't think of every little thing ? 
  most irish people are catholic and were affected by anti-catholic laws . 
  i guess the life of protestants did n't suck as much , since they were just irish instead of irish catholic ... so what ? 
   always rubbing it in that you can speak multiple languages fluently . 
  and you better get on that pronto , before zee germans get here . 
  or worse , us . 
  by the way , good edit you did there . 
  it 's nice that you 're helping foreigners talk english gooder in terms they can understand . 
  because he was n't an imperialist for one ... he did this shit in his own country . 
  he was an evil figure but he thought what he did would be best for his own people . 
  his goal was n't to siphon riches from china into foreign pockets . 
  is that so ? 
  and still , it does n't really wipe away all the '' you dare rebel ? 
  that 's a killin ' '' moments . 
  or we can take the example of the irish famine , partly caused by anti-catholic laws and ridiculous land distribution that kept the irish in poverty . 
  saying that these laws existed out of `` mere incompetence '' , just because their purpose was n't outright genocide , would be disingenuous ... 
  they still represented massive douchebaggery on the part of the uk . 
  i do n't want to single out the uk because all empires ( ours coming right behind ) in history probably did this at some point , but i think it 's too easy to claim incompetence to wipe away all the dirt . 
  https://youtu.be/yqhqnyhzc6q?t=57s come on man , `` wordsmithing '' ? 
  i thought something as outrageous as this would give away the joke . 
  for the record , i * can * talk english good . 
  i ca n't talk english good , what 's wrong with this wordsmithing ? 
  mao mostly got people killed because of his incompetence to run china , not out of genocidal crazyness . 
   may the meatballs stick in your throat and cause you to hurt your throat for a good five minutes yay for mildly inconveniencing punishments !, 
  if he 's smart , he already knows that he should leave his religion at the door when he takes a public office . 
  maybe the suicide vest was just to look more threatening and make sure he would be shot , who knows ? 
  way to stir shit up . 
  if this guy managed to convince enough people to be in this position , it must mean he has his shit relatively together regardless of beliefs , and i 'm quite sure / r/europe will see it that way too . 
  most people do n't care what another 's religion is as long as he 's reasonable . 
   you 're pretty quick to downvote there m8 not me . 
  i think this sub understands the difference between roma and romanian well enough by now . 
  so what was unclear about what i said ? 
  it depends . 
  sometimes i find them funny , other times i think they 're shit . 
  i suppose the roma were clearly identified as romanians , so we had a place to deport them to . 
  those in calais often dump their id to make it hard for authorities to find out where they come from . 
  i know we 're not doing enough to solve this , but it 's not comparable to the roma .
