  i did n't mean actual hate , like palestine vs israel . 
  this is a very real thing though . 
  if you think it 's not it 's because you have n't been paying attention or been on the receiving end . 
  it 's just a legacy from the age old franco-british rivalry that has spread in the british cultural sphere . 
  admittedly , nz and australia are have relatively little involvement in that . 
  the rugby thing came to my mind because it fits into this narrative . 
  i wish i could believe that but i do n't . 
  we are one of these countries the anglosphere loves to hate . 
  ca n't always hide behind humour when your jokes are rooted in something you actually believe to some degree . 
  to be fair , i 've been looking for this particular article unsuccessfully but i remember the comments from readers mostly criticised the writer for being an idiot while some agreed with his opinion . 
  you have to admit it fits into a narrative and it 's certainly not improving our reputation . 
  same as if we witnessed an american being ignorant about the world . 
  on the outside we can pretend `` we know better , not all americans are ignorant , those who generalise are the real idiots '' . 
  but deep down the feeling is `` haha , its funny because it 's an american that did it '' . 
  it contributes to maintaining a stereotype . 
  like he said , it is indeed part of french typography rules . 
  we also put a space before colons and semicolons . 
  i find it makes the writing more ventilated and comfortable to read . 
  i remember nz newspapers bringing that up in 2008 ( ? ), 
  when france was to face the all blacks in the rugby world cup , i could n't believe my eyes . 
  they were like `` come on boys , we need to beat the french . 
  they 're arrogant , they 're stupid and they smell , and remember : they 're the nation who sunk the rainbow warrior 30 years ago , so it 's definitely fine to blame it on the rugby team '' . 
  the media can be such shits sometimes . 
  you mean , yet another news story that makes us look like idiots ? 
  like that is unusual ? 
  in my opinion `` real '' hitchhiking is n't that widespread , i can count on my fingers the number of times i 've seen it . 
  blablacar is very different , it 's a regulated business . 
  there are official records of who drives who , where and when , plus there often is more than just one passenger so everyone can look after each other . 
   there are islamist feminists who veil heavily for the same reasons - to not be judged by their beauty ( or lack of it ) this does n't sound right . 
  is n't the reason for the veil to be `` modest '' and not draw men 's looks ? 
  a work of art . 
  have you considered a career in cheesy screenwriting ? 
  she was pretty bad , but it 's quite the overreaction to cancel the entire tour over this . 
   we do n't care at all about the `` rivalry '' except in sports where it does n't really matter . 
  i stand by this, 
  well the news are no joke , they have real effects on people and they keep negative stereotypes alive . 
  you keep reading how our economy is doomed , how we are anti-business or how we generally suck in the telegraph or guardian , and eventually the idea permeates . 
  we do n't do that . 
  it 's not so true anymore these days since the brexit referendum , but that 's an eu thing not just us . 
  it 's very one-sided too . 
  the brits ( or at least their news outlets ) are obsessed with us , meanwhile we do n't care at all about the `` rivalry '' except in sports where it does n't really matter . 
  like a separated couple , with one person still mad at their ex who moved on ages ago . 
  no one is better at being french than us , i can tell you that much . 
  the rest is trade secrets . 
  that 's why i said there is more to be done when it comes to keeping them in check where they are . 
  piss off , you 're not helping, 
  we do n't , that is why we try to monitor them and keep them in camps where they can be controlled . 
  there is more to be done in that regard too , but until we find a good solution to either grant asylum or deport them , i do n't see what other actions we can take . 
  there certainly is a lot to criticise about our government 's mismanagement of the crisis , but i 'm getting annoyed when i keep hearing `` just send them back '' . 
  what is `` where they come from '' ? 
  they do their best not to let that slip out , since they know it makes deportation harder . 
  we 're not going to torture the info out of them , are we ? 
   i wonder how we 'd feel about having french as the lingua franca instead of english and browsing r\u00e9ddit.com today :p a certain subreddit-that-shall-not-be-named already considered [ that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1so33h/to_late_for_contestfrance_correcting_history/ ) we sometimes call reddit `` jlailu '' in our ( jokingly ) obsessive struggle for the resistance to english encroachments in our beautiful and most purest language . 
  also `` line '' as in a dialogue, 
  france numba 8 , fuck you baby !, 
  it is pretty nice yeah . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  if you switched the location of europe with korea and japan , it would be them struggling with millions of migrants from africa and the middle east . 
  also , australia is isolated and much harder to reach by sea than europe . 
  i tend to agree . 
  how frequent is it that black brits die during arrest or custody ? 
  for france i ca n't think of any high profile case besides adama traor\u00e9 . 
  your trolling sucks . 
  i read this several times and i still ca n't understand how it relates to the discussion . 
  this is monumentally dumb . 
   no , not in france , something as it doesnt allow you to discriminate customers . 
  you did n't get my point , and yet it 's right here in the quote . 
   ** if someone rents his restaurant for one day and decides to stand at the door and only let inside non muslims , they can ** at this point the people who show up at the restaurant are no longer customers , they 're potential guests of the person who rented the restaurant for the day . 
  that person is free to let in whoever they want . 
   if you book something and say ( the community can come ) it is public , but only if you are not men nor women without burkini , it is not ok . 
  yes it is , legally at least . 
   the latter is no longer a private event , it is a public one in a booked place . 
  wrong again , it is your event . 
  if you rent a venue it is effectively yours to use as you please . 
  whether you have a list , or say everyone can come provided they follow such and such rules , makes no difference . 
  you ca n't change the legal aspect of venue bookings just because you do n't like how they 're used . 
  this is so stupid , i do n't even know how you thought it would be a good counterpoint . 
  if i rented a venue for a kkk style party where all black people had to strip naked and wear chains to attend , they would be doing that on their own free will . 
  it happens , but i doubt most of them are forced . 
  plus , like the other guy says , it may be a rare occasion for some of them who might not get out much so it 's a good thing . 
  why are dietary habits and clothing habits any different ? 
   this event will be interpreted as an indication that the muslim minority are not willing to integrate and adopt western/french values . 
  muslims do n't eat pork or drink alcohol . 
  are we going to say `` if you do n't drink or eat pork you ca n't be french '' ? 
  private venues , as in private businesses operating in regular conditions , ca n't discriminate ; though i 'm wondering how clubs can routinely have different prices for men and women , but that 's another story . 
  it 's not the case here . 
  the waterpark was privatised by an individual . 
  in this condition it 's more like the park operates according to that individual 's `` home rules '' . 
  that is why a restaurant owner on any given day ca n't say `` i do n't serve muslims '' , but that same restaurant owner in his home is allowed to say `` i do n't allow muslims inside my house '' . 
  if someone rents his restaurant for one day and decides to stand at the door and only let inside non muslims , they can . 
   this kind of shit is seen as a agression here . 
  people are fed up with those religious revendications . 
  i would agree , if they were asking for a burkini day to be held ( for free ) on the waterpark 's regular schedule . 
  but they 're not . 
  they paid to privatise the park for one day . 
  they get to define the dress code for that day because that 's how `` privatising '' works . 
  you have no argument . 
  this is the only reasonable opinion . 
  even with my strong dislike of islam i see no problem with this . 
  everyone who wants to post a '' muslims taking over '' comment , please consider reading the article before getting angry over nothing .
