  horse is simply not common or popular any more . 
  i meant in countries where it 's not present now . 
  it 's different from sweet maple syrup that most people can appreciate , it 's `` not mainstream '' . 
  in western europe it 's already kinda unusual/taboo to eat horse meat , so moose ... 
  all moose things i guess , like meat and stuff . 
  i would n't see it being very successful . 
  just stopping by to say you have a badass flag !, 
  best of luck for the elections . 
   the pair shouted `` free femen '' in reference to their fellow activists who have been locked up in tunisia for a similar semi-naked protest ... and hollande has what to do with that ? 
  i 'm not sure of the exact formulation , but i think our laws allow the use of `` disciplinary and measured force '' or something . 
  that probably covers slaps and spankings but nothing else . 
  honestly i think its fine to keep `` light '' punishments . 
  it should only happen exceptionally and in last resort , but sometimes kids are little shitheads . 
  source : i was a little shithead when i was younger . 
  reminiscent of the tiananmen tank man, 
  sweden is n't exactly what comes on top of my list when i think `` european regimes with fascist deviances '' ... 
  i laughed for real reading this title . 
  then i remembered the situation in turkey is no laughing matter . . 
  well that was quite a ... detailed answer !, 
  i still can not acknowledge the reasons why anyone would attack them . 
  they have no part in fights , they come when it 's over to pick up the pieces and help ... maybe i 'm just too nice . 
  are there even still serious `` eu talks '' going on ? 
  i 've heard the turks grew tired of being left waiting at the entrance , and that they lost interest in joining a union that does n't want them . 
  why would they attack the paramedics ? 
  even more so if they were relatives of one of the 2 guys involved , which the paramedics were coming to help ... 
  bitch please ... 
  this thing is such a failure . 
  it was supposed to fight piracy , the result is that 4 years after its creation there have been maybe a dozen of effective arrests ? 
  nobody stopped pirating because of it . 
  noir desir lead singer bertrand cantat [ murdered his girlfriend in vilnius ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/oct/03/bertrand-cantat-girlfriend-murder ) in 2003 . 
  apart from the location of the country and the name of its capital it 's the only thing i know ... oh yeah , and they kick ass at basketball for some reason . 
  has n't there been at least twice amas like this before ? 
   made our prime minister cry in the process dafuq ? 
  a british minister crying over france leaving ? 
  next you 're going to tell me that north korea is the beacon of tolerance and economic success of the free world ... also , i do n't think nato and eu are the same thing at all . 
  nato is basically a yank-led worldwide fighters guild ; eu is our own little european family , with common market and foreign cooperation and erasmus and stuff ... 
  so when people talk about leaving it hurts my feelings , ya know ? 
   we 're never actually going to leave , it 's just havin ' a giggle it 's true that you britons have a special sense of humor ... 
  also , maybe `` smiling '' is n't the most memorable about him ... 
  i did n't think of swedes as easily offended . 
  it seemed to me that as long as it 's legal no one gives a shit . 
  i am so pissed off at china for such despicable business practices . 
  everything your country does wrong they do it 10 times worse , and you ca n't say anything to them . 
  motherfucking crybabies . 
  they steal and counterfeit everything , sell their crap copies everywhere , they bring in as much as possible all the while locking down their country to outsiders , making it as hard as possible for foreign companies to enter their market and thrive above local companies . 
  it 's a one way relationship : they take everything they can but give as few as they can , and everytime they can stab you in the back they will . 
  that 's what they would do if they really wanted to hit us hard ... 
  i mean , how bad would it be if there was a ban on delicious chinese dumplings ? 
  yes , so it 's yet another reason not to single out breton in france . 
  i do n't see your point , i did n't even mention italy . 
  i do n't know how reliable thelocal.fr is , but if the story really is as told in the article i would say it 's a good thing racism from `` the other side '' is n't dismissed . 
  separating brittany from france is stupid . 
  firstly breton is just one among many regional languages in france so i do n't see why it 's the only one ( with basque ) to stand out ; and secondly , it 's a dying language spoken by a very small minority of ( mostly elderly ) bretons . 
  who all speak french primarily anyway . 
  edit : i also see brittany is the same color as wales . 
  i do n't see why , considering that , you know , breton and welsh are different languages ... which kinda is why they have different names . 
  crazy , right ? 
  edit2 : wtf , corsica with italian now ? 
  i do n't know what the author of this map was smoking , but i want some . 
  i do n't know what this chocolate thingy is , but i want it . 
  france is a somewhat unique case of mixed northern and southern influence . 
  it ca n't be pushed completely on either side, 
  too bad i do n't care for tennis , but upvote for the answer . 
  as a french living in a cave , what 's with all the tennis ? 
  you ca n't force people to not consume something even if it 's shit . 
  only religions stoop to such lows, 
  we do all this already . 
  people are too fucking stupid and still begin to smoke . 
  because they 're stupid . 
  i 'll never understand the logic behind smoking , apart from being young and/or stupid . 
  not actually banning anything , but making the product look as shitty as possible , that 's the way to go . 
  i thought the opposite , that people were talking about sending weapons but that no agreement could be found , so there would be no weapons sent . 
  anyway , still bad news . 
  i think it will come bite us in the ass . 
   islam will rise i do n't think so . 
  we made christianity shut up more or less everywhere in europe , it 's going to happen to islam too . 
  i thought the proposal had been shot down because countries could n't come to an agreement ? 
  this is bad news ... 
  i think assad is a piece of trash that deserves to die for what he does to his people , but the `` freedom fighters '' against him look like they will go full islamic-retard if they ever win . 
   2 ump senators who were campaigning against it `` accidently '' voted yes to the law [ relevant ] ( http://img4.hostingpics.net/pics/748269guaino.jpg ), 
  first :  once they are elected ** if . 
  ** second :  cop\u00e9 did state that they will review the gay marriage law yeah , right . 
  after 4 years , when the law has had time to sink in and be accepted by even more people than today ? 
  when the political context is completely different and new more important issues have appeared ? 
  good luck with that , cop\u00e9 . 
  i only hear about nz when it comes to rugby . 
  you know , when the all blacks are scheduled to play against france and their newspapers smear shit on us as much as they can ? 
  fun times . 
  i speak for myself but i 've never heard of this guy . 
  usually , people who matter in the country are known by everyone , even those like me who are bored to hell by politics . 
  this guy is a dumbass , i 'm sure even the rest of his party is n't stupid enough to say things like this . 
  that 's called r/polandball, 
  i already thinks it 's pretty damn low ... 
  i learnt british english at school ( notice the learnt , not learned ) , but it was quite a bit overshadowed by the massive amount of us english i got from the series , movies , musics , and reddit . 
  i 've never heard anyone calling us english `` american '' , as in `` this guy from ny speaks american '' . 
  whenever i heard it mentioned it was `` american english '', 
  philosophy has an official language ? 
  what a sucker . 
  good riddance in russia . 
  i wish he would go all the way and give up his french nationality .
