  the finnish market is miniscule . 
  german and italian are n't super widespread but it 's still 80 and 60 million people respectively in their home countries . 
  spanish and french are spoken by 470 and 274 million people !, 
  it 's simply a matter of big numbers here . 
  the larger the potential audience is the more profitable it is to dub , and the better the dubbing industry is . 
  of course terrible voice acting happens , but i have watched many blockbusters and shows with very good dubbing . 
  south park for example is way better in french , no matter how much i 'm told foreigners ca n't do better than the original creators of the show ... hell yeah they can . 
  edit : i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  what i said adds to the discussion and i justified it . 
  it saddens me when even compatriots jump on the paris hate bandwagon . 
  it reeks of `` hey i hate them too , we can be friends now you guys pls ? '', 
  no one can be angry at being called a smelly surrending monkey when they 're so quick to go lulz parisians are literally satan hitler . 
   way less idiots standing still on the left side of the escalator . 
  this is becoming less and less of a problem here . 
  speedy people like myself are stepping up for their rights to a free lane on escalators . 
  i do n't get it , would n't that make passing easier since by being sideways the guy before you frees up some space for you to go ? 
  that 's what i do when i 'm passing from behind someone who does n't realise they 're slow and take too much space . 
  anyways do n't be afraid to use a friendly elbow hug every other day , got ta teach them somehow . 
  this is an outrage !, 
  haha , should we be worried :d ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ seriously ^ ^ ^ ^ though, 
  they have some good discussions there sometimes . 
  but i rather agree , it can be very frustrating to read them if you 're not a muslim yourself . 
  1 time out of 2 i end up facepalming at how much they can act like sheep . 
  do n't do this , do n't ask why , god said so , do n't think , just obey . 
  it 's absolutely mind boggling and unlike anything i 've seen in other religions . 
  the average christian will try to come up with justifications if you question them , and many times these justifications will be bullshit , but at least they will try * something * . 
  muslims , nope , god said . 
  not an ounce of curiosity . 
  i think it 's one of the reasons why muslims tend to have trouble integrating in western societies , because islam is a `` non negotiable '' religion . 
  makes for a stronger belief system , i can see that being an advantage over the competing religions , but it also makes for more communautarism . 
  i have to post [ this ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=olq6kqtlyfk&amp;feature=youtu.be ) . 
  this video is so catchy i kinda feel i have to join the vdv now . 
  ramirez do everything, 
  you 're fucked up . 
  i do n't like illegal immigration and i wish we could send them back when they 're rescued at see , but you 're the next level of fucked up . 
  oh please . 
  this is about as misguided as the whole surrendering cowards bullshit . 
  snails and frogs are not popular foods by any means . 
  in fact the only times i hear about these is from foreigners who got it stuck into their heads that we eat this shit every day . 
  you aswered one comment too low, 
  but they caught me invadin ' * was n't me * and they saw me colonisin ' * was n't me * we even did it in their capital * was n't me * hiding it is not possible !, 
  cristiano [ telling it like it is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v9tqi1v.gif?noredirect ), 
  we still have a few countries to get through . 
  by the way , where is denmark 's version ? 
  how about you do it , get it out of the way :d, 
  so you think most people really are assholes who speak english but pretend not to because they want to mess with foreigners . 
  sorry but i doubt it , and i 'm from paris too . 
  french is still spoken by a great deal of people , and the fact that english has taken the first spot does n't mean all the other languages become suddenly useless . 
  in europe : yes germany is the top economy , so what ? 
  france is still the third , occasionally second . 
  if a foreigner wants to do business in france , are you still going to tell him to learn german or english ? 
  or maybe you 're going to realise that customers and local partners like to be addressed in their own language . 
  french is also spoken natively in belgium , switzerland and luxembourg . 
  third biggest language in the eu . 
  according to you , nobody should learn anything but english , german and spanish ; how retarded is that ? 
  there are many reasons to learn other languages . 
  culture , tourism , heritage , opening your mind , just for fun ... it 's not just about us french people being `` butthurt '' or `` irrelevant '' , your vision of foreign languages is deplorable and insulting to the billions of people in the world who speak anything not in your `` top 3 '' or whatever . 
  every language has a right to exist and to be learnt . 
  those like you with such a cold , dead way of reasoning would have every human in a uniform and speaking the one true language ^ ^ tm or some shit . 
   knowing the `` right guy '' will take you places . 
  this happens everywhere on earth , it 's not really a point of comparison . 
  what 's comparable is the level of shit on top of that . 
  i have n't heard of this confederation , but if it involves going to the bar then damn right i 'm supporting it . 
  what 's a `` croatia '' ? 
   why would any school teach french these days because french as a language is in a better situation than you know . 
  also , `` economic usefulness '' is fortunately not the only reason to learn a language . 
  i 'm happy most people do n't think like you , otherwise i would never have been able to learn italian in school . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or if you 're just extremely pragmatic to an absurd degree . 
   they do n't want to let you know they can if you think about this for a second , you will realise how stupid it is to assume that . 
  of course you will run into the occasional asshole who wants to mess with a foreigner , but for the most part no one is going to bother learning a language only to pretend they do n't speak it when it comes up . 
  because they like uncle vlad better, 
  fair enough, 
  ah , * blue steel * , always a classic . 
  it 's only my own guess , but i doubt all the `` why is x in the eu '' searches are meant in a `` they are too poor '' kind of way . 
  i see it as us being rather ignorant about smaller eu members and eastern europe in general , while we do n't lack coverage of our direct neighbours . 
  so when people come accross news concerning czechia or slovakia , they might go `` oh hey , they 're in the eu too ? 
  it must mean we 're friends , but i have n't got a clue what they 're like or what their involvement in the eu is '', 
  well these people on the internet could n't all be wrong , and you 're just one person . 
  it will take more than a single opposing opinion to convince me that russia is not in syria . 
  you should be happy , it 's a pretty tame search request compared to the other similar posts we have seen here ... 
  let me tell you about our lord and savior , eu christ . 
  we use navy blue , theirs is sky blue . 
  no quarrel there , you can easily tell them apart . 
   but to have it come from the french is a bit bizarre what comes from us ? 
  this map shows common chinese internet searches . 
  nooooo do n't ruin my unreasonable perception of an unattainable person !, 
   france steals uranium from africa i know french companies are involved in shady deals with african countries ( by the way , how about you post news articles to support your claim ) , it does n't mean i condone everything they do . 
  i was just making a joke . 
   call themselves heroes wtf does this mean , calls themselves heroes for stealing uranium ? 
  you do n't make sense . 
  plus , i do n't think any * reasonable * french person touts the good ol' days of colonialism . 
  we know what our ancestors did . 
   why is everyone hyping countries up which have dirt on their hands ? 
  because every country has dirt on their hands ( yes yours too ) , and not all citizens can be held personally responsible for the shit their government might have done . 
  go fight this war somewhere else . 
  * that 's marceau and paradis . 
  you get a pass for the missing \u00e9 . 
  and i do n't know , i do n't really follow the `` barely legal pop starlet '' musical scene . 
  but here is an [ aliz\u00e9e gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q80gxgb.gif ) for your viewing pleasure , the queen of them all , now well into legal territory ( 31 ) and smokin ' as always .
