  so you tryin to start some shit huh, 
  swimming naked with family somehow sounds worse than with strangers . 
  disneyland drags all the foreign tourists in paris and its surroundings ; it has a world class reputation and is family oriented . 
  ast\u00e9rix ca n't beat that , but i think it 's for the best . 
  families go to disneyland , have to sell a kidney to get in , can only afford to do 3 kiddie rides in the whole day due to huge lines , but in the end it 's an enchanting place for kids . 
  meanwhile , i pay less for the less crowded park with the real rides . 
  everyone wins !, 
  well not the parents i guess . 
  or else ... 
  i disagree , but still : if there was no ship , those at the bottom would have been steamrolled with no mercy , way earlier . 
  i would argue that without the wars , there would have been no collective will to work together , and i think no eu . 
  there would be no `` strong europe '' , only the few pre-war heavyweight countries each pulling in their own direction , still completely ignoring the smaller/poorer/less influential countries . 
  today we 're all in the same ship , and though it 's true that the top dogs still tend to dominate and steer the ship the way they like , it 's better than having no ship and leaving everyone in the water to fight for themselves . 
   nobody is holding a grudge ha !, 
  some of your compatriots are happy to bring it up to attack us , on this very website no less . 
  rare but it happens . 
  come on now , you know it 's not that simple . 
  nationalists have just as much the right to be there and tolerance is needed from both sides . 
  also there 's no such thing as southern ireland , it 's the republic of ireland . 
  it 's not that homegenous , is it ? 
  i think the nationalists would take exception to that . 
  like , the grey havens ? 
  you just called a norn ironer a `` true englishman '' . 
  you gon ' get cut, 
  wow , you seem super salty . 
  france did not `` import '' her and poland did n't kick her out either . 
  she came of her own free will , took french citisenship and hyphenated her name of her own free will . 
  she chose to have that dual identity herself . 
  we call her `` curie '' mostly out of convenience and habit , not out of a will to erase her polish origins , which everyone here knows about . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2004/04/03/news/globalist-the-republicans-barbjohn-kerry-looks-french.html a truly shining moment of american politics !, 
  yes , sorry but the sarcasm was n't apparent at all here . 
  and we 've had so many foreigners getting outraged when they found out about ch cartoons that your comment sounded all too familiar . 
  is there an english translation available ? 
  this is a satire of the imf 's actions in adressing the greek crisis , not to be understood as a literal `` fuck the greeks '' cartoon . 
  seriously , we 've been over this before . 
  by proper i meant `` official '' . 
  you implied it was a slang form , which it 's not, 
   `` afghan '' being perfectly fine that 's because it 's the only proper name for the people of afghanistan . 
  `` afghani '' is the name of their currency , but for some reason no one seems to get it right . 
  they appear to have reached handshake equilibrium , that 's at least one thing donny has improved . 
  this bothers me . 
  why is `` brit '' ok but not `` jap '' ? 
  they 're the same . 
  it 's not even an insult , only a shortened form . 
  yeah , it trickles down right into the pockets of bankers and traders, 
  the french ones are all good . 
  although i 've never heard `` to pedal in sauerkraut '' , rather `` to pedal in semolina '' ( p\u00e9daler dans la semoule ), 
  not my point , i was just correcting an inaccuracy . 
  in every euro statistics thread , i look for the dutch and finns flaunting their results in each other 's face . 
  thanks for not disappointing !, 
  are n't czechs the ones who go hiking in flip flops and have to be rescued , or have i got them mixed up with other tourists ? 
  well now even people who are n't 100 % sure know what they 're in for . 
   the foreign legion a small part of the foreign legion . 
  and a small part of the regular army . 
  lazy / r/outside devs , i swear . 
  if you 're going to box me within the map at least put an actual wall . 
  and you can see those 2 npcs casually strolling by through the invisible wall , that 's bullshit !, 
  you have too much experience and not enough empathy , so you and i cancel each other out nicely . 
  indeed i have no kids . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't form an opinion on this matter . 
  can you imagine never speaking your mind unless it is on a topic that directly concerns you ? 
  anyway , back to the argument : i do n't pretend to have the whole truth . 
  all i try to do is consider those who might have different experiences . 
  that 's called empathy . 
  you on the other hand , are unable to accept that your experience is not universal . 
  you pretend you have the only truth . 
  that 's a dangerously delusional behavior , and the evidence from which i conclude that you are detached from reality . 
  bye bye now !, 
   everything is covered by taxes or cheap . 
  right . 
  that is why there are no poor people here , we truly live in a paradise . 
  your children eat food , right ? 
  they wear clothes ? 
  they use the shower and toilets ? 
  and watch tv , and they have light in their room ? 
  they go to school , maybe later the university/college ? 
  when you go on holidays , you bring them with you right ? 
  and they get presents for christmas and birthdays ? 
  if they 're lucky they also get an allowance to gather a few personal savings . 
  you know what these things have in common ? 
  they cost money . 
  you are disconnected because you ca n't seem to acknowledge not everyone can afford the things you can . 
   just have a baby it costs almost nothing wtf . 
  `` just have a baby '' , it 's like getting a pet right ? 
  yeah sure , raising a * human being * for 20 + years costs almost nothing . 
  how disconnected can you be . 
  this does n't even make sense , or does it ? 
   we live in europe . 
  the `` not educated about contraception '' argument is n't valid and you know it . 
  just because we do better than the us does n't mean we do n't have ignorant people out there who make easily avoidable mistakes . 
  why do you think there is a `` 16 & pregnant '' show in the uk ? 
   there 's still the `` morning after pill '' that only works if you react immediately , which not everyone does . 
   at 16 , they sure as hell have parents who will should be glad to become grandparents . 
  unless again , there 's something wrong with them . 
  if they do n't think like you , there 's something wrong with them , of course . 
  maybe they just want their kids to become parents when they 're mature and stable enough to welcome a baby , but that 's crazy right ? 
   there 's child support you can receive from the government . 
  so the money argument , again , is a fallacy and as we all know , public assistance is more than enough to live comfortably while raising a kid . 
  oh wait , it is n't . 
   yeah , he 's gon na take off at 16 years old .
