   certainly none in the modern era , which is what matters . 
  not colonies anymore , but full components of france . 
  guyana for example : under french control since the 17th century . 
  it 's kind of too late to roll back everything now . 
  most people born there are french , speak french , have the same rights and duties as any other citizen . 
  they do n't want to be independant ( or very few of them ) . 
  now the african colonies were different . 
  there was no population replacement , and no ( or not enough ) suppression of the local cultures that made decolonising impossible . 
  in the light of the modern worldview , it only made sense to give them back their freedom . 
  so the point is , modern nations should not attack and annex other countries . 
  however , it 's pointless to give independance to every place that was ever taken by force in history , because it would create more issues than it would solve . 
  and it 's impossible anyway because we would never stop going back in time . 
  you may be interested to know that our territory of new caledonia is scheduled to have a referendum on independance in 2018 . 
  if they vote in favor i fully expect that it should be upheld ; but it 's unlikely , even though white-french people are not the majority there . 
  it 's not that you 're another species , it 's that you think and work differently as a people , like every people . 
  i 'm sorry , but the usa has crazy politics compared to us and a trump-like candidate could never win here . 
  le pen has a chance to win because despite being the far-right , `` anti-establishment '' , populist candidate , she is still nowhere close to being as outrageous as trump . 
  she has controversial ideas but she behaves seriously and argues her points . 
  which ones ? 
  certainly none in the modern era , which is what matters . 
  back in the day everybody took land from everybody and it was bloody , today we 're supposed to be better than that and use diplomacy . 
  maybe you would have left earlier too . 
  with `` ifs '' we can make history go any direction we imagine . 
  corsica was not taken from italy . 
  it used to be owned by genoa , but the corsicans rebelled and formed their own government . 
  genoa requested military help from france to regain control , until the point when they said `` fuck this shit , you can keep it '' even though they effectively did n't control anything . 
  this one is n't even a puppet , more like putin 's 3rd arm . 
  haha :d he was president of fn since its creation in 72 until 2011 , and before that he had been in politics since the 50 's . 
  still honorary president of fn and very much a big name in french politics . 
  first reason : we are not americans . 
  our principles are n't worth much if we do n't apply them to everybody equally . 
  no country should forcefully take over territory that belongs to another . 
   he was a cunt or he just knew the eu and the uk would n't be a good fit . 
  my point is : regardless of the motives he had , do n't you think it made sense to prevent the uk joining ? 
  for about 40 years you guys have pursued exemptions from the common project and now you 're leaving altogether . 
   we were blocked several times from joining by de gaulle , it is a deliberate strategy to marginalise british interests now that you 're leaving , do you think he was correct ? 
  i had to assemble an ikea closet and it tried to kill me . 
  your furniture hates us all equally i think . 
  we do n't belong in this list . 
  these countries are small-time , we 're the og . 
  the # 1 spot on the uk 's shit-list is forever entrusted to us !, 
  10 seconds between floors ensures that negociators must get to the point and close fast , no bullshit diplomacy . 
  genius . 
   yes he might even lure australia out of the eu no way , they have been inducted into eurovision now . 
  it 's like the mafia . 
  you 're in for life , if you try to leave you get capped . 
  make sure to frantically engage in conversation with as many strangers as you can . 
  we europeans are notoriously lonely most days and are craving for unexpected prodding into our personal lives . 
  most germans are good enough at english , especially in big cities . 
  but like the other guy says , learning german must be a top 3 priority . 
  what will you be doing there for a living ? 
  and how long do you plan on staying there ? 
  it 's a tremendous place . 
  and europeans , let me tell you , europeans are just great people . 
  everybody is saying it . 
  we love europeans , do n't we folks ? 
  the large renault logo plastered on that building really ties the whole picture together . 
  this one looks like a kid designed it . 
  like funny-shit , not ugly-shit . 
  the photo editing probably exaggerates the looks , but it sure seems you could find at least a couple super villains in there . 
  those are pretty bad retorts , man . 
  you ca n't just repeat `` white flag '' over and over to win a battle of wits . 
  i 'm sure you have something better . 
  i remember at that time seeing americans on the news , making a big show of going to stores to * buy * french wine , before dumping it in the gutter right outside for the cameras . 
  it was hysterical , i watched this thinking `` thanks for buying our stuff bro , this is your money you 're pouring down the drain you braindead moron '' . 
  * laughs in french *, 
  most french people do n't want to leave the eu at the moment . 
  le pen 's chances at presidency are something to be considered , but if she won , it still would n't be a mandate to leave the eu . 
  or you know , beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
   le pen is the other side of the same coin not sure what you mean by this , but apart from both being nationalists ( tough on illegals , nation first etc ) they are 2 very different animals . 
  le pen is a veteran politician who has been trying to mellow her party 's image to make it more consensual , while trump is a businessman/cheeto/reality tv personality/alien who barged into politics out of nowhere by taking his speach and behaviour to the extreme . 
  ah , the ol' `` you ca n't prove god is not real '' argument, 
  you can put the italians down there too . 
  our reputation as worst english speakers of europe has n't been deserved for a while . 
  or maybe they just decided to cover something else ? 
  they are known for not backing off anything they want to attack , even after they themselves got shot up . 
  i do n't think you 're familiar enough with them to pull that kind of assumption out of nowhere . 
  they do n't shy away from it , they do n't draw it as much as you 'd like . 
  we do n't need to see muhammad eating shit on the ch cover every day . 
  about 3,50, 
  * swoon *, 
   i have the bad feeling that everything is made to prevent her from campaigning like what ? 
  obviously there is a media bias against her , but i would n't count that as an attempt to disrupt her campaign . 
  in fact it probably somehow benefits her for publicity , like it did with trump . 
  `` overrated wine '' is probably the nicest thing that 's been said about us in this trend, 
  they 'll steal all the girls with their [ stupid sexy uniforms ] ( https://farm3.staticflickr.com/2481/3598174177_df92277dcd_z.jpg ) . 
  not fair !, 
  asterix is franco-belgian too . 
  french and belgian authors go [ hand in hand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-belgian_comics ) when it comes to comics . 
  i would call them indivisible even . 
   there is a much higher proportion of immigrants causing problems compared to the native population true  there is something going wrong and it can not simply be put down to lack of wealth or opportunities they 're the number one things this can be put down to . 
  other factors are almost irrelevant in comparison . 
   the german police in cologne realised this year that if they targeted their efforts it would be a lot more effective , and it was . 
  i 'll wager that was hard to stomach for you . 
  i never said i was against profiling , in fact i support it . 
  i 'm surprised an `` educated '' fool such as yourself needs to create strawmen to debate . 
   some people would rather this did n't happen in their countries and you have the cheek to insult them for this never said i was for unchecked immigration , i 'm against . 
   all at the same time as blaming the locals or the government for the problems that citizens of a foreign country have caused never said that either . 
  by the way what is that obsession with `` foreigners '' ? 
  i told you most of these guys are 2nd or 3rd generation french .
