  maybe it 's your views that need to be updated . 
  all other submarines are built by little girls !, 
  one towel at a time my friend , one towel at a time . 
  well , who are we to argue the facts ? 
  besides i 'm not of those who do n't know any better and skip the mention of their original polish identity so we can `` claim '' them just for ourselves . 
  chopin does n't just sound french . 
  he got his last name from his father who * was * french , and spent the 2nd half of his life in france . 
  it 's wrong to not mention his polish identity but it 's also wrong to try and disconnect him from france . 
  well , there are italians who take this very seriously so i had no way to know . 
  honestly , french `` carbonara '' tastes good and if you think otherwise it 's because you have n't tried it . 
  it could use a name change i guess , but the recipe is fine . 
  i think it 's the opposite ... most people feel closer to germany and are frustrated with the uk . 
  nothing to do with feeling superior/inferior to you , but those who want you gone think `` you 're always complaining , just leave already and let us do our thing '' . 
  of course they 're a ( admittedly large ) minority , as you 've seen in the poll . 
  most of us are annoyed by the uk but still want to preserve the union . 
  your grandfather was lucky , sighting a wild french royalist is very rare these days . 
  yessss ... let the eu flow through you !, 
  only through us can you achieve a power greater than any american . 
  learn how to use our * socialised * healthcare system and you will be able to save your wife from certain death !, 
  i did n't want to come accross as seriously shitting on it , what i meant was that from the pictures it looks like a nice & quiet little city where not much happens ( plus the album is intentionally oriented this way by the op ) , now i know it was a wrong impression . 
  do n't take my comment too much at heart , because if the worst thing people say about your city is that it 's boring , you have it pretty good . 
  jena looks just as boring as i have been told , kinda nice though . 
   except from the language bit none of what you listed is a ` french stereotype ' that i recognize . 
  where are you getting your information from ? 
  from my life as a french person ... you know , the people actually targeted by french stereotypes . 
   you appear to have a giant chip on your shoulder . 
  i totally do . 
  but i 'm not wrong . 
   i was referring to people i met in person both in and outside of france yeah , so ? 
  being french does not necessarily make you a foolproof source of knowledge about paris . 
  people from anywhere can parrot stereotypes . 
  people from all over france love to shift the blame for all negative stereotypes to paris without ever looking in the mirror . 
   i do n't see how hating on parisians necessarily makes anyone a hypocrite . 
  we are one of the most criticised people in the world besides americans . 
  all the french should know better than to unfairly treat paris in the same way that the rest of the world treats france . 
   maybe , just maybe , there are reasons why you seem to observe so much `` french bashing '' ? 
  i do believe that stereotypes are somewhat rooted in more or less true phenomenons . 
  however , the amount of hate we get truly is disproportionate in regards to how we really are . 
  much of this negative image is due to english speakers , who just repeat to each other stupid misconceptions about us or our culture , many times without even having been to france . 
  at this point it is just too much rooted in their own culture so they will not ever stop , and due to their global cultural domination , the rest of the world follows diligently to do `` like the cool kids '' . 
  no , we are not smelly alcoholic and pretentious smokers who hate business , never work , shoot tourists on sight and have heart attacks when english is spoken within 10m around us . 
  but if believing this nonsense makes your life better , be my guest . 
  none of us will commit suicide bombings at the cry of `` france akhbar '' in retaliation . 
  serious answer : they do this for one of 3 reasons . 
  1 ) they think they 're doing you a favor 2 ) they are taken aback by meeting a foreigner and see it as an opportunity to practice their english 3 ) they are in a hurry and do n't want to spend time deciphering your french . 
  do n't take it personally , but sometimes we just have places to be . 
  i do encourage you to keep trying though . 
  i think most people appreciate it , and it 's rude to assume everyone speaks english anyway . 
   i 'm basing it on what french people from outside of paris tell me :p not even the french like parisians . 
  yeah and those are sucking up to foreigners . 
  `` look , we hate paris too , please accept us senpai '' . 
  buncha hypocrites the lot of them . 
  considering how much french bashing there is directed at our entire country , they should know better than to shit on paris just to get validation from strangers on the internet . 
  that is some fine trolling , good sir . 
  when the media has nothing more serious to worry about it has to be a good thing ... right ? 
  hey , you !, 
  why are you walking sideways towards the door ? 
  what 's this behind your back ... is that ... chicken parmigiana ?!, 
  * jesus christ what have you done *, 
  france cooks carbonara in a new way thanks to this one weird trick . 
  italians hate them !, 
  my parents went on holiday in this area and i specifically requested that they visit san gimignano , they really enjoyed it there . 
  they brought me a nice photo of the piazza duomo to frame and we compared it to the same view in game . 
  great fun for all !, 
  what did you just say about my country ? 
   in 44/45 many many joined the resistance in france ( so easy when they are sure to win ... ) see , your point is much clearer when you give context . 
  well , mental illness does mitigate how a person 's behavior should be perceived . 
  the ewe people are not mentally ill , no mitigating circumstances for the stupidity . 
   just a bunch of young dudes hanging out with ... guns . 
  you know that simply doing that meant that they had a target painted on their back , right ? 
  that even `` just hanging out with guns '' meant the germans would be searching for them , either to kill on sight or to capture , then potentially torture/execute ? 
  your implications are stupid and disrespectful . 
  you can call resistants foolish or misguided , but you can never deny that what they did took courage . 
   no gut no brain maybe , but taking up arms against a powerful occupant requires guts . 
  bloody stupid supersitions ... smh, 
  sure , double down instead of admitting you were wrong . 
  i know it 's a hard thing to do . 
   the irony is you do n't even realise it . 
  it is also ironic that you did n't realise i was making a joke . 
  hey , thanks for spreading bullshit stereotypes . 
  i was so outraged by this that i spilled my ashtray and glass of wine onto the keyboard !, 
  you 're not wrong about the press having an agenda , but in this particular case , their implication would n't be wrong either . 
  fn is literally the one party that gives hardline conservatists ( including neonazis , fascists ... ) a chance to get into the government . 
  marine has done a good job of cleaning up fn 's reputation , and today many people have started supporting her because they 're fed up with mainstream parties , they 're not nazis or anything ; but deep down the extreme/racist/neonazi component of their electoral base is still very much alive and kicking . 
  those are also not brands so . . 
  i was looking for this . 
  it gets a chuckle out of me everytime . 
  move along , ~ ~ citizen ~ ~ comrade . 
  hey bby , i 'm into that mustache . 
  wan na nationalize the means of production and chill ? 
  / u/protoctista has the right idea . 
  i have to admit that it 's more than just lighthearted rivalry and we generally do have a real dislike of russia , but i do n't think this css joke goes as far as russophobia . 
  i remember a few years back , for april fools / r/france and / r/murica swapped their css styles . 
  nobody thought it was racist , we just let the banter flow on both sides . 
  holy shit . 
  i do n't even have a clue what he 's saying , but my family had to come see why i was laughing this much !, 
  he reminds me of mickey in south park . 
  i have to hand it to him for going to the meeting like this though . 
  come on , you ca n't measure a whole country 's food quality because of a restaurant top three ... that 's fucking stupid . 
  and i still do n't see you providing any link to this famous `` world cuisine ranking '' or whatever it is .
