  nooooooooooo, 
  we 've stopped giving a shit long ago . 
  maybe you guys should too . 
  yes , yes it would . 
  that 's my point , yes . 
  what , you think we need more ? 
  i 'm not a fan of this new trend of `` how do you view such and such people '' ... 
  i can already imagine how it 's gon na look if someone makes a post about france : we 're pretentious assholes and parisians are literally hitler . 
  in france it seems to me we do n't know much really . 
  i do n't even think we have stereotypes for ukrainians , my guess is they are lumped together with russians because we just do n't know anything about them . 
  i like italian for the musicality , german for the strength , spanish 'cause it 's just cool !, 
  also , selling nuclear power to france is like selling maple syrup to canada . . 
   what does it mean ? 
  people in the uk ? 
  are the northern irish british ? 
  yes and yes !, 
  sorry but i think we 're going to keep the word around a little longer . 
  we need an umbrella term for everyone in the uk , and i 'm not calling you guys united kingdomians , so british it is . 
   i do n't think he was being serious i do n't know . 
  i 'm usually not one for stereotyping , but i 've found that many brits are obsessed about being better than us at all cost . 
  who cares about england , the reason for the war was to control france . 
  the english lost and got kicked out , just deal with it ; or is the idea of a french victory too offensive to your ears ? 
  accept history . 
  you have your head too far up your own arse , m8 . 
  why wo n't brits shut up about agincourt when england lost the damn war ? 
  it 's not patriotic enough to be taught in schools ? 
  `` research says that shows with x in the name get higher ratings ! '', 
  comes right before the `` i do n't even '' telescope, 
  this would give a new ring to your national motto , would n't it, 
  more like a threat to eastern europe that they just do n't want to let go . 
  this is why the eurostar tunnel is a bad idea . 
  now we ca n't keep the barbarians confined !, 
  hahaha this video is golden !, 
  you brits are so obsessed with us it 's almost cute , in a creepy-ex kind of way . 
  this looks like a sausage made of earthworms that has started to rot from the inside . 
  i 'm not brave enough to try this . 
  zis iz latest fashion de paris !, 
  very chic , only 300 euros for designer baguette . 
  for you british friend , i make prix sp\u00e9cial only 450 euros !, 
  you buy now , yes ? 
  is n't this in most of europe ? 
  chocolate eggs are certainly an easter staple here too , with candy inside or not . 
  i have a hard time believing this article . 
  it 's a british public school but it 's described as a damn quranic school ? 
   it 's just for children then i do n't want to be an adult, 
  hide yo kids , hide yo kebabs , 'cause serbia 's removin ' errbody out here, 
  i get it , but why not figure this out in the first place and eliminate the return altogether ? 
  i could return that to you , mr ukip !, 
   your employer decides how much of your salary goes to taxes . 
  if your employer paid a bit too much in taxes how can the employer pay a wrong amount ? 
  is the amount not regulated by a law ? 
   after taking into account all your deductibles , like charity why not take this into account * before * paying taxes ? 
  i 'm 90 % close to the scottish lib dems and least close to ukip . 
  can i get a scottish brofist ? 
  can you explain the concept of tax return ? 
  i mean , if you pay your taxes and the state returns some of the money to you , why pay this money at all ? 
  we do n't even need to make the kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 joke anymore , not that long ago there was an article here about how a danish cinema had started subbing movies in danish , because even the locals did n't understand well enough . 
  reality outdoes fiction . 
  the flag of paris is less boring [ with the coat of arms ] ( http://www.maison-des-drapeaux.com/pics/france-paris-4319b.gif ), 
  even with norway they still look like male genitalia ... 
  have the us made any aggressive land-grabs lately ? 
  i 'll believe you when we see a major politician `` confessing '' to not loving jebus . 
  why is anyone still talking about this ? 
  everyone knows it , even the turks have stopped caring . 
  maybe that was the case before , but not anymore . 
  it would be a political suicide for a president to be non christian . 
  americans do n't trust atheists . 
  ukraine is not `` our own land '' . 
  the bullshit paper technicities are more important than you think they are . 
  no one is happy about this situation , but no one wants to escalate things either and i do n't see why it 's so hard to understand . 
  russia is a nuclear power , we ca n't just go give it a slap and send it home . 
  same reason why the dprk 's regime still stands . 
  if things go wrong with russia , it will be ww3 with nukes . 
   shoot russian troops on sight yes , why did n't we think of that ? 
  it 's true , we have n't had a world war in 70 years , time to relive the good old days !, 
  [ mutual defense & solidarity clauses ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meetdocs/2009_2014/documents/sede/dv/sede200612mutualdefsolidarityclauses_/sede200612mutualdefsolidarityclauses_en.pdf ) . 
  you 're welcome . 
   so what does it matters whether they got eu papers in time or not . 
  what the fuck are you rambling about now . 
   it 's still a goddam invasion while eu is acting like headless scarred chickens . 
  what do you want the eu to do , o geopolitical genius who understands this far better than all european experts ? 
  send some troops out of their jurisdiction to take crimea from russians ? 
  economic sanctions is all anyone can allow right now . 
  finland is in the eu , dummy . 
  so is every other country in the region except moldova and belarus . 
  moldova , despite having to deal with the issue of transnistria , does n't share a border with russia . 
  that would make belarus the next likely candidate for `` friendly russian visit '' , but they would probably bend over willingly and give russians an even better welcome than crimea , so ... 
  because it 's true . 
  also , ukraine is not a nato member . 
  we 're no better than russia if we do n't allow free speech . 
   it did n't stop ethnic conflict maybe , but less dead people was all it was about , so i still consider it a success . 
  i 've seen your maps before , and i could make the criticism that they do n't use the same modelisation , but for the sake of the argument let 's say they 're perfectly comparable . 
  i do n't see anything surprising in the fact that ethnies regrouped after there was a damn war between them ... nato could n't prevent animosity between albanians and serbs , which is why these districts in kosovo became more homogenous , but what it could do is make it harder for them to kill each other , and it did just that . 
   is the uk not in europe notice how they keep saying `` the uk and europe/the eu '' as if they were n't a part of either ? 
  that 's a military base ? 
  more like giant parking lot :d but seriously , why this elongated shape ? 
  ok i should have written nato and not un , but for the rest this article supports what i said ... kosovar albanians vs yugoslav serbs , if that 's not an ethnic war i do n't know what it is . 
  and the intervention did stop it so thanks for proving my point i guess . 
  you mean the un intervention that put a stop to the ethnic war ? 
  yes that is surely the same thing .
