  they truly make the internet a funnier place . 
  it 's a [ simpsons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaxigsu72a4 ) quote, 
  i met a german student in erasmus that kept repeating this whenever we discussed learning french , apparently this particular sentence makes quite an impression in germany . 
  too bad the rest of the language does n't :d the equivalent for me is `` uli hat ein pferd , das pferd hei\u00dft goldstern '', 
  it 's a very old fashioned way of saying `` who dis ? '', 
  on the phone . 
  no one who speaks german could be an evil man , assuredly . 
  when i lived in london i tried different places for cheese . 
  i remember the nearest sainsbury 's had a deli counter , where the choices were not too bad , but expensive as fuck . 
  then there were the prepackaged cheeses . 
  a whole aisle almost completely made up of cheddar . 
  50 shades of cheddar maybe , but cheddar all the same to me . 
  my french flatmates hailed me as a hero when i managed to find an affordable packaged comt\u00e9 . 
  damn , you scots need jesus . 
  it 's probably a matter of time before you invent `` deep fried fried batter '' . 
  unless that 's already a thing . 
  hey , i wanted to post that . 
  damn immigrants coming to europe to steal our jokes !, 
  picture 23 does show mercenaries , but i do n't see the prostitutes ... 
  we still have an active dragoon regiment . 
  unfortunately they ride light armoured vehicles instead of horses , use firearms instead of sabres , and do n't wear the dope uniforms anymore . 
  * grmbl * guddamn foreigners coming here , stealing our eurovision points !, 
   i 'm not sure why dutch is not fading quickly i do n't see why it would be , ever ? 
  it is officially and de facto the only language of the netherlands . 
  an entire people is n't going to switch to english over time , just because they have good language education . 
  in contrast , french in canada is a minority language and competes with english , even in qu\u00e9bec where it is the only official language . 
  ah yes , the bolton approach . 
  `` the eggs were poisoned by our enemies '', 
  top notch reference :-), 
  they 're the best , that 's what is up . 
  and vertical stripes are the best way to display them , let it be know !, 
  we 're the cool ones . 
  i 'm just happy we 're in the green considering the shit we get ... 
  wow , have you not heard ? 
  psg bought him from fcb for 222 million euros , there was tons of drama around it . 
  it was like * the * most important news here for some weeks , you could n't escape it . 
  psg paid to have the tower lit in the colors of paris ( also psg colors ) and adorned with a huge `` welcome neymar '' sign . 
  i do n't even like football so i was already tired of seeing neymar this and neymar that in every paper , now they made him into some sort of hero on a national monument ... 
  when we are done with the presidents we can start naming things after football players , considering fucking neymar got a giant sign with his name on the eiffel tower ... 
  we seem to be in a bit of a pickle , old chap . 
  little known fact , but it was actually the discovery of mallorca that precipitated the fall of the roman empire . 
  the germanic barbarians from the east just wanted a nice spot to lay down their shields on the beach , as is tradition , but the romans were worried about mass tourism and denied access . 
  the rest is history . 
  yes captain , you still have to place a parking ticket behind your windshield . 
  i do n't care `` what windshield '' . 
  no , it does n't matter if you were `` only here for 10 minutes '' . 
  you will receive the fine in the mail shortly . 
  very low effort , you can do better, 
  i see at least one person in the back realises holding the colors vertically is the superior way . 
  yes, 
  you must understand , young hobbit , it takes a long time to say anything in german . 
  and we never say anything unless it is worth taking a long time to say . 
  i do n't mind walking barefoot on dirt , sand , grass or similar . 
  i very much mind walking on urban concrete . 
  there could be traces of piss , shit , vomit , human or animal , food remains , garbage of all sorts , hard or sharp debris that could hurt your feet ... cities just are n't made for barefoot walking . 
  the four lions were at least endearing and likeable , you know , in spite of the whole terror plot thing . 
  i find nothing endearing in the faces of these neanderthals . 
   in my opinion you ca n't call yourself an educated and cultured european if you do n't know both cyrillic and greek scripts fuck that . 
  why would these skills ( which you conveniently happen to possess , i bet ) be special ? 
  i 'm a musician , i can read sheet music ; am i entitled to call everyone who ca n't uneducated or uncultured ? 
  it 's not always that simple . 
  maybe the one party that has sensible views on managing tourism sucks for all the other aspects , etc. 
  it 's better to elect the party you like the most globally , then protest the parts of their program you really disagree with . 
  remember , it 's trump : assume the worst first , then fact-check . 
  this totally real quote is from a [ nyt interview ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/19/us/politics/trump-interview-transcript.html ) , check it out for more incoherent trump-ramblings !, 
  also we would n't have been treated to this delightful description of the parade by the don : '' * but the bastille day parade was -- now that was a super-duper -- o.k. 
  i mean , that was very much more than normal . 
  they must have had 200 planes over our heads . 
  normally you have the planes and that 's it , like the super bowl parade . 
  and everyone goes crazy , and that 's it . 
  that happened for -- and you know what else that was nice ? 
  it was limited . 
  you know , it was two hours , and the parade ended . 
  it did n't go a whole day . 
  they did n't go crazy . 
  you do n't want to leave , but you have to . 
  or you want to leave , really . 
  * * these things are going on all day . 
  it was a two-hour parade . 
  they had so many different zones . 
  maybe 100,000 different uniforms , different divisions , different bands . 
  then we had the retired , the older , the ones who were badly injured . 
  the whole thing , it was an incredible thing . 
   i hope so , about time they get some strong opposition what do you mean ? 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  journalists like famous and popular references even in serious articles . 
  yes , claiming `` gaullism '' in france is like american politicians who keep bringing up the founding fathers regardless of orientation . 
  i would n't call their economy mediocre . 
  one huge reason for erdogan 's success is that he managed to turn turkey around somewhat . 
  the danes themselves have become exceptionnally good at deciphering body language and guttural sounds between themselves . 
  +10 holy damage, 
  that ship has sailed , stop bringing it up already . 
  europeans do n't want it and neither do the turks . 
  i ca n't watch this at work but i bet it 's the tits video . 
  not a great example , crimea would have voted for russia with or without rigging ; unless you 're saying most citizens of these towns were more than happy to join france ? 
  yeah , and we 'll switch sides too . 
  surrender to whom ? 
  you already switched to our side , there 's no more enemy . 
  switzerland will be assimilated in the big blue blob , as will the balkans . 
  having neat borders is the most righteous reason to invade sovereign countries , no doubt .
