  that 's halfway done , some of them like to think they 're not really part of europe . 
  island mentality , more like island naivety . 
   france are france . 
  they 'll oppose it just because it 's us . 
  it 's pretty rich for a brit to say that . 
  you have too much trust in your `` quality media '' that ca n't go a week without shitting an article about how we 're just the worst and our economy is doomed . 
   there wo n't be any more special treatment for britain . 
  hey that 's actually a good argument to keep them in !, 
  if they 're not part of the union , how can they obtain special treatments over other countries ? 
  they like that way too much to leave !, 
  point-less you are of genius !, 
  i do n't understand this , but it 's soothing . 
  shhh only dreams now !, 
  well , we 've been hit hard by hordes of your fierce pensioners who reclaim brittany one cottage at a time . 
  i say we 're even . 
  ah yes , the invasion of britain by normans-purebred-blond-vikings-who-were-totally-not-french , another british favourite :d, 
  you do realise you 're bringing up the fact that the english got beat by a teenage girl ? 
  must be that legendary british self deprecating humour !, 
  if some french people are involved , we 're likely to get `` agincourt '' or `` cr\u00e9cy '' thrown our way a couple times . 
  brits absolutely love to mention those battles , but they tend to forget how the conflict they were a part of ended . 
  i was n't aware that every single poster here was entrusted with official diplomatic representation for their country . 
  come on , i know the economy is pretty shit but it 's not that bad . 
   you ca n't get arrested for being a fuckwit , its not illegal oh the possibilities ... 
  i 'm not denying the scummy actions of my government in supporting dictators , but sometimes they 're really the only choice we have in the interest of diplomacy and stability . 
  we 've seen syria go to shit when it was relatively stable with al assad as sole ruler , and of course libya without gaddafi . 
  the problem is , when things stay the way they are the world shits on us for supporting a dictator , but when he goes berserk on his own people and we help the rebels , the world shits on us as well because we are hypocrits . 
  we just ca n't win . 
  i can sympathise to some degree with the usa , who arguably get shit on the most in such situations . 
  do nothing : '' where is america ? 
  '' , intervene : `` american imperialists mess up the middle east again , terrorism rises '' ... 
  what the hell are you even talking about . . 
  wasting my time on the internet because it 's kinda hot where i live and my old x360 ca n't handle the temperature . 
  i was really looking forward to playing sleeping dogs all day . 
  suggesting we should let people to die at sea is pretty fucking heartless . 
  italy ca n't help being the easiest country to reach from libya . 
   where they left from . 
  that 's the difficult part . 
  where is that ? 
  do you have proof ? 
  are the migrants citizens of the country in question ? 
  do they have papers showing that ? 
  will this country accept to take them back ? 
  well , considering paris and its inhabitants get more shit thrown in their face than the nazis and isis combined , you may understand my surprise . 
  shit , did i just read that or did someone put lsd in my drink ? 
  haha that 's some bullshit !, 
  no way something like this would fly in france . 
  and i do n't know about german mc donald 's , but ours are all getting refurbished for a modern and quite nice look : http://innorthsomerset.co.uk/news/weston-super-mare-restaurant-to-receive-750-000-investment-boost-from-local-businessman/image of course the smell of old oil is still all over , but i find the new mcdo look pretty cool . 
  we do this on purpose . 
  eventually , all the pesky foreigners will be tired of sitting in uncomfortable chairs and they will stop coming here to bother us !, 
  then we can be finally go back to being rude to each other , instead of having to learn enough english to be rude to foreigners too !, 
  ze plan is working parfaitement , hon hon hon, 
  if school teaching was all it takes to learn languages , the whole world would be multi lingual . 
  s\u00e9bastien chabal illustrating this issue in a somewhat rude way : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfumw_mf5qc, 
  this thread was started for no good reasons just to take a jab at americans , so your pressing the issue is really uncalled for even if there is some truth to your point . 
  take your arguments where the context is appropriate . 
  then you need to go argue with them there . 
  the americans of / r/europe have n't deserved to be the target of the passive aggressiveness in this thread . 
  you 're the one stirring shit up and keeping casual xenophobia alive . 
  why do you need to be aggressive towards americans on this subreddit ? 
  this is n't / r/murica or / r/worldnews , the americans who engage in discussions here do n't deserve your vitriol . 
  the response tweets are nothing but hatred and insults , apparently the attack is his fault ... 
  they accuse him of using the event for political advancement , but you can bet that if he had n't received them they would be yelling at him for not giving them proper respect . 
  you sound like a salty provincial . 
  where have you been ? 
  it 's not news that white converts make the best zealots . 
  austin powers music in the background . 
  ca n't make this shit up, 
  you just `` surrendered '' all credibility in this argument . 
  i swear everytime poles and marie sklodowska-curie are involved we have a recipe for major butthurt . 
  if we say anything short of `` she was totally pure 100 % polish and had nothing to do with france ever '' it 's like we insulted their mother . 
  but ... but ... ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ great ^ ^ ^ big ^ ^ ^ bushy ^ ^ ^ beard ? 
  you seem biased . 
  sarkozy would say the party couldnt have happened without him , even if he had just sneaked in a few hours after start . 
  i started the west wing last weekend and literally just watched this episode !, 
  i love bartlet 's character , one minute ordering air strikes and the next minute cooking chili and lecturing his staff about national parks or something, 
  ok but i want to know what it represents in miles per square gallons . 
  ok but what is the ratio of leagues to schrute bucks ? 
  or stanley nickels ? 
  let 's use real units here please . 
  did your reddit turn spanish ? 
  it was the beginning of the end . 
  not a fatal blow but it got things moving in the right direction . 
  it totally worked though !, 
  we beat christianity into submission , now we barely even hear about them at all . 
  the only notorious act of christian communication i can remember is when they rallied with the fundamentalist muslims and jews to oppose gay marriage . 
  they were so cute , united in their bigotry for the time of a demonstration , whereas usually they 're probably talking a lot of shit about each other . 
   not `` ni '' . 
  indeed , there has been a language reform . 
  `` no '' in greek now translates to `` ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-ptang zoom boing z ` nourrwringmm '' . 
  this . 
  ** russiaaaaaaaa !, 
  ** cue bad montage of vladimir putin 's head on various bodies , with the sparta remix music in the background, 
  forgibe debt or i defaut you huehuehue, 
  geez calm down man , you 're taking this way too seriously . 
  i 'm fine with her being called just `` the queen '' , because she 's no doubt the top representative of european royalty . 
  i also know about princes charles , harry and william , as well the latter 's kids for some goddamn reason . 
  all the others i have absolutely no clue about and i think i 'm not alone . 
  i say liz gets to keep being called `` the queen '' as long as the british royalty is better at marketing . 
  she 's basically the original g , she deserves to be the boss . 
  if you 're interested in getting rid of pervasive american dynasties like the bush 's or kardashians , may i suggest our french royal removal services ^ ^ tm .
