   over 50 % of the french officers speak german . 
  hahaha , i wish . 
  i 'm not even sure that many speak english . 
  has he ever shown his face ? 
  how is he allowed to officially run without disclosing his real identity ? 
  consider the timing . 
  this is obviously him taking the piss . 
  are you in the middle of some calibrations ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of juncker , but i acknowledge quality bantz . 
  what are these big badges they all wear ? 
  they remind me of awards in cattle-contests . 
  i 've constantly been on the edge of my seat following the political drama recently , that shit is more addicting than got . 
  our own election was lots of fun , but you guys and the usa definitely dominate this game . 
  all i have to do is crack open a cold one , sit back , turn on the news , and disregard my concern for the very real and potentially dreadful consequences of this whole mess . 
  endless entertainment !, 
  the one in 1997 ? 
  no it did n't , in fact it was even worse than for may . 
  his party lost the majority , and they were no longer the largest party period . 
  it forced him to deal with a leftist pm and government for the remainder of his term ( 5 years out of 7 ) . 
  that 's like may having to work with labour ministers at every cabinet position . 
  if you 're coming through this program , we can reasonably assume they would n't bother bringing you here if it 's to let you go after 1 year . 
  not 94 % , but most trusted partner for sure . 
  no other country has come close to taking over for a while , and i do n't see that changing anytime soon . 
  how else would the dutch come here to challenge the brits for the domination of french beachfront campsites ? 
  it was in fact a bank holiday so one of the worst possible times to be on the road , but still . 
  5h40 is what the trip takes if the road is completely empty , which never happens . 
  and not accounting for traffic . 
  last time i did bordeaux-paris by car was more like 9h40 ... 
  that 's pure arrogance examplified right there . 
  not so long ago , him being gay would have made him unelectable within his party . 
  his election today is a milestone whether you like it or not . 
  it appears she wants to go easy on trump , which is a controversial attitude right now . 
  you 're down now but your upswing will come when trump is gone ( could happen earlier than you think , who knows ) . 
  only , the next president will have to begin by cleaning up the mess and bring the us back to pre-trump level ; that is time lost for sure . 
  sure thing , just sign here , here and here . 
  pay no mind to the fine print at the bottom . 
  there 's definitely no mention of a 3rd french empire in there . 
  1066 best year of life never forget, 
  mexico is officially / r/europe bff since they sent an [ ambassador ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/ ), 
  oh yeah , a comfortable room for everyone to live in . 
  a `` living room '' , if you will . 
  i bet the germans have a cool word for that !, 
  have you looked at the office recently ? 
  it 's got swastikas everywhere ... are we the baddies ? 
  czechia , number one exporter of lithium , all other countries have inferior lithium !, 
  that 's a valid point of view , but the average european has different concerns . 
  christianity is `` the devil we know '' and that we have ( generally ) tamed . 
  islam is an entirely different beast . 
   in france a staggering 35 % voted for le pen . 
  that 's the thing . 
  in * our * country , crazy populists do n't win . 
  in turkey they 're making bank . 
  several reasons . 
  - big armenian diaspora in france , educated and well integrated . 
  in comparison the franco-turks are from more popular classes , and over-the-top pro erdogan . 
  they seem to always take his side against the eu/france , their own country . 
  - demography : 3 million vs 78 million people , you can see which is the easier pill to swallow - they 're mostly christian , we ca n't honestly deny that it matters . 
  and there are more . 
  edit : i should also have mentioned the geographic situation . 
  an eu border with iraq and syria ? 
  not in a million years . 
  turkey will remain a buffer state until the middle east is stabilised , which should probably be achieved sometime around ... anyone want to take a guess ? 
   french culture is so international ? 
  yeah it is . 
   already lost the culture war it 's not about being the top dog , it 's about making yourself heard so you do n't disappear completely . 
  no merit when you 're born with it, 
  i knew macron was good with english but not the rest of them , it 's really good to know we have capable people in the government . 
  not now i hope , i 'm barely recovering from the election 's meme-pocalypse . 
  if we get anymore political drama now i 'll eat myself to death with popcorn . 
  we ca n't allow that . 
  we have already registered a macron dop , sorry . 
  france 's macron is best macron . 
  do n't trust the other countries ' macrons , they 're fake macrons . 
  if that 's true it confirms that they suck ... 
  it 's their job to figure out how to gather a representative population sample . 
  yes , but they 're supposed to consider liars too . 
  after so many elections where they got the tory vote wrong you 'd think they would have figured it out . 
  i do n't understand why people lie to pollsters anyway . 
  a small part must come from people who just want to mess with the results , but the others ? 
  polls are anonymous . 
  pollsters do n't care what you say even if you 're voting for the nazi-cancer party , they just want to estimate trends . 
  if they do care they wo n't tell you , and you would n't be affected by their judgement anyway . 
  so why lie ? 
  damn , sorry your pollsters suck . 
  a first obstacle is that basketball requires more equipment . 
  you need a pole with a hoop , a well inflated bouncy ball , hard ground to bounce the ball from . 
  for football , all you need to fire up a quick game is a more or less level terrain and a ball that does n't even have to be fully inflated . 
   this is before we even take into account shy tories who lie to pollsters . 
  are n't pollsters well aware of the `` shy vote '' by now ? 
  it 's kind of their job to account for it . 
  and together his 3 halves make him 150 % rugby !, 
  how i miss seeing him wreck opposing players like ragdolls ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfumw_mf5qc joking aside , yes . 
  do n't hesitate to engage discussions in english . 
  and my axe !, 
  those danish trains are unsettling . 
   when he was a prince . 
  is that supposed to be a counterpoint ? 
  all i read is : when he was younger he was even more privileged than now , since he was still mega rich but did n't have as much notoriety or king 's duties . 
  nato is basically `` usa & sidekicks '' , regardless of who meets the spending target or not .
