  we should rely on ourselves/a more local entity than nato for our own defense . 
  yeah , about that , mitterrand had n't had his croissant that day . 
  he gets grouchy when he 's not working on a full stomach . 
  i like the picture but i disagree on its impact , it 's not the 50 's anymore . 
  the reconciliation has been going on for about 60 years . 
  such pictures are old news now , which is good . 
  nowadays it is tradition that the french and german leaders visit each other first after their election . 
  real history in the making : [ de gaulle & adenauer in 1962 ] ( http://i0.wp.com/roadsmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/adenauer_degaulle_moe120707_dapd.jpeg?fit=3000%2c1317 ) [ kohl & mitterrand in 1985 ] ( http://img.20mn.fr/hqfhaqpjtouovnft61entw/648x415_president-francais-francois-mitterrand-a-gauche-chancelier-allemand-helmut-kohl-a-gauche-scellent-entente-retrouvee-verdun-22-septembre.jpg ) germany is our best eurobro . 
  several of them have very exotic names : - panama : the balboa - bolivia : the boliviano - venezuela : the bolivar - paraguay : the guarani, 
  i thought that song was rather boring honestly , it felt like one long intro . 
  i tuned it out waiting for it to pick up a bit but it never did , and when it ended i was surprised like `` what , this is it ? '', 
  a surprise , to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  it 's fun to say too . 
  i feel better knowing we have all this nice stuff all over the country . 
  i do n't want to be too specific , but it 's part of the urban jungle surrounding paris . 
  it 's not commie-block bad , but clearly nothing to write home about . 
  breton names also end in - ac, 
  hehehe , yeah we know !, 
  * remember you live in an ugly concrete suburb * ah right , not me . 
   if she is so determined to work for the eu then she should become an eu citizen yes that is indeed what i meant by `` unless she radically alters her life '' . 
  look , the point is how things are much more complicated for people in her situation now that brexit is definitely happening . 
  you ca n't just make it better by saying `` well just find something completely different in the uk and it 's all fine and dandy '' . 
  and honestly , can you really blame her for commiting to this particular career path , considering how unlikely it was that brexit would pass ? 
  i 'll remind you that leave won with 51,9 % , not exactly a landslide . 
  maybe have a bit of empathy for someone who 's going to be in for a difficult time against their will . 
   there was never any guarantee she would get an eu job but there was a chance , even if not immediately upon graduation , and now that chance is gone forever ( unless she radically alters her life ) . 
  thank you for admitting it at last , i was losing hope that you 'd see the point . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're just repeating your comment with different words . 
  i guess i 'll do the same : she wanted and studied for an ** eu job ** , and now she ca n't get it . 
  there 's no way you can bullshit yourself out of this . 
  she 's likely going to be out of the job she studied for is the point . 
  what you 're implying is basically like telling an unemployed accountant `` why are you still on unemployment , i sent you very good offers for marketing jobs '' . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  mostly i 'm sorry for her that she 's probably been studying and working hard for a career that she may never have ... 
  it 's easy for me to say , but obtaining french citizenship does n't seem so bad if she really cares about the eu . 
  they admit in the article it would be `` technically '' possible for her to apply before the uk actually leaves , but what 's the point ? 
  why commit to a career that 's going to be in jeopardy after 1 year or so ? 
  in france we say `` they want butter , butter money , and the milkmaid 's ass too '', 
  i 'm not going to slam her just for being british , but her calling this whole thing `` madness '' ... 
  i just want to tell her `` duh , what did you think was going to happen '' . 
  it 's obvious you ca n't apply for a government job in a region where you 're not ( going to be ) a citizen . 
  solving the case of the brits currently employed as eu public servants is already going to be a headache , i can see why they do n't want to make their pile of problems any bigger . 
  at least not until we have a better vision of how brexit is going to be rolled out . 
   switching from the version that we have now to a more acrobatics style show that does n't hurt the animal that 's how it 's done in southwestern france . 
  it 's called `` course camarguaise '' , and the contestants are supposed to dodge the bull acrobatically while retrieving ribbons tied to its horns for prize money , it 's quite entertaining . 
  he has one , what remains to be seen is how well they will do in the upcoming lower chamber elections . 
  hey , you 're not me !, 
  you 're really just repackaging my comment under your own label !, 
  it does n't matter what the ins and outs are . 
  the point is a long relationship has ended and it 's normal to be unhappy about it , you 'd have to be dense to not understand . 
  it 's very representative , but since you do n't get it for some reason , here 's an easier one : friends have a club where they hang out . 
  then one of them says `` i do n't want to hang out with you anymore '' . 
  remaining friends are understandably upset . 
  of course not , it 's just an analogy . 
  do i have to spell that out for you ? 
  i think he means it like a scorned lover thing . 
  of course you 're entitled to terminate a relationship if you wish , but your partner is going to be resentful about getting dumped , especially since the relationship had been going on 40 years . 
  it 's definitely how i feel anyway . 
  her amped-up extremism wo n't be good for the party if she gets more prominence in the future . 
  she would destroy what her aunt spent years creating . 
  the council of europe probably has so little notoriety that most people would still assume it 's the eu flag , this would definitely raise eyebrows post-brexit . 
  they do n't , we do in fact own the only chocolate factory in the world . 
  all the other `` factories '' are really just repackaging plants where they disguise our products under different labels . 
  i would bet she 'll be back in the future . 
  at her age she has a million occasions to do that . 
  there is another bangor on the island of belle-\u00eele-en-mer , off the southern coast of brittany , and it 's named after the northern irish one . 
  you know how we always tell foreigners to remember `` bonjour , merci , au revoir '' when dealing with french shopkeepers ? 
  in marseille you do n't even need to bother with that , just say `` allez l'om '' every time . 
  if you speak some level of french and you still ca n't figure out anything they say , it 's the accent . 
  just do n't try to imitate it . 
  `` poudre de perlimpinpin '' is an old-fashioned idiom that means `` magic/fairy powder '' . 
  basically macron told le pen her proposals are so unrealistic that she might as well pretend to have magic powers . 
  he 's handsome but he 's also a bigot , you 'd probably want to have him guillotined after some time . 
  you were my brother uk , i loved you !, 
  well ... `` loved '' is a strong word ... let 's say i thought you were rather alright !, 
  you were the chosen one , uk !, 
  you were supposed to bring balance to the eu , not try to tear it apart !, 
  i have such a raging sovereignty right now . 
  i learned something new !, 
  we try to involve wine and cheese whenever we can . 
  we 've found it objectively improves most things . 
  the dutch flag is older so they get credit for that . 
  however , vertical display is best display . 
  many reputable countries like ireland and italy agree . 
  sure thing , it 's been a while . 
  your place or mine ? 
  like what terms ? 
  fact : your opinion is wrong . 
  just kidding , tastes and colors and all that , but we do have a kickass anthem . 
  i think macron is a pretty cool guy , eh defeats traditional politicians and does n't afraid of fn . 
  diversity is the spice of life . 
  and i fucking love spices . 
  the legion carries a romanticised and mysterious aura , both because of their enrollment process ( start a new life under a new name ) and their having to endure a lot of shit during training . 
  it also has cultural and historical importance . 
  personally i do n't have issues with the fact that we have foreigners in our army , firstly because there is rigorous vetting ( 10 % selection rate in 2012 ) ; secondly because their presence is humbling . 
  if all these people are willing to come from different places , learn french , work together and literally put their lives on the line for a country not their own , we must be doing something right . 
  it 's also a form of immigration that i find unquestionable . 
  legionnaires can request citizenship after 3 years if they have shown good conduct , or earlier if they get wounded in action . 
  french .
