  like , i would ask the way to a passer-by and if they did n't stop they would always at least say something like `` make a right and go straight for 6 blocks , that should take you close '' and by the end of the sentence they would be disappearing at the corner . 
  i think london deserves a stereotype of its own , what do you think it would be ? 
  that 's so bland and hipster . 
  the only one i find interesting is the polo with red collar and sleeves . 
  it is ignorant to assume france opposes turkish accession because of the armenian diaspora . 
  it is quite large indeed , but they are like 5-600 000 ; it does n't explain an 83 % opposition in a country of 65 million . 
  there are very good reasons to be against turkey in the eu that have nothing to do with armenians . 
  i 'm surprised by the spanish and italian results , i would think they would be much lower . 
  and if you look more into the study ( which is in french btw ) , you will see the votes are perfectly divided between yes and no like there was no abstention , i wonder why . 
  do n't give them more ridiculous ideas . 
  actually i 'm sure this already exists . . 
  lol , americans saying other people 's coffee is bad . 
  what 's their experience , starbucks ? 
  france , greatest country in ze world , all other countries are run by little girls, 
  your newspapers are still fighting the 100 years war, 
  and that 's why you never bring your dog to turkey with you . 
  i had never heard anything about this before . 
  it is indeed major bullshit and i 'm sure it 's being abused right now by cheating women . 
  i think it was on this sub that someone i was arguing with over mali replied that the french had nothing to do there , let the africans do their thing , yadda yadda fucking imperialists , something something trying to relive your colonial past , blah blah europeans killing africans ( speaking of the islamists ... ) . 
  it was surreal how far his head was up his ass . 
  that 's when i realised that r/tumblrinaction is leaking everywhere . 
   it 's a way for the author to distance himself from reporting on politicians ' private matters , and at the same time using the information to make his point aka , he 's totally hosting the `` scandalous '' reporting style of the tabloids in his own article because people love juicy gossip , but still covering his ass, 
  some germans will soon be deployed in mali within the franco german brigade , along the german engineers and instructors already there to train the malians . 
  although it 's not much ( like 100 guys ) i 'm happy to see germany send more people , and above all that this unit is finally deployed `` for real '' , it 's been reserved for posturing way too long . 
  it 's not gay if you fuck yourself !, 
  hahaha what the fuck is this :d i love it !, 
   france/spain/portuagal / italy will keep their languages of course we will , because making english official in these countries is the dumbest idea ever and i hope you understand why . 
  that said , knowledge of english is progressing everywhere though slower than in northern europe , and with enough time we will reach decent levels . 
  no legislation necessary indeed . 
  you need to stop thinking france is `` the one country '' going against everyone when it comes to english . 
  no one would agree to this , * no one * except small minorities everywhere . 
  you did n't say what your opinion is on op 's proposal , but if you think it 's a good one : no it 's not . 
  it 's retarded . 
  i join what the others have said . 
  i 'm all for a better practice of english in europe since it 's the de facto international language . 
  i wish everyone could speak a decent english . 
  but it 's absolutely ridiculous to make it official in countries where it has no cultural basis . 
  a country 's official languages should address who actually makes up the population . 
  and apart from ireland and the uk , there is no country with a sizeable english speaking community in europe . 
  english deserves to be spread more but it will never deserve to be made official where it does n't belong . 
  what is this obsession with us in this thread ? 
  like we are the worst opponents to english in the world, 
  luxembourg has `` no noteworthy violations '' !, 
  you go little one !, 
  the franco german brigade is not dead . 
  1000 french soldiers have been pulled from germany but the brigade still has about 5000 men . 
   i bet you do n't even shower of course we do n't , do n't wan na ruin this manly musk of ours . 
  oh yes , this one is the only that 's somewhat true in those i 've mentioned . 
  however it 's symptomatic of big cities and not specific to the french . 
  and foreigners arrive here all starry-eyed , forgetting that the locals are likely busy and/in a hurry ; they do n't have time to be a part of your tourist experience . 
  i do n't understand where the americans got the idea that our politicians are somehow all ladykillers with at least 1 woman on the side . 
  as far as i know most presidents ( not hollande ) were married , some maybe had a divorce on the way . . 
  i just know mitterand has a daughter from adultery , but that 's about it . 
  kennedy and clinton were far more notorious than any of our presidents when it comes to extramarital affairs . 
  lol `` older americans '' . 
  try a buttload of them . 
  this stereotype ranks pretty high on the list with surrender , rudeness and smellyness . 
  they should be disqualified for deep-frying everything ... and the title for best food could be awarded to the next rightful contender . 
  yes france scored # 2 , why do you ask ? 
  for real , i 've seen rooms in college residences that looked worse than this . 
  france welcomes you !, 
  head over to / r/france to find a dedicated community willing to help you plan enticing expatriation prospects !, 
  bring your monies and your w\u00f6rk ethic with you please . 
  also as a german you should be notified that anyone caught wearing socks and sandals on french territory will be shot on sight . 
  or , you could try liberalising the european electricity market . 
  sounds trickier though . 
  the author definitely saw the irony of this statement :  that , of course , has long been the churches ' strategy : avoid influencing people , particularly when it comes to sexual orientation . 
  at least as long as heterosexuality was the predominant order of the day . 
  `` but what about this whole bible thing , god and jesus , the mass ... 
  is n't that a form of ideology and indoctrination ? '', 
  `` oh no , that 's very different . 
  we are right about this , you see . 
  how do we know ? 
  look , it says so right here . . in the bible . '', 
  you will be pleased to know it has been a reality [ for some time now ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-05-30/germany-becomes-net-power-importer-from-france-after-atomic-halt.html ), 
  he could live in a m\u00e9nage \u00e0 trois for all i care . 
  all that matters is his job as president . 
  yeah , like when they say they will completely pull out of the nuclear sector in a near future , when really they will just buy nuclear energy from their neighbours instead of producing it themselves . 
  scarface came up with the quote , and it sounded better originally : do n't get high on your own supply . 
  `` inmates say they understand the government 's concerns and will vacate their cells asap to comply '', 
  you want to be paid the same as your western european colleagues ? 
  how dare you . 
  no , tabloid being tabloid . 
  i agree . 
  teaching computer skills yes , most definitely , but teaching a useless thing they will probably never use seems like a waste of time . 
  apparently the french diplomatic network is 2nd in the world , only behind the us !, 
  yay we 're good at diplomacy !, 
  it 's something you ca n't miss . 
  an important ( in most cases very good ) life experience , wherever you choose to study . 
  travel while you can !, 
  when you graduate and it 's time to look for a job , you wo n't have time to go on such extended trips unless you manage to be hired abroad , so go for it now !, 
  officer nicholas angel is back in london , for the greater good of course !, 
  seriously , you do n't know how many dos santos and da silva working in construction i 've met, 
  right there with you . 
  i 'm viscerally opposed to it , and the idea of someone being given use of public power and wealth because of his/her birth is a complete outrage to me . 
  that one spot in german speaking belgium ... that was just evil . 
  sent me all the way to austria . 
  you can make your own ? 
  that 's cool . 
  but i just tried the second one and failed just as hard ( still won the challenge over 10 000 but my guesses were way off ) .
