  maybe now you can start paying interns !, 
  because obviously the only possible job in france is to be a business owner . 
  i 'm sick of this argument . 
  i ca n't believe you 're calling occupying our country and everything that ensued a minor and easily forgivable offense . 
  you still have n't justified why it 's ok to give attitude to a german for something he did n't do . 
  i 'm guessing you 're either jew or buying into the mindless american support of israel . 
  we in europe are sick of their crybaby policy of dismissing everything they do n't like to hear by whining `` antisemitism !, 
  you ca n't criticize me because i 'm jew !, 
  '' , and yes i 'm calling them crybabies . 
  being hated and poor in a rich country with social services where you have a chance to integrate is better than just being hated and poor in romania . 
  [ he 'll be back ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-uo-zxvr-mk4/tzxdyoijwyi/aaaaaaaabsw/7mmhhghnb54/s1600/berlusconi-terminator.jpg ), 
  first , i disagree that germans should share any guilt for ww2 either individually or collectively . 
  and even if i agreed , i do n't see how this applies to schultz speaking german in israel . 
  he was n't even there as german representative but as eu representative , and the idea that he should n't be heard because he speaks german is apalling of stupidity . 
  if people thought like you we would keep lifelong petty grudges like pouty kids , and we would never be in good terms with anyone . 
  oh you 're british ? 
  ca n't talk to us , we 're still pretty upset about you stealing our north american colony . 
  you 're german and you want to be friends ? 
  and possibly become our key partner in the creation of a major european political entity ? 
  you occupied us 70 years ago , too soon guys !, 
  ok , let 's try something else . 
  do you blame the son for the crimes of the father ? 
  is a child born from rape a rapist too ? 
  if you answered yes to either or both , you 're wrong . 
  do you resent the modern uk for the independance war ? 
  you know what i mean . 
  every time someone says something negative about israel , you are up in arms whining `` boo hoo you 're antisemite , because ww2 you ca n't say anything to me because i 'm jew '' like fucking crybabies . 
  you have to make everything about ww2 even when it has nothing to do with it , like here . 
  the guy is german , and germans are bad because nazi !, 
  yes israel , sure . 
   bennett immediately took to his facebook page : `` i will not tolerate duplicitous propaganda against israel in the knesset ... and especially not in german . '' martin schultz is literally hitler , because he 's german . 
  i swear , israelis look like they 're trying to lose all the holocaust-sympathy as fast as possible . 
  this sounds like the beginning of a joke . 
  the gayropeans . 
  eu reacting as per agreement . 
  yeah you 're right , complaining about the `` lack of customer service '' is rather an american thing . 
  you brits are more about proclaiming our economic doom every other day . 
  a bit too radical . 
  americans may not be europeans but they 're r/europeans too . 
  i did n't know our bureaucracy was preferable to that of switzerland . 
  poor swiss people ... more seriously , this makes sense . 
  i could n't believe there were so few of us in switzerland when by the look of it we literally flood the border every day . 
  the portuguese are twice as numerous as the french ? 
  you * thought * you were blending in just fine , but you did n't realise that really you looked like [ this ] ( http://i551.photobucket.com/albums/ii462/english-british-american/britishofficerredcoat.jpg ) . 
  you probably accidentally started to flourish your pinky as well , it 's common with british people . 
  it 's cool that they spared the time to do this with you !, 
  i would sure like that kind of contact with people more regularly . 
  the article says only 120k french are registered as living in the uk ( not london , uk ) , and that our embassy * assesses * that the real number * could * be 300-400k . 
  even if it is , not all of them are living in london , so this idea of `` 7th french city '' everyone is throwing around is exaggerated . 
  we 'd glagly lend you our nobility to practice with , but i 'm afraid we had a period of overhunting in the past and the species is endangered now . 
  the survivors have become good at hiding , they ai n't fun . 
  just went to take a look . 
  i 'm jealous of your badass coats of arms , ours at / r/france are very tiny . 
  `` france is awesome ... except for the french !, 
  amirite uk ? 
  stupid frogs . 
  we do n't even know why we mock them but people think it 's cool . '', 
  that 's false actually . 
  i do n't care about the uk 's exceptions , that was agreed upon in the past . 
  i 'm saying there should be no more of that today . 
  the swiss knew about the guillotine clause when they signed the deals , it 's not like it 's a completely unexpected dick move by the eu . 
  they reject the treaty , they lose it all , and not just the parts that bother them . 
  i do n't see what is unclear about this . 
  if nothing is done it 's sending the message that our treaties are worthless and that everyone else can negotiate their own personal treaties , which in a union would be bullshit . 
  cherry . 
  picking . 
   if the eu tries to put barriers to trade with the switzerland ( without asking the european people in a referendum ) that would be a very regressive step in my opinion do you think we should just take it in the ass like good boys ? 
  the eu already agreed to a lot of cherry picking ( you should know ) and it has to end . 
  the eu is a package deal , not \u00e0 la carte !, 
  i 've been very naughty , i think i deserve a good bite by an austrian girl as a punishment . 
  i see it now , r\u00f6stigraben indeed . 
  why are opinions so divided by ethnicity ? 
  something has to change , or the eu will look weak and unwilling to enforce the treaties everyone swore to obey . 
  why do you say that ? 
  the western cantons have pretty high `` yes '' proportions . 
  i wonder how the no vote could even reach 49 ~ % total , as it seems inferior by many points everywhere except schwyz . 
   the dacians were a thracian people so were they ? 
   they ca n't go abroad to work why not ? 
  in france no one wants to be a priest anymore so we have to import priests from africa . 
  granted , most of them come from francophone africa so there is no language barrier , but it 's not like french is the hardest thing to learn for romanians . 
  i honestly do n't know but probably not much . 
  ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ model, 
  do n't be delusional . 
  france is a key and founding member of the eu , it wo n't leave . 
  i do n't know many countries where people are proud of their politicians . 
  are you * sure * you 've got one ? 
  can we come up and have a look ? 
  if that 's worth anything , i 'm hungry and i really want a kebab right now . 
  we definitely have people like that but they 're not very visible at all . 
  most french christians are discrete about religion and particularly those who believe in such nonsense , since there 's so few of them they would get ridiculed . 
  cheeks at least touch everytime ( not touching would be a weird gymnastic , i mean why are we even leaning forward ? ) . 
  then i guess lips on cheeks depend on the individual , for me it 's how close i am with the other . 
  like i do n't give a full `` grandma wet kiss '' to a complete stranger . 
  with family friends i touch with the corner of my lips , with extended family it 's half , close family and female friends/girls my age in general get full lips ( i know , lucky them ) . 
  that 's actually way more complicated than i thought . 
  awww they even have a designated clerk to help patrons one by one !, 
  how commendable !, 
  haha , expect a surprise if you become familiar with some french people , because you will get the kiss !, 
  would you say that they are worst turk ? 
  i do n't remember learning anything about it except its capital and date of accession to the eu , for geography and civics class respectively .
