  i will immediately plan a nationwide strike to protest against british misconceptions of my country . 
  i pictured the whole thing happening with cartoonish music in the background , then proceeded to laugh my ass off . 
  greeks maybe ? 
  he 's more talking about permanent immigration . 
  schengen is great for temporary travels , tourism and trade between countries . 
  thank you for this reply . 
  i 've grown up with computers and i still find it amazing that i can have a conversation with someone like you , from a place i know nothing about , and learn stuff about your country . 
  praise the internet and our eu bros !, 
  i may be drunk a little bit . 
  does n't matter , had info . 
   the proportion of white britons is in the 90-95 % range exactly this . 
  i hold no idiotic beliefs such as `` preserve the purity of the nation '' and other related bullshits , but the undeniable fact is that life is just easier with a homogenous society . 
   our immigration policy is designed with england in mind , which is pretty harmful to us in terms of demographics how so ? 
  from where and for which motives ? 
  are there immigrants to estonia ? 
  i thought it would rather be the opposite, 
  the problem is a mix of 2 things : the racism present in part of the majority ( in my case the white people , mostly not too religious ) , and communautarism/lack of will to integrate that exists within the rest of the population . 
  both phenomenas are very real , i hate it when the blame for racial issues is pushed entirely on the ethnic majority . 
  i would be all for diversity if it could work smoothly , but the reality is that it does n't . 
  we are already struggling to fix our current culture clashes ( notably with our muslim minority ) . 
  i do n't know how the situation is where you live , but i can tell you it 's a fucking pain in the ass dealing with this . 
  that 's why i say that as long as we wo n't be rid of our current issues , i do n't want any more of it in my country . 
  we do n't need more troubles than there already are , especially right now . 
   all people are equal , so we have nothing to gain by it huh , no . 
  all people deserve the same rights , it does n't mean at all that we are all the same and that foreigners ca n't be an addition to society . 
  i wonder where you got this idea , it 's pretty dumb . 
  you 're right about the problems though, 
   scotland has always been more in favour of eu membership  the scots would reject an eu referendum i 'm confused ... 
  serious question : if scotland and england were to go their own way ( also , what happens to wales ? 
  ) , with ukip winning on its independance agenda , the uk would cease to exist and to be a member of the eu . 
  would scotland reapply for membership or stay out ? 
  please back your answer with proofs if you have some , i 'm really interested in a factual and objective opinion . 
  your own opinion is also appreciated, 
  we write it cornichon , but that spelling of yours is so hype !, 
  the hospitallers can hardly be considered a french order . 
  their knights came from several christian lands . 
  france is already cosmopolitan to some extent . 
  i honestly wish it would work , but there are already enough troubles as it is , so no . 
  for the sake of everyone let 's not make it worse . 
  funny , i live in bethnal green and i 've been told `` go to brick lane , you will feel like you 've left the country '', 
  sensationalist bs title . 
  disliking hollande does n't mean liking le pen . 
  the new gov is n't focused on that at all , but in sarko 's days they kicked out roma people by the truckload, 
  it depends , do they have a dear leader ? 
  welcome to all romanians !, 
  special offer for roma people only : report to your nearest french police station and collect your free plane tickets back to romaniuhhh i mean to an undisclosed holiday location !, 
  ... you 're not cursing ? 
  it almost seems like ... you 're ok with it ?!, 
  * error * unknown occurrence . 
  brain ca n't process this . 
  `` you 're not my bff anymore ! '', 
  yes it depends on how your home uni sees things . 
  mine sent everyone abroad at the same time , so our credits for the semester were those we got abroad only . 
  i went from my pretty strict business school in france to a small italian business school ; it was overall very relaxed compared to what i 'm used to at home . 
  i never had to work too hard and got all my credits with no problem . 
  what you want to know also depends of your host uni . 
  if you 're concerned about this you should research those that interest you to find out , or maybe directly contact exchange students from there studying in your uni ( if any ) to ask them about the workload, 
  i spent 5 months in turin last year , and i do n't care if i 'm not posting an original comment but it was honestly the best period of my studies !, 
  i made a lot of foreign friends ( locals and other exchange students ) , visited plenty of things , went on a firenze-siena-rome trip , and my italian improved a ton !, 
  i tasted the dolce vita . 
  even the studying part was cool , not too much pressure and the uni offered several trips and exhibits relevant to our choices of courses . 
  there was a great nightlife also , as turin is one of the biggest student cities of italy , and no club ever charged me to get in . 
  tl , dr : wherever you want to go , sign up and jump on your plane now !, 
  naaaaoughw !, 
  do you hear me ? 
   france traditionally screws countries on the other side of the mediterranean nah dude , france stopped doing that in the 60 's ; now they do a pretty good job of screwing themselves up . 
  stay up to date . 
  knowing how virulent they are to criticize everything they can about my country , the joke was funny, 
  hello redditor from paraguay whose flag i almost mixed up with the netherlands !, 
  nice to see new colors around here . 
  yeah , like anyone did better in africa . 
  in case you do n't know , the british also had colonies there ( egypt , sudan & uganda for example . 
  you know , uganda , where hunting gay people is legally endorsed ? 
  and egypt which is quickly becoming sharialand ? 
  ) , it 's true they are in such a better situation than the rest of africa ( / s ) . 
  and for the former british colonies that are doing so well , we 're talking about the usa , canada , australia , nz and all right ? 
  and why are they doing so well ? 
  oh right , it 's because the settlers obliterated the local cultures almost entirely and took their place . 
  that 's how they rolled , i forgot , silly me !, 
  i 'm not trying to deny that the french language has lost prominence in the world , i do n't even care actually , but this unjustified french bashing by yourself and the other idiot hsfrey is pissing me off . 
  end rant . 
  i was n't even aware of this radio ban thing . 
  care to show a source ? 
  this list is really weird , where did you get it ? 
  you have a mix of french speaking countries , regions and departments of france , cities and regions of french speaking countries ... 
  thanks for reminding us that jura and guadeloupe ( among others ) are french speaking ... 
  it 's not like they 're part of the damn country , right ? 
  abolished ? 
  no chance , once the ongoing process is wrapped up . 
  that would be taking away the equality of rights , like trying to ban women from voting again . 
  if a future candidate is crazy enough to campaign on it he wo n't get anywhere in the election , we do n't vote for nutjobs . 
  and if by any chance the next president tried something like that , not only would it be a political suicide , but also the eu would roast his ass for trying and shoot down the proposal in a heartbeat . 
  the part of the bill that deals with adoption and assisted pregnancies for married gay couples might come up again . 
  tl ; dr : passing the bill is a point of no return for marriage equality . 
  for adoption and assisted pregancies , maybe not, 
  do n't forget that the bill is still passing anyway , and it 's backed by a majority too . 
  few countries can claim that today . 
  and we also organised similarly sized counter-demonstrations to support the bill . 
  in my opinion many of the demonstrators were there for religious motives , there was even a `` sacred union '' of jewish , muslim and christian leaders ( only united in bigotry and hate , what a surprise ) against the bill ; it was the time for homophobes of all kinds to come out so they did . 
  they represent the slowly dying part of the population who still thinks our country gives a shit about religious morals .
