  anyway , albania and bosnia are drops in an ocean when it comes to demography and economy , it makes them easier to integrate . 
  same goes for cyprus , which by the way is also a small island , so not exactly comparable to turkey with its huge population and land borders . 
  turkey can raise its standards , but it ca n't do anything about geography . 
  would you want places like syria and iraq on our doorstep ? 
  they 're like eternally fucked , and the mess happening over there is already spilling into the eu today . 
  i ca n't imagine how it would be if we had a border with them . 
  i think turkey is a bigger hurdle to jump than eastern europe . 
  the russian-soviet power was the only real factor blocking eu/nato expansion . 
  turkey would represent a major demographic and economic shift in that its population is huge for the eu , and of course mostly muslim , let 's not pretend it is n't a factor when it comes to considering their joining . 
  plus with the way they 're heading right now , it 's going to become an even more important factor in the future . 
  it 's also almost entirely in a different landmass than the current eu . 
  i know the `` borders of europe '' are hard to determine in the east , but the eu was never supposed to expand indefinitely and you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  i would say turkey and russia make good eastern limits ( although arbitrary ) for europe/eu expansions . 
  if turkey ever joined , look at the neighbours we would have . 
  thousands of kilometers of porous border in the middle east ... not a great idea unless we fix the middle east first , and it 's just about the least fixable place on the planet . 
   turkey is part of the nato only for strategic reasons . 
  is there any other reason for being part of nato ? 
  actually , they do n't anymore . 
  this `` good luck joining us '' comeback needs to die . 
  or , ever . 
   court decided to consult an authority to specify whether gollum is a bad or good character in the movie this should lead to ground breaking jurisprudence !, 
  seriously , this is hilarious . 
  not for the doctor of course , but i ca n't help thinking of meetings between court officials and local lotr nerds to serve as `` consultants '' on both sides and argue the pros and cons . 
  `` how can you deny gollum 's crucial influence in the plot !, 
  frodo would n't have got into mordor if it was n't for his help ! '', 
  `` bullshit , he was doing it purely out of self-interest and the positive consequences of his acts ca n't count towards his credit ! '', 
  this blonde on the left is probably against premarital sex . 
  damn waste if you ask me . 
   they 've got enough problems right now . 
  if our af did this i suppose they had enough planes to commit to both syria and the uk , i do n't think the latter is taking resources away from the former . 
  i 'd rather have them used than lying around . 
  peaky blinders from the uk , it 's the bomb . 
  cillian murphy kills it, 
  but , i thought the jews were behind everything ? 
  explain yourself !, 
  great comedy , sad ending :(, 
  it 's a simple gesture of support . 
  it helps cheer us up a little to see all these countries displaying our colours , that 's a real benefit at no cost for anyone . 
  why not do it ? 
  i think ousting assad was no longer a priority the moment we realised is was a bigger threat . 
  thanks for making me laugh on such a dark day . 
  it does n't matter one bit . 
  the terrorists are already on our territory , they were born here . 
  the real threat does n't come from the refugees but from our own citizens . 
  right , i did n't catch that . 
  i can think of two more : - being super rich - disliking french and german workers who steal jerbs, 
  france tried to protect itself with the maginot line . 
  shame that line was n't so strong along the belgian border . 
  it 's a worldwide dick-measuring contest . 
  `` i drink a lot '' `` i drink more '' `` lol you pussies , i was raised on vodka in my baby bottle '' . 
  somehow people still think being alcoholic is cool . 
  i was just thinking that . 
  i empathise now . 
  now it 's `` the french got us into this shit '' , back then it was `` he 's killing his people , why is france doing nothing ??? '', 
  it has n't really caught on here , even though i 'm sure retail chains would love it . 
  my friends still do costume parties , and i sometimes see a few groups of kids trick-or-treating but there are n't many of them . 
  we 've taken the habit to lock the gate and disable the doorbell to be left alone on that day , like old scrooges . 
  the tune is catchy and engaging , that 's as much as it takes . 
  as for the lyrics , it 's more or less `` brothers , let 's unite and fight to honor our homeland and history blah blah blah '' . 
  not particularly original but like half of the world 's countries have an anthem like that ... the soviet one follows the same model . 
  what do you think is particularly bad about italy 's anthem ? 
  or they 're the only ones to be rational about their city 's actual influence vs the chosen capital . 
  the others are just delusional or just do n't like that their city wo n't be a capital anymore . 
  you might want to make that reference more obvious . 
  you can tell by the downvotes people think you really are that much of an asshole . 
   this way , we have ensured that the eu is going to suffer permanent institutional paralysis , just in time for us to leave are you for real ? 
  what a retarded joke . 
  are british standards for humour so low that all you have to say is `` the french suxx cuz they 're french '' ? 
   people are stressed out of their minds , everyone 's running to their jobs , to the subway . 
  when they 're done with work , well guess you 'll just go back home , eat , sleep and do your usual shit the next day that 's the life of every person in a big city ever . 
  just add car/bus next to subway . 
   when you say `` bonjour '' , people look at you like you 're going to murder them when i say bonjour i get bonjour back . 
  sometimes people even hold the turnstile door for me in the subway , and i return the favor . 
  i agree that the story about the guy arrested for being nice is ridiculous . 
  this comes from the fact that we mostly keep to ourselves , it 's not because we hate everyone . 
  it 's a cultural misunderstanding . 
   we all speak at least decent english speak for yourself , you do n't know how many people still struggle to correctly make up a few sentences . 
   yet most of us hate giving any kind of advice to tourists because most of `` us '' are uncomfortable speaking english . 
  it 's not because many young people are quite good that all the other people are . 
  you keep coming up with your personal experience that i can counter with my own : i have myself helped several tourists and witnessed other parisians do the same . 
   our waiters are literally the worst on the face of the planet except if you go to a restaurant that bills you 50 euros for an espresso that 's fucking stupid . 
  again , personal experience vs personal experience : i have been to a ton of restaurants where i have been treated normally or well . 
  as the saying goes : if you meet a few assholes , they 're just assholes , but if you meet assholes ** everywhere ** maybe you 're the asshole ? 
   i did n't say paris sucks , i said that parisians are difficult to live around and i do n't want to make it seem like it 's all pink and nice here either , though i still disagree with your saying that `` parisians are difficult to live around '' . 
  there is a lot of everything here . 
  it 's neither black nor white , rather grey , but you have a bit of a bone to pick with paris and france , and that makes your perspective biased . 
  i have had some good and bad experiences here , but overall i think parisians are pretty normal folks who get mistaken for assholes all the time by people who think `` they 're not very outwardly so they must hate me '' . 
  i still think / u/suicidemachine is right . 
  the `` urge '' to be pc is typically a 1st world country , even if deep down the people are not less racist than they try to appear . 
  i do n't mean to diminish the racism present in those countries , i merely talk about appearances . 
   it never happened to me before with anyone else , only with western europeans well duh . 
  i would have been surprised if you had told me that your fellow eastern europeans had been racist to you for being eastern european ... 
   most of us who move are also from paris , and anyone who 's been there knows we are the worst people to live around i live near paris , go there for school , work and entertainment all the time , and i disagree . 
  you 're a textbook example of the french person sucking up to the internet with your `` paris sucks so much , right guys ? '', 
  it 's because of people like you that some tourists come to paris expecting to be murdered by the first waiter they come across . 
  you could have expressed your criticism with more nuance but no , had to throw in a bit of paris-bashing . 
  no wonder parisians are grumpy when even their own compatriots insult them to look cool for foreigners . 
  for a moment i wondered if yahoo news was bugged , because the article is about french expatriates and all i saw below was comments about how muslims ruin everything , i did n't understand . 
  then if you scroll a bit more you 'll get to the comments that blame our taxes and `` commie leftism '' ( also muslims ) . 
  usually these are much higher .
