  i do n't know if transport free would make many drivers give up their vehicles ... transport is already cheaper than owning a car today . 
  people who are concerned about costs have already made the choice to use transport . 
  and about tourism , come on ... nobody is going to make travel decisions based on costs of local transportation . 
  plus i 'm not sure we can have more love from tourists than we already have !, 
  for all the hate paris gets on the internet , it keeps making the top of world tourism rankings . 
  they hate us but they keep coming , they sure showed us :d, 
  our team is so inconsistent ... they start by playing like shit against scotland but somehow still win ... then they give their best rugby at the end of the tournament when it does n't matter anyway . 
  i feel like watching them is a constant succession of building my hopes up then utter disappointment . 
  you 're tearing me apart france . 
  they 're really behind the whole ukraine thing . 
  those sneaky , scheming faroese ... 
  this needs a 3rd possible answer : `` k '' . 
  or even better , a facebook style `` seen 21:06 '', 
  mid sized cities , sure . 
  the paris metro sees like 5 million travelers on average * daily * , and that 's not counting the suburban trains , tramways , buses ... 
  just for bad air days . 
  i ca n't imagine how the government could afford permanent free transit . 
  edit : and for the other part of your question , yes public transit is mostly state-owned but not completely . 
  the paris transport authority is public , as is sncf ( national railway company ) but even that one owns participation in private groups . 
  however some bus lines on a local level are operated by private companies i think . 
  try turning on english subtitles, 
   so what , migrants can stand above and beyond law because you have no space in prison to keep them if they break law i only pointed out why your simpleton solution of `` just lock everyone lulz '' is n't realistic . 
  now you 're making me say things i did n't because you do n't have a point . 
   and they would accept them if you would get in agreement with local government for deporting them there . 
  sure , some dirt-poor african country is going to accept europeans dumping thousands upon thousands of even more dirt-poor people on their territory , whether they actually come from that place or not . 
  they will surely get along great with the locals and the host country will definitely be able to spare the resources to deal with them . 
   lock them in a prisons our prisons are already overcrowded with french inmates ... where are we going to put an unending flow of immigrants ? 
   either they declare where they came from or kick them out to some random african country . 
  lol how can we just dump thousands of people to a random place ? 
  what makes you think the `` destination '' will accept them so easily ? 
  ... and i will have my revenge , in this life or the next !, 
  wait , wrong guy . 
  tell me about it , 6:1 with the leclerc . 
  pesky fancy french tech . 
  at least we war with style i guess . 
  confirmed , the israelis are goa'uld . 
  like mr. burns in the simpsons . 
  what , a francophone minority you say ? 
  to arms , citizens !, 
  we must free our brothers from oppression and seize this land * coughandthebankscough * !, 
  i already have a name for this new ~ ~ annexation ~ ~ addition to our territory : novo frantsiya . 
  first time ive ever heard this joke about somebody else than us . 
  and boy have i heard it , in my 10 + years of surfing the anglophone internet . 
  ok , this video is certainly showing something but i 'm not sure what it is . 
  that racism is hurtful ? 
  decent people know that . 
  there is no need to remind them . 
  non-decent people will be unphased by this video . 
  plus there is a kid by himself , looks staged . 
  with its nasty , pointy teeth !, 
  i hate this wording so much . 
  is there any other relevant putin in the world right now ? 
  is there any chance that we 'll mistake him for another guy if his country is not specified ? 
  try it with other leaders and see how stupid that sounds . 
  france 's hollande met with germany 's merkel to discuss ukraine . 
  usa 's obama says he supports a cease fire . 
  down with this linguistic retardation . 
  ah yes , i remember this hilarious article a few months ( years ? ), 
  back that was basically saying `` iceland to decide on agreement to finally withdraw eu application '' or something :d, 
  i did n't really know who he was or what he wrote , but this making the news and everyone 's reactions make me think i should check it out, 
  you do n't know that . 
  `` the french , amirite guys ? '', 
  i 'm not angry , rather annoyed . 
  cry me a river . 
  the uk ( and ireland ) decided to play solo for schengen , power sockets and left-hand traffic . 
  we decided to have our own keyboard . 
  big deal ( not ) . 
  read the comment by / u/martelfirst , it 's explained well, 
  no , no . 
  relevance is like reddit karma . 
  the more you have the better . 
  france stronk , france relevant . 
  do n't underestimate how fucked up or just how stupid kids can be on their own . 
  in october last year a 14 year old french girl was stopped by her family in marseille on her way to syria . 
  i 'd link you to a subtitled video if i had one , but you should hear her speak so nonchalantly about it : '' yeah like ... 
  i wanted to go check out like , what the whole jihad thing was , like , whatever ... '' standard air-head teenager , except she 's talking about terrorist decapitating everyone in the middle east . 
   children are leaving european cities to fight in the middle east ... as far as i know , that did n't happen with conflicts in africa because there was nothing connecting european kids to the fighting . 
  in the current case there is islam . 
  religion can be used for the worst , like convincing little kids to leave their home and life behind to go kill people . 
  yeah but , huh ... we have more relevance so we win !, 
  france is a `` country of kuffar '' but he 's `` representing 6-7 ( strasbourg ) '' ... another nugget of jihadi logic right there . 
  the point is , even in a country like the usa which is * relatively civilised * ... ( i kid i kid :d ) , kids may be in close contact with guns , even supervised . 
  so why be surprised that fucked up places put a rifle in their hands and send them on their merry way . 
  they can hold a weapon fine enough and they 're easily manipulated , just what a terrorist army needs , it 's obvious they 're going to use kids . 
  shut up , horizontal france . 
  did n't they tell you to sit up straight at school ? 
  congratulations canada for getting fm radio !, 
  ah i see , tactical neon-oranje camouflage !, 
  hiding in plain sight !, 
  netherlands you are of genius !, 
   some people are into the whole urban decay theme lol who the hell enjoys shitty neighborhoods, 
  that 's just showing concern for the respect of speed limits within urban areas . 
  i can get behind that . 
  if you really want to be evil you 'd give them 12 points and arrange for other countries to do the same , so they 're stuck with the organisation of the contest . 
  no it 's true for french viewers , i 'm not saying anything about other languages . 
  you ca n't possibly understand what sounds better to french viewers unless you 're french yourself . 
  humor , do you speak it ? 
  i feel like marseille is kind of our napoli . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  you have a narrow view of the situation .
