  you 're a fool if you think the russians are capable of taking on the entire union ; i think just a few big players would be enough to stop them ( france , uk , germany , poland is really stepping up . . ) , and if not then definitely 27 armies allied against them would do the trick . 
  and i did n't even count nato and a tiny detail called the us of a. i 've heard they 're pretty good at this army thing . 
   a year ago no one would 've tought russia will invade ukraine it was improbable , but not impossible ; putin going full hitler made it happen . 
  now if you want impossible things , russia attacking eu/nato is one . 
  they would get their ass handed to them . 
   i ca n't see why others should share the losses . 
  because it 's not fair to ask france to be the only one taking such a big hit . 
  the actions against russia have been for the most part token sanctions , cancelling the ship deal would be a hard , tangible sanction with clear consequences , not only for russia but especially for france . 
  we have a major military-industrial complex . 
  if the sale is cancelled it will reflect badly on our reputation as arms dealer ( i know , it 's not a very moral reputation to have anyway ) and affect future contracts . 
  a big part of our economy depends on this , we 're talking billions of euros of contracts that customers may reconsider giving to us . 
  i do n't know if you noticed but our economy is for a good part going to shit , that 's why the government wo n't so easily jeopardize billions worth of potential contracts . 
  do n't try to counter this with `` easy for you to worry about economy , we in the east have to worry about our land '' ; i 'll answer right back asking how delusional do you have to be to even consider that russia will step a foot on nato territory . 
  everyone is telling france to stop the sale but nobody is willing to fork over the money . 
  does n't add up . 
  make up your minds : either you pay for the ship or russia gets it , it 's as simple as that . 
  for the record i hate that we 're selling ships to russia , particularly after the plane incident , but nobody seems to understand the sale will happen if compensation for the ship does n't come from somewhere else . 
  they 're going to get destroyed by uber for sucking so much . 
  good . 
   slovenia : petrol , branch : petrol if that 's not straightforward , i do n't know what is . 
   i think the us congress made a good comment about this when suggesting that nato buy the ships so , did nato make an offer ? 
  between `` france passes gay marriage '' and `` some violent opposition from a minority '' what do you think is the bigger news ? 
  the way you present things is just dumb, 
  please . 
  they have a revolution brewing . 
  i think that 's a chicken . 
  a demonic , homosexual , eurojew chicken . 
  big nation , rich history , but the culture tends to be machist and homophobic, 
  our politicians are a fucking joke when it comes to this . 
  everytime their shady little malfeasances are brought under the spotlight , it 's a `` conspiracy '' plotted by the opposition . 
  pointing fingers like kindergarteners is what these wankers do best . 
  it does seem the right wing has a tendency to do it more though . 
  right , make that a ban on open carry for anything bigger than side arms . 
  wearing pistol holsters like cops is `` ok '' . 
  [ this ] ( http://medinagazette.northcoastnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/webcarry03.jpg ) is not . 
  i think their gun culture is insane , but i 've come to realise that taking away their right to own guns would be a terrible idea . 
  not because of the `` well regulated militia '' bullshit , but because the sheer number of weapons already in circulation which inevitably end up in the hands of criminals . 
  in my opinion they should never have allowed gun ownership ( hard case to make in the wake of the independance war . . ) but now that they have for so long , it 's too late to go back . 
  they could use more control though . 
  i would advocate for a total ban on open-carry . 
   very probably later in jail . 
  ah , optimism , what a nice feeling . 
  the 100s of workers whose jobs depend on this transaction do n't care how rich france is, 
  we should cover eu institutions more in school, 
  so are the weird shapes useful in any way , or is their only purpose to confuse the fuck out of me ? 
  i hate that we 're doing this too , but a contract was signed and must be honored ; and it 's easy for me to criticise when it 's not my job on the line . 
  also , with our shitty economy i do n't think we 're in position to write off such big monies . 
  the sack falling over must be part of the social-gay euronazi agenda . 
  they 're not sure how yet , but that 's the only possible explanation . 
  is there anything we do that russia does n't oppose ? 
  i mean apart from lining their pockets with gas money . 
  what if they just share my views ? 
  i made it clear that i 'm not opposed to immigration . 
  it 's true i have `` no fucking clue what it 's like to have nothing '' . 
  what i disapprove is the simplistic vision of both cyridius and the guys in the article . 
  if we could deal with immigration the way they suggest , we would , we are n't assholes at the point of letting them struggle out of pure hatred . 
  my key argument here is this : how can we do it as they suggest when we ca n't even do that with our own people ? 
  they want shelter , ok we can build some . 
  but more people always come , more than we have space , we ca n't keep building infinite shelters . 
  they want food ? 
  we can provide some , but more people come , so we need more food . 
  they want jobs ? 
  how can we give them all a job when such a large part of our own people ca n't get one ? 
  jobs are at the base of this pyramid and there are so few . 
  if you ca n't get a job but still want shelter & food , it needs to be paid by tax money . 
  we pay for it to some extent , which drives * even more * people to come . 
  it 's endless . 
  it 's the first time i hear something like this but this guy is probably not alone . 
  they do n't realise you ca n't just ask for stuff and get it just like that . 
  he does have valid points about police brutality ( then again , the police is n't necessarily wrong when they cite an outbreak as reason to evacuate the camp ) . 
  shelter should be provided , but everywhere we build some `` official '' ones , they soon become overflowing with people who never stop coming and some have to be turned away to end up on the streets as well . 
  i guess more could be built but it 's not a durable solution because there will always be more people than space . 
  it 's an endless problem , unless more countries become attractive enough to better distribute the migration flows ( not anytime soon ) or unless the places these people come from get their shit together ( lol nope ) . 
  we try to help . 
  it 's hard . 
  means are n't unlimited , and the number of people in need is astounding . 
  it 's not possible to instantly do something for everyone . 
  look , i do n't blame them for taking a shot at better lives , i would do the same in their place , it 's the attitude . 
  there is this quote in the article about immigrants on a hunger strike : `` we will not eat food until the british and french authorities sort out our problems '' . 
  like , seriously ? 
  they seemingly think that once they made it here , they 're entitled to the vip welcome package with free money , a 2 bedroom house and unlimited jerbs !, 
  we do n't even manage to eliminate poverty among our own population , how are we supposed to cater to the every need of all the immigrants who come here illegally ? 
  if we could do that do n't you think we would have used the same method on our own people long ago ? 
  it would be awesome : no unemployment , no homelessness , no malnutrition , no poverty !, 
  but no . 
  because yes our countries are rich , but we do n't do miracles . 
  so sure , try and immigrate here , if you succeed good for you , if you manage to make a living and settle , even better . 
  but do n't expect bloody paradise and make demands . 
  `` we will not eat food until the british and french authorities sort out our problems '' my favourite quote . 
  pretty much sums it up . 
  that 's more or less what those who do n't worship him think as well . 
  you can close the bets right now . 
  many high ranking ump members ( and many citizens too ) think of him as their lord and savior , he 's * definitely * coming back . 
  we have our own version of `` in the world 's asshole '' , `` le trou du cul du monde '' . 
  there is also `` perp\u00e8te les oies '' ( `` faraway-by-the-geese '' ) to talk about a crappy remote town . 
  `` trou paum\u00e9 / trou perdu '' ( lost hole ) too . 
   in french syphilis is called the english disease nobody ever calls it that . 
  ca n't speak for the brits but i also doubt they call it french disease . 
  enough said . 
  i do n't think we 'll come to that , but if we do , i do n't belong here anymore .
