  it 's a waste of time for conscripted personnel and completely unnecessary in our times . 
  we wo n't be involved in a major scale war anytime soon . 
  oh hi , m. russian apologist . 
  most transportation is done by bus and trains anyway . 
   accusing france of ` cannibalism ' dafuq ? 
  i 'm used to accusations of colonialism everytime we do so much as move a finger in the general direction of africa , but this is a new one . 
  i wonder where they got it from . 
  why would they approve something like that when they 've been locking up anti-war protesters before ? 
  21 living with my parents . 
  it is impossible to own a house without a lot of money here , so i expect to rent an appartment when i find a job and move out . 
   quite often when we say `` i 'm sure it 's my fault '' , we mean `` i 'm sure it 's your fault '' yes , that 's what i 'm saying makes no fucking sense :d, 
  what the british says : `` i 'm sure it 's my fault '' . 
  what the british means : `` it 's not my fault '' . 
  well that makes no fucking sense . 
  here 's to the `` french passionate critic style '' . 
  scandinavia is once again the best at everything . 
  what else is new ? 
   forces us to examine our past yeah , because the holocaust definitely is n't already present enough in our minds . 
  we need to think about it even more and maybe keep apologising forever , good idea . 
   also , i send a gentle `` fuck off '' to my fellow countrypeople for acting like this is a national insult who is offended ? 
  we 're not offended , rather appalled because this is stupid . 
  these people are greedy , and despite being born europeans they obviously had no trouble to adopt the very american behavior of suing everything at the first occasion . 
  a few decades . 
  i do n't know man , i 'm not too keen on a fight to the death right now . 
  how about thumb wrestling ? 
  fried meatballs and mini-croissants/brioche ? 
  come on ... 
  phew . 
  i stopped breathing a little when i read this title . 
  piss off already . 
  a small piece of ukraine ca n't possibly be enough to feed russia , which has a population 3 times as large . 
  well , wars in the first world at least . 
  what about the soldiers ? 
  i wonder where the army in crimea stands . 
  the ukrainian officers in the video were ethnic russians right ? 
  if they wo n't back down , would that suggest the army sees the russians for the invaders they are , regardless of their ethnicity , and will still be loyal to ukraine ? 
   our cabinent building is even more imposing on both this picture and the first one , i see no guards or walls . 
  it looks like any random person passing by would be able to just drop by and say hi to ministers . 
  also it 's refreshing to read news on something else than the ukrainian powder keg waiting to ignite . 
  i ca n't fucking believe this . 
  they walk in like they own the place and expect army divisions to bow before them while they take all the weapons , for no reason ? 
  that 's a new level of russian insanity . 
  i do n't know , black putin is certainly unsettling but i think white obama works surprisingly well . 
  a land of muslim rooskies with oil ... 
  where exactly do you stand on this issue ? 
  i mean you have a russian flair , but judging by what you 've been posting you do n't approve too much of the surprise anschluss . 
  i 'm asking seriously , why are they all there ? 
  turkish cypriot and greek , obviously , turkish and greek i can understand , they want to support `` their '' side and balance powers , british army i know they have bases there , but what about all the others ? 
  un , israel , france , russia ? 
  or rather , you invited them in for a bit and now they 're drinking all your tea and eating your crumpets , but you 're too polite to say it 's time to leave :d, 
  i did n't even know about most of these being present in cyprus . 
  i do n't think he lives here now , and even then , he 's still french . 
  ca n't be a foreigner in your own country . 
  i thought they had disbanded long ago . 
  some of them say the border guards should shoot on sight . 
  edit : this is getting gownvotes ? 
  do you think shooting immigrants on sight is a good idea or something ? 
   there is a second name for parliament in russia - `` mad printer '' . 
  let me guess : putin is the one pressing the buttons . 
  why would they be `` forced to go live in the west '' ? 
  can you sum up what this says ? 
   you 'd just stay and do nothing as your country ukraine is not their country . 
  you are so far up russia 's ass you think ukraine belongs to them !, 
  that just shows what an idiot you are . 
  spoiler , it does n't . 
  protecting your influence zone stops being fine when it takes violating another state 's sovereignty . 
  if russia does n't like that ukraine wants a new government , they can suck it !, 
  it 's not for them to decide . 
  it 's not the fucking ussr anymore . 
  you must be one of these easter europeans with stockholm syndrome , nostalgic of the time when your country was russia 's bitch . 
  well most people are n't , and if they want to distance themselves from russia it is their right . 
  i do n't see how anyone can do anything really , apart from economic sanctions and strongly worded letters . 
  it took me some time to get it , shame on me . 
  but hats off to you . 
  if she does n't wake up soon , the position she could have taken will have to be filled by an immigrant !, 
  and that 's how they take our jerbs !, 
  immigrants are responsible for coma !, 
  if i were russia and i cared about crimeans , maybe i would not escalate the situation with a potential to start a real fight , in the middle of which the crimeans would be caught and in danger of death ? 
  do you really not see the utter stupidity of your circular logic or are you just a troll ? 
  what you 're saying is insane . 
  `` let 's provoke action from the ukrainians , so the ethnic russians are in actual danger , now we have a reason to step in officially to protect them ... from the fight we started '' . 
  that is just supremely dumb . 
   they want to provoke action from the ukrainian authorities , action that could be later used to justify the need to protect russians yes and that 's called trying to start some shit . 
  surely you will agree it 's a wrong course of action . 
  that 's a ridiculous defense . 
  `` others do it '' is n't worth shit to defend russia 's actions . 
  both usa and china got a lot of shit for their actions . 
  i want to know why the russians think it 's ok to violate ukrainian sovereignty whereas the new government of kiev has n't made a threatening move towards crimea . 
  if we are to believe some articles on the front page of this subreddit , russia is currently violating ukraine 's sovereignty by occupying some spots in crimea with troops . 
  i would say that makes it okay to not be a big fan of russia . 
  look at [ this dude ] ( http://www.metronews.fr/_internal/gxml!0/r0dc21o2f3vste5s7ezej9x3a10rp3w$cver7ihiywsy48urbemk4erhs23s94u/000_par7730040.jpeg ) being all suave on guard duty . 
  he looks straight out of a fragrance commercial . 
  now that 's a challenge !, 
  you make it sound very worrying . 
  i thought iceland was pretty relaxed with the whole eu debate , no matter if the general public was rather in favor or opposed to joining . 
  you ca n't put them all together . 
  why this generalised mistrust ? 
  also , every driver in the street can decide to run you over if they want to . 
  but most do n't , because you know , they 're not insane . 
  do you also distrust every person with a car because they might kill you ?
