  there are n't much of them left but they can be loud sometimes . 
  in this case , their feeling of religious righteousness + the fact that it 's france ended up in a pretty large demonstration . 
  given that we demonstrate for anything , it would have surprised me if nothing had happened for such a topic . 
  they came up with the silliest arguments , just like the american christians who feel `` persecuted '' ; they said the government was forcing the bill on us , denying our values and democracy , that it was a tyranny . . ( even though it was a campaign promise of hollande , so he was elected on this agenda ) in the end they 're just a crazy bunch who yell very loud to compensate their lack of actual representation in the general population, 
  not knowing chechnya is one thing , it is another to completely mix it up with another unrelated country . 
  the mistake was even on some of their news , that 's pretty bad . 
  g\u00e9orgie in french, 
  i do n't know how you could think it would be perceived well . 
  this is the kind of joke the far-right likes to make , and they mean it . 
  so yeah that was a little bit `` distasteful '' . 
  bring it bro , on the internet i have rudely surrendered my smelly commie-baguettes so many times by now , there 's not much left for you to mock  ` muricans on the other hand are a permanent source of new stereotypical entertainment !, 
  we can switch countries locations ? 
  how come nobody ever told me that ? 
  brb , i 'll go set something up with the bahamas, 
  it 's a joke , i know they 're idiot teens . 
  i also do n't blame a whole country for a few retards . 
  it 's just that the americans ' relative lack of knowledge of other countries is one of the biggest stereotypes about you guys ; and in my experience , the most true among all . 
  for example , when that us exchange student asked me if french was written left to right or right to left . 
  looking back , i hope my reaction did n't embarass her too much , but it would have been too hard to keep a straight face . 
  oh come on . 
  we ca n't even laugh at these living stereotypes now ? 
  the finest geopolitical experts of ` murica, 
  i get it , but going through the steps to get an armed team on the scene gives armed criminals a time advantage that can make a difference . 
  it 's not as fast as having the first cop to witness the deed able to oppose resistance . 
  if i was planning a robbery in the uk or something , i would find a way to get guns illegally ( as in any country ) and use the hell out of that advantage . 
  i 'm sure this happens , but if it 's working overall then good . 
  i think france is a great country ( yeah no shit , see my flair ) , but why would you choose that ? 
  the uk is doing much better economically , to me it seems that france 's situation is halfway between germany and italy ... and could keep going in either direction . 
  plus you would need to learn the language . 
  i would recommend germany , solid economy and they speak english . 
  i feel perfectly ok with it . 
  i think no civillian should be allowed to bear guns ever , and that all police officers should have guns at all times . 
  i do n't like the idea of guns , but if someone should have them it 's definitely the cops . 
  unarmed police may be a viable alternative in some countries ( even if i do n't understand this choice at all ) , but in france , those who think it would work are hippies in need of a reality check . 
  edit : thank you very much for the downvotes . 
  there was a question asking our opinion and i gave mine , how does it deserves downvotes ? 
  it 's contributing to the discussion , whether you like my opinion or not . 
  you forgot slovenia , they stick it to sweden :p, 
  there are n't many of them in france , so i have a limited perception of them . 
  sometimes they run kebab shops , which is good ( hmmmm so good ) . 
  sometimes their community still tries to deny the armenian genocide , which is bad . 
  also they seem not to be involed too often into controversies about islam like north africans , which i think deserves noting . 
  as long as the retard chinese will pay good money to buy ivory for their bullshit medicine , there will be people ready to do this . 
  the main tgv lines that connect big cities are nice . 
  the average suburb trains we use for everyday 's commutes , not really . 
  they 're pretty much what you described in your second paragraph , except that there is no 1st class , and it 's dirty and smelly . 
  also we 're french , so strikes . 
  all the damn time . 
  hahaha the brit says our train network is professional :d well sir if that 's an honest comparison to the uk system , i 'm left wondering how messed up your trains are, 
  we never deport our own ; the fact that it happened to him proves he wasnt french . 
  if he was , he would have got into legal trouble and possibly prison because of the hate speach laws . 
  actually i would have preferred him to be one of my compatriots , he would actually have got a taste of jail . 
  he 's lucky to just get kicked out . 
  i 'm late to the party but it does say `` deported back to his native algeria '', 
  i do n't mind blue people ... http://johntesh.deviantart.com/art/liara-t-soni-16-289605680 oh you 're a guy . 
  by the way , one more thing : in france they teach us that brits are actually a different kind of humans , and that you actually have tea in the veins instead of blood ; the excessive amount of tea you consume is in fact to make up for tea loss through sweat and urine . 
  that 's true right ? 
  right ? 
  that 's possible too . 
  i just go with my explanation because it 's funnier , and also it 's true :d when i go to the beach and i see brits , they often have the worst sunburns . 
  i 've also heard we call you guys `` the tea bags '' ( self explanatory ) but it 's hardly ever used, 
  `` allemagne '' is just the regular word we use for `` germany '' in french ; germans are the `` allemands '' . 
  there is nothing special about it , i 'm not sure i understand your post . 
  do you want derogatory terms ? 
  germans : les schleuhs . 
  it 's from a north african people , it was first used to designate colonial troops of the french army who were non french speaking during ww1 . 
  then it was applied to the germans in ww2 because they were n't french speaking either i guess lol brits : we call them les rosbifs because when they come on holidays down south and they go to the beach , they get red like a piece of roast-beef because they never see the sun italians : we call them les ritals , because ... 
  i dunno , it 's shorter i guess . 
  that 's all i have for now !, 
  oh sorry i misunderstood . 
  well then , how about we start a kickstarter to place a contract on his head and hire a hit squad . 
  i 'll throw in 20 $ to begin . 
  is n't that just a regular day in germany, 
  stop wasting your time . 
  you and i both now only death can stop him from doing whatever the fuck he wants , he owns italy . 
  for the very fashion-aware italians , wrapping one 's tie in such an offensive way is a capital offense . 
  i do n't know enough about portuguese to figure out what 's wrong ... 
  this sounds promising . 
  ubisoft is french . 
  it 's just bantz , m8 . 
  buddy , i can see the broomstick coming out of your ass from accross the channel . 
  i 'm with the spanish guy here , i think i 'll order whatever i damn well please and not give a fuck about silly etiquette . 
  the key to a fun pub experience is to relax and to not be an asshole to the staff or other pub-goers . 
  none of this matters . 
  if these regions rightfully belonged to russia they should have re-established control over them before the disappearance of ussr . 
  or engaged immediately with ukraine an official process to get them back . 
  but they did n't do that ... they allowed this region to be part of ukraine for what , 35 years without saying anything . 
  if this does n't look like giving up a legitimate claim , i do n't know what does . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with the results . 
  i know a `` clean '' referendum would probably have ended up in favor of rejoining russia . 
  what i criticise is the method . 
  i think you 're the one being affected by the dunning kruger effect here . 
  find some real arguments instead of throwing around big words to look clever . 
  yeah ... after russia had already invaded and took control of everything and they did n't let any international observers close , except right wing crazies on their payroll . 
  real nice referendum indeed , but it should have been organised under ukrainian authority and without an invading foreign force to `` secure '' the voting process with their guns . 
  nice job gobbling up russian propaganda . 
  i ca n't believe you 're trying do defend what russia did with such a bad argument ... you do n't get to unilaterally decide that something is illegitimate and grounds for a fucking invasion . 
  these regions were made part of ukraine when the ussr broke up , they should have thought about ethnic distribution before drawing the borders . 
  once you 've given these lands to ukraine , you let ukraine police them . 
  if these lands were to return to russia officially , it would have to come from inside ukraine by means of popular will and referendum .
