  2016 is the year of crazy politics . 
  i do n't really think reddit is representative . 
  i just wanted to restate the facts . 
  the `` where from '' is not really debated , everyone agrees they came from france . 
  it 's the `` who '' . 
  the argument for dishonest people is that they were really viking `` mercenaries '' who went to fuck shit up in england right after having done the same in france . 
  the truth is that normandy was incorporated as a vassal region of france in 911 , and that by 1066 the small all-male crews of viking invaders had had about 150 years to lose their language , culture and religion through assimilation with the locals who always vastly outnumbered them . 
  that said , some norman nobles probably kept a stronger viking bloodline than the common people . 
  haha , this goes beyond contention , it 's flat out revisionism . 
  some brits try really hard to hammer their claim that the normans were basically tall blond vikings fresh off the boat , because they can not handle that an english army was once beaten by a french army . 
  i want to believe most of them are just taking part in banter , but i 'm definitely sure that some nationalist dummies really believe it . 
  i was shocked for a moment that you could simply `` add to cart '' and buy an airplane like it ai n't no thing . 
  then i realised i was an idiot . 
   i very much doubt people get pissy over an invasion that happened 950 years ago you should hang out around here more . 
  the amount of salt produced by your countrymen anytime this is mentioned is fantastic . 
   you get to keep everything . 
  that 's right , * everything * . 
  is there such a thing as being so spectacularly retarded that it kind of goes around , reappears to the other end of the spectrum and becomes good journalism ? 
  if there is , this is it . 
  you should have known . 
  do n't get into a land war in asia , do n't get into a tabloid war with the uk . 
  common sense . 
  the good part about being the government is that you get to keep everything . 
  well not if she wants her family to retain a cushy life for who knows how long . 
  republican sentiment would surge if she acted like a douche . 
  is it true that belfast now experiences tayto vs king sectarian tensions , as opposed to republican vs loyalist ? 
  well , i 'm quite sure pretty much nobody here knew anything about the king of thailand . 
  on the other hand his death gives perspective to the life of the one european monarch we all know , so there is a discussion to be had . 
  it 's not like we 're disrespecting bhumibol 's memory . 
   her majesty behaves better than basically all our elected politicians is n't that because she never has to do the actual governing and `` get her hands dirty '' ? 
  not to dismiss the work she does , but it does n't seem she 's ever a key player in the country 's main issues . 
  right ? 
  damned swiss , screwing with our uniform blue coloring of the map !, 
  again , what is your point ? 
  i do n't know what you 're implying . 
  i 'm sure a few decapitations on the guillotine would make great tv , but we do n't do that anymore . 
  we have increasingly been beating christianity into submission for centuries , they got used to not dictating their whim anymore . 
  islam evolved separately and is relatively new to the western world , hence why its followers have super thin skin . 
  we 're off to a rough start but i 'm confident time will help . 
  i 'm usually not one to exacerbate ethnic tensions , but biebs is entirely on the anglos ... 
  now if only they were a little oppressed ... we could ~ ~ invade ~ ~ support a legitimate insurrection , rescue our brothers from across the border and reclaim this rightful french clay . 
  you missed the point , we do n't eat that for breakfast . 
  that 's the point . 
  is it any weirder than sausage , bacon and beans ? 
   when entering a store , just say bonjour to the cashier/employee . 
  it 's the polite thing there and is their culture . 
  it 's so strange to me that this counts as cultural quto you . 
  how is it not an unwritten rule everywhere to greet service people , or any person you 're having business with ? 
  if it 's a small store and the counter is right by the door with someone behind it , i do n't see where it would n't be rude to just walk past them without a word . 
  for larger stores , or if the employees are busy with something else when i walk in , i just save my `` bonjour '' for when they get to me . 
  does n't everyone do that ? 
   the subway is really depressing . 
  well it 's a subway , not a tourist attraction . 
  what do you expect , orchestras and stand up comedians in the wagons ? 
  it 's just fine for getting around , despite being rather dirty and sometimes a bit crowded . 
   organ thief i had to take a moment to think about how strange it was to be stereotyped as people who steal large musical instruments . 
  how about you go in the opposite direction : build a huge cathedral , but with launch pads in the towers instead . 
  ai n't nobody messing with godly missiles !, 
  does n't it make more sense to trade locally rather than with an arbitrary and very spread out area ? 
  you talk about exporting to asia as it 's a bad thing . 
  people do n't know how * good * we have it . 
  are they known for delays ? 
  i 've never heard this , nor had any troubles the few times i used it . 
  it 's the internet , there could be anyone behind those nicknames . 
  you can imagine you 're exchanging messages with a bombshell mexican girl if you like , or with a hairy one-legged pink-haired dwarf woman , if you 're into that . 
  not that i am . 
  because i 'm not . 
  totally just being hypothetical here . 
  he has a small cult-following of people who think he is the second coming of jesus . 
  the left wingers hate him , his own party lr ( minus his supporters ) wants him gone . 
  the far right party ( fn ) probably hates him the most because he 's trying to poach their voters . 
  i do n't think he is very popular across the board , he just says a lot of outrageous shit and makes the news because of it . 
  not really . 
  france ca n't play with their currencies as it wishes , especially with the eu/ecb watching . 
  the short version is that france has kept very close relationships with most of its former african colonies , especially between heads of state . 
  libya was an italian colony , but france has historically been the bigger european player in that area so that probably explains it . 
  they make trades : african leader grants a juicy contract ( energy , natural resources , construction ... ) to a french company ( or for sarko , helps get him elected ) , french president commits our influence and/or military might to propping up the dictator 's regime . 
  look how much land france used to control in africa : in most of the countries that now exist there , is a potential dictator willing to consider such `` friendly trades '' . 
  right now : he is suspected of receiving illegal libyan money to fund his campaign , from his good buddy gaddafi ... before starting a war which got him killed . 
  yep . 
  this is only the top story though , there is more juicy stuff sarko has been accused of that i ca n't remember . 
  thanks !, 
  the video is not as funny knowing what they 're singing , it takes away from the `` just russians being russian '' picture :d, 
  what is it about ? 
  is that such a hassle ? 
  i think the wasted potential from not consolidating subreddits is greater than the time saved by avoiding redundant posts . 
  most of us appreciate a guy who came to post here for no reason besides being friendly ... it 's refreshing between all the posts about war , terrorism , politics and other grim stuff . 
  do n't be grumpy , enjoy the little things . 
  what 's the point of separating ? 
  it 's an internet joke , we 're not this fucking weird . 
  i was told by a brit who teaches here that the certifications necessary are part of the problem . 
  apparently they 're built too much like the ones for the other subjects ( very academic and supervised , which is n't great for languages ) and place foreigners at a disadvantage since locals are obviously more familiarised with the required teaching frameworks . 
  if that is true , it 's no wonder many english teachers are not native speakers . 
  so it is actually russia that found the chappa'ai and developed hyperdrives . 
  stargate sg1 = capitalist propaganda confirmed, 
  he earned this title after defeating the previous chief in a duel to the death . 
  he deserves some respect . 
   gorillasodank\u00e4yntiin there it is , the part i look for everytime this is reposted in a new language, 
  he and bojo will form a dream team of unprecedented potential !, 
   this generalisation you have about the anglophone sphere hating the french is just a projection as opposed to being real .
