  do you really think the only thing we want is for ukraine to be forgotten so we can go on with the mistral deal and get lots of money ? 
  we may have our own interests in mind ( what a crime ) , but we are not such complete emotionless cash registers . 
   it should not be surprised that the ally will go elsewhere for their purchase . 
  implying we 're stuck on the fact that poland is free to play up competition . 
  that 's not the case , we understand why poland is doing it , we just bring counter arguments . 
   i am talking about how not scrapping a deal with russia in light of their recent actions and rhetoric can be seen as indirectly threating by poland and how their reaction is understandable . 
  you replied that to me , as i was explaining why the deal has n't been scrapped `` the moment crimea was annexed '' , to quote the other guy . 
  namely , because big bucks are involved and no president right in his mind is going to cross 3bn off the balance sheet just like that . 
  tell me how your reply is coherent with that . 
  what is this ? 
  my browser says it 's not secure . 
   it should not be surprised that the ally will go elsewhere for their purchase . 
  again twisting the words of others to make your point . 
  by the way , your comment as a reply to mine does n't make any sense . 
  this is not what i said , stop twisting my words . 
  and do n't make me the spokesperson for the entire french reddit community either , everyone has their own opinion and i 'm only sharing mine . 
  which is why the deal has n't ( yet ) gone through without a hitch . 
  but you would have to be naive to think heads of state would make such a big decision in so little time . 
  you 're astounded a government did n't give up 3bn euros in a heartbeat ? 
  have you been living in a utopia all this time or what . 
   you loose 3bn and `` reputation '' ... among cruel dictators in 3rd world countries i guess . 
  you 're basically saying `` the weapons trade is bad '' which is n't false ... but if world powers cared about that then nobody would be in it . 
  i mean that your point holds no weight for an arm dealer . 
   might get 3bn from nato lol , when has that ever been an option ? 
  when has any nato spokesperson mentioned it as an option ? 
   might have a bunch of good ships on your side when war with russia becomes a thing ah , you 're among those who believe in the possibility of an all out war against russia . 
  nevermind the fact that they ca n't touch anybody in europe ( besides ukraine - done and belarus , who i 'm sure would rather like that ) without bringing half the fucking planet against them . 
  seriously , that is n't realistic at all . 
  besides even if it was , 2 ships would n't help russia against the combined powers of nato and eu , and conversly we are so powerful that they would n't add much to our own military capacities . 
  i did n't deny that . 
  i 'm saying : if we cancel the mistral deal , that 's a guaranteed 3bn + massive rep loss . 
  poland * maybe * chooses us for their contract but has virtually no obligation to do so . 
  the americans , germans , brits ... give us a pat on the back , and in a few years when a new big arms deal comes up they will jump at the occasion to say `` do n't buy french , look how unreliable they were with russia . 
  buy ours instead . '', 
  if we go ahead with the mistral deal , we lose for sure the polish deal ( for which nothing is decided yet anyway ) and get called the bad guys by everyone else in the west who was n't asked to sacrifice so many tangible things at once ( contract money + reputation ) . 
  no matter which option you think is right , we 're in for major losses . 
  ok genius , now explain to me how not selling the ships is going to give ukraine all the lost land back . 
  the georgian war was way different . 
  the separatist regions of georgia were already on fire when russia joined , and the central government already had lost control ; the russian intervention just confirmed this loss of control . 
  in ukraine russia made a land grab and actively helped maintain the fire of separatism when it could have been dealt with by the ukrainians , had no one intervened . 
   the owner of audi , should at least drive an audi ? 
  our `` audis '' are ships , fighter jets , armored vehicles ... and all of these we use . 
  your comparison does n't stand because it implies we somehow own technologies for the sole purpose of export , and that does n't make sense . 
  you think the famas is shit , and you may be right , but the solution here is to either buy a new rifle from an existing manufacturer ( which is what france is going to do i think ) or develop a new one ; not use some `` secret '' rifle we already have but that was kept in the back of a warehouse ( because we do n't have such a rifle ), 
   selling it arms was irresponsible . 
  as are many ( most ? ), 
  arms deals . 
  i guess there is no way to overshadow the big bucks . 
  i thought you quit ? 
  anyways . .  how about spending some of it at home turf i do n't see what you 're trying to say . 
  how is spending money an alternative to obtaining foreign money ? 
  that 's like ... twice less moneys !, 
   you could replace that god-damn famas already on tracks , in case you did n't know . 
  finally , it 's pointless to address me like i 'm the guy in charge . . 
  i sure hope you voiced these concerns to your officers during your time in the legion . 
   the difference is , they are ** now ** projecting their power closer to us , yes , now , so they did n't do it before . 
  we can * now * agree it was a bad decision , but like i said elsewhere hindsight is 10/10 . 
  hindsight is 10/10 . 
  yes , today we can definitely see it was a mistake . 
   there was protesting over the contract from day one . 
  is n't there always ? 
  the arms business is a huge grey area in general , not just with russia . 
  but it will keep thriving as long as the big bucks keep flowing . 
  what a stupid interpretation of my words . 
  i never said or implied that this whole thing is a `` ruse to fuck us over '' . 
  the point is that it 's easy for poland to say `` do n't do this , and maybe we 'll give you that instead '' only to say later `` actually , about that ... yeah we 're not giving you shit '' once they got what they wanted . 
  it 's politics . 
  a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . 
  no , this time it 's not . 
  i do n't think they put us in this situation , at the time the deal was concluded russia was n't as crazy and it would have been hard to expect the ukraine thing . 
  however , today we are stuck in a lose-lose situation . 
  the government will choose whichever option they think represents the smaller loss . 
  i would love for that to happen , but has your government made it clear they want the french deal over the other ? 
  then no one will be surprised if my government is n't willing to renounce 3bn practically in their pocket , in order to * maybe * get 6 . 
  politicians are n't gamblers . 
  because that 's what arms dealers do ? 
  i do n't need to tell you the french militaro-industrial complex is huge and very influential in our economy . 
  also this deal was agreed upon long before the whole ukraine situation ( when russia was just asshole-ish and not actively threatening ) , and france has n't been the only one selling to russia , notably germany and the uk had their share of the cake too . 
  so it 's all maybes as well . 
  i can see it from miles away : france scraps the russian deal , the whole ukraine case blows over and when everybody has stopped caring about it and is looking away , poland goes `` yeaaaah we 're glad you scrapped the mistral deal , but uh ... we 're going to go with the us for our missiles ... thanks for your interest though , we 'll keep your resume on file and let you know if anything comes up '', 
   there is a chance nato will buy the ships bull . 
  shit . 
  also , you do n't play with billions based on `` there is a chance '' arguments . 
   perhaps gain more access to the polish arms market ? 
  unless poland signs a paper saying `` if you do n't sell to russia , you * will * get our business '' , this is all hot air . 
   if those deals can actually be realistically scrapped france says russia has payed already , russia says they will pay upon fulfillment of the entire contract . 
  unclear . 
  france has added that it will decide this end of the month whether the 1st ship will be delivered , provided a cease fire is agreed upon in ukraine ( which happened iirc ) ; the 2nd ship apparently needs 1 more year to be finished . 
  russian sailors are in france training to use the ship as we speak . 
  i do n't think they 're going back home without it . 
  so we are screwed no matter what the government does . 
   i think it 's safe to say that turkey is quite far away from joining the european union everyone just stop staying that already . 
  they do n't give a shit about joining anymore and those who do probably think it will never happen . 
  bono aka `` 80 courics '', 
  but poland clearly became red in the 90 's , what do you mean ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  [ in french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0592oh2lnti ) but watch it anyway . 
  [ second episode ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6izcb_-_9a ), 
  aw , do n't be sad , you have plenty to live for . 
  you know what , the rosbifs have the lip and we have the shrug , you can have ... the german dramatic stare down !,
