  this carl gustaf guy sure has a ruthless look . 
   i have no idea if they 're suddenly going to start shooting at me or not . 
  where the hell do you think you are ? 
  this is paris , not fucking baghdad . 
  our cops and soldiers are not trigger happy . 
  you 're wondering if they 're suddenly going to shoot you ... well do you plan on carrying out a terrorist attack ? 
  if not , you 're fine . 
  seriously i 've never even heard of patrolling soldiers being involved in shootings in paris , and believe me if it happened the media would cover it extensively since guns are uncommon here . 
  i can understand being intimidated by the sight of armed soldiers in the middle of the city , but you 're going too far . 
  it 's just a cool show . 
  i like the colorful uniforms . 
  plus every year or so the parade includes a special event , like in 2007 for the 50th anniversary of the treaty of rome they invited delegations from all 27 eu members to march ; and in 2010 they invited delegations from 13 former african colonies . 
  so much stupid in this comment . 
  it 's just like gay marriage . 
  attainable eventually but it will be long and difficult , piece by piece , and redneck states last in 70 years or something . 
  no we ca n't . 
  if we try , we will be dismissed as smug europeans who try to dictate american legislation because they think they 're so superior . 
  denounciation of the death penalty has to come from the inside , state by state ... 
  nothing so complicated , i 'm rather unfamiliar with all these politics . 
  i just think we are a family and i would n't like to see friends leave . 
  this is without a doubt a very simplistic vision of the whole issue but it still stands for me . 
  i see . 
  i saw him more powerful than that , my vision was biased because of salmond . 
  that said i 'm certainly happy he does n't have a chance . 
  i 'm very much in favor of the uk staying in the eu , even if i really want to slap some of your annoying politicians and journalists . 
   i do n't consider farage a major politician maybe you should ... the space taken by his party and ideas is not to be ignored . 
  meet the new boss ... 
  you 're one of these people who still think the soviet union was a positive thing ? 
  yeah right , that must be why eastern europe is an economic powerhouse today . 
  i 'm sure the poles , czechs , romanians and baltic people ( among others ) all sing the praises of communism !, 
   during soviet times yeah well these times are over . 
  and obviously a sizeable part of the ukrainian people is not too happy with the soviet past of their country . 
  today they do n't have to pretend to like communism and lenin anymore . 
  if they see these statues on their own territory as an insult , they can do anything they damn well please with them . 
  sovereignty . 
  the ussr is gone but russia never let go of ukraine . 
  this is sending the message that now is the time . 
  lenin is not only a symbol of communism , he 's a symbol of russian influence . 
  the fact that ukraine still had so many of these statues after 25 years of beeing technically free from the ussr is very telling of the grasp russia still has today . 
  there is more to it than currency . 
  the icelandic economy is a drop in the ocean , as far as i know they produce nothing major , they 're not a banking center , they probably do n't export/import much . 
  they have also never been in the eu , whereas the uk has for 37 years ; time during which things have been built between the uk and all the other countries . 
  leaving the eu for the uk involves extracting roots which is n't inconsequential . 
  iceland does n't have to go through the hassle of severing ties it never had . 
  i meant is she involved in major scandals or wrongdoings . 
  well iceland is small * enough * . 
  their economy is not as woven into the rest of europe as the uk 's . 
  why would people care about concluding the talks if they do n't expect to join eventually ? 
  she might not be as bad as yanukovich but is she clean ? 
   would hollande allow negotiators from foreign countries if something happens in african countries that are close to france ? 
  in fact the frist thing the french goverment did was a military intervention , to make sure the french interests and influence are protected . 
   and yet no one calls france a `` bully '' what a stupid thing to say . 
  both the malian and car interventions were requested by the governments and people of these countries or approved by the un , in mali to stop an extremist organisation to take over the whole country and in car to prevent the muslims and christians from slaughtering each other . 
  this is in no way comparable to the topic . 
  i 'm sure there are good arguments for the russian side but this is not one of them . 
  heard several times on french radio bulletins ( not in these terms obviously ) , latest one today . 
  and even if we disregard that , he keeps calling every european attempt at solving the crisis `` interference '' . 
  he would rather let ukrainians fight and die in the streets than allow the eu to make a step in his `` backyard '' , and that is pretty despicable . 
  putin is notorious for saying that if ukraine goes to the eu instead of remaining russia 's bitch , they will crack down on them . 
  it 's blackmailing plain and simple . 
  ukrainians should be free to associate with whomever they want . 
  but they can unpeg if needed . 
  no more of that if they adopt the euro . 
  and russia is a bully . 
  you 're saying the west spits on russia 's face , but russia is not friendly to begin with . 
  western and eu representatives are attempting to do something about the crisis and putin calls that interference , like ukraine is his own personal gameboard . 
  oh yeah , the eu is trying to `` take over the country '' . 
  you will probably tell me that putin is only interested in ukraine in a touristic way , huh ? 
  i needed a good laugh in this time of dark news . 
   before the foreigner finished his/her plate i 'm french and i 'm staying the hell away from this shit . 
  offal based dishes are not by any means a commonly appreciated food . 
  off topic but what the hell does ruk mean ? 
  i 've seen it everywhere and i ca n't find what it is . 
  around 1/3 of hospitals are public . 
  one problem with it is that such a system costs a lot of money to run properly , and its financing was/is a very present topic here . 
  moving towards something like it implies agreeing to being taxed more , which will be a bitter pill to swallow for americans . 
  i would say it 's not well known from the general public , maybe more among people with a deeper knowledge of art . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's the first time i see it . 
  ca n't go wrong with artsy boobs . 
  always a nice addition to a painting . 
  no idea where i first saw them but they 're all over the internet ( napoleon + bike ; napoleon + t rex ) . 
  i do n't think they exist in posters , but nothing prevents you from having one custom made !, 
  american gothic is actually used in the opening credits of a french tv show about art , [ d'art d'art ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2unju0atuzs ) . 
  i 've seen it countless times but i never knew this one was american . 
  i also really like nighthawks . 
  that 's worth at least the same appreciation . 
  you guys need to work your r 's though . 
  yeaaaaah i 'll accept it . 
  you get extra points for actually recording yourself !, 
  close enough , but boy they must have hated you guys when they came up with this name . 
  and french , no less !, 
  how the hell does a brit pronounce `` t\u00e9m\u00e9raire '' ? 
  very iconic and famous too , but i think it 's not as representative of our identity . 
  napoleon represents the empire while we have a deeply republican and democratic spirit . 
  edit : [ the same painting viewed by a modern eye ] ( http://www.likecool.com/gear/pic/napoleon%20bike/napoleon-bike.jpg ) , and here is the [ badass version ] ( http://lh5.ggpht.com/abramsv/sjp6npkg7zi/aaaaaaaaym8/nj-uk8j6ajw/s800/403341mrtq_w.jpg ) . 
  no doubt waterloo would have turned out differently with such `` assets '' on our side !, 
  freedom y' all !, 
  integration , though difficult , is possible . 
  many roma people enroll their kids in french schools , some get permits to stay legally which allows them legal employment with taxes , social security and whatnot , eventually they get naturalised . 
  it 's silly to believe france kicks out every foreigner that makes it here , there 's a reason why we are a choice for asylum seekers and immigrants .
