  of all the times i 've been to paris i 've never noticed a particular rudeness . 
  people are rather aware of their surroundings and know not to stop in the middle of foot traffic ( unlike tourists . . ) , when the occasional bump happens we always exchange a `` sorry '' , in the metro pregnant women or people with crutches get offered seats . 
  by the way , what 's the deal with the ghastly reputation of commuters ? 
  i 've read many times about the `` parisian metro death stare '' or that we all look like we 're going to kill ourselves , i 've never understood that . 
  in a standard metro wagon you 'll see people in groups speaking together , people asleep , people reading , people listening to music , or people staring absent-mindedly out the window . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with neutral faces . 
  nobody is going to randomly smile for no reason . 
  to sum up , i 'm sure it 's not the friendliest place on earth but it just seems like a rather regular big city with regular people . 
  i see , this confirms the index has room for improvement . 
   it fails to take into account the deterrent provided by large world powers allows them to maintain small militaries true , but to expand on this i do n't even see why the size of the army should count . 
  what really matters is how this army is used . 
  for example china 's army is twice as big as russia 's , but russia is involved in an aggressive annexion and interference in another sovereign country , so china is more peaceful . 
  this does n't sound fair . 
  i think they should differentiate military actions between peacekeeping and less `` commendable '' operations . 
  also , i would like to know what about having nukes makes a country less peaceful . 
  it 's not like we 're carpet bombing people every other day or flaunting the nukes in everyone 's face like best korea does . 
  according to our experts in online computer technology , the tor allows for the illegal download of more than 1.5 internets every day !, 
  this must be stopped !, 
  i see . 
  good for us i guess , but i think a criteria about lifestyle does n't belong in a table judging the quality of a healthcare system . 
  at least it 's not getting worse ? 
  sorry , i 'm clinging to everything i can . 
  what the hell does the `` healthy lives '' item means ? 
  how is the uk # 10 at this when they 're best at everything else , while we get 1st place even with relatively bad scores in the table ? 
  i could n't find any . 
  it 's a weird picture because the woman looks very african and the guy looks like a pakistani un peacekeeper ( blue cap ) and i do n't know on which occasion these two could be together . 
  do n't worry though , she 's very quiet ! '' ], 
   he tried to lose them ... by hiding at the parking lot of the biggest police station in this part of the country hiding where they 're least likely to look for you , that 's [ genius ] ( http://www.donegaldollop.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/rapist-search-news.jpg ) . 
  that 's an interesting way of looking at it though i still ca n't approve of hereditary leadership . 
  bhutan is a constitutional monarchy as of 2008 apparently , so it does n't work for your example . 
  it 's recent enough , so for the sake of the argument let 's consider we 're back before 2008 and bhutan is still an absolute monarchy ; i would say your choice of a good monarchy tells a lot : the population is just 700k , its economy is underdeveloped ( mostly agrarian ) , and bhutan is rather unsignificant in every way . 
  my point is , maybe they kept absolute monarchy for this long because it 's a small 3rd world country . 
  i highly doubt absolute monarchy would have lasted in bigger & richer countries even without the french revolution . 
  democracy comes with progress ( i know , you do n't think it 's a progress ) , and progress ca n't be stopped . 
  ok , in my view monarchy is submission to people who deserve none of their privileges . 
  why do you think monarchies work better ? 
  since leadership would be hereditary , how to ensure the power does n't fall into the hands of an incompetent schmuck , or a megalomaniac ? 
  also , are there modern countries that you consider to be `` effective monarchies '' , in your words ? 
  do n't bother mentioning the uk or other european monarchies , their royalties are basically useless and they all have some form of democratic government . 
  as a final comment , i do n't see how you can blame france for other people `` getting ideas '' . 
  blame your own people , they were responsible adults taking their own decisions . 
   your revolution has hurt all of europe how so ? 
  genuinely curious . 
   i 'm just not particularly fond of you i hope it 's not because of the above reasons . 
  if it is , you 're phenomenally dumb . 
  skandinavia already looks like a penis . 
  you 're really helping , your comment has the potential to start the shitstorm we might have avoided . 
  i know right ? 
  what is driving this test to think we 're all from da hood ? 
  i too got american-ebonics-canadian as dialect guesses . 
  paris has more lines and there are only so many distinct colors , they have to use shades . 
  if you compare the maps you 'll see the london tube network is also much less dense to begin with , therefore easier to deal with . 
  only about 8 % of the french workforce is unionized so i would n't call that a stereotype . 
  striking is what we do . 
  what 's going on ? 
   i do n't think the current generation feels that way so much . 
  lol, 
  that would be like asking who was the leading axis power and offering italy as an option . 
  none of us with half a brain would pick france . 
  believe me , our history books and the nice people on the internet make sure we remember how tremendously our army failed . 
   did i mention that i utterly despise muslims ? 
  yes , all of them because they deserve it you had some good points until this . 
  generalisations are never right . 
  and that 's coming from an anti-theist . 
  i know , right ? 
  it bugs me how we missed some . 
  yes , but not caring too much about one 's head is a prerequisite for the job . 
  edit : well i 'm surprised someone thought this was gold-worthy , but thank you stranger !, 
  too bad i do n't have res to make a good use of this gold . 
  i find this hard to believe . 
  these rankings are usually stolen by nordics . 
  these jokes do n't do too well outside of r/tumblrinaction . 
  what a terrible reply . 
  1 man is now `` the french '' . 
  i do n't really like pictures that only show beaches either , but that 's only a couple in the album . 
  all the others have landmarks that make them interesting . 
  very cool !, 
  i love comparisons of old and recent pictures . 
  as it says below the video , some of these places have both changed a lot and not so much . 
  we keep calling out muslims on their no true scotsman fallacies , i do n't want us to become what we denounce . 
  there 's no denying this guy is french , even if he 's scum . 
  `` dear diary , today i embezzled 1 million . 
  haha , these dumb taxpayers , if they knew ! '', 
   poor language skills look who 's talking . 
  ok c-3po , tell me more about how you 're bilingual english and american . 
  that 's a job for / r/rance / . 
  the subreddit for real proud french people . 
  if you check the sidebar you 'll see a list of reddit jargon with accurate translation in french . 
  as you will see , many words have several equivalents , but my personal favourite for circlejerk is masturbenrond . 
  if i do that , the terrorists win . 
  yes , yes it would . 
  i just chose to make my statement both authentic and inclusive of those who favor rosbif-speak . 
  of course someone had to make this about surrender . 
  we ca n't catch a damn break , i should know that by now . 
  france is # 1 at something that does n't suck !, 
  ok , i do have a tendency to mix them up . 
  i do n't think that 's the point though . 
  you 're reading this completely wrong . 
  note that this page says `` france ( the pro-europe one ) '' . 
  this is not being sorry for upholding democracy .
