  my point is this : just because terrorism kills less , does n't mean we should n't take measures . 
  when winter comes we wear warm clothes for a few months then we stop when it gets warm again . 
  we 're dealing with a terrorist crisis right now , so we take measures for a few months , and we 'll stop when the threat ends ( which looks to be soon ) . 
  what exactly is wrong with that ? 
  the fear and unrest caused by terrorists are far more impactful than the murders they actually commit . 
  do n't act like only death count matters . 
  do we go out naked in the winter because cancer kills more than the common cold ? 
   putting soldiers on the street for show only is money not spent where it may be more effective true but this is happening since 9/11 , not specific to the current state of emergency . 
  they probably committed more soldiers to patrolling , but this operation was already there before . 
   i would look more at ruining the `` isis experience '' for the extremists . 
  that could be good , but all of that is unrelated to the state of emergency . 
  if we did everything you say it would be on top of the state of emergency , not a replacement . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  you seem to think keeping the state of emergency is bad , but then you say that european terrorists will come home now that their `` state '' is crumbling and that we need to be ready for them . 
  well that 's what state of emergency is for , catching them as they come back and monitoring potential threats of attacks by those we missed at the border . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/op%c3%a9ration_chammal ) . 
  our navy and air force have conducted bombings as part of the western coalition and we also have a few special forces on the ground . 
  the 13/11/15 terrorist attack was retaliation for our engagement . 
  [ smoke weed erryday ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/tebpzqzrabic4/giphy.gif ), 
  i for one do n't mind this . 
  is is still dangerous but they 're losing ground every day , soon there wo n't be a need for this anymore . 
  i do n't think it 's a big deal for this government to maintain the emergency for the end of their term , the new people can reconsider the situation in just a few months when they take office . 
   a state in which the entire country is on alert during actual hunt for terrorists well this is it , heightened vigilance as long as is is a real threat . 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  it 's great !, 
  so she ended up in the better place , no complaint here !, 
  maybe she had one of these `` brain sleep-mode '' moments where you do n't acknowledge anything and just retain motor functions , only a very long one . 
  or she 's not all there mentally . 
  well , to me you 're that foreigner who spreads misinformed ideas on us ( for example , that we 're too pretentious to laugh at ourselves ) . 
  we french have to deal with a lot of negativity on the internet and that has worn my tolerance a bit thin . 
   by every moral code , it is not . 
  and you 're the only one to decide which moral codes are valid , i suppose ? 
   so does rape agreed . 
  i was just anticipating the `` it 's unnatural '' response which is common among believers . 
   why ? 
  what purpose is served by condoning their behaviour ? 
  the purpose of allowing 2 people to be happy together , since what they 're doing does no harm to anyone . 
   other religions have a concept of a union to create a family i do n't believe you 've studied type of union in every culture since the beginning of time . 
  and anyway , not every union has procreation as a requirement . 
  and why should there be ? 
  there are more than enough humans on this planet . 
   which homosexuals can not do now they can in some places ... through adoption !, 
  but i guess you 're not too happy about that :d  tell me when is murder necessary ? 
  i thought you were opposed to it ? 
  the key divergence here is that people like me do n't believe it 's murder . 
   contraception is n't necessary . 
  it 's a way out for people who want to do the things they should n't be doing the `` things they should n't be doing '' ? 
  who decides what they should n't be doing ? 
  oh right , you of course !, 
  and no one else gets to have an opinion , opinions are bad . 
  except when it 's yours . 
   maybe she should wait until being married to become sexually active you 're an idiot . 
  there are plenty of people out there who have sex and get pregnant because they have ** no idea ** how it works , and we ca n't prevent sex from happening . 
  the only way is education . 
  proof : the us states which teach `` abstinence only '' to young people , where the teenage pregnancy rate skyrockets compared to the other states . 
   they 're inherently different and have a different role in the world from men their difference does n't and should n't prevent them from doing most of the things men do . 
  what is this role you speak of ? 
  and again , who decided what this role should be and why should everyone be forced to abide by it ? 
   you 're not a good person . 
  that is a fact , not an opinion facts require solid proofs . 
  so far , most of what you 've said kind of looks like opinions to me . .  go to church , find christ and adjust your opinions to what god has revealed is the proper way via the scriptures and his body on earth the holy orthodox church but my friend is telling me muhammad is the real prophet and that i should become a muslim . 
  he has a lot of arguments too . 
  also , my other friend is telling me that i should become a jew because judaism is the true religion . 
  he would n't lie to me , he 's my friend !, 
  actually , even christianity itself is divided in like 100 schools with wildly varying views and they all claim to be the real one . 
  how do i know who is right ? 
  the real problem here is that you are completely unwilling to consider that not everyone shares your opinion , and that you ca n't convince anyone just by repeating `` i know the only truth '' over and over . 
  if you really care about winning people over to your cause ( which you should , as a christian ) , you need to change your approach . 
  if you lived here or followed french media , you would know that we use self deprecation a lot . 
  we react more coldly to foreigners who keep throwing at us the same tired and misinformed stereotypes . 
  same as in many countries i believe . 
  homosexuality is ok and occurs naturally in many species , not just humans . 
  there is no reason to forbid it or otherwise deny homosexuals rights that are granted to heterosexuals , including marriage ( which is not a christian concept by the way , couples everywhere had different forms of official unions way before christianity even existed ) . 
  abortion is a very unfortunate procedure that is sometimes necessary . 
  we should do everything in our power to make sure it does n't happen , mainly through education and contraception , which have both proven to be effective although not enough . 
  it has always been an emergency procedure . 
  the typical situation is when a not so well off teen girl gets pregnant . 
  bringing a child to life in that situation often means they will grow up without a father and in poverty with their mom , whose life is also ruined as a result , when they are n't just put up for adoption . 
  women should be in control of their life , enjoy equal rights and equal consideration in every way . 
  what now ? 
  did i pass ? 
   while lepen control the fn , they are not the fn . 
  yeah , only like 75 % of it ... 11 subgroups mean nothing when everyone de facto obeys marine , or her father in the earlier days . 
  you ca n't accuse lr or ps of that , their primary elections show they at least give a shot at leadership to several candidates with different ideas ( even though they generally fall within party lines ) . 
  even the greens had a primary , despite their relatively small size . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's basically all salt water and paramecia up in here , we have n't even reached the multicellular stage yet . 
  typing this with my flagellum . 
  the le pen are a full-fledged political dynasty , the antithesis of pluralism . 
  it 's objectively worse than joining a party to exploit its reach , regardless of whether she is just a pretty face or not . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  migrants are magnetically attracted to the uk and up to now they were just passing through , but now they will be stuck to the wall unable to move in any direction . 
  france being of course inhospitable for most life forms or minerals , the migrants will eventually evaporate under the extreme conditions . 
  i do n't have faith . 
  yet i do n't steal , or murder , or rape . 
  i would never consider cheating on a partner . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  fabulous he ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os6ioinfmkk ), 
  probably because it 's not very present ( or at all ) here .
