  not . 
  you cheeky bastard !, 
  please post an example of the former kinda cool flag, 
  yeah , find me one country for which you ca n't say that . 
  good old nick cage edit : and jared leto, 
  why is the nordic cross not centered ? 
  you guys wanted to mess with my ocd did n't you ? 
  you nickname is ... more than appropriate !, 
   pizza say no more . 
  yeah sometimes they slow down on the bashing to keep the readers in demand . 
  i find this offensive but funny . 
  fuck you , upvote !, 
  you should be happy then , the economist proclaims our failure in every way every other day . 
  not really the same thing . 
  and the british media writes more on us than our media writes on the british . 
  making up irish words looks fun !, 
  i 'm posting this comment from my c\u00f3mputa\u00edr . 
   it stands midway between cornwall and catalonia come on , be honest with yourself it 's nowhere near that . 
  catalonia has an actual claim . 
  i do n't know about cornwall , but if their movement can be described as `` almost non existant '' then you could say the breton movement is similar . 
   the uk who is nothing but a pawn of the usa i think the recent events have shown the uk is far from being the only pawn of the usa in europe . . 
  goodbye to the next 5 years of your life then ... 
   the city of mechelen is going to hire someone to fight radicalization i 'm interested in that . 
  what do you mean `` someone to fight radicalisation '' ? 
  so you think ww2 was a plot by the uk and germany so they could share france between themselves ? 
  you might want to stop by on r/conspiratard , the people there will surely appreciate your theory . 
  what the hell does the academy have to do with this ? 
  and why would they `` deliberately '' make the language difficult ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  we in france never even see their influence in our daily life , so you abroad surely do n't either . 
  this was no critic , just an observation . 
  they sure like their cities in `` a '', 
  i wo n't get into the pros and cons of staying/leaving , but switzerland norway and iceland are absolutely terrible examples of good reasons to not be in the eu . 
  population wise they are tiny and homogenous , but they are also damn rich ( iceland not so much but they 're still a 1st world country ) . 
  all in all they face much less challenges than other european countries and they 're doing great on their own , so of course they 're better off out of the eu . 
  not saying there are n't legitimate reasons for the uk to want out , but you 're hurting your credibility with ridiculous arguments like that . 
  are you british ? 
  you seriously think that 's going to happen ? 
  they just replace the word i believe . 
  there are no rhymes that rely on `` queen '' anyway so it 's not difficult to change, 
  something about `` taking it up the bum '' . 
  checks out . 
  london here , fuck the heatwave . 
  let 's trade . 
  * chechen, 
  that 's also what grand parents use for birthday money !, 
  the best use for cheques , as far as i 'm concerned :d, 
  the ww2 defeat is more than enough to fuel the stereotype , that 's why there was no need to mention france in vietnam . 
  of course i know about that . 
  i knew someone would bring up ww2 ... ww2 is * one * defeat ( against a vastly superior adversary , in equipment and tactics ) in france 's rather long military history . 
  i do not think it 's enough to make stereotype jokes . 
  the usa got their asses kicked by vietnamese peasants , but do you hear anyone constantly bringing this up to call them pussies ? 
  a funny and acceptable stereotype is one that is based on something that happens often enough . 
  france losing a war is not , and calling my country a nation of `` surrending monkeys '' is incredibly disrespectful to the memories of the soldiers who died fighting the germans before the country was crushed . 
  where was your country when ours was getting burned to the ground ? 
  oh yeah , hiding behind mountains hoarding nazi gold and stolen goods from jewish families , so much better than surrendering . 
  i can play this game too . 
  the capitulation thing is more insulting than funny , besides having no basis . 
   la france est originale ftfd ( fixed that f\u00fcr dich ), 
  a guy froze to death trying to escape his shitty life , you have a strange humor . 
  [ stephaniedemonaco !!! ], 
  ( http://www.blog-humour.net/wp-content/uploads/mvbthumbs/img_51877_the-best-of-humour-16-les-inconnus-telemagouille.jpg ), 
  keep up the good travail . 
  monacoan does n't exist , and apparently monegasque designates people who were born there while monacan is used for people who got naturalised . 
  that 's interesting , there is no such distinction in french . 
  to answer your question , no , not even close . 
  the british royalty is the only european royalty with a real international fame , and that 's not saying they 're `` liked '' , just `` known '' . 
  the monegasque nobility never makes the news in france , only when a new prince is crowned or rare events like that . 
  to be honest i had even forgotten the name of the current one ( albert ii if you 're wondering ) . 
  we in france are n't too fond of royalty in general . 
  you know , revolution , republic , cutting heads off and stuff ... :-), 
  hey now , slow down . 
  you do n't want to start by , like , offering me a drink or something ? 
  i do n't sleep on first date !, 
  ^ ^ ^ are n't ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ dude ^ ^ ^ ? 
  french is the only official and most spoken language ( around 60 % of the population ) , although monegasque is quite widely spoken too, 
  the principality registers around 5 times more bank accounts than inhabitants . 
  the monacan citizens are a minority in their own state , making up only 21.5 % of the population ; the french are the largest group with 28.5 % . 
  i do n't know anything in danish , but a swede told me i should try this . 
  he said it means `` my danish friend '' . 
  how nice of him , 
  he sure does want to interfere with cunts of the internet, 
  it 's like a dream though . 
  yeah sounds cool , but you should change coat . 
  i almost took you for hungary !, 
  guys , you heard him , guys . 
  he said i can ...  , 
  i have mostly in mind the diplomatic personnel and employees of french companies . 
  the diplomats obviously have a very good reason to be there ; and the french companies have a natural presence in africa . 
  in case you did n't know , france has strong economic ties with former colonies . 
  should we just cut all that despite all the shit it would provoke on both ends ? 
  should we put all that behind us and yield to the criminals who make africa unsafe , making it a bigger shithole than it already is ? 
  and your comparison is absolutely ridiculous . 
  french troops in africa do n't attack and ruin countries iraq style , at all . 
  they just fight the various terrorists who try to stir shit up or get their hands on westerners . 
  i 'm bickering but who did they take to do the french . 
  she does not sound french at all . 
  this percentage ... it pleases me . 
  oh that 's fine , i can teach you . 
  eef you no ouate a\u00efe meene .
