  only marginally related , but here is a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9yndirqwt4 ) of boris yeltsin 's best drunk moments . 
  honorary mention to bill clinton who also seems to appreciate a drink or two ( 2:48 ) . 
  lol , the description of this croatian video says the `` remix '' was played in clubs and that they want to release it officially . 
  i hope they did . 
  i have no idea either , but you have a russian flair and you mention vodka a lot so you look legit to me . 
  the first major agency is the first to go down ? 
  should n't it be the last , being stronger and more able to take hits ? 
  well , feta cheese is delicious with salads so you 've got that going for you . 
  you 're naive and/or uninformed . 
  grow up and do n't make everything a pissing contest whenever france is mentioned . 
  of course , but you get the point . 
  most african/middle eastern refugees accepted in europe will * never * go back home considering how fucked up their countries are . 
  true , but this was possible because the shitty situation in their country ended . 
  a one in a million case in my opinion ... 
   brittany is the little penis that exceeds in the top left of france we have an [ old phrase ] ( http://i58.servimg.com/u/f58/11/29/04/27/logo_f10.png ) that sounds similar . . 
  no shit, 
  i do n't really care about relative numbers , in absolute value 930 is pretty high . 
  `` britannia '' , as you write it , is no business of ours since it 's situated accross the channel . . as for alsace , it is actually the one french region with a strong identity that is not fussy at all . 
  for real , you ca n't unsee it . 
  i do n't know how this `` design '' got approved , but then again edl types are n't known for being the sharpest persons . 
  wait , did i miss the election when we designated this guy to be spokesperson for all 65 millions of us ? 
  dammit !, 
  i 'm so pissed i 'm going go on strike and demonstrate while drinking wine . 
  this is n't news , they have been at it for like 3 weeks or something, 
   if they land in southern italy , lampedusa , etc. , they left libya . 
  there 's no other possible source you ca n't argue a claim by saying `` there 's no other possibility '' , that 's equivalent to saying `` i 'm right , so rule in my favour '' . 
  europe knows where immigrants come from , libya knows too , libya knows that europe knows ... but there is no proof . 
  iirc there is also another problem , i think it 's against human rights to deport people to countries in state of conflict or other troubles . 
  which is exactly where they come from in most cases . 
   if they embarked on boats from libya how do we know where they embarked ? 
  and what do we do when libya refuses to take them since there is no proof that 's where they came from ? 
  hahaha i ca n't decide which of these i find stupider !, 
  pretty decent as far as very cheap cars go, 
   the united kingdom is actually france 's biggest & most important military partner on an bilateral , `` country-to-country '' level yes , but if we support a european army and they do n't , we have a disagreement . 
  realistically , your life and personality depend much more on your country than the fact that you live in europe . 
  europe is not homogenous by any means . 
  bring it on , teabag !, 
  no seriously , bring it on , i do n't want you to leave . 
  muahaha , win-win, 
  why indeed , we may be bad at english but everyone is fluent in quechua here . 
  admittedly it 's not as handy as other languages , inca tourists are scarce . 
  if scotland votes yes on the referendum it will * not * be unilateral since the uk government allowed it , and the international community will probably acknowledge that as well . 
  so what you 're saying is spain will recognise scotland ? 
  what ? 
  secessionist movements in france ? 
  not this shit again ... 
  she might lead the first round and advance to the second , but then all the voters who do n't support her would rally behind the other guy to block the fn , exactly like in 2002 : le pen senior vs chirac . 
  the latter got 82 % at the second turn , such a score is virtually unheard of in french politics except in exceptional circumstances such as this . 
   great british answer after september 1939 's help . 
   you need to stop bringing this up . 
  poland 's allies then and now are not the same people . 
  a controversial comedian ... mocks a decapitation ... who could that be ? 
  of course it 's fucking dieudonn\u00e9 , i knew it before reading the article . 
  this douchebag will say the worst things if it gets people talking about him . 
  i wish for once he would fuck off and stop spouting his junk . 
  ok , if you 're going to be like that , how about no one sends any troops so you wo n't be disappointed ? 
  oh wait , you will whine that no one is helping . 
   i 'm french , no flair because i do n't post here a lot/have no idea how to set it up look for the `` subscribe '' button on the right , under it there is your reddit pseudo and `` modify '' next to it , click that and select your flag . 
  same process in every subreddit . 
  i see nothing wrong with the term `` province '' in itself , it 's just a word to say `` outside the capital region '' , a useful term in a centralised country like france . 
   they refer to everything outside of paris as one homogeneous entity no one does that seriously , you 're exaggerating . 
   then they wonder why they make fun of them parisians have it worse . 
  yes they may joke about `` provincials '' but these jokes are n't directed at anyone in particular , and they never go very far . 
  everyone else has a focus point that is paris and makes them out to be the source of all evil . 
  like it 's not enough to be seen as the asshole capital of the world by foreigners , paris gets the same ( if not worse ) treatment from its own countrymen . 
  in many cases the people doing the bashing have never even been there , or when they have they took it upon themselves to only remember the bad parts . 
  well guess what , if you go to paris expecting to find assholes ( which makes you the asshole ) , it 's all you 're going to find . 
  i do n't even live in paris and i 'm tired of all the bashing . 
  enough of that . 
  paris , it 's always paris . 
  that 's an interesting way of saying `` the british lost the war '', 
  this pic is much less badass when you realise you 're mistaking holes in their helmet for their eyes . 
  too bad people wo n't see this comment . 
  not playing the victim . 
  i just wanted something to end the conversation and it 's all that came to mind . 
  guess i 'm too arrogant to see your point . 
  you could also say i ca n't be trusted to understand . 
  sorry , that 's all the banter i can spare right now . 
  you 're taking a shot a france for military leadership ? 
  have n't the recent events shown that our government is among the only ones willing to use the troops in the field ? 
   i 'd not wear that on my sleeve , nor even mention it to a frenchman until i though him worthy of being told . 
  and that is why you 're taking banter too seriously . 
  you do it just because `` that 's what people do '' , `` a subject of her most gracious majesty who expresses appreciation for anything french is a traitor '' ... always said jokingly , i 'm sure , but it 's still dumb . 
  act for yourself sometimes , instead of doing it for the hivemind . 
  i have a bone to pick . 
  we nominate you just for least compassionate ( arguably the least important item of the 3 ) , while you think we are both arrogant and least trustworthy . 
  yet you had `` contenders '' such as italy , greece , spain , yet we are the worst of the bunch when it comes to trust ? 
  this is fucked up and i hope you realise it . 
  this `` quarrel '' which we supposedly share seems very one-sided . 
  edit : and before someone says `` it 's just banter , take a joke '' , no it 's not just banter if the respondents are incapable of giving serious answers for a poll once in their lives . 
   they thought they would find weapons there . 
  they did n't you forgot they also freed a grand total of ... 7 prisoners !, 
   midsummer 's eve that 's the one where you dance around a penis on top of a pole ? 
  it 's a communication from a european institution , about the eu . 
  your criticism is out of place . 
  right , i had completely forgotten about it . 
  you know you done goofed when even * al qaeda * says you 're nuts . 
  god damn your comment is aggravating, 
   what do you think about people who have parents of different nationalities and speak both languages ? 
  if such a person has both nationalities and languages but lives mostly in one place , then i say this is their main country .
