  oh god . 
  do they ... eat them ? 
  how many sub-species of nazis are there ? 
  i know about the lunar nazis , the migratory south-american nazis , and the polar nazis ( [ now endangered from excessive hunting ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-93jsewqeeug/t0u58m5mvsi/aaaaaaaaayk/brp7iallxlc/s1600/dead-snow-14.jpg ) ) . 
  if this is poking , then what do you call the unlawful invasion of a sovereign country ? 
  which russian sphere of influence ? 
  ukraine is not their backyard where they are free to organise bbq parties whenever they want . 
  russia had nothing to do there and is sole responsible for starting these troubles . 
  as for the sanctions they had it coming , and i think we should do even more if we can . 
  lol , they did n't wait for that . 
  `` why do they keep poking the bear with a sharp stick ? 
  ** the eu and us are being unnecessarily provocative ** - if they had n't been cheerleaders ( and paymasters , rumour has it ) for the neo-nazi fire-bombers of kiev , then none of this would have happened . '', 
  just thought i 'd share this piece of gold !, 
  these comments are very pro-russian for a british newspaper , not suspicious at all . 
  seriously guys , we should stop all this provocation while russia is casually invading ukraine , we 're only making things worse !, 
  edit : i 'm quoting a comment on a guardian article posted by pharao007, 
  you 're going too far , we do n't hate americans at all . 
  yes , yes but * apart * from that ... what have they ever done for us ? 
   tax inspectors with guns aka `` double danger '', 
  i 've never heard of schools serving halal either . 
  maybe some do , but it 's definitely not widespread ; and if they did it , it would be as a courtesy . 
  no community can legally request a special treatment in a public school . 
  now i can see how pork would be a problem if it was all they ever served , but it 's not the case : there is always either another choice of meat/fish , or vegetarian option . 
  just about 99 % of people are fine with this , except a few muslims who would n't mind schools officially adopting halal ( spoiler : not happening . 
  secularism , bitches . ), 
  and the fn nutbags who go `` zomg muslamic invasion !, 
  pork 4 lyfe !, 
  '' , for no reason since * pork is not fucking banned * . 
  shaking my head . 
  is it me or this title sucks ? 
  pork was never banned . 
  most school cafeterias have always had 2 options , even when there is no pork at all . 
  so on days when one option is pork , muslim and jewish kids just pick the other option . 
  i really do n't understand what the fn 's point is or why it 's making the news . 
  why are you so interested in the particular topic of savoyard identity ? 
  thanks , i have n't had such a good laugh in ages !, 
  til france is literally stalin and savoie is an occupied territory . 
  the least i can say is that these people have found a kickass way of fighting boredom in their mountain village . 
  lol venice and savoy ... 
  seriously , savoy ? 
  where the hell do you get your news :d, 
  i knew it was a good idea to invest in eastern polan !, 
  do n't exaggerate , the uk is n't defenseless . 
  whatever , i agree to everything you say . 
  now will you provide another example of this in french history ? 
  preferably recent , as data becomes less and less relevant as it gets older , you know . 
  yeah , yeah , i 'll return it together with your lawnmower , your camcorder , your couch and your air-conditioning unit !, 
  i know i 'll only vote for sarkozy if it 's him vs the far right on the second turn . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  you flemish people get something funny , and we french what do we get ... this shit right here . 
  damn you to hell , mods . 
  they ca n't do much for a country that is n't part of either , can they ? 
  yes there are treaties guaranteeing ukraine 's integrity , but russia happily threw that in the trash and will find ways of justifying their disrespect of it ; all of this would have never happened if ukraine was eu and/or nato . 
  well , for one you do n't see us annexing sovereign countries or bullying them so they join our union , so we got that going for us . 
  not every colony went the way of algeria and vietnam you know . 
  there was for example a big wave in 1960 with 13 african colonies being given independance at the same time as part of the decolonisation process . 
   remember `` freedom fries oh i very much remember , that was so embarassing ... for americans . 
   do you need one more than that yes i do , because the world that used to be died with the war . 
  there is pre-war europe and post-war europe , and it is dishonest to judge a modern situation with obsolete references . 
  the fact that russia is insane and imperialist may still be true , but we on the european side are not even close to what we used to be , and that changes everything ; not to mention nato which is not to be fucked with unlike the league of nations . 
  with a disunited europe and weak alliances i would share the concerns , but it 's not the case . 
  and seriously , i 'm discussing pure phrasing here but you do n't say `` x is known for y '' if all you have to back it up is `` that one time 70 years ago '' . 
  me too my friend , me too . 
  and the smell of desintegrated enemies in the morning . 
  neither the eu nor nato are the paper tigers that the leage of nations was . 
  we actually care for each other now , like seriously forrealz . 
  let me tell you that the day russia goes crazy enough to touch eu or nato , things will get ugly really fast and it will be fallout in real life , only with less plasma rifles . 
   so are you suggesting poland should trust its allies because they turned their backs on it only once ? 
  yes . 
  because this is n't the fucking 1930 's anymore . 
  you noticed how the world today looks a bit different than in the ww2 photos ? 
  that 's called the present . 
  we have this interesting `` eu '' stuff and `` nato '' thing that we did n't have last time . 
   it 's a bit of an cough understatement . 
  what do you want me to say , france * superduper * lost a war ? 
  it 's still a single example . 
  by your logic i could say `` i 'd be wary of anything a german says about tolerance , you know what they did with the jews . . '' and yes i 'll gladly accept this godwin point , thank you . 
  aid against what ? 
  it 's ridiculous to be afraid of russia going further than crimea to begin with . 
  they could * maybe hypothetically * try to go for belarus * one day * , but if they did they would probably get an even better welcome than in crimea . 
  * everyone else * in the area is nato , eu , or both . 
  poland is a nato * and * eu state , both of which russia will never touch because even them are not this insane . 
  and even if they hypothetically did , do you really think everyone would let this happen like it ai n't no big deal ? 
  do poles still think this is the 1930 's or something ? 
  because you 're making a generality out of one example . 
  as a french i know it all too well : lose one war , boom you 're a surrender monkey . 
  do you have more than one instance of this behavior ? 
  capitano , why-a you make-a us speak-a in inglese ? 
  you know nobody takes us-a seriously with-a this ridiculous accent , no ? 
   most militaries already operate in english haha , where did that come from ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure polish and italian officers give orders in english to their troops !, 
  maybe , but the ` muricans have taken measurement stubbornness to a new level . 
  they took your system and made it their own . 
  muhahahaha, 
  i see you use freedom units . 
  i would n't mind less frequent bashing . 
  your news proclaims we are economically doomed every other day and it 's getting old . 
  the turks have stopped caring about joining . 
  look britain , we 've been over this ... you agreed to not try cooking again , you know people get hurt when you do !, 
  you think because they were independant for a long time , it means they necessarily want independance again ?
