  i do n't think many binational people spend their life on the plane to spend half the time in one coutry and the rest in another coutry . 
   what if that person also lives in a different country if it 's short term ( like an expat on a 2-3 year mission ) nothing changes , otherwise that makes it the new main country . 
  the way i see it , where your life is determines it . 
   but i 'm not sure how i fit into this : you do n't , i just explained why i asked . 
  seeing the outrage i 've sparked i should probably have kept my hands off the keyboard . 
  these concepts and borders ( imaginary , yeah right ) may be man made but the differences they have generated are very real . 
   who are you to tell him which country or nation he belongs to ? 
  one who favors facts over feelings . 
  disagree all you want , of course , but i stand firm . 
   because it 's a european sub no comment on your other point , but for future reference i think this should n't stop you . 
  after all , we would n't allow usa flairs if we were closed to american perspectives on european matters ( in this case the topic is pretty universal ) . 
  i guess it 's just me being a flair-nazi but i wish people were consistent with their flairs . 
  otherwise , you will start a conversation with a ( supposedly ) german guy , and next thing you know he 's actually a slovak on an exchange semester in berlin or a brazilian with german roots 5 generations back . 
  that 's false advertising . 
  that being said , it does n't matter much since it 's a free sub and you 're completely free to pretend you 're from zimbabwe if you damn well please . 
  look , it 's cool to have a mixed identity , but between the place whose language you speak everyday and where your life has been from the day you were born , and a place that is one generation removed from you and that you visit probably once a year at best ( making assumptions here ) , it 's pretty clear which is more your country than the other . 
  your real country is the usa , why not discuss the american anthem ? 
  you speak like you 're hungarian but your flair is american, 
  i can understand not liking the king stuff but the tune is super catchy !, 
  i like it too , it 's solemn . 
  i think some anthems perfectly capture the `` personality '' of the people they stand for , if that makes any sense to you , like italy 's , germany 's or the uk 's, 
  well these events laid the basis to what our country is today so i do n't want them to ever be dropped from the anthem . 
   most people i know are uncomfortable with so much nationalistic fervor standing up for yourself is nationalistic ? 
  the words are about the people rising against oppressors , it 's not `` france greatest country in the world , all other countries are run by little girls '' . 
  us or hungary ? 
  i know putin is not hitler , he has n't tried to genocide anyone ( except opposition journalists , haha ) . 
  that said , the similarities between post ww1 germany and modern russia are just too numerous not to make the connection . 
  - former heavyweights ( russia is still huge , but not ussr huge ) who lost power and territory and who are mad about it - people who feel they are at odds with the rest of europe - charismatic leader with a lot of support because he makes them feel strong . 
  the big guy controls pretty much everything . 
  - comparatively high intolerance of minorities , populism , opposition reduced to silence , no true democracy - aggressive land-grabs justified with ethnic reasons - overall acting like a bully to neighboring countries and this is just off the top of my head . 
  the major difference being , of course , that russia is not at war with us . 
  if they were we 'd kick their ass . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  plus the iraq war is on bush , so i do n't really see why you 're bringing up obama who had the last guy 's shit to clean up . 
  putin 's popularity skyrockets everytime he makes aggressive moves . 
  they love their little hitler so i think we 're entitled to blame them a little bit . 
  have you ever seen a [ giant ser alliser ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mq7jo9h.jpg ) ? 
  i say `` pi\u00e8ces rouges '' which is french for `` useless metallic crap '' . 
  no really it just means red coins . 
  we have riots , not civil war . 
  you really think a few burnt cars are enough for the government to shell out 11 million like it ai n't no thing ? 
  well , his mother was a hamster and his father smelt of elderberries . 
   if you are afraid to visit the us as a french citizen because you think you will be vilified or treated poorly because of your nationality it 's not about that , i have no fear of bad treatment ; i 've even been to the states several times and each of them was a good experience . 
  i just think the average american does n't take us seriously . 
  we 're here for awful accents , food , wine and that 's about it , the rest is jokes . 
   if americans really hated the french we would n't flock to paris so frequently . 
  ever heard `` france is a perfect country ... except for the french !, 
  lolzlolz best joke evar '' well , some people really apply this idea . 
  i swear , it seems they come here waiting to be offended just so they have stories to tell their friends about how paris is so romantic , but they had a waiter who was literally satan because he did n't lick their boots . 
  i guess french holidays do n't feel real enough until you run into a grumpy local . 
  see my next reply to u/bloodysneeze, 
   i have no idea where you came to believe that when kerry was facing bush , the right wing made a fuss about how kerry spoke french and had family in france . 
  even a right-winger is n't safe from the french bashing : mitt romney [ caught some heat ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-16549624 ) for speaking french too . 
  sorry if i 'm being careful with your story but it will take more to convince me that we stopped being the `` smelly surrender monkeys '' or generally the butt of jokes in the usa . 
  did i just imagine the times around their presidential elections when calling a political opponent french was the best way to attack his credibility ? 
  i 'll agree to say they 've slowed down on the hostility since their iraq insanity but i would n't say they `` love us '' . 
  loving us is public suicide in the states . 
   the american media loves france now though i 'll believe it when i see it . 
   but there literally is nothing more important than the common defense . 
  i know , it 's mindblowing that we ca n't make that a priority . 
  it would be a good start if more countries could muscle up a bit to join bigger players like france and uk ( who i think are the 2 major european armies ) , but not every government could justify this to their people , nor would they have a budget for it . 
  it 's hard to ask for more money to the military when the entire south is in shambles . 
  hell , we 're on our way to being in shambles too . 
   i 'm not sure how it is going to turn out . 
  bad . 
  disappointing . 
  like most things involving russia . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the eu is a much more real and concrete thing than past european alliances . 
  it has roots on the entire continent , we 're all involved in it , if you pull on one end the entire thing moves . 
  if we did n't honor the solidarity clause it would mean the union means nothing , and for the amount of commitment every member has taken towards it i think we do mean something . 
  as a family too . 
  some things are n't simple with the eu ; all things military are such things . 
  the union has been a reality for decades , yet when it comes to something as vital as defense , european institutions ca n't agree on a common policy to save their life . 
  do n't think it 's france opposing the discussion . 
   i wonder what your position would be if in that plane , there were more than 150 frenchman ... 
  the same . 
  and i think there were french passengers on this plane . 
  the world in the 30 's is not the world today , i dispute your 1st point . 
  we are much more united than we used to be . 
  the eu solidarity clause that dictates we must assist fellow members under attack is much more solid than the paper alliances we had back then . 
  about your second point , this i can imagine . 
  but if it happened on eu territory , we would have no qualms about sending all the muscle necessary to tell the insurgents to cut the crap . 
  with only a veiled russian support they would get shut down , and russia could n't do much more for them as i refer you to point 1 ( no direct attack ), 
  i think i have a point , you 're saying other coutries have shown `` restraint '' when none of them has . 
  uk and germany too have sold to russia for example . 
   when many of those countries restrained themselves from selling arms to russia lol !, 
  that 's so nice of them , all this restraint . 
  seriously open your eyes , in the weaponry business no one is clean . 
  uk , usa , france , germany , israel , russia too ... have been selling to shady people forever . 
   could n't france give the money back to russia no can do , the sale for the first ship is locked and done . 
  russian sailors are in france training to man the ship as we speak . 
   sell the ship to someone else who ? 
  everyone says like you `` sell to someone else '' , but no one says `` i will buy the ship '' . 
  now the other ship is a different matter , not paid for and apparently not even built yet . 
  there is more wiggle room , which is why hollande has said he 's prepared to call off the sale if the eu is prepared to endorse it and and to help take the ship off of our hands ( even though it 's not built i assume engagements and projections have been made upon it ) . 
  our reputation as arms dealer would still take a hit . 
   0,05 % of french exports it 's not just about this one contract , more about future consequences as i said . 
  your views on this issue are just too simplistic . 
   the time will come when russia steps on eu land no .
