  nice plan . 
  is he gon na hide in the treehouse or what ? 
  maybe it was a one night stand and she did n't know his last name , maybe she knows him but he denies responsibility . 
  it can and it does happen . 
   you know , there 's always someone in the family who can take care of the kids while the 16 year old is in high school . 
  how do you know that ? 
  why do you assume everyone has a family left , or that their family has resources ? 
  you seem completely delusional to me . 
  thank god people like you have lost that battle forever . 
  better let it go and spare yourself some pointless stress . 
   there 's enough methods of contraception if you do n't want to become parents . 
  not everyone is educated about them . 
  plus mistakes/accidents happen . 
   who ever had the idea that creating life just to kill it is good ? 
  nobody , you just made that up to ( poorly ) support your argument . 
  let 's take for example two 16 years old who have n't been properly educated , and get pregnant by mistake . 
  are you saying you want them to be punished for life because of their mistake , and be stuck with a baby at that age and ruin 3 lives at once ? 
  when they have no place of their own , no job , no savings , no plans to stay together for life ? 
  maybe the guy took his chance and ran off too . 
  now it 's up to the teen mom to ruin her life by herself . 
  she 'll quit highschool , or barely finish but take a shitty job right after graduation because she ca n't go to college , and you 've got a single mom and her kid growing up in poverty . 
  yay birth !, 
   liked by everyone well not by the religious nuts , but fuck them . 
  every president gets a grace period , after which we collectively start shitting on their head more or less intensely . 
  no , it 's the second color from the top which is presented as `` romance language co-official '' , which is blatantly false when it comes to brittany/alsace/french basque country . 
  yet another map that fucks up representation of languages spoken in france . 
  we 'll try to keep our snickering to a minimum . 
  we all know their reputation for strict language protection , but you should see the numerous word-for-word calques they have adopted from english , pretty ironic . 
   arret !, 
  arret !, 
  fun fact , using `` arr\u00eat '' in this context ( like on road signs ) is purely a french-canadian thing . 
  we in france say `` stop '' . 
  he has n't accepted for the 14th july yet , there 's a chance he might decline . 
  solid , really ? 
  to me it tastes like the averagest average beer , passable but completely unremarkable , generic like heineken . 
   also i think any sane , rational human being should rather kill themselves than call it chocolatine . 
  you , i like you . 
  chocolatine peddlers are untermensch who will be dealt with swiftly if they do n't see the error in their ways . 
   construction workers in poland earn double than polish minimum maybe that 's still below french minimum ? 
  and not everyone has a family to take care of . 
  too bad that 's not what i said at all . 
  let me rephrase : `` royalty tourism '' is a thing . 
  does n't matter that it 's not the top-earning attraction , it exists . 
   malli markku mallikorttilainen = template mark templatecardson templaty mctemplateface, 
  because no one else in the world ( that i know of ) does it, 
  that 's not the point . 
  monuments are an attraction in themselves , but the fact that they 're still being used by a long standing royal family adds a twist , it 's worth something . 
  and i say that as a royal-bloodthirsty republican . 
  our guillotine itches when it 's too close to royalty . 
  / r/europe is a pro eu echo-chamber , are you really surprised ? 
  permanent until the entire world map is painted blue . 
  is n't may an alien in a human suit ? 
  how about ireland ? 
  i think the task of safely blowing up suspicious parcels or luggage is their prerogative . 
  it 's probably the most fun part of their day when it happens . 
  there is already some level of cooperation between southern countries who are most likely to be affected by such large fires . 
  portugal , spain , france , italy , greece , probably balkans too , generally send canadairs to each other when that happens . 
   making the military more attractive than the private economy haha , that 's never happening . 
  it would wreck the economy if you had to pay soldiers competitively against the private sector , unless you have saudi-like `` fuck you '' money to throw around . 
  you can use other lever like healthcare and other side-benefits like you said , but overall it 's still unlikely to beat a private job . 
  it 's the army after all , it 's not supposed to be summer camp . 
  the german military conducts operations against jihadists and militias ? 
  where ? 
  i 'm not calling you a liar but i have never heard of this , and i do n't see where such deployments could happen considering germany does n't have the connection we have to our former colonies . 
   might be german how can one be `` possibly german '' ? 
  and what would you do if you did get a german citizenship , move there ? 
  do you already speak the language ? 
  lrem has a majority even without modem . 
  ha , we bestowed our glorious language upon you ( 1066 best year of life ) and you ruined it !, 
  we 're never lending you our toys again !, 
  do n't worry friend , your work will still be here later !, 
  why do n't you sit back and enjoy a sip of wine . 
  get this man a citizenship imm\u00e9diatement !, 
  it 's treason then . 
  yes . 
  the thing is she 's the `` drain the swamp '' type , promising that she 's different and against `` the system '' ^ tm when she 's really not . 
  how long have you been here and what do you do ? 
  so we have to worship the uk as the messiah afterwards ? 
  no way jos\u00e9 !, 
  i do n't understand why there are n't more non romanians here , i thought foreign political drama brought all the boys to the yard . 
  `` all in one '' politics , under budget !, 
  that 's good , we can dust off the ol' guillotine !, 
  bless you !, 
  could i make this jump ? 
  i bet i could . 
  brb , gone to comacchio to see if i can make this jump . 
  you absolutely must have at least a second one , to account for the reality of brexit . 
  after that , stick by the results either way . 
  you took our jerbs , now they 're gon na take * your * jerbs !, 
  not the main point of this post , but as far as france is concerned this map can fuck off . 
  regional languages like occitan and franco-proven\u00e7al are * not * more prevalent than french ** in the fucking 21st century ** . 
  french is so far ahead of everything else it 's not even a competition , but foreigners seem hell-bent on overstating the importance of regional languages . 
  that 's a lot of dedication to a stupid joke , i can respect that, 
   with out slp3332 there is no way to do get an international staff appointment ok , i 'll give you that . 
  but why would french officers favor learning german and be limited to communicating with a few european armies ( and vice versa for the germans ) , when they can just learn english and communicate with almost everyone in the world ? 
  it 's simply counter productive . 
  i 'd like to see sources because i ca n't simply believe that . 
  english has to be more common because it is super easy and overwhelmingly present , you pick it up even if you 're not trying . 
  for german you would n't know anything unless you went out of your way to learn it . 
  i can believe that the army offers language classes , but i do n't see why soldiers would learn german better than english ( which is just more beneficial overall ) .
