  which is the only pronounciation that matters :d, 
  it 's correct . 
  we sure like our silent letters . 
  phase 1 completed according to plan ... marine played her part perfectly , i must remember to thank her at the next secret world domination meeting !, 
   we will continue to grow stronger and win within the next 10 years i think fn will remain a large political force , but you 're getting ahead of yourself with such a definitive statement . 
  every election we get the same speech from marine : `` this time we 'll definitely 100 % win , we are the people blah blah blah '' and yet , still nothing . 
  in my opinion you 'll have to wait at least a few years into macron 's term to see if he sucks , then you would have a good chance in 2022 . 
   hollande got elected with much fanfare and promise too no . 
  like macron , he greatly benefited from the `` blockade vote '' against sarkozy , who most people wanted gone . 
  he started his term with a majority of unconvinced people who voted for him without conviction . 
  plus , think about the nice and uniform big blue blob that would * finally * cover the map of europe . 
  that comment was meant for the guy above you, 
  she mostly spent her time on dirty attacks , never discussing her platform , blaming macron for everything that went wrong in the last 5 years , dodging questions , repeatedly lying and using fake news ( fact-checkers were debunking her live on social media ) , getting mixed up in her notes ( she brings tons of cheat-sheets to debates , macron had none ) , and [ acting crazy ] ( https://fr.news.yahoo.com/d\u00e9bat-pen-vs-macron-ne-222700291.html ) . 
  macron did n't have to do anything to win , except staying calm while she self-destructed before him . 
  european leaders also gave their opinion during the us election . 
  as long as it 's done publicly i do n't have a huge issue with it , plus he 's not even president anymore . 
  he publicly released ** one ** video message voicing his support for macron . 
  do you think that 's comparable with everything russia potentially does covertly ? 
  not to mention he 's not even president anymore . 
  now that you mention it , it 's been a while since they last predicted the imminent implosion of our economy . 
  i 'm kind of worried about them actually . 
  has anyone visited the economist at home to check if they 're alright ? 
   it still makes me worried when 40 % of a population support a fascistic populistic agenda it is worrying , but not everyone who supports her is a racist or a fascist . 
  many just want to send a message , are fed up with the establishment parties , feel abandoned , etc. . . we 'll have to see what happens for the next election . 
  if macron is as terrible as hollande it will fuel her , if he 's not too bad it will probably be a contest between him and the establishment parties that will have recovered by then , and if he 's rather good he will get a 2nd term . 
  she was never going to lose them . 
  she could have stripped naked , pissed all over the table , and still made 30 % . 
  what really matters is that she certainly did n't do anything to convince the undecided , she rather pushed them toward macron or abstention/blank vote . 
  part of these 30 % are probably le pen voters that m\u00e9lenchon managed to poach in the first round , and now that he 's out they 're going back to her . 
  many people vote as a fuck you to the establishment , with no concerns of left or right . 
  i 'm cool with it . 
  who do i talk to about my 1m signing bonus and seat at the world domination shareholders meeting ? 
  it 's you that is missing the point , we have already explained why going back on social progress is more wrong than just continuing an existing situation . 
  progress can take time , but once you obtain more rights , you do n't take them away . 
  move forward , not backward . 
  nothing to do with double standards . 
  nobody says germany does nothing wrong , i 'm sure supporters of gay rights are not too happy that germany is late to write equality into law . 
  only , france ( or any country ) going back on a passed law would represent a much worse step backward for the cause . 
  even if he really is/was corrupt , it takes some bravery to openly go against putin and risk getting `` suicided '' . 
  then answer me this simple question : is it wrong that she ( marion ) wants to take away equal rights ? 
  it 's all that really matters . 
  if your answer is yes then you really did n't need to start this thread , if it 's no then we have a fundamental disagreement . 
   so when german governments consistently decide against implementing gay marriage they are n't the scum of the earth yep . 
  anyway , / u/perseus0807 said it best : negative action is worse than inaction . 
  the germans `` consistently not voting for something '' are maintaining the status quo , which i find not ideal , but i understand change happens slowly . 
  however , we in france finally jumped on the other side of the line by giving homosexuals equal rights . 
  once rights are acquired , it is obviously a step back to take them away . 
  i do n't even know why i need to explain that to you . 
  how can you even fucking argue against equal rights ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  ridiculous argument . 
  her will to take equal rights away makes her scum , it does n't matter if other countries are lagging behind . 
  he could potentially have a lot of power . 
  it 's not for nothing that the franco-german couple is called the backbone of the eu , even more so now that the uk is leaving . 
  what remains to be seen is if he will end up taking a backseat to merkel like hollande did , or if he will try to make the french voice stand out more . 
  regardless , i doubt he would have the political capital to get this passed even if he really wanted to . 
  this means war !, 
  people vote against their interests all the time , where have you been lately ? 
  working class americans triumphantly elected donald fucking trump !, 
  we 're already living in bizarro world . 
  thankfully reason seems to prevail over time , so your best bet is : stick to your convictions and be patient . 
  that 's a nice speech but you did n't need to write all this . 
  1 - i 'm not the one that needs convincing 2 - you 're downplaying what i said . 
  for some of them it 's not just `` running into a mean arab person '' , it 's continued harassment and threats , that can seriously affect your worldview . 
  3 - you assume everyone is strictly rational 100 % of the time and we know that is not the case . 
  4 - you are not in peoples ' head and you do n't know what they personally value . 
  back when we were passing the gay marriage law , some gay guys had come out against it and said on the news that they did n't care about the right to marry . 
   solid reasoning there gay french le pen voters . 
  ca n't believe that she 's actually performing well in that demographic . 
  i can believe it . 
  all it takes is a larger scarecrow , like the rise of islamism . 
  if you 're a gay guy and you 've had one too many run-ins with the least pleasant specimens of the muslim community , you might find yourself tempted to vote fn . 
  sure they do n't want you to have the right to get married , but your arab neighbours want to beat you up ... easy choice . 
  it 's easy for us to take the moral high ground , but we should remember not everyone has the same experience . 
  actually no , it 's good that he reminds people what the `` new and improved '' fn is really about . 
  ok spain , you and italy are the only 2 countries that get to talk shit like that , so i say we let you have it this time . 
  ha , this is too good . 
  prepare your anus switzerland , we 're plotting a 3-way anschluss with germany and italy !, 
  maybe austria can have a piece too if they ask nicely . 
  i can see where your resentment comes from , it 's legitimate , but i do n't think this is the right place to express it . 
  i also doubt the italians ignore the crimes of ( some of ) their ancestors , even if the history books do n't cover everything they should . 
  everyone whose country was `` involved '' with the nazis one way or the other knows there is some dirt in their history , i should know . 
  it does n't mean we should n't celebrate the victory of the good guys . 
  what do you mean nothing suspicious ? 
  winning with * only * 110 % , obviously the elections have been rigged by western traitors . 
  what do you expect this random italian redditor to do about it ? 
  what have they done that your forgiveness is needed ? 
   by the time marine steps down and marion takes her place , the state of france will be so miserable that people will flock to marion 's hardline message i do n't think you have grounds to be so sure about the future . 
  every election it 's the same old speech : `` france is going down the gutter , fn will 100 % definitely win now , if anyone else wins france will implode '' . 
  and yet here we are , still not imploded and fn supporters keep paying for their arrogance with more defeats . 
  but hey , the more you lose the closer you get to your next victory , so you do have a reason to be hopeful i guess !, 
  she definitely comes off as more hardline , but i 'm not sure if she 's actually that different from marine or if she 's just more free to behave that way . 
  marine is in the spotlight and has the hard task of watering down ( in appearance at least ) the terrible image of her party to stop scaring away everything to the left of the traditional conservatives , so she ca n't say too much crazy bullshit in front of the cameras . 
  marion on the other hand plays well with the really crazy fn core base . 
  she 's in a good position to speak a lot more about identity , traditions , religion ... but i tend to believe it 's not just due to her position and her `` elders '' do n't control her as much as one could believe . 
  two cases of infighting between her and florian philippot ( marine 's n \u00b0 2 ) come to mind , on abortion and gay marriage . 
  both times she wanted these topics to be bigger parts of the fn platform , and both times her leadership had to not-so-quietly straighten her out like `` shut the fuck up , we 're trying to poach moderate conservatives '' . 
  they 're a funky bunch . 
  right now the le pen family * is * the fn , this party is a walking cult of personality . 
  i 'd be curious to see them evolve under someone else , but that wo n't happen anytime soon as they already have marion ( aka marine 2.0 ) lined up to take over in the future .
