you know how it is , first it 's all about the rights of the people , democracy , equality and shit , then you get carried away and before you know it you 're cutting heads like it 's going out of style . 
  you know , it 's the classic mistake . 
  so it seems serbian soldiers enjoy expressing their `` patriotism '' to the tune of a good old accordion . 
  i 'm disappointed you did n't post the timeless classic [ serbia strong aka `` remove kebab '' song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ) . 
  shout out to the stone cold killer playing the accordion . 
  lol . 
  more like a few corsicans shaking fists while the rest of them and the mainlanders do n't give a shit . 
  we really should have invested in eastern poland . 
   aucun des toulousain ** g ** s spoken like a true southerner . 
  heretic !, 
  better french than eu ? 
  hahaha who am i kidding , you would take anything over the former :d, 
  the eu flag is not that of a `` foreign '' antagonistic entity , but that of a supranational entity which we are a part of along with many others . 
  it is our flag too . 
  it wo n't be so suspenseful really . 
  i call the results today : 1st turn lets le pen take the lead with around 30 % , she advances to second turn followed closely by the ump candidate ( mainstream right , for those who do n't know ) . 
  socialists are out , they can hope to get 3rd place at best . 
  2nd turn : le pen is crushed by the other guy , whoever he is , due to all the voters who do n't support her congregating against the fn just like in 2002 . 
  i would guess a 70-30 split . 
  le pen makes a lot of noise with her swelling 30 % support in the polls , but what foreigners forget is that the remaining 70 % would do anything to keep her out of office . 
  the far-right scare is very real here . 
  i do n't know how it looks from outside france , but i can tell that the rise of the far-right is due to disenchantment with the mainstream parties rather than opposition to eu . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine what it would take to get us so riled up that we would raise our voices against a mere european symbol . 
  i really like this map , very interesting . 
  it should go on / r/mapporn . 
   are people ok with that yes . 
   in some eu countries there would be outrage do you seriously think france belongs with the most eurosceptic members of the union ? 
   because it creates the impression of a master-peasant relationship , not two people of equal social standing . 
  you 're sitting at a table and their job is to bring food to you and clean when you 're done , but as long as you do n't tip it 's ok , there is n't at all a difference of social standing ... 
  copy/paste of something i wrote in another thread : i love ireland , its celtic culture ( i 'm french above all but breton at heart ) , its history ( bros against the brits !, 
  to my knowledge we were never at war with ireland , and that 's saying something considering france went head to head with pretty much everyone in europe at some point . . ) , its pubs , its emerald landscapes and old castles , its people who have some humor and know how to party . 
  if i was n't french i 'd want to be irish . 
  well that 's fucking retarded . 
  `` you sat next to this guy ? 
  might as well say you 're one of his bitches '' . 
  sure , but this is no such case . 
  i took the time to mention it because it strikes me as quite ignorant to reduce francophones to `` french '' . 
  like , i 'll see americans or english canadians argue with qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois and call them `` surrender monkeys '' or other expletive specific to us ... and i facepalm because that 's like making fun of the british for being bible-thumping gun nuts . 
  does n't make any damn sense . 
  that 's so weird for me to imagine ... 
  i guess if they 're going to maintain a lifestyle like that today they need a hefty dose of stubbornness . 
  thanks for the info, 
  really ? 
  what 's the logic behind that ? 
  i thought they were stuck in the 19th century , not 17th . 
  sorry for being a buzzkill , but i always get a bit aggravated when anglophones call qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois `` french '' . 
  they 're their own people now . 
  nobody calls americans `` british '' . 
  right , but it was n't exactly a happy wedding all around was it . 
  in the end you 're possibly the only people with a better claim than us to rivalry with the brits , even if today it 's all in good fun . 
  plus the french army had exiles from ireland form an [ irish brigade ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/brigade_irlandaise ) for 100 years with a distinguished service record , as well as an [ irish legion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_legion ) formed by napoleon in the hopes of later invading ireland ; so as far as we 're concerned i think you 're good !, 
  :d makes me wonder how things would have turned out if napoleon 's invasion had happened at all , maybe not making ireland really independant ( my guess is he would have made it a client state ) but freeing it from british rule a century early . 
  more love to my favourite island nation because they deserve it : i love ireland , its celtic culture ( i 'm french above all but breton at heart ) , its history ( bros against the brits !, 
  to my knowledge we were never at war with ireland , and that 's saying something considering france went head to head with pretty much everyone in europe at some point . . ) , its pubs , its emerald landscapes and old castles , its people who have some humor and know how to party . 
  if i was n't french i 'd want to be irish . 
  you got us mixed up with the dutch . 
  do we continentals all look the same too you ? 
  racists ... 
   start by not pretending it 's a problem of ability but willingness . 
  those who are willing ( us ) , can not . 
  those who are able ( them ) , * will * not . 
  it will take the depletion of oil reserves to get things movings seriously i 'm afraid . 
  no way in hell the industry will accelerate the transition on its own while they have the power . 
   this is just such hyperbole . 
  yeah i get carried away when it comes to practices i consider as inherently bad . 
   i think we can move to electric cars quickly if the industry really wanted to . 
  yeah i agree , but they do n't . 
  what now ? 
   i 'm glad you admit this is n't about kid 's health but control over others ' lives . 
  call me a control freak , but it 's one of those cases where i value common interests over individual freedom . 
  all people like you can see is `` muh freedoms !, 
  i want to be able to blow my junk in people 's faces all the time ! '', 
  i 'm surprised this argument that smokers love to use did n't come up sooner . 
  we ca n't stop using gas vehicles in a heartbeat , especially not buses who are possibly among the most useful of all since they discourage ownership of individual vehicles and thus reduce pollution . 
  restricting the use of tobacco , however , is absolutely doable instantly with and with limited consequences , you just wo n't be able to inconvenience your fellow citizens in as many places as before . 
  boo hoo , i 'm sooooo sorry for you . 
  let 's be serious , there is no way it can go that far . 
  i 'm not for it either , even if i fucking hate smoking . 
   the smoke from the tiny amount of a tobacco leaf so every smoker ever only smokes tiny amounts , got it . 
   that will never reach them so playgrounds have forcefields to deflect smoke blown towards the kids , that 's pretty neat . 
  ok , more seriously , the way i see it is that playgrounds are designated areas for kids to gather and play and i do n't think it 's such a hassle to make these smoke free , it 's that much that will not go into their lungs and every `` tiny '' step counts . 
  i do n't know if you are one , but it 's funny how smokers always bring up cars like `` hey our environment is already harmful because of traffic so let me be harmful some more '' . 
  playgrounds are designated kids areas where they gather and spend time , it 's not comparable to `` general '' public areas where everyone comes and goes . 
  playgrounds are for playing , it 's in the name . 
  i say it 's a good thing . 
  i do n't know what they mean by `` other outdoor spaces '' so i reserve my opinion on that , but for playgrounds i think it 's pretty clear cut . 
  nobody wants their kids breathing this shit or eating the cigarette butts smokers love to dump on the ground . 
  for a 100 euro tip , even i would accept to be addressed this way and i 'm a guy :d, 
  what a strange thing to put on a map . 
  i have no idea why people clap and laugh at his final remark , anyone can explain ? 
  you 're just repeating yourself . 
  what part of `` they wo n't get most refugees '' do you not understand ? 
  you keep saying `` yeah but part of them ... '' yeah , part of them , not most , which is exactly what we 've been saying from the beginning . 
  it 's a little frustrating trying to explain things to you . 
  you 're not addressing the point . 
  if northern europe is destabilised , refugees would go in priority to western europe . 
  why would they bother going to jordan ? 
  i 'm not even in favor of allowing the deal to proceed . 
  like i said i 'm only trying to explain why the case is n't as clear cut as other countries make it seem . 
  also i kind of resent `` the french posters here are counting on that '' .
