  this is the only acceptable approach when there is reasonable doubt like here . 
  try to contact a bulgarian and ask him about their magic longevity milk , it might fix your depression !, 
  -_- when one country conquers another and imposes a culture and language , it creates links between these countries . 
  after ww2 france experienced an economic recovery and had lots of jobs to fill . 
  it just so happened that right across the mediterranean there were millions of africans , familiar with the french language and culture and willing to come work and live in a thriving economy . 
  that 's why there are many black and arab people in france today . 
  i ca n't believe i have to explain this , while all the nutty `` they 're colonizing you ! '', 
  comments are getting upvotes . 
  he means guest workers . 
  i do n't understand why everyone in this thread acts like this concept is n't a thing . 
  guest workers . 
  it made sense back in the day . 
  i 'm surprised so many people do n't know about this . 
  the french colonial empire was the 2nd biggest in modern history and it was still a thing until the 60 's . 
  but who was belarus ? 
  you think a cigarette and a phone require the same amount of attention ? 
  i drive one handed all the time and i do n't even smoke . 
   even though maybe only 30 % is n't technically french it will have a ripple effect you really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i would be surprised if even one of those who did this does n't have french citizenship . 
  i did n't expect this to be hilarious, 
  it 's not hard to make an educated guess without the archives . 
  marshal p\u00e9tain was respected as a war hero and many ( most ? ), 
  french people trusted him to handle the defeat in the early years of ww2 . 
  mitterrand was one of them and he ended up working at a kind of high-ranking government position , it 's not too surprising he got an award from vichy for his `` commitment '' , even if he eventually flipped . 
  extreme crosswalk discipline is just foolish . 
  growing up in paris has prepared me for safe jaywalking anywhere but south-east asia . 
  even if on paper the law does n't target a specific group , in practice the difference was obvious . 
  you ca n't tell a christian from a crowd today , nobody carries huge crosses arround and only nuns cover their hair ; the law was no big deal to most of them because they already complied . 
  on the other hand , wearing hijab ( and in a few cases burqas ) is n't a fringe behavior among muslims . 
  you could have gone with that . 
  even the one that goes `` france is a great country , too bad it 's full of french people '' is a funnier version of your joke , and it 's way down in the thread , i do n't understand . 
   who are you to judge what is and is not benefical to society i could ask you the same , could n't i ? 
  you ca n't just say `` my way is better , so do it '' . 
  as an individual , i 'm not much . 
  as a french citizen , i am part of the group that gets to define how we rule ourselves . 
  we still get to do that , do n't we ? 
  or do we have to listen to every foreigner who thinks they know better . 
  if you 're not french , tough titties . 
  if you are , then what the hell are you waiting for ? 
  get off reddit , gather every supporter you can find and campaign for total free speech . 
   people said that about gays 10 years ago , should there have been a ban on speaking about homosexual rights ? 
  what about the rights of black people ? 
  what if 70 % of people wanted to bring slavery back , does that make it okay ? 
  i believe we move forward , not backward , meaning we learn from our past and make better decisions . 
  we will never be in a situation where we treat a group of our own citizens in such a way again . 
   you have yet to bring me one reason why hurt feelings is a justification `` her words contribute to alienating a group that is slowly healing from centuries of even worse alienation '' you had it right there in my comment . 
  in our advancement toward lgbt acceptance , we 've decided as a nation that such direct attacks on a particular group of people would not be acceptable in public . 
   hell you have yet to prove that what she said is offensive to a whole group of people , because it isnt to me or my husband well if your identity being called `` abomination '' does n't do the trick for you ... bravo for your thick skin , here 's a bloody medal , but i honestly think you 're weird . 
   we 're offended by people who act like we are children that need this level of protection you and your husband are n't spokespeople for the gay community . 
  we have different views of what protected speech should be , and it 's likely that many french homosexuals agree with me because of our cultural background . 
  to us it 's not `` white-knighting '' , it 's useful in suppressing ideas that are detrimental to the cohesion of society ( also why your bringing up government criticism was dumb , if anything brings people together it 's mistrust of the government ) . 
  it appears most people are fine with this situation , otherwise we would see more movements to have the definition of free speech broadened . 
  we do n't hesitate to take to the streets when we really care about a cause . 
  so by all means , be offended , but remember that most of us do n't care . 
  oh yes , we have even more oppression than all these countries combined . 
  please come to our aid and bestow upon us the gift of free speech !, 
  you ca n't honestly compare insulting a distinct group of people and criticising the performance of an institution ... you 're just being alarmist . 
  she can think whatever she wants , her priest can even spout that bullshit during mass for all i care ... but the moment she goes on public record she 's fair game . 
  her words contribute to alienating a group that is slowly healing from centuries of even worse alienation . 
  i 'm very happy we did n't go the american way when it comes to free speech . 
  if you can just refrain from being a huge thundercunt in public , you wo n't get in trouble . 
  it 's not so hard . 
  your joke is the first i come accross that is about us , and i got to say i 'm disappointed . 
  `` you know who sucks ? 
  the french . 
  now laugh ! '', 
  basically . 
  pretty sub-par when you had so much to work with . 
  greatness . 
  we have acquired electricity !, 
  i 'm apparently one of the few who never had a problem with cdg . 
  obviously i 'm french so i do n't experience language problems , but everytime i was there i witnessed employees helping travellers in good enough english . 
  even a custodian once . 
  i did n't have luggage issues , and strikes do happen quite a bit more than in other countries , but again i 've never been delayed by one . 
  you seem to be very unlucky with this particular airport . 
  sj\u00f9krabill . 
  icelandic is strange . 
  you 're right , it sucks so much here . 
  in fact , taking them all in would be the human thing to do for the uk . 
  they have suffered enough at our hands , really . 
  do n't be so obtuse , i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  also , i would like to propose the immediate transfer of $ 5 billion to my personal bank account . 
  most french people are fed up with mainstream parties , but still not enough to vote front national , so they keep voting mainstream . 
  places like corsica and martinique have the particularity of offering an option that is neither mainstream nor fn , and that is regionalist parties . 
  they have legitimacy because their platform includes a special administration , and rightly so since they exist in a very different context from the rest of france ( being islands , far from the mainland , with a unique ethnic/linguistic makeup ... ) . 
  really it 's not surprising that such parties rise when the main ones suck more than usual . 
  it 's not the sign of revived independentism . 
  the independance movement is nowhere near as serious and supported in corsica as it is in qu\u00e9bec . 
  and what it 's doing wrong : not giving more money to lithuania . 
  not my point . 
  it does n't matter that he 's selfish , i mean you ca n't call him a cold blooded murderer . 
  he would n't have had it in him without the ring . 
  the council of elrond gathered some of the best minds in middle earth , of course the ring was n't going to own them all in a heartbeat . 
  smeagol just did n't have a strong mind . 
  you ca n't be happily fishing with your brother and the next minute fighting to the death unless there is something unnatural at play . 
  this is all talk , it 's not going to move further any time soon . 
  and i was talking about public opinion . 
  the turkish people used to be interested in joining , but they grew tired of the process being stalled again and again . 
  if you look at recent polls you will see the support for eu membership is under 50 % . 
  you 're from north cyprus but your flag does n't reflect that ?
