  if you have examples of this happening in europe i would be curious to read about them . 
  a ban would n't hurt though . 
  they 're not really on the same level . 
  homeopathy amounts to someone refusing to properly care for themselves , at best it does nothing and at worst their own ailment gets worse . 
  `` gay cure '' carries unacceptable stigma and assured psycological damage , also being gay is not an illness so the very premise of curing it is absurd . 
  it depends honestly . 
  i want to believe most people wo n't be assholes to your face if you do n't speak like them , but i do think we can get quite hung up on accents even if we do n't say so . 
  for example , the qu\u00e9bec accent ( or any french canadian accent really , we ca n't tell them apart ) will always sound irremediably funny to us . 
  we just ca n't help it . 
  of course , i know better than to bring it up multiple times when i speak to someone from there , but in the back of my mind the thought is always there : ha , he pronounced that in a funny way , there he used funny/old-fashioned words ... etc, 
  it would be political suicide for his opposition to bring that up . 
  i will always be amused by deutschland/duitsland = land of the people . 
  who lives there anyway ? 
  uh , dunno ... people i guess , whatever . 
  well , they 're just as dangerous but unfortunately the world is pretty much blind to the threat represented by salsify upon good cuisine . 
  this joke is * verboten * !, 
  i did n't know estonia was lutheran . 
  now that neither of our countries is very religious , i guess we are the luckier ones since we at least have good looking empty churches instead of boring empty churches . 
  it 's not about that , i 'm sure estonia has other churches ( or any building ) with more interesting or better looking features . 
  it 's just strange to select this very plain one for a post . 
  all i know about the president of portugal is [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmhx7lzs6o ) , literally . 
  do n't even know his name . 
  hard to judge from a 30s clip but he seemed sensible and likeable to me . 
  plus these decorations are the bomb !, 
  the chains are massive but they somehow still look good on a modern suit , and maltese crosses are cool too . 
  most of us were probably already on a list based on porn browsing history so ... 
  thank god for [ wikipedia ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/baerle-duc#enclaves ) , unfortunately the explanation is only on the french page . 
  english tl ; dr =  in 1843 belgium and netherlands had border talks and could n't agree on this area . 
  they decided to refer to a survey treaty from 1841 , which kept track of land trades concluded between the dukes of brabant ( belgium ) and the barons of breda ( nl ) , as of 1198 . 
  based on this they could determine , plot by plot , what belonged where . 
  so the really short answer is : they had nothing in writing that was more recent than a feudal land trading game gone wrong . 
  you ca n't honestly compare the usefulness of spanish vs polish . 
  both the us election and brexit polls showed close calls before the votes , trump victory and yes to brexit looked improbable but not impossible . 
  the scores are far from close here . 
  of course it 's a while before the actual election and things could change , but so far there is no reason to doubt a 60 points lead by fillon . 
  well they have their own variety called * casgiu merzu * . 
  you guys are completely free to fight over it if you want , just ** please ** keep it off the mainland . 
  we do n't want to be caught into the crossfire of a maggot-cheese war . 
  corsicans are the scariest french people . 
  you do n't want to irritate people who enjoy rotten cheese infested with live maggots . 
  i do n't see this one as negative . 
  when i say it , i mean to convey that i acknowledge they have a tough task ahead of them , and that despite being unable to help i sincerely hope they get through it . 
  it can also be said in a joking manner , as in `` sucks to be you '' , but still not passive aggressive . 
  there is also [ villejuif ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/villejuif ) near paris , literally jewtown . 
  i think they used to mine potassium there . 
  how is it naive ? 
  there is a clear difference between being visibly religious and dressing without distinctive signs . 
  she might be misguided , but there 's no need to make her into a fundie `` wear hijab or you 're a whore '' muslim . 
  nothing in the article suggests she thinks that way . 
  no need to place words in her mouth . 
  the idea is pretty clear : women who wear headscarves are quite obviously muslims , but if they do n't wear anything , nobody can know what they are . 
  that 's right , we do n't . 
  for those who do it will only strengthten their position . 
  fn sympathisers think they both have a great vision , fn haters think they 're both nationalist loonies . 
  so really , at best he accomplishes nothing and at worst he will attract her some extra criticism . 
  aggravating circumstance because he 's a brit , and we do n't take kindly to these types around here . 
  jk , i still ( mostly ) like you guys . 
  i 'm not personally offended . 
  however , with the times of crisis and uncertainty we 're living in , we should all be extra careful to not spread rumors/false information and treat news stories with restraint . 
  first you say we have a problem with `` them '' as if you know exactly who did this , then you ask who they are ? 
  for your information , since you clearly did n't read past the headline , the search for the suspect is still ongoing . 
  his motivations are unclear as of now . 
  maybe stop assuming things , m ` kay ? 
  maybe your french is shittier than you think ... 
  what is up with criticism of french cars ? 
  they 're ok cars , not fantastic but not pieces of shit either . 
  i hope you have some legitimate or repeated issues in mind , and that this is n't some more `` german cars masterrace '' dicksucking . 
  you 're right , it 's not like they named him `` after '' a terrorist on purpose or in support of his degenerate ideas . 
  however , we should also expect parents not to be dumb fucks with their kids , and these people are clearly being dumb fucking fucks . 
  if they had decided on `` shitbox merah '' for a name , the authorities would have intervened just the same . 
  this poor kid does n't deserve a lifetime of sharing the name of a terrorist and they should have realised that . 
  i still think the situation is not the same , even if our populists are becoming more popular . 
  1 ) brexit and trump were within the realm of possibilities before the elections , as shown by the polls . 
  both looked like long shots , but not impossible . 
  our polls show le pen losing quite heavily to a mainstream conservative . 
  2 ) brexit and the us election were duels . 
  ours is a three-way , which is already a big difference . 
  le pen will have to compete with mainstream conservatives for right-wing votes . 
  as for the left-wing votes , i do n't see why they would go to the candidate that is furthest from them . 
  clinton did n't really lose because democrats jumped ship en masse , it 's more like many of them stayed home while republicans showed up in greater numbers than expected . 
  3 ) trump had a big hurdle to overcome and almost did n't make it , he would have lost without the electoral college system . 
  which we do n't have . 
  where the penalty for lying is having your hips chopped off . 
   with le pen i 'm actually worried whether i 'd be able to finish out my contract , and i 'm pretty sure i wo n't be invited to stay after ... no such thing could happen overnight , anywhere . 
  the uk is n't going to kick out all the foreigners who have their lives there , just like trump does n't want to deport the legal immigrants , and he 's the craziest of the bunch . 
  very unlikely now that sarkozy is out . 
  he would have been our clinton . 
  those now in the running are way more consensual with mainstream voters . 
  too be honest our politics are just not as crazy as yours , so the chances of a trump-like candidate being elected here are non-existant . 
  even if le pen made it , she 's still not as outrageous as him . 
   the establishment is planning on putting a very stable hand as their candidtate forward , someone people would be `` crazy '' to vote against as compared to the `` radical '' le pen/trump/brexit . 
  / u/pvt _ larry has the right idea . 
  not only is our election system different , but we are very different from americans . 
  trump could never have happened here , we still like establishment candidates too much . 
  also , trump ran under the colors of the mainstream right party against only one serious opponent . 
  in france , le pen will face 2 mainstream candidates . 
  if she makes it to the second round , most voters will flock to whoever else is there to block her . 
  that 's how we work . 
  maybe not that old fashioned actually , it might just be that i do n't hear it much . 
  when i have to ask , i usually say `` can you remind me your name '' or `` and you are mr/madame ...
