  this is not erasing fn voters ( if it was , the page would read `` france is sorry '' ) like they do n't count . 
  this message stands for the french who support europe , who are sorry that their country voted the way it did . 
  from a pro european point of view it makes sense . 
  i 'm french , pro-europe , and i 'm sorry . 
  mostly against the current eu , but since protectionism/isolationism is at the core of her program , i would assume she opposes many forms of european coop too . 
  though i 'm sure she supports a common european policy against non european immigration , got ta keep out these foreigners stealing our jerbs . 
  to sum up , i think she 's insane and that while she does have some good points about topics where the eu fails , she also has a lot of skewed perceptions of reality . 
  above all , no matter how hard she tries to sugarcoat it , her party remains a haven for racists/reactionaries and for that alone i think she 'll never get close to the presidency . 
  thank fucking god , the presidential is maybe the one election where we manage to move our lazy asses to the urns to keep fn at bay . 
  at least this makes sense , we saw it coming . 
  coming from us , it hurts . 
  there were more choices than ump/ps to voice protestation , smaller parties . 
  literally anything is better than fn , they are dangerous . 
   was n't it the exact same several years ago when jean-marie le pen was still in charge and he nearly became president , simply because a lot of people did n't bother to vote ? 
  that 's exactly it . 
  thankfully we had 2 turns , so we had a chance to mobilise for chirac , who was n't good either but definitely the lesser evil . 
  here with only one turn we did n't have this possibility . 
   i always saw the french as a very politically engaged people i wish , but no . 
  we 're very engaged when it comes to complaining about our leaders and demonstrate , but for some reason when it comes to voting we become fucking apathetic slobs . 
  at least i can say i did my citizen duty , and tonight 's disaster is not on me . 
  now we can only hope they wo n't be able to form an alliance with the other nazis & co in the ep . 
  it 's more a signal of apathy towards the election . 
  if we were that eurosceptic we would have flocked to vote for the fn massively . 
  maybe i 'm just trying to console my self right now . . 
  i 'm very sad for my country . 
  not really , the abstention rate is 60 % . 
  the fn got 25 % of the votes , around 10 % of the total population . 
  it 's still a great shame though , it 's the fault of the abstentionists . 
  fn is winning almost everywhere . 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  he thinks atheists are mad because of the christian symbolism . 
  it 's wrong , atheists do n't give a fuck . 
   if he were french or spanish and would have made that ad in france or spain nobody would even blink wrong . 
  it would be weird too . 
  that 's not driving , that 's moving with style !, 
   pierre the snobby french waiter oh yeah , that one guy , i know who you 're talking about . 
  unfair comparison . 
  if language fails they can communicate just as well with their hands !, 
   french : pretty low-key but they 'll refuse to speak english , communication be damned . 
  you really think french tourists would refuse to speak english on purpose and make their holiday more difficult ? 
  just so they can say `` muhahaha i did n't speak english to these foreigners , my life is complete , i really showed them '' ? 
  seriously how petty do you think we are ? 
  this has to stop . 
  in paris we get a lot of everything but some groups are more visible . 
  the `` behaviors '' i 've noticed are : japanese & chinese : they really do travel in flock and photograph everything . 
  fingers in a v shape mandatory or it 's not an authentic asian picture . 
  americans : can be quite loud , but very enthusiastic about everything . 
  dressed in shorts and white trainers . 
  ` murican tourists come in two varieties : family or student group on a eurotrip carrying backpacks as big as them . 
  tend to tell all their friends back home that we are literally hitler because they met a rude waiter/taxi driver or a local who did n't speak english . 
  brits : rather discrete during the day , although you can tell where they 're from by their wonderfully distinguished accent and their stereotypical [ beckham haircut ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/02/12/article-2277377-1787b758000005dc-35_308x425.jpg ) which is a dead giveaway . 
  seriously they 're the only ones i 've ever seen with hair like this . 
  do n't give them beer after nightfall or you will unleash the gremlins . 
  germans : if it were n't for [ this abomination ] ( http://www.ablogabouthistory.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/sandals.jpg ) i could n't tell them apart from the rest . 
  they 're not loud , do n't have a stereotypical behavior that i know of , very seri\u00f6s and disciplined . 
  middle easterners : you can tell they are very homesick because they always bring [ souvenirs from their homeland ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/r7rnxdacswq/0.jpg ) with them to paris . 
   that dude has to be the worst damn politician no . 
  i may think he 's pretty bad but no . 
  he 's been a disappointment but has n't commited major bullshit at least . 
  as far as bad politicians go i think the title goes to berlusconi , and i do n't know many who are at his level . 
   irrelevant politician of the past i wish . 
  he 's definitely coming back for the 2017 election and i think he has good chances . 
  all the right wingers who have n't gone full fn yet will welcome it like the second coming of christ , and he will probably also get a good chunk of the left wingers unhappy with hollande , which is a truckload of people . 
  from an irishman ? 
  are you from an alternative reality ? 
   you 'll be the playground . 
  stop your dick waving . . the current french army is more than capable to kick some ass . 
  maybe you do n't get this because you 're american but this is a pride issue , especially between us and the brits . 
  also , the internet is already not very fond of us . 
  tourism is one of the major things we 're known to do well , so if you take that away ... 
  pun intended ? 
   if i have to believe reddit get multiple sources . 
  this , read this right here , people . 
  and then they will have the nerve to say we are bad at languages . . 
  man , it 's really entertaining reading you here . 
  your arguments are so bad , it 's funny !, 
  diversification too !, 
  that 's some crafty royalty you got there . 
   people wont make line to invest money in a country that revoke licenses using bullshit excuse maybe russia wo n't . 
  which is kind of the point . 
  i do n't see why other countries on poland 's side ( namely the entire eu ) would n't , they 're pressing for sanctions too . 
   we exiled our royal family with a referendum in 1946 and they 're now involved in some sort of prostitution/gambling now * that 's * reinventing yourself after a professional setback . 
  a third faction now ? 
  let 's hope it wo n't make the fighting worse . 
  also , why is it that steelworkers as a professional category are pro ukraine ? 
   if is or not relevant is not for you to decide no , but i 'm doing a better job of it than you . 
  you said they could sue because `` national security is quite arbitrary and vague concept '' and i countered saying that whether it is vague or not has zero legal weight . 
  like i said , poland is under no obligation to provide an explanation for what they choose , it 's their resources and they do n't have to justify who they give the license to exploit . 
  if they had said nothing instead of `` national security '' , would you be saying `` the russians can sue because it 's impolite to not explain what you 're doing '' ? 
   thinking that people with billions and connection will sit and take the loss is quite funny i 'm saying nothing of the sort . 
  just opposing your claim that the russians have valid reasons to sue . 
  so far you have n't provided good arguments to support this . 
  feel free to come back with better ones and i 'll change my mind . 
  `` w. . . what ? 
  why was n't i informed of this ! '', 
  i know , i wish he was french too . 
  the russian rocket probably also had a better crash than nk 's crashes . 
  irrelevant . 
  poland is absolutely entitled to decide who can exploit their resources , and they would n't even have to justify their choices if they did n't want to . 
  it would be possible to sue only if there was a contractual breach , but nothing of the sort has happened .
