  so many people died because of russia `` covertly '' propping up the rebels , i really have a hard time accepting that you 're siding with them for such bullshit reasons . 
  fuck their sphere of influence . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't even need to cook the numbers when it comes to putin 's popularity . 
  the russians * actually * love him , which is even worse than a fake poll . 
   he got a refund minus a few hundred million where the hell did you get that from ? 
  not only did the french government announce a full refund , they also most likely paid additional compensation for side expenses like training of the russian crew and construction in a russian port to accomodate the ships , as well as adapting helicopters to maritime versions ... 
  either there 's something i do n't get about this website you linked , either it 's shit : when it comes to budget for example , israel and egypt are ranked 6th and 8th whereas if you click on `` budget '' to see the whole list of countries they appear to be 19th and 37th ... and both nations have 0 aircraft carriers yet are ranked 5th and 7th , it 's ridiculous . 
   russia did have good claims to it i 'm curious to see you explain that further . 
  well , i also rented a jetta in the us and thought it was pretty ok . 
  yeah , plus he called me minister even though i 'm usually known as master . 
  definitely a strange fellow . 
  where is that from ? 
  i do n't share your enthusiasm . 
  why would a conservative monarchy know better than us about secularism and republicanism ? 
  thank you . 
  this is mildly annoying , along with people who say * the * ukraine . 
  nobody wants to learn french anyway , anyone who gets here will potentially flock to uk bound ships so ... 
  still hungover from mixing ukrainian and russian vodka . 
  not even done chugging middle-east cocktails , plus that london dry gin is n't settling down and might make me puke . 
  shit now it 's friday , have to go back to the pub for catalan shot night !, 
  i live here and i 'm in the dark myself . 
  i can tell you that we accepted a 24 000 quota ( over 2 years ) , and that prime minister valls has declared we should take in the migrants . 
  according to polls , just above half of the people were against that until recently , now it seems to be just above half in favor , so we 're pretty split on this . 
  maybe that 's why it feels like france has taken a backseat on this issue . 
   the message that sends is that russia can invade a country , annex territory , and the moment they cease active aggression things will go back to normal . 
  it pains me to admit it but yes , they totally can . 
  we ca n't protect anyone outside nato/eu . 
  nobody is willing to risk escalating things with russia in zones that are out of our jurisdiction , there is too much to lose and not much to win . 
  if the countries at risk know what 's good for them , they will consider joining either or both organisations . 
  if they do not want to consider it , it means they are already sufficiently in the russian sphere of influence that annexation would be pointless for russia . 
  to sum up : in europe nothing but nato or eu is a sufficient deterrent against russia . 
  you 're in , or you 're screwed . 
  it 's easy to speak like that when you 're comfortably looking at the battle from thousands of miles away , and accross an ocean . 
  russia is on our doorstep and we have to deal with it accordingly . 
  that is , we ca n't do fucking shit outside of nato/eu jurisdiction . 
  sanctions are are the best we can afford , and still they hurt us because of our proximity and commercial links to russia . 
  ukraine is ** never ** getting back the lands it lost , ethnic russians are too fucking crazy and numerous there for that to happen . 
  yeah let 's roll in the tanks and teach those russians a lesson . 
  why did n't we think of that , huh ? 
  they 've become pretty screwed up yes , mingling with bird-witches and all , but none of it would have happened if they had been left alone on their homeland . 
  ulfric created this with his little ethnic cleansing attempt . 
   what good is the empire at all if they just abandon one of their provinces to a foreign aggressor it 's not so much `` abandoned '' as `` failed to defend '' . 
  it 's a military defeat , they did n't willingly give it up . 
  and you 're not considering that there is most definitely another war coming against the thalmor . 
  how could it possibly be better for skyrim to fight alone than allied with the rest of the provinces ? 
  nobody in the empire enforces thalmor rule out of zeal , they 're just waiting for an occasion to kick them out . 
  the french self-haters are only second to the british in their criticism of france . 
  a bunch of ass-kissers , this lot . 
  well damn . 
  0-2 % growth all the fucking time . 
  i ca n't help thinking of borat . 
  let me tip you 25 % for this comment, 
  yes , i agree that it 's probably my weakest point . 
  still , i do n't believe it was fair of this nz paper to pin past crimes of the french government on us all , or on our visiting sports team . 
  i mean they 're rugby players , what do they know ? 
  it 's like when the russian girls were booed at eurovision . 
  it was bullshit , they were just singers and not putin 's spokespersons . 
  when you have a gripe with a foreign government you go the diplomatic way , you do n't throw low blows at the people who did n't do anything . 
  yep , i stand by that . 
  french bashing is a shared trait in this family , you guys are the ones who made it popular . 
  be proud !, 
   i was explaining why kiwis are still pissed with france you were n't doing just that , you also went on about how we 're surrendering arrogant and rude people . 
   and similarity to fox news is a really weird thing for someone from france to accuse of someone from new zealand where you and i are from does n't matter at all . 
  fox is universally known for its outrageous rhetoric and its parroting of stereotypes , both of which i found in your own speech . 
  i have no trouble equating you with them because you argue as outrageously as they do . 
  like the rest of the anglo saxon world , you 've learnt your little lesson well . 
  it 's the tone of your speech . 
  `` you lost ww2 , your argument is invalid '' at every occasion . 
  the ignorance , the parroting of stereotypes , the bringing up of past wrongdoings to justify your own pathetic behavior . 
  it 's fox news in the flesh . 
  i do n't go around calling the germans `` fucking nazis '' or the americans `` fat bible thumpers '' because i know better . 
  apparently you do n't . 
  oh boy , you 're a treat . 
  you learnt your lesson well , you would fit right in as redactor for fox or the sun . 
  i 'll just say people like you are the reason casual xenophoby is kept alive . 
  this post is about the french agent personally apologising on his behalf . 
  did n't france and nz have the case arbitrated by the un and found an agreement in 86 , which included official apologies , millions of dollars paid in damages ( to nz , greenpeace and the victim 's family ) , and allegedly a trade deal that involved france not opposing nz exports of sheep meat to europe ? 
  is n't that an apology ? 
  and still , do you think it makes sense that we 're the target of xenophobia for things we had nothing to do with , in the context of a bloody * rugby competition * ? 
  no need to say more . 
  so what ? 
  who , apart from the people involved in the case , deserves the blame ? 
  most current ( or 2011 ) government officials had nothing to do with this back in the 80 's . 
  the people certainly did n't know either . 
  and still , what does this have to do with rugby ? 
  the french players must have been in primary school back then . 
  but no , it 's ok to publicly shit on us and to somehow connect our rugby team with the rainbow warrior from 30 years before . 
  this is like our sports newspapers covering france vs germany in the 70s and printing stuff like '' come on blues , let 's show the nazis payback for ww2 '' . 
  except our medias are n't this fucking retarded . 
  the anglosphere has taken tabloid journalism to `` excellence '' . 
  i do n't like how claerc is justifying the attack either , and for the record i think a vast majority of us also feel that it was very shameful for france , so your little french-bashing tirade was totally uncalled for ( as well as containing the usual bullshit arguments ) . 
  seriously , this kind of rhetoric belongs on fox news . 
  considering my flair i will probably look butthurt , but i remember one newspaper ( nz herald i think ) being so ridiculous with this at the time of the 2011 rugby world cup . 
  french bashing all around , and they brought up the rainbow warrior to shit on us some more , as if it had anything to do with rugby . 
  it 's like the americans who wo n't shut up about ww2 . 
  this guy is a complete nutcase . 
  if you go down the comment chain it gets worse . 
  he seems proud to be `` trained to kill and not think about it '' . 
  lots of `` usa usa '' as well . 
   basically flip the uk into a north american country instead of a european one .
