  i can usually at least recognise `` gorilla warfare '' in most languages , but not this time . 
  many are just pensioners . 
  i do n't really know what i 'm talking about , but how is this house going to avoid sinking in the beach really soon ? 
  yes , i do n't see how it 's not a terrible idea to be so close to the sea , unless this particular spot lies on some super strong bedrock . 
   more french go to live in the uk than english to france this one is because brits suck even more than us at foreign languages :p, 
  what could possibly be so bad ? 
  it 's debatable how the uk ranks against other well off countries , but it is definitely way up there when it comes to living standards . 
   the first country to make me realise the uk is n't how countries are supposed to be bit of an overreaction there mate , no ? 
   justine dieulafait her last name is literally `` god did it '' . 
  i wonder if she 's religious , would she accept the election result as god 's doing even if mlp loses ? 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  you 're assuming the proposal would have gone through with no issue , but it never got out of secretive government meetings until later . 
  you did n't consider how the public would have reacted in either country . 
  hint : not well, 
  and the aqueducts ... sanitation ... literacy ... 
  the uk is just apathetic towards religion . 
  we on the other hand went through a revolution , and the church was not on the winning side . 
  members of the clergy were seen as profiteers who exploited the people , some were even executed or lynched ... we do n't do that anymore , thank god ( lol ) , but we have inherited from that time a deep mistrust of religion ( bordering on antitheism ) , and a fierce opposition to religion being anywhere near the public sphere . 
   this was clearly a jokey remark says you . 
  who can really tell the jokes from real opinions in their fucked up administration ? 
  the head of the epa has clearly expressed his will to dismantle it , no joke . 
  just a few days ago , sean spicer was saying the trump tower wiretap thing was `` just a joke '' and that `` we should know when the president is not serious '' ... except when trump tweeted like crazy about it , he did n't seem like he was joking at all . 
  the ambiguity surrounding the wh statements on such major topics is ridiculous . 
   sounds like it might be at biggest risk of leaving at this point ridiculous . 
  support for fn does n't automatically translates into support for frexit . 
  even if le pen won , it would n't be a mandate to take us out of the eu and a referendum would fail . 
  the accurate translation of `` cas sociaux '' would be `` people who are so messed up that they need public assistance/they ca n't care for themselves '', 
  you do n't need to do anything , trump beats all forever . 
  our politicians can never hope to get anywhere close to his meme potential . 
   if fillon is convicted because of this , do we get to call him an `` ourdisseur '' ? 
  he is n't the one doing the `` ourdissage '' ( plot-hatching ) , he is the target of it , so no . 
  however you could call him a corrupt hypocritical piece of shit . 
  you can even call him that right now , no need to wait for a conviction that will probably never happen . 
  he does n't need a scandal on macron to score high , he has die-hard brainswashed followers + people who acknowledge the scandal but still identify with his program the most . 
  plus the 1st round is in just 5 weeks , that would be a very short time slot to get the 500 necessary endorsements all over again ( i do n't think endorsements are transferable if a party swaps candidates ), 
  the mercenaries of house goodmen are famed from westeros to portugal it seems . 
  random people ask you about your dating life ? 
  wtf, 
  you can still rule the waves , but only the netherlands beat them into submission . 
  europeans and europeans are natural enemies . 
  damn europeans !, 
  they ruined europe !, 
  it is , in a certain way , but this map is misleading because it assumes we are way more practicing than in reality . 
  many people will say they 're `` christian '' without thinking because they 're from a christian background and they celebrate christmas . 
  in reality they never pray , go to mass or confession , or observe lent , they 've never read the bible and could n't quote a verse if their life depended on it . 
  christianity is still the 1st religion of france , but we have a huge proportion of `` cultural christians '' ( they may be the largest group actually ) who like the fun christian traditions and holidays , but never abide by any actual religious requirement , and atheists . 
  i consider myself to be both . 
  ah i see , no crossing of the streams . 
  right . 
  no way this map is accurate . 
  how to suck the fun out of birthdays with protocol-overload, 
  you know what he meant . 
  erdogan has an iron grip on turkey and a lot of support among his people , he will probably stay in place as long as he keeps running for president . 
  he 's not quite as invulnerable as putin electorally , but he 's getting there . 
  you forget the thousands of europeans with turkish origins , they 're a literal 5th column . 
  born and raised among us , but worship erdogan for some reason and would gladly do his bidding . 
  you did n't use the french quotes ``'' , and you forgot to put spaces inside the quotes and in front of the exclamation point , in blatant disregard of glorious french typography rules . 
  literally unreadable !, 
  total failure !, 
  `` front desk , hello '' `` yes , please send up more paper '', 
  * vomits in italian *, 
  disagree . 
  trump looks like you could at least make subpar bacon out of him , while hawaiian pizza is just unsalvageable . 
   since you care for capital letters only , when it serves your purposes jesus christ . 
  i do n't even pay that much attention to the way things are capitalised except for country names , and now you 're reading some crazy shit into it . 
  you 're the ignorant one . 
   fyi every polish source mentions where she lived and work , and they never pretend it was `` nothing '' . 
  end of story and the french do n't `` claim '' her for themselves either . 
  the story here was started by the polish guy i replied to , i just replied in the same dishonest manner to call him out . 
  we care about capitalisation , really ? 
  you 're the pettiest in this thread . 
   she left poland at age of 24 so what ? 
  is there a `` threshold '' that makes people `` polish for life '' and forbidden to gain a new nationality ? 
   its almost like somebody would said i am a german engineer do you speak german ? 
  have you received german nationality , married a local , studied and lived in germany for 40 years ? 
  the dishonesty is astounding . 
  her heritage is shared , deal with it . 
  yes , * i am * the eu . 
  through me 500 millions of citizens are judging you right now , so do n't mess with me mate . 
  who knows ? 
  certainly not you . 
  and technically it would take 27 members leaving for the union to cease , so i think we 're good , thanks . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  nobody said any of that . 
  go attack strawmen somewhere else . 
   the eu becoming the eu was and is the main reason the uk is leaving that 's right , but it 's a process that 's way older than 2009 ; the uk has been complaining for ever . 
  the treaty of lisbon is just the latest reform of what has been a thing for like 25 years . 
  also , i forgot to mention this gem of yours :  the uk decides to leave in 2016 , out by 2019 . 
  a union needs to be a union to exist . 
  this may come as a shock to you , but there are 27 members besides the uk . 
  things exist beyond your little world . 
  this has to be the lair of some super villain . 
  it even has snowy slopes so you can escape on skis after you plant the bomb . 
  you look like a total troll so i 'm probably wasting my time on you , but i have to ask about your timeline . 
  how do you consider 2009 to be the beginning ? 
  the eu is the continuation of something that started in the 50 's , and the name `` eu '' came about in 1992 . 
  you replied to the wrong person, 
  yes , and the poles like to pretend france was nothing to her and is n't really worth mentioning at all in her history . 
  i know , they both look kind of terrible right ? 
  he could kill a baby on the champs elys\u00e9es and not lose a single vote , i tell you .
