  how did they know where to look ? 
  among possibly thousands of legit fishing/transport boats operating in this area , this seems like an unbelievable intelligence work . 
   the problem is does europe have what it takes to stand firm against these people i doubt it . 
  there are so many of them , they can just keep coming and hope to slip through the net . 
  i think they will only have real reasons to stop trying when their countries stop being so shitty , but that 's a whole other story . 
  what i 'm really wondering is how they were able to send back to many . 
  they usually destroy their papers and refuse to say which country they come from , specifically to avoid being sent back . 
  plus , yes the number does matter . 
  canada will never have this problem , it 's too far from everything and right next to the us which is a far more common place for immigration anyway . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't know about the queen of belgium specifically , but if there was someone i really hated for whatever reason , i would be overtly happy if they died . 
  assholes do n't get their assholish past cleaned when they die . 
  they just become dead assholes . 
   in 2011 we had ** two ** boats show up lol, 
  hey , free financial advice almost makes up for having to discuss golf !, 
  trying to keep one leg on each side of the channel , you 'll end up with your ass in the water . 
  your comment is confusing !, 
  i want to applaud for the first part but also shake my fist at the last part !, 
  edit : found solution , clap with right hand and shake left fist at the same time . 
  i sexually identify as an emerald-kin , you asshole !, 
  ok , say no more . 
  i just grew a stetson and boots . 
   i would never associate with a frenchie . 
  please do n't revoke my british passport . 
  we can read this you know . 
  once when i was a kid i was walking outside eating from a bag of candy . 
  an arab kid i did n't know came up to me and asked for some . 
  i said no because he was n't my friend and i liked candy too much to share anyway . 
  got called a racist , said nothing and moved along . 
  does n't matter , had candy . 
  on the other hand , some of my friends casually say racist stuff about arabs . 
  i try to show disapproval but i do n't lay into them to avoid alienating them . 
  it 's illegal to ask that i think, 
  you need 3 more syllables before the last verse but it 's pretty good !, 
  do n't mind my nitpicking . 
  damn dude what is a good costume for you ? 
  i wish i could look like that for halloween and finally be smug in front of my costume-maker friend and her stupid good looking costumes !, 
  and the unburnt , queen of meereen , queen of the andals and the rhoynar and the first men , khaleesi of the great grass sea , breaker of chains , and mother of dragons ... yeah yeah sure whatever . 
  you just showed you have no clue who the normans were . 
  and good old notre dame will take it like a champ !, 
  of course , the cathedral itself is made to resemble a woman lying on her back spreading her legs . 
  sex jokes hidden in the design of national monuments is just classic french humour !, 
  frankly i 'm surprised no one has realised yet . 
  actually i think the eiffel tower served us much better as a giant penis than a missile could have , thank you very much . 
  no , the louisiana purchase was like , totally on purpose . 
  now the usa can enjoy a permanent trace of frenchness and terrible accents right on their soil , in the form of new orleans . 
  this might be one of the evilest things we 've done , besides taking over the streets of london with our snooty tourists . 
   mostly i think it 's for the best , because natives of former french colonies probably prefer having their own nation ( even poor ) rather than having the fate of native americans or aborigines , paradoxically 2nd class citizens in some of the most super rich places on the planet . 
  but some times i think it would have been kinda cool if qu\u00e9bec had been allowed to expand into it 's own nation too . 
  the way i choose to look at it , the fact that the uk could n't let france have it has to mean they saw we had a pretty good thing going there :d, 
  because teenagers always take their parents ' words to heart . 
  what ? 
  i had in mind the 35 000 french soldiers who had to stay behind and be taken prisoners to cover everyone else 's retreat . 
  like others have said , both are problems but it does n't mean we ca n't do anything about anorexia . 
  many young girls are self conscious ( when they do n't become straight up anorexic themselves ) because of skin and bones models . 
  i 'm sure you would be more understanding if the uk did n't have a nifty little moat called the goddamn channel to courageously hide behind . 
  yeah that 's what happens when you do n't completely slaughter the natives and take over with european settlers . 
  if you want an honest comparison to canada , usa , australia and nz , look at qu\u00e9bec . 
  on the other hand , former british colonies where the natives retained control are dirt-poor too . 
  i guess it 's a compliment ? 
  lol, 
  france had to start using utc +1 in 1940 when the germans imposed it , and it was never retracted . 
  so really we belong in utc zone but you ca n't completely blame utc +1 on us . 
  makes sense . 
  we call the latters `` contr\u00f4leurs '' for obvious reasons . 
  why would anyone speak to a train conductor anyway ? 
  are n't they locked in their cabin at all times ? 
  hipsters ferdinand and albert : wearing the sash on the left shoulder is so mainstream . 
  let 's not disregard the important part here , this guy was doing the right thing . 
  ah the sun , such * finesse * !, 
  what about us ? 
  the fact alone that there is such a thing as polish nazis ... 
  sometimes there 's just no use trying to understand . 
   of course , that assumes that individual nations do n't put up barriers that protect their own language . 
  even that is pretty much doomed to fail in the long run , if the people so wishes . 
  take the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois : for all their reputation of being language nazis , they speak a french that is chock full of straight up english or calques ( ex : `` fall in love '' becomes literally `` tomber en amour '' ) . 
  in france , our acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise frequently creates french equivalents to english words that make their way in our language , but most are not used by anyone because people find them tacky or not as nice sounding . 
  it 's particularly true for new concepts and technology related things , and we french do n't fight that , but we have no need to adapt the rest of the language and i think it will stay this way . 
  you 'll hear us speak about hashtags , back office and e-mail , but we 'll probably never say `` house '' instead of `` maison '' . 
  so we wo n't attempt to keep our language `` pure '' of any further `` mutation '' , but most of it is pretty much set in stone for a loooooong time . 
   you 'll never be able to stop it with legislation and you want to enforce it with legislation ? 
  why not let things happen naturally ? 
  if people really want this , they will do it in time . 
  why are we always the assholes ? 
  as if nobody else cares about their language on this continent . 
  yeah , losing by this few is infuriating for sure . 
  you know , our team would have been willing to work with yours and have you lose by a much greater margin so the pill would be easier to swallow , but it 's not easy getting you lot to listen to our ideas !, 
   observe that public transportation already is subsidized a lot . 
  usually , tickets only cover 30 % or such of the costs , you 're in a better position than me to get at the correct numbers for paris . 
  in particular , construction also has to be factored in , not just operation . 
  building metros is not cheap . 
  all you 're saying is `` transport is expensive to build and already subsidised '' how is that an argument for even greater subsidies ? 
  where is the money going to come from when there are so many other issues to spend it on , like employment , housing ... ? 
   in general , public transportation without subsidies is impossible , as the prices would be too high compared to cars etc. 
  which is one way to get american conditions . 
  modern cities are impossible without public transportation , and you 'd still have to build expensive roads . 
  those are arguments for * building * a public transportation system . 
  not for making free the one we already have . 
   then , there 's secondary effects . 
  from lower pollution ( exhausts , noise , you name it ) , lower stress levels because you can make streets narrower , again , planting way more green , people using bikes , your healthcare system is going to thank you .
