  hookers are not a commercial establishment ... of course they can choose who they have sex with !, 
  you have to be either a troll or a massive idiot . 
  you 're ok with [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-g_zygpdievu/tx94hpzoddi/aaaaaaaabli/818wiin90i0/s1600/2%2bwhites%2bonly.tif ) too ? 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  a bar is privately owned yes , but it is also a commercial establishment open to the public , and as such it is governed by public laws about discrimination . 
  a house is a private domicile open to no one but the owners and guests . 
   you need to understand the risk , the difference from house to bar is 0 both are private property lol . 
  it 's sad how little you understand this . 
   we do n't care which language the customers speak so basically a massive backtrack now that he 's been exposed ? 
  happy and proud to be a part of this family !, 
  http://fr.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2516qa/why_britain_built_an_empire/chcpiy0?context=3 all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  there is criticising a culture , and there is having a whole class step on your flag . . this is n't right in any context , nobody deserves that unless you 're at war with them or something . 
   i think seeing people walk on the us flag would mean very little to me i think you highly undererstimate the patriotism of your average compatriot . 
   i 've never once heard a joke in britain ending with the punchline `` i 'd rather be french '' . 
  you should hang out around here more . . 
   sometimes place a french flag on the floor in the doorway so the entire class walked on it . 
  i think it was just a joke that he just went along with . 
  seriously ? 
  i think that goes beyond joke . 
  what would americans think if it was your flag on the ground being trampled ? 
  and of all people , it 's a history teacher making historically inaccurate jokes . 
  this guy is a fucking asshole . 
  it 's one sided : we do n't give a shit , but the brits are obsessed with us . 
  their press loves to say our country does everything wrong . 
  they have a ton of jokes with a punchline like `` i 'd rather be french '' implying it 's worse than anything else , or `` yeah we should do that , it will piss off the french '' . 
  meanwhile on the other side of the channel , nothing . 
  we just do n't do that , at all . 
  sure we joke that they have shitty food , but everyone does it , it 's hardly a french thing . 
  because the scots are soooo close to scandinavians ... 
  that is a very plain house . 
  not if you gobble it all up . 
  i 'm sure to some of them it makes perfect sense , and they are convinced to be the only ones lucid in a world where the forces of the nazi homogay eusa have sworn to destroy the righteous mother russia . 
  and humanity . 
  i did n't even know we had to buy pig from such faraway places . 
  there are already many pig farms in brittany , and if that 's not enough why ca n't we look closer for imports ? 
  come , come to the french side of the channel !, 
  i can feel your hunger , let the good food flow through you !, 
  this one is a photoshop . 
  the real billboard is about gays . 
  there 's a difference between being invited and barging in with a fresh load of freedom, 
  men do n't deserve to die more than women . 
   i have a problem with chance in general like i said , if you do n't like games of chance you do n't have to play . 
  just do n't criticise those who do , and win . 
   i 'd like a world where chance does n't influence anything . 
  haha . 
  you ca n't say `` i do n't like gravity '' and be magically unaffected by gravity . 
   people who accrue money over time through hard effort and their own work have more appreciation . 
  true  those who gain it quickly and easily are more frivolous with their spending that 's a generalisation and thus not always true . 
  and even then , so what ? 
  it 's their money , their problem . 
  they do n't have to listen to anyone but themselves to decide how to spend it . 
   you can see that with rappers who go from poverty to sudden wealth . 
  rappers do n't gamble . 
  rappers have money because they provide a form of entertainment that many people are willing to pay for . 
  it 's not quite like slaving away in an office 9 to 5 , but it 's not exactly `` little effort and no real work '' either . 
   they spend money on jewellery and flashy cars again , so what ? 
  as long as they 're not doing illegal stuff with their money , who are we to tell them how to use it ? 
  and unlike gamblers , they actually earned this money . 
   one might dislike the fact that one person can gain a lot with little effort whereas others have to work hard . 
  hahaha . 
  man , that is the definition of envy . 
  `` this guy won money and i did n't '' . 
   you only took a part of his answer because that was the part of his answer i disagreed with . 
  he said he has a moral problem with people who get ruined because of gambling and i agree with that , who does n't really ? 
  then he said he has a moral issue with people who win money out of luck . 
  i pressed the issue , because i thought that made no sense . 
  lotteries for example are fair because all participants understand and agree to the principle of the game : pay a little for sure , but maybe win big . 
  if you dislike gambling do n't play , but do n't be mad when someone wins money and you do n't . 
   that does n't mean that i ca n't prefer it another way . 
  do n't gamble then . 
  no one forces you . 
  you do n't address the point i was making , which is why would you have a problem with people who win money by chance . 
   i ca n't because i do n't see it that way . 
  so you agree with me , you ca n't find reasons to dislike people who are lucky with money . 
   said that he had problems with both extremes of gambling , though . 
  i doubt he is envious of somebody who loses everything . 
  irrelevant . 
  i wanted him to explain why he would have a problem with money ** gained ** out of luck . 
  i see no explanation besides jealousy , since neither him nor you would provide one . 
  you 're welcome to elaborate on the reasons to dislike lucky people . . 
   yes , i have . 
  that 's called envy . 
  anyways , not exactly a commendable feeling . 
   somebody gets wealthy without any effort . 
  you have a problem with luck ? 
  i do n't . 
  if you 're not good enough to make her stay , it 's on you !, 
   policeman replied that everyone knows who the dickhead is realising what he just said , russian policeman has no choice but to cuff himself and surrender to his colleagues for insult to the president . 
  we have around 36 000 districts and a mayor for each of them . 
  we quite like administrative divisions . 
  arguably just 11 out of the total is n't a lot , but it 's still too much . 
  well that 's a fucking disgrace . 
  thank god there 's only 11 of them . 
  because [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland_is_not_yet_lost ) , read the 2nd paragraph from the top, 
  we 're bringing freedom though , so it 's ok !, 
  s\u00e9bastien , nicolas , julien , k\u00e9vin , have all achieved complete domination over the mainland . 
  hipster corsica doing it 's own thing . 
  why are you opposed to sanctions ?
