  how do they use it ? 
  i really do n't know . 
   the only people i 've met who think that were from the uk come on now , you do n't have to be british to think that them leaving would be a big thing . 
  they represent a major economy and population center , and even if their opt-outs and special deals make them not as integrated as they could be , there would probably be noticeable consequences if they did leave . 
  this ship has sailed and no turk gives a fuck about that now . 
  stop it . 
  kebab control wo n't solve the problem . 
  law abiding citizens will comply , but the illegal kebab trade will thrive and , in the end , criminals will be the only ones with kebab !, 
  is this what you want , erdogan ? 
  i do n't care . 
  skirts are a basic women 's clothing item that is present in pretty much every culture of the world and associating them with a particular religion is ridiculous , even if in this case the girls did seem to wear them for religious reasons . 
  what was the principal 's argument anyway ? 
  `` your skirt is not tight enough , come back when i can see your ass curves or show them legs '' ? 
  lol at the video 's description : `` did playing hide and seek with german chancellor angela merkel improved italy 's credibility on the international stage ? 
  playful silvio berlusconi seemed to think so . '', 
  that was weird . 
   the queen of england speaks perfect french i guess she does but in this video we clearly hear `` we ca n't do this in buckingham palace '' in english ... it 's a pretty bad example . 
  i 'm already on the fence with the hijab ban but this is pure bullshit . 
  they 're skirts jfc everyone has skirts !, 
  first time i heard of this . 
  i was left with my mouth opened and wtf all over my mind . 
  i came accross / u/norrisobe a few times in / r/france and / r/islam . 
  no particular complaints . 
  that was no bomb . 
  it was a seamoyne !, 
  deactivated !, 
  to even things out , do you have examples of democrats saying dumb/crazy stuff ? 
  i did n't think of the jingoism , more of like a car accident , a flooding , a power outage ... 
  yes , it 's a double edged sword . 
  the good edge is that it makes it easier for them to move on and recover from bad situations . 
  their sense of fatality . 
  i have a feeling that the russians are the type of people who , when shitty stuff happens , will brush it off and go `` eh whatever , c'est la vie ... we just need to move on '' without being too affected by it . 
   though i suppose being too principled about arms sales just gives unprincipled bastards like the russians a big economic edge i do n't know if any arm dealing country really deserves to be called principled but yeah , i agree . 
  dictators gon na dictator , so when they want some new toys they might as well get them from us . 
  we get major export revenues , jobs , and we at least know how to sabotage their stuff if they try anything that 's too dictatorly for our taste . 
   i do n't really understand why france is paying them back a contract is a contract . 
  not completing the sale is damaging enough , not respecting the agreed upon penalties would make it worse . 
   for russia when they give back crimea russia is never giving back crimea . 
   i doubt anyone who matters is going to be pissed at france for not returning russia 's money at the moment . 
  think again , take a look at the type of country that buys our weapons . 
  russia , egypt , qatar , saudi arabia , india is ok-ish i guess . 
  but these are all pretty shady regimes , and they 're going to take good note that france used an ongoing transaction as leverage to try and influence their customer 's policy . 
  no one likes that , especially shady regimes . 
  we were going to get something good out of it either way . 
  if the sale had been allowed to proceed , money . 
  now that it 's definitely off the table , everyone has to stop shitting on us for our hesitation to jeopardise 1,2 billion and our reputation in the weapon industry . 
  i think the `` deserter '' has a face more round-shaped and looks older than the `` captain '' , whoever they both are . 
   they had never done anything wrong . 
  yes , they ran . 
  if you run from the police , the police will chase you . 
  it 's not rocket science, 
  they might not have much support , but they have them muslamic ray guns !, 
   the french government at one point threatened to reverse the earlier decision on marriage equality uh , what ? 
  the same government that successfully passed marriage equality , then threatened to take it away ? 
  i 'd like to see proof because i have n't heard of this and it does n't make sense . 
  more often than not we do n't care enough to take cheap shots at them . 
  the opposite is not true . 
  french bashing ( as a political tool for example ) is a real thing , just like in the usa . 
  they like to pretend it 's all in good fun , but we make a convenient target to rally people . 
  [ exhibit a ] ( http://www.thelocal.fr/20150323/we-wont-be-as-bad-as-france-says-uk-pm ), 
   all your soldiers just do nothing in peacetime , receive salary i never said any of that . 
  i was talking about quitting during peacetime , meaning they would n't be soldiers or receive pay anymore . 
  in the case of a war that is so bad that the professional army is n't enough , there would be a general draft anyway . 
  that kind of sucks , no room for error . 
  if you realise army life is not for you , whether you stick with it or quit you 're fucked . 
  do all employers make verifications on the type of discharge ? 
   i 'm not religious but i do n't get why you need to be so antagonistic toward them i 'm pretty sick of hearing every day about religion being responsible for yet another massacre or oppressive law or general suffering in the world . 
  religions wo n't leave us the fuck alone . 
  regular believers have absolutely no control over the crazies , and even the moderates can widely share pretty crazy beliefs too . 
  they have long exhausted my tolerance of their intolerance so now they can just fuck off and die . 
  ** all languages will be assimilated . 
   all sciences in the usa , by the armed forces no one cares but those in these fields . 
  and they 're a minority . 
   it 's taught in all schools and promptly forgotten by people not in said fields , as most people never need it in daily life . 
   its the topical day to day things that are in the english system . 
  yup . 
  this is why your rebuttal is n't that good . 
  you 're basically saying `` metric is everywhere except where it matters most '' . 
  i do n't give a hoot that a scientist in a lab uses 100 cl test tubes , i care about understanding a guy telling me his size is 5 feet 6 , i care about how cold is 60 \u00b0 f so i know how to dress . 
  they hate us cause they anus . 
   they are paralytic by 10 am , take a three-hour lunch and then spend their afternoons sleeping or drinking in cafes whining about lost empires . 
  and if you 're looking to travel to europe during summer , beware . 
  the entire continent gets 3 months paid leave from work honestly , who would want it any other way ? 
  damn , i even got a patriotic boner out of this . 
  young people do n't know their classics anymore . 
   i shudder at the thought of actually intelligent terrorists . 
  there are plenty of these . 
  they 're those you heard about because they succeeded . 
  they 're those you have n't heard of because they have n't decided to act yet . 
  it * is * pretty frightening , but it would serve no purpose to ignore this truth . 
  come on , you ca n't mention this story without this [ gem of journalism ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rnaqxl7uvv8/t8d3jntahpi/aaaaaaaacx4/bx2ga6mossg/s1600/i-kicked-burning-terrorist-so-hard-in-balls.png ) !, 
  i do n't know what the fuck i just watched ... 
  i think the monty pythons out-pythoned themselves on this one, 
  a m\u00f8\u00f8se once bit my sister ... 
   what do you think europe could do to stem the flow ? 
  sink the boats on sight . 
  just kidding , i 'm not that fucked up . 
  i guess we 'll have to line some government 's pockets so they will accept to receive rejected people . 
  the only alternative i see is fixing africa so yeah , nope . 
   csis tracked the boat from the day it left thailand .
