  if one or both pointy ends remain , a hardened baguette can also be used for stabbing . 
  almost got me . 
  someone 's salty, 
  pls give clay, 
  `` most crappy '' is relative . 
  worst rated french city and it still has 80 % satisfaction . 
  things are improving ? 
  i have n't been trained for this , what 's the procedure ? 
  i only know how to complain and be pessimistic !, 
  0 effort , you deserve your downvotes . 
  were n't forced to do that ? 
  like , `` if you do n't have a huge portrait of him in a prominent place , you look like an american spy '' or something ? 
  i 'm quite sure the ussr did enforce some sort of extreme state atheism . 
   ` because that is just what you do ' the reason why so many stupid traditions have survived until today . 
  damn , if that 's the cause then brazil must be at stalinist levels of atheism now . 
  correction ... [ denied ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/son-i-am-disappoint ) . 
  you got meme 'd . 
  you had it right there in huge letters behind the host , and you still messed it up . 
  son i am disappoint . 
  because the uk would be leaving a union it has been a part of for like 40 years . 
  switzerland and norway have never been members , it 's not comparable at all . 
  lol ... as if i should care personally that some gamers do n't like ubisoft . 
  a few of them yell very loud on the internet , but the majority still buys the games . 
  mostly i 'm happy that a french company gets a prominent voice in the games industry , and no amount of criticism will erase all the great aaa titles they released , even if i agree they fucked up a lot recently . 
  why ? 
  ubisoft , most people probably think it 's american . 
  well with such a catchy slogan i have to agree . 
  you ca n't have them if you do n't also have a catchy slogan , better work on that . 
  `` the falklands belong to england '' does n't work , not inclusive enough . 
  no need to go that far , you can order some in england . 
  the artisanal ones are often the best and they 're harder or more expensive to find online , but there are a few big brands with good quality that you can easily get , dry or semi or sweet : [ kerisac ] ( http://www.beersofeurope.co.uk/kerisac-cidre-bouche-breton-traditionnel ) [ lo\u00efc raison ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/breton-cidre-loic-raison-sweet/dp/b00kvexdo0 ) alternately , go for dinner to your nearest cr\u00eaperie restaurant and they will have some . 
  if they do n't , they 're not a cr\u00eaperie . 
  true , true ... but this time it 's 100 % justified . 
  please tell me more about how france suppresses the use of the corsican language . 
  in which century do you live ? 
  france has stopped suppressing regional languages for quite some time now . 
  admittedly the damage is done , but these days the trend is to preserve them with things like bilingual signage and language immersion schooling . 
  look up diwan schools . 
  i think everyone noticed , but the thread went in another direction . 
  you have too little faith in our knowledge of basic european geography !, 
  it 's second after normandy for production , and cider is a staple of breton food culture . 
  there are other regions , but i did n't think their production was very significant so i 'm surprised to see a foreigner mention basque country but not brittany . 
  we played no part in this , blame the americans !, 
  no mention of brittany ? 
  you 've just made an enemy for life !, 
  it is customary to hate your capital city if you do n't live there , for uh ... reasons . 
  me too , but when i think of it i do n't think we had many news of international importance recently . 
  the biggest thing right now is the labour code reform and it 's quite french-centric . 
   we dont care about russia , they just cause trouble you see a lot of that ? 
  to me it seems instead that russia has become some sort of boogeyman , that 's the opposite of not caring . 
  we tend more to accuse them of many things ( rightly and wrongfully ) than to not care . 
   i do n't assume anything , you are the one painting it as an economic wasteland bitch , please . 
  almost the entirety of your previous comment is saying just that . 
   0 hour contracts are ~ ~ vital for an economy . 
  they are ~ ~ hugely useful for employers that i can believe . 
   they often act as a brige for the unemployed to become the employed . 
  do n't believe everything the tories tell you . 
   it 's not easy , but it 's absolutely possible for anyone . 
  then why is n't everyone with a shitty job doing that ? 
  because the `` not easy '' part is sometimes too hard to overcome . 
  there are possibilities in france too , but not everyone has the means ( financial or otherwise ) to use them . 
  we have fundamentally divergent opinions . 
  i would rather preserve as much safeguards for employees as possible while you would prefer to give companies more power than they already have . 
  i will take more unemployed over more working poors any day . 
  i 'm actually amused by the way you managed to work more condescension into an apology . 
  it would be dishonest for me to claim france is in a good situation right now , but it 's not the economic wasteland you assume it to be either . 
  i agree we need some change but not at any cost , for instance i hope we never generalise 0 hours contracts , which i suppose you probably love . 
  for the sake of the argument , what would you say a guy can do to change careers if they 're a janitor , with barely a highschool degree , from an immigrant background and with a family to support ? 
   it implies you have n't found enjoyment or fulfillment in what you do it 's not what it means . 
  the meaning of it is that it 's bad to allow your work to spill into the rest of your life and phase it out . 
  it 's possible to both have a job you enjoy and know where to place boundaries for your personal life . 
  you on the other hand sound like you defend slaving away at work at your boss ' command , even if i suppose you do n't really think that . 
  if you do , you need help . 
   if that 's how you feel you should change careers , you 're supposed to enjoy work wow , it 's that easy huh . 
  not everyone has the luxury to find a job they enjoy , do you realise that ? 
  i 'd like to see you walk up to a guy who has no resources , no education and a shitty job because he ca n't find anything better , and tell him `` suck it up buttercup , if you do n't like it just change careers ! '', 
  we work to live , not live to work . 
  i feel sorry for anyone who does the latter . 
  it wo n't happen , / u/zebarbu got it right . 
  he has a small following of hardline fans , but besides that he is done for . 
  since he stopped being president he has been saying a lot of stupider shit than when he held office , he ruined his own reputation . 
  now even his party 's sympathisers do n't want him , he just serves to dilute the votes for the party 's primary some more ( they already have like 12 candidates for nominee ... ), 
  brittany is a great place for brits . 
  it offers the advantages of french life but also has a strong regional identity that adds an extra flavour to the experience , it 's a more relaxed environment than paris , it has beautiful countryside and coast scenery as well as medium-sized cities , it 's close to the uk ( ireland too ) and directly connected via ferries and eurostar , and last but not least : the weather there is a bit more likely to be shit than in the rest of the country so you wo n't feel homesick too much . 
  considering all this , it 's no wonder brits are buying up all the cottages in brittany . 
  * ^ ^ grmblgrmbl ^ ^ damn ^ ^ immigrants !, 
  it 's about doability , not the legal aspect . 
  right , but think of them sweet * popular votes * !, 
  the polish diaspora all over the world would have an identity crisis trying to decide between their country 's generic as fuck english song and another country 's song in polish . 
  everyone would love you for being so edgy , cultural , multikulti , daring . 
  yes please , for the love of god , something else than generic anglo pop . 
  have you not realised ? 
  `` bland pop song in english '' is the recipe to success in eurovision . 
  that or being invaded by russia . 
  do n't worry . 
  if our song next year is in french people will hate us again , because singing in your own language is for some reason a big no-no , and back to the bottom we go . 
  you should try to send a guy that sings in polish or something , and you might have a shot at rising in the ranks . 
  good video , but it could do without the singing and music . 
  it 's distracting me from ... the rest . 
  i would say about 5000 .
