  does the age thing come into play ? 
  stupid fat nationalists !, 
   you 're supposed to seek asylum in the first country you set foot on and sweden is all the way up there , far away it 's exactly my reasoning and i do n't understand how so many people make it all the way to sweden . 
  it 's not like all it takes is a boat ride accross the mediterranean sea , it has to be way harder than that . 
  so i have 2 questions for you , 1 : how do they get there before being stopped on the way accross europe ? 
  and 2 : why does sweden grant so many immigration requests if it ca n't manage them ( you said youth unemployment is high ) ? 
  they also wanted big avenues so the army could shoot at the crowds with cannons ... not cool . 
  my old friend cbfw86 , i keep running into you !, 
  and if this is all you want to say , then all i have to answer is thanks !, 
   the french measurement of feet ( 5 ' 2 ' ) which differed to the british measurement of feet ( 5 ' 9 ' ) you can also thank british propaganda who saw an easy shot to take at napol\u00e9on 's image ... come on , you know what you did :p, 
   source : i 'm french , raised in a french family , currently living in france well that 's not good enough . 
  i 'm going to need better sources than that . 
  do n't tell the british . 
  ^ ^ actually ^ ^ yes , ^ ^ tell ^ ^ them ^ ^ :d, 
  to keep the peace and good mood in this thread , i will not say anything ... this time . 
  the internet has a history of being rough to us , do n't deny that . 
  i had good hopes for this thread though . 
  they 're always warm and fuzzy and everyone says good things . 
  i have no words ... actually yes , one : beautiful . 
  larger population and better infrastructure does n't make up for no resources . 
  seriously , they really have nothing but tourism . 
  many locals have seasonal jobs during summer when it 's full season , then it dies down and they must work somewhere else . 
  they have no room for farmland , they could n't compete at fishing against the big nations next to them , they have no mining , forestry or significant cultural exports ... 
  there would also be internal divisions since many of them do n't want to hear of independance . 
  and corruption , oh god the corruption . 
  france is already more corrupt than nordic countries , but we 're talking about corsica here . 
  in the middle of the mediterranean area , might as well call it corrupt-land . 
  of course if they did request a referendum and won independance , i would be all for letting them have it . 
  but if they pursued the idea they would explode mid flight , and france would have to clean up the mess . 
  it would be an expensive lesson so i would rather not have it happen . 
  true , but imho they 're just pandering to the `` militant '' fringes of corsican separatism ( read : they do n't want to receive `` visits '' or have their house/car burnt down ) . 
  anyone with half a brain knows corsica as a nation is not viable , even locals . 
  at best they * might * get a bit more administrative power since corsica is a special region . 
  looking forward to your joining the club . 
  we have cookies , and homobuttsex . 
  but mostly cookies . 
  of course not , everyone knows estonians communicate by tongue clicking . 
  well , that 's mostly what they do today . 
  petty teenage vandalism because it 's `` rebellious '' . 
  serious actions are very rare . 
  and anyways , now we just have an excellent grade instead of perfect . 
  big fucking deal . 
  you 're right . 
  the breton movement is long dead , i 'm 21 and i have never seen it make the news in my life . 
  i 'm sure it still `` exists '' in the form of a folkloric association made up of 3 grandpas drinking cidre at their meetings . 
  the basque movement ( eta ) has been getting less and less violent over time , they declared to cease their activities in 2011 and were recently in negotiations to disband the organisation completely . 
  separatism was never even strong in the french part of basque country to begin with . 
  the corsicans of the flnc are maybe the most active and dangerous separatists in france , relatively speaking . 
  in 2012 they blew up 26 holiday houses on the island , owned by people from the mainland . 
  but popular support for them is not big enough to be significant , and even if it were and they got their independance , we would just have to sit back and watch the new state fail , burst into crisis , then beg to be part of france again . 
  they have nothing but tourism as a resource . 
  that was quite a rant , if it bored you to death i 'm sorry !, 
  but the point is , come visit france in all safety !, 
  almost 100 % terrorist free !, 
  breton separatists more vocal than the basques or corsicans ? 
  they have eta and flnc , do you know of a breton equivalent ? 
  when was the last time someone got killed or that a car blew up in brittany because of separatism ? 
  i 'm not sure we live in the same country you and i ... 
  just be happy . 
  we speak english which is super useful in life and our native languages rock . 
  italiano ? 
  you should take lessons with funny-bot . 
  this is not r/polandball , joke all you want my friend !, 
  here latvia can into potato and poland can into space !, 
  i actually spent an embarassing amount of time looking for the uk and usa . . your idea is interesting , but there might be slight disagreements between countries as to which version of the language is better . 
  as funny as the clip is , mr chabal is not representative of most french people . 
   one of the main reasons being we hate the fact that english is more important than french what is it , the 50 's ? 
  who thinks like that today besides your grandparents ? 
  i blame the school system which does n't give english enough weight ( for a reason * not * related to pride ) . 
  hiring more native anglophones as teachers would be a good start . 
  edit : dammit , i should read articles before commenting repetitive info . 
  anyways , [ here ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/soutien-aux-5-bordelais-qui-ont-promen%c3%a9-serge-le-lama-dans-un-tramway/320421894763677?fref=ts ) is a link to their facebook support page . 
  it 's still fun to see this story get blown out of proportions :d, 
  we 're jealous allright . 
  we guillotined all of ours but you managed to save yours for later . 
  lucky you !, 
  is the queen off limits for jokes ? 
  is there anywhere where `` the opposition '' does n't mean `` not part of the government ? 
  no , no ; you 're supposed to piss off the british . 
  i feel the urge to yell ** schnell !, 
  ** medal of honor has permanently corrupted me . 
  how about using an impersonal form like `` se debe visitar la catedral '' or something ? 
  just the accent is enough to go from casual to formal ? 
  too bad you guys wanted him in office ... ( no offence , i get that some people did n't vote tory ), 
  drop some culture while you run away , it will confuse them !, 
   downvote me to hell lol , so brave . 
  do n't worry , this opinion is the popular one here . 
  did someone say qu\u00e9bec surprise anschluss ... 
   language is germanic it 's more complicated than that ... 
  if we can rely on wikipedia it 's a real language clusterfuck . 
  luxembourgish is used for day to day convos but less often in written form . 
  french is used for most of the written official business . 
  german is the language of much of the media and the church . 
  the first years of school are taught in luxembourgish , before switching to german , then to french in secondary . 
  in the middle of this mess there is a large portuguese community , hence a quite widespread knowledge of portuguese too . 
  the good side of this is they 're all polyglots by the time they get out of school , if not earlier . 
  the bad side is * seriously wtf ?? 
  and the number one is ... * * drumrolls * * completely unheard of ? 
  americans with any heritage wo n't shut up about it . 
  i think that 's what happens everywhere ...
