  he was asked the question , he just gave an answer . 
  maybe he took a few jabs at cameron while he was at it , but the answer still stands true, 
  i always thought it was curious that we are the ones known for being bad at languages , find me a brit that can speak something else than english ... 
  being prejudiced against a race is not fair for all the people from this race who are good . 
  i would rather meet my neighbors and see how they behave before deciding if they 're assholes or not , rather than to expect something bad before i know them just because they 're not white . 
  a bit idealistic but it works, 
  france winning at something !, 
  ( got ta look on the bright side ... ), 
  hahaha . 
  make me !, 
  it 's true , i ca n't be bothered to read religious texts . 
  i base what i say on what i see , and what i see is christians up in arms to fight things like gay marriage . 
  that 's evidence enough , even if a few denominations are more accepting . 
   your argument is like saying that the koran is pushing people to explode themselves or that socialism leads to communism what in the fuck ? 
  i do n't see how you can compare what i say to this ...   that 's cherry-picking . 
  thank you for giving us a demonstration . 
   but hey , if you think christianity does n't require thought , you 're as bad as the evangelical rednecks in the us that are homeschooling their children about how dinosaurs did n't exist wat . 
  you make no fucking sense at all . 
  i never said anything of the sort , and this topic is n't even related to the part of my comment you quoted . 
   edit : and who do you think you are telling gay people they 're not allowed to be christians or to believe ? 
  how dare you ? 
  i do n't tell gay people if they are allowed be christian or not . 
  read better before making a fool of yourself , even if it 's too late by now . 
  when i wrote `` spoiler : it 's not '' it was a way of underlining the conflict that exists with being both gay and christian . 
  it 's a conflict that can be resolved in 2 ways : either you do n't engage in any homosexual act , which is negating your nature , or you cherry-pick the bible by choosing to conveniently ignore the parts that say homosexuality is a sin/wrong / whatever . 
  none of these 2 options are good ; the latter is just a little better because at least people who do that find a way which , though twisted , allows them to conjugate their sexuality and religion . 
  you know i 'm right , try looking for a church that says engaging in homosexuality is totally ok in christianity ... you 're gon na be searching for a long time . 
   being christian means believing in that book not the old one aaaaand there you go , that 's cherry-picking . 
  thank you for giving us a demonstration . 
  `` yeah but the ot is n't supposed to be followed '' then why is it still part of the bible ? 
  why does anyone read it at all ? 
  who got to decide the ot is n't to be followed , and what was the legitimacy of this person to say such a thing ? 
  if god is all knowing he should have known the ideas of the ot would be `` frowned upon '' in our times , so why did he include it in the first place ? 
  plot holes , plot holes ... 
  this article is about gay christians , or christians who think christianity is n't inherently incompatible with homosexuality . 
  spoiler : yes it is . 
   book is that ? 
  i had the bible in mind , but you can pretty much replace it with any religious text, 
  this shows how powerful religious indoctrination is , when it makes people negate their own nature because some old book told them they 're evil ... edit : actually in this case it 's not so much negating their nature , rather conveniently leaving out the parts that say `` gay = bad '' to happily continue being christian . 
  some good ol' cherry-picking , nothing we 're not used to with believers . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  civilians with police batons , holding rioters on the ground ? 
  naaaaah ... as much as i wish it was the case, 
  the most undecided too , apparently, 
  yes , i just made up a ridiculous example to show my point , which is that it is hard to imagine an adult man living with his parents without all the silly `` adult teen situations '' coming to mind . 
  i damn well hope that at such an age they do more at home than just sit at the computer or play console :d, 
  i do n't want to get into the military-political-economical implications , but i would just be sad to see brothers go ... :-(, 
  i strongly advise in favor of german or russian , that 's what makes sense the most in the current economic context, 
  build a [ trojan rabbit ] ( http://nathanconquersuk.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/57765monty-python1.jpg ) to get back in . 
  works everytime . 
  disclaimer : i accept no liability for subsequent ejections into the air . 
  i woud n't call it ridiculous , rather amusing . 
  imagine your boss ( who 's probably older than you ) going home at night to be greeted by his mom . 
  `` so how was your day ? '', 
  `` it was cool mom , im going to my room now '' `` while you 're there , take the chance to pick up your mess !, 
  how do you want me to clean the dust with your dirty clothes all over the place ! '', 
  `` yeeees moooom ... '' `` listen to your mother or i do n't make your favorite dish tonight ! '', 
  the class and the material we used were only about men . 
  i also wondered `` what about women '' but did n't have the chance to ask the question . 
  i guess it 's more a man 's thing . 
  in some examples the father was present but barely covered , because what 's interesting here is the mom that still tends to her son as if he 's a 40 years old teenager . 
  overtime the father-son relationship does n't change as much as mother-son , so it was n't relevant in this class . 
  i think the documentary we watched focused on men with good jobs and everything because it 's with them that the contrast is most visible ; they have all the keys to independance but choose another way of life . 
  for example one of the men did have his own house ( and a very nice one with that ) , but chose to spend most of his time at his parents ' place . 
  it would n't have been as striking if it was a guy staying with his parents because he does n't make enough to move out . 
  why would you assume that ? 
  i was in italy , if there was an appropriate time to learn about italian culture it was this time . 
  i was genuinely interested . 
  i learned a lot and i can easily say it was my best class of the semester, 
   i am interested in understanding the involved mental processes wow , why so serious ? 
  we watched videos of men aged as old as 40 something , having executive jobs making really good money , driving convertibles , hitting on younger women and stuff , being the generic italian ladies man ... and at the end of the day they go home where their mom cooks them pasta , does their laundry and tidies their room . 
  i did n't mean to offend but ... it 's quite unheard of to see grownass men with their own lives and all , who in the end still are mama 's boys . 
  it does n't fit with the image of the rich urban & active man . 
  edited for clarity, 
  when i was in turin for my erasmus exchange , i had an italian culture course and the teacher made a whole session on mammoni , with videos of interviews , graphs by region and all . 
  funniest class of the semester :d, 
  relevant username . 
  yeah i did n't know at first ( ca n't really blame me , with his armor and half his face missing he looks kinda different ) but then i researched the actor and it blew my mind . 
  he 's so good in such opposite characters . 
  ( http://th07.deviantart.net/fs18/200h/f/2007/198/3/0/yarp___standard_aspect_by_squirminator2k.jpg ), 
  i like ` rop though, 
  whenever this joke is made , 9 times out of ten it 's about us ( france is a great country , the only problem is that it 's full of french yadda yadda etc ) . 
  for once , be a man and take it . 
  bloody teabag . 
  this name is so silly it makes me giggle every ( billy ) time . 
  i 'm even disappointed by how bland ours is . 
  seriously , who needs law when you have orchids or profit ? 
  hey bulgaria , you might want to look towards austria to sell your insurances , they also have profit . 
  hungary too , but it seems limited to the dental sector . 
  ` nuff said, 
  you sound like there 's just nothing in the uk . 
  like , at all . 
  it seems jews favor the temperate climates of central and eastern europe to reproduce during the mating season . 
  they then migrate to different countries . 
  western europe is fine ... netherlands has quite a few ... germany ... poland and slovakia , still not too bad , let 's go further east - holy mother of rabies !, 
  well they 're on the list of those who ruled the island , so they should be counted in too touchy or not, 
  yeah that kind, 
  they bothered trying to find an interpreter to ask for permission to get some water , while a fire was burning ? 
  you swiss people surely are quite relaxed ... 
  i take offense in this .
