  based on that we can say if you choose not to trade with the uk just say so and we will cease trading with all eu countries and buy whatever we need from the world and sell whatever they need to them . 
  what 's more , we will not allow any eu country to cherry pick the benefits of the uk including all eu migrants . 
  the sending of pounds to eu countries will not be permitted and all benefits , child tax benefits , nhs , doctor , and housing will immediately stop regardless ironclad reasoning right there . 
  make this man the new british pm at once !, 
  because a woman can only be judged on her looks . 
   in history there are women sleeping with your kings all the way to the top and for power , right ? 
  you mean , in literally everyone 's history ... 
  most decisions in a kid 's life are up to the parents , but not all . 
  none of what you said requires permanent body modifications . 
  there goes your entire argument . 
  i wonder what you 'd say if there was a religion that mandated giving full face tattoos or piercings , cutting off fingers or the tongue at birth because `` only god 's word is worthy of being spoken '' or some other bullshit . 
  spain is n't exactly a little country but yeah , if you 're not france or germany ( or uk up until recently ) it 's harder to get a pass . 
  the jews did this ... 
   if you 're a man free the peasants from oppression of the royalty ( in modern times this simply means constant strikes against the capitalists/government ) well , they do have a few royals lying around still , we used all of ours already . 
  how about this : every brit who goes in front of buckingham and says `` her majesty can kiss my ass , vive la r\u00e9publique !, 
  '' , and proceeds to show their ass to the palace , gets automatic citizenship . 
  have some of mine , they 're delicious !, 
  i uh ... found them . 
  just lying around like regular croissants do . 
  yeah . 
  tolerate what ? 
  soldiers in the streets do n't change a thing for the average person . 
  it would be different if they were setting up roadblocks and checkpoints in the cities , but they are n't . 
  they do n't participate in everyday policing or controlling riots . 
  all they do is walk around busy areas and stand guard in front of certain sensitive sites ( namely jewish/israeli ) . 
  the only representatives of state authority that civillians directly deal with , are the police . 
  like always . 
  either a troll or an actual racist who thinks black people ca n't be french, 
  can we agree that both henry 's handball and eder 's were bullshit ? 
  2 wrongs do n't make a right . 
  wait until you hear about the reptilian jews ... they 're the real danger out there !, 
  not a fan of the shape , and the colors make it look really ugly, 
  apparently the refs are assigned a game ahead of time and are replaced only if their team ends up playing it . 
  also , rizzoli did n't even see the handball and called a penalty only after being informed by the line ref , so he ca n't be faulted for `` trying to get revenge '' on germany . 
  why was the penalty silly ? 
  have you seen the video ? 
  it 's totally a handball . 
  you would think an experienced player like schweini would know not to put his hands up like this in the penalty area . 
  edit : came accross [ this ] ( https://gfycat.com/handsomefrailiaerismetalmark ) ... it even looks intentional . 
  this is the direct aftermath of brexit , too early to see long term consequences . 
  i 'm pretty sure the markets will stabilise and the pound will go right back up . 
  do you seriously want to join the eurozone ? 
  i thought the pound was the last thing any brit would want to give up . 
  can you give a tl ; dr of this ? 
  it was a joke, 
  you 're making assumptions , the sensitive thing to do would be to ask for xir/zurg/thur preferred pronouns . 
  how could it not happen ? 
  a majority voted for it . 
  even if it was kind of close ( still 4 % difference ) and even if many of the leave voters are having second thoughts , it really says something about the british attitude regarding the eu . 
  i think it needs to happen now . 
  what is the `` foreign '' guy supposed to be ? 
  i could at least understand what he said , the kids on the other hand ... 
  in true chaotic evil fashion , russia will declare war on both sides . 
  and itself , by having another soviet revolution . 
  new zealand , why not . 
  plus i do n't think we 've had call of duty games located in that region before . 
  new zealand it is !, 
  nothing personal kiwis , it 's only for the lulz . 
  hum . . we have nukes , you know . 
  our army could defeat pretty much any european army ( uk being a major exception ) . 
  i just want to spice things up , you 're supposed to mix up the teams once in a while or it gets boring . 
  italy has figured that out . 
  no , because member states still need a common language to interact . 
  do you think they will suddenly start to heavily teach french all accross the eu ? 
  or german ? 
  it would be completely unrealistic , not to mention a terrible idea . 
  we need the english language . 
  i suspect she would absorb the radiations from a nuclear blast , and mutate into a rad-queen . 
  if it comes to war , can we be on the same side for a change ? 
   most of the eu web was in english , will this change ? 
  will english somehow become harder to learn because of brexit ? 
  there 's your answer . 
  i 'm curious about your flair . 
  you 're from norn iron but you fly the colors of the republic , and the text is in french . 
  `` however heavy handed '' you say ... 
  i 'm sure the republican guards would love an occasion to stage a real cavalry charge with their swords drawn !, 
  lol . 
  you compromise on the little things , not the big ones . 
   having italy might allow some italian missions , which gets you out of the traditionally thought of wwi battle areas that 's even funnier . 
  let 's make a game about ww1 that does n't have the biggest battles of ww1 ... not like people would want to play these anyway . 
  your arguments would make sense if the game included all the big players but missed out on a few `` not as big but still '' , like italy . 
  if they really wanted 3 good guys and 3 bad guys they should have cut italy , period . 
  i hope dice did n't make any claims touting the historical accuracy of their game ... 
  you would n't , unless the game story was situated at the very beginning . 
  in a moment of astounding clairvoyance , the french leadership decided to lose the red pants and hats a few months in when they realised it was bad for camouflage . 
  it was a joke . 
  i 'll let it slide this time , but i better not catch you not getting my jokes again !, 
  do you mean the `` kangaroo '' australia , or the `` mountain germans '' australia ? 
  i know these things can get confusing from across the pond . 
  not the same type of salt . 
  the spanish wine trucks in france were because a trade dispute , it was n't paid for . 
  it was criminal and shameful to do , but it at least made sense that french producers would try to block foreign wines coming into the country . 
  the french wine in america was just some red-blooded idiots paying for wine and pouring it down the drain because france did n't go to iraq . 
  this action did n't make sense for anyone but them , because they were too stupid to see they were only hurting themselves . 
  we laughed as they wasted perfectly good wine that they paid for . 
  actually i think i enjoy the taste of nationalist tears more than wine . 
  i do n't [ know ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita ) where this [ stereotype ] ( http://www.tobaccoatlas.org/topic/cigarette-use-globally/ ) comes from, 
  baguettes are not that sensitive . 
  only heavy rain can ruin one . 
  club if you 're lucky .
