  / u/suicidemachine is right and your one anecdote is not enough to completely contradict what he says . 
  stupid snowflakes parents are stupid . 
  i guess jesus had just discovered wordart on powerpoint . 
  we 're not your pal , buddy . 
  why do you make it about the uk ? 
  it 's not the point . 
  how are we higher than italy ? 
  that 's bull . 
  actually i kind of like it too . 
  the extreme patriotism of americans is a likely explanation for why they slap their flag everywhere , though it tends to make me take it less seriously . 
  rosbif is an umbrella term . 
  there is n't a word for every country of the uk so let 's stick to known conventions, 
  i do n't go around distributing citizenship to the first rosbif that shows up in a random thread !, 
  he has n't passed the test yet . 
  standards , yo !, 
  camarade , you would enjoy our famous guillotine experience ^ ^ tm !, 
  royalty not included . 
  though that should n't be a problem for you , i understand you have a few of these lying about . 
  agreed . 
  when i think about it , it 's no wonder this flag found its way on so many clothing items and other objects , for the esthetic aspect . 
  even if it was n't a flag , it would still be an interesting abstract pattern . 
   learning french is like learning to juggle . 
  it 's a neat party trick , but it is completely useless . 
  says the guy who thinks polish is a global language . 
  you are too stupid to argue with about this . 
  goodbye , or should i say , do widzenia . 
   i think if you live in europe , polish is more relevant . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around your perception of languages and their relative importance ...  france , belgium and monaco excluded , of course oh if you see it that way i can play that game too . 
  if by your logic i can exclude every country where polish is spoken in europe , i guess french is more relevant !, 
   if you live in gabon , or one of the other three underdeveloped african countries where people speak french you must be trolling . 
  in case you 're not ... french is an official language in 29 countries ( plus about 20 others where it 's not official but common ) , including canada and switzerland which you forgot , yeah those underdeveloped countries . 
  polish is official in ... poland . 
  outside of poland , it is spoken a lot in lithuania , ukraine and belarus . 
  all 3 being international heavyweights , of course . 
   and the fact that france had colonies and was an important empire at some point a long time ago , has very little effect on the relevance of the french language today . 
  this is the stupidest thing you 've said . 
  if you 're a troll , congrats , you got me . 
  if you 're not , you need a reality check . 
  and maybe to take a crash course in history and geography . 
   german is definitely a more useful language to you maybe , but your case is not universal . 
  german has a major presence in central europe , mostly germany + austria + half of switzerland , and that 's it . 
  french has western europe , a bit of north america and a large part of africa . 
   and i think it has more native speakers this is insignificant . 
  the valid points he makes about french are drowned in inflamatory language , exaggerations and blatant falsehoods . 
  `` in algeria , after the algerian war , french was mostly expunged '' about 60 % of algerians can understand french , 30 can read and speak it , it 's a major language in business , in the news and in education . 
  `` it is questionable whether any africans will be speaking french in a few decades '' democratic republic of the congo is the first francophone country in the world , before france . 
  french is so widespread in western and northern africa that it 's used as a lingua franca between the different countries . 
  and it 's only going to be practiced more as population increases . 
  `` the calamitous decline '', 
   it would have been smarter to learn the basics of a language that is still midly relevant on the international scale  polish sure buddy . 
  everyone knows about the famous polish empire , its former colonies and its language spread accross the whole planet . 
  i would say that french qualifies as more than `` mildly relevant '' internationally ... just because it 's not useful to you personally does n't mean it 's completely useless . 
  use perspective ffs, 
  honestly , fuck the author 's alarmist bullshit . 
  i know i sound salty , i do n't deny that french has lost the standing it once had ( and that 's ok ) ... but this idiot makes it seem like french is all but useless and that it will be exctinct in 2 generations . 
  and in his introduction he mentions german as being more widespread ... it 's fucking retarded, 
  the nicest drivers i 've seen were in rural new england . 
  most people were pretty cool , driving under the speed limit and not laying on the horn . 
  one time i wanted to jaywalk in a small town so i waited on the sidewalk till the road was clear , and i had 2 cars coming from both directions stop for me even though i was n't anywhere near a crosswalk or showing intention to walk in front of them . 
  pretty memorable for me . 
   it takes me weeks to stop feeling silly while waiting at a traffic light , on an empty road . 
  i just ca n't do it ... 
  i refuse to stand in front of an empty road !, 
  i will possibly reconsider if i have kids one day , but until then the little red man on the traffic light is not the boss of me . 
  [ ah , what could have been ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rzkctds.png?1 ), 
  it 's what neighbors do !, 
  we 'd probably have tried the same with the us colonies if it had been possible . 
  the french were there before . 
  brits had to steal the neighbor 's shiny new toy . 
  * they * ruined it . 
  you must be very pretty, 
  i was just thinking that he had a strange vision of overtaking ... fast drivers , never change lanes : slow cars will move out of the way for you !, 
  hey , this is already a lot coming from me . 
  i 'm making a friendly face , see ? 
  i guess they 're quite alright . 
   if it 's someone despised by the electorate sarkozy could be that guy . 
  however he managed to piss off even his own party and voter base , so it would be crazy enough to see him win the primary . 
  even if he ended up against le pen in the second round , i 'd still probably vote for him . 
  he 's an asshole and i hate him , but she 's a bigger asshole and i find her ideas dangerous . 
   marine is n't her hateful father , she 's less toxic the trick is that she * is * hateful and toxic , she just knows to keep her mouth shut more often . 
  not necessarily awful , more like `` ca n't work here because we 're too different '', 
  sarkozy is an asshole , but he 's no trump and has been president before , so still better . 
  anything else ? 
  this cover has nothing to do with the candidates and would still be relevant if clinton had won . 
  you 're the one reading too much into it . 
  what are you on about ? 
  just making an innocent trump joke . 
  the mistake is to call an election before it happens . 
  le pen is strong now , but not landslide strong . 
  our election is going to be 3-way ( ps/lr/fn ) , unlike uk and us where there were only two options . 
  le pen 's strength can take her to the second round , maybe even with the biggest score out of the first round candidates . 
  what happens in the second round is yet to be seen . 
  a lr/fn duel is looking very likely right now , and voters from those parties would stick with them through both rounds , but you are absolutely not in a position to affirm that left wingers will flock to fn if their candidate does n't advance . 
  especially if lr fields a decently consensual candidate like jupp\u00e9 . 
  that 's assuming a lot of things . 
  for example , that a president clinton would have been crazy/foolish enough to actually down a russian plane . 
  the way you describe it , it sounds more like she wanted to send a strongly worded letter that she knew would be ignored , so she could blame russia for it like `` they do n't respect the no fly zone , they 're no good for peace '' how people seriously thought a seasoned politician like clinton would just order to shoot at a russian plane is beyond me . 
  there are many things wrong with her , but she 's not this fucking retarded or mentally unstable . 
  expand on that maybe ? 
  what is the connection ?
