  ashtrays still in elevators ? 
  yugoslavia was absolutely nothing like you just described . 
  that is all fine - but yugoslavia during civil war was pure nationalism . 
  nothing similar to tribes or family ties . 
  bosnia had a flavor of religion but that was more used as defense and rally mechanism . 
  and cultural . . beneath it all - all the people in yugoslavia were very similar in nature and direction . 
  some other time , some other place ,, 
  saved in the moment , forever . 
  you mean s'tnik . . 
  try divinity original sin !, 
  i am back to good old bg days !!, 
  spending night after night playing without any pause and looking forward to a next corner next chest or barrel and the next fight !, 
  usually assist . 
  the pigs would not agree with you . 
  well guess what - here is a hint , use it after you create air superiority and you wild weasel the shit out of their radars and sam . 
  then use a-10 for what is meant to be - cas . 
  `` as you guys can probably tell from my pictures , i am an ectomorph . 
  my metabolism is extremely fast and i find it fairly difficult to gain weight '', 
  and you are in your early 20tees . 
  emo diaz ? 
  mkey ... 
  i believe # 91 - `` american bombers above japan '' is actual bombing of polesti in romania - 1943 . . 
  looking good ! 1, 
  so like strike commander basically ... 
  jagged alliance anyone ? 
  it took a lot of discipline to do that . 
  . . ladies and gentleman there - meet his roommate . 
  well actually - that makes them pretty terrible bosses . 
  `` insanity that rivals hitler 's . '', 
  - or genghis khan 's - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genghis_khan, 
  and look how nice wikipedia entry he has ... for 10-50 million slaughterer ( literally ) people not bad , not bad at all . 
  so how we know after cop fucked up he didnt hurt himself to cover this shit up ? 
  also camera was off during that `` fight '' . 
  very convenient . 
  `` edit : the kid , it turned out , was on top of the officer pummeling him with punches . '', 
  bullshit , you watch too much mma my dear . 
  omg those comments on youtube ... 
  remember this guy ? 
  5 years ago he said the same . 
  how about - the trail of the greece overspending , non existent tax enforcement and living above your means angle ? 
  same here, 
  because its mostly a lie . 
  this is why we had war in 1991 because of guys like crnaruka, 
  if someone says 300.000 and it was even 30.000 then its 90 % lie . 
  in my book that mostly +, 
  honest question : how they know they were air 2 ground rockets ? 
  also if they know that they saw the plane too right ? 
  could it be planted bombs ? 
  or mortar attack ? 
  oh man listen to this :, 
  i was living in qatar , doha - very close to one of the very important gov buildings . 
  they had huge power generators if the electricity goes off - they were in special buildings on the side . 
  ( like 4 on each side of the building ), 
  for weeks there was alarm running in one of them , during night it was especially terrible and finally i get sick of it ( as i said after few weeks ) and i went to the security and said - guys there seems to be a problem in one of your generator buildings - seems like alarm come please and check . 
  completely blank look - lost in time , zero interest ( guy understands english ), 
  security : sure sure we will check . 
  me : but please come now check it might be dangerous . 
  security : sure sure we will no problem . 
  3 days later - alarm is still working in that same building - security zero fucks given, 
  next day ( after those 3 ) i go inside that gov building and find a policeman . 
  me : hello sir , there is a fire alarm in your generator room i do n't know is something burning or not . 
  policeman : what generator room ? 
  me : come i will show you . 
  policeman : la la la habibi not now . 
  i will wait for captain la la. . 
  me ( taking it up a notch ) : but it might be burning it is a fire alarm !!!, 
  policeman : la la its ok - will check in the morning . 
  next morning, 
  i wake up early to catch the famous captain and policeman, 
  me ( to group of policeman ) : good morning your alarm in generator room is till on . 
  group of policeman ( plus that guy from yday ! ), 
  - complete lack of interest to talk to me . 
  me : guys is captain here ? 
  one guys shows me a captain - finally i talk to him and finally they go and do something . 
  it was lack of cooling fluid in the power generator - that 's why it was not the fire alarm but the alarm from the power generator itself ( that is big as a house ) - if they had to turn it on without that fluid . . ay ay ay . . 
  well for me it was simple , when i was young and did not have money i pirated every game i wanted to play . 
  today i have over 250 games on steam . . paid fair and square . 
  how many of those i am actually playing now that i have to work and make money ? 
  you can guess . . 
  how is that a stupid rule ? 
  how dealer knows that some garage did a good job of maintaining your car ? 
  no its not a stupid rule and i do n't believe you at all that a non certified workshop would not void a warranty . 
  logic is simple : if i sell u a car and i am responsible ( warranty ) for my product then whomever touched my product need to be certified by me that he knows what he is doing . 
  if not - how i can know that for example a semi-dummy-autistic-mechanic did not do something wrong that will lead to failure of perfectly good part that now i have to pay as vendor to fix it ? 
   , i have owned two cars in the us , an accord and a passat , i have done the services outside the dealership and my warranty was n't voided when, 
  in a nutshell - service must be done by as service that honda recognizes as a valid service shop - if not there goes the warranty . 
  also :, 
  the limited warranty excludes coverage for the following circumstances :, 
  - repairs completed by a non-honda facility without requesting prior approval from american honda, 
  well . . when u claim a small `` buffer '' get ready for someone to claim it back and a peace of your land as his `` buffer '', 
  quoting the link :, 
  `` maintenance schedules vary by vehicle make , model and year ; the best source of information about routine scheduled maintenance is your owner 's manual . '', 
  so we go back to : http://automobiles.honda.com/images/certified-used/downloads/hcuc-warranty-booklet.pdf, 
  `` the limited warranty excludes coverage for the following circumstances : - repairs completed by a non-honda facility without requesting prior approval from american honda '', 
  so how we know this was not recorded after the fact ? 
  so . . whats stopping me recording this after the fact and release it like it happened as claimed ? 
  how we will know the difference ? 
  so how do we know it was russia ? 
  aftermath pictures as terrible as they are do n't prove it was russia and some pictures of su-34 in air also do not prove anything , they can be taken anywhere and said it was over the market . 
  also why would u bomb a market ?
