  you have to know what kind of language they will understand . 
  the biggest mistake that europe is making is thinking that same values and ideas communicated have the same effect . 
  if you want someone to integrate with their background , you dont say `` please '' , because in their language that means `` please fuck me in the ass '' , you say `` listen here '' , threaten , physically abuse and punish -  that means `` please '' in the way they can understand . 
  i know that is very hard to accept , and it was for me , but that is the reality . 
  sad to see there is anything to leak . 
  oh and that ost man ... 
  best music eva, 
  ahhh . . yes . . this was actually a commerzial for then new nescaffe company . 
  if you look closely the uniform is holding a cup . 
  i saw it in my grandpa old newspapers archive !, 
  it came with a title over the picture :, 
  what u know about dubai ? 
  where u from ? 
  where u live now ? 
  whats not spending much for you ? 
  what u want to do ? 
  u need minimum pay of 25000 . 
  and that will put you at the lower bar of any western expat work-life expectations . 
  if you do not know or comprehend what means to work and live for 8500 in dubai , stay miles away . 
  btw if you come , please do keep us informed on your living conditions . 
  i had multiple guys coming for same or little bit more and asked them to share their experience , they never ever show up online with any info . 
  . . annndd this is how corporations rule the world and not countries . 
  every corporation needs work towards human progress , equality and prosperity . 
  let me talk to you in very corporate simple terms . 
  `` the commission said the deal allowed apple to pay a maximum tax rate of just 1 % . 
  in 2014 , the tech firm paid tax at just 0.005 % . 
  the usual rate of corporation tax in ireland is 12.5 % . '', 
  so pay up my margin . 
  i would pay monthly for fucking no ads and full profanities channel . 
  take my money !, 
  i am not sure what part of paying the subscription you missed ? 
  and how you think netflix is paying those 7000 shows and 1500 movies ? 
  and making original ones ? 
  model is there - so use it . 
  and do n't forget with h1b visas employee cant work for any other company then the one h1b visa is for . 
  so they got you by your balls and you have to dance as they play - otherwise back to where the fuck you just came from . 
  liar . 
  south koreans dont know any english !, 
  source :, 
  on vacation in seoul right now . 
  great foo thou !, 
  i guess 10-20 % were destroyed/captured by fsa + allies/is/ypg + allies . 
  its current event, 
  why u.s. airframes ? 
  are you saying us is supporting terrorists ? 
  you mean like bombing soldiers and then claiming it was an error of direct threat ? 
  sure tom sweetie , but you did give all of your data to notapplecompany lcc and they give it all to the government . 
  hands clean, 
  so whats your point here ? 
  yeah ... fire back and kill someones husband . 
  that is the state of the current it - you can guess where . 
  those are probably bunch of guys actually working on some project and basically do n't know even basics - so actually asking for help . 
  standard stuff . 
  well does not work for me . 
  when i am submerged my air is going down . . : - /, 
  yup - breathing epp , also tried the upgraded one , radiation epp , i dont have any argument attached to them but i dont think that should be a problem . 
  here is the screenshot : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781012321, 
  i mean , it all looks good and i should be able to breathe underwater , but when i am diving , air bar is going down, 
   our vanity back, 
  shplush ! ), 
  thanks , 
  you do understand who gets to general ai there first kills all the other instantly ? 
   human kind as w, 
  yeah probably : - /, 
  there :, 
  if you are lazy :, 
  and if you are super lazy :, 
  i would recommend all three thou . 
   but that 's decades or centuries into the future if it happens at all . 
  and that is exactly why we are already quite late in our survival plan ... 
  so . . you think that ants are making best-of-breed world top level building technology and it can not be better ? 
  `` i do n't understand how anyone could be happy with the prospect of dying soon . '', 
  because they _ really _ believe they are going straight to heaven ? 
  `` it 's very easy to fake being happy if you are n't really going to have to suicide . '', 
  it is easy to be really happy if you think ( in your mind know ) you are going to heaven . 
  what you miss to understand is those guys are believe in all of it . 
  what you miss to understand in general yes it is real . 
  they do believe in life after and they will gladly die for it . 
  basically - they want to get fucked but not penetrated . 
  ... so you have all those skillz , but you do n't know how to use google ? 
  `` it 's possible to turn an existing regime into a puppet state if the circumstances are right . '', 
  oh you mean like every . 
  single . 
  country . 
  that was `` liberated '' by us in the me so far ? 
  `` serbian & croatian nationalist who attacked bosnia '', 
  how do you mean croatian nationalist attacking bosnia ? 
  can you please elaborate on that ? 
  especially please give details about croatians attacking sarajevo . 
  thanks . 
  oh i am sorry if i was not cynical enough . 
  was there - lived thru that . 
  that 's why i asked specific questions , and i expect specific answers . 
  there is nothing complicated about expected answers on my questions . 
  . . and you . 
  . . or you should just read more . 
  jesus kevin just take my money !, 
  i am confused ( probably coz i am just an original backer , not involved much ) - so when is game ( full ) released ? 
  fake news took usa to war in 2001 with iraq , then it was all done by classic media and the government - now you reap what you sow . 
  so do not act so surprised .
