to sexy for da barrel roll . 
  my new desktop !, 
  great work . 
  amateurs , 
  this is 1994 in croatia - [ hit of the all hits ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxbdnefqkso ), 
  [ and the same year but the other song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwnmqpwwz_a ), 
  it is simple :, 
  1st attack yes, 
  2nd attack never happened, 
  mcnamara will confirm, 
  good morning . . 
  well just tell me what to do , 
  i am using hrt music streamer ii high resolution usb d/a converter + akg k702 . 
  and i did n't start to notice that terrible loudness war + distortion till recently ( akg burn in ? ) . 
  btw flacs sound more then perfect . 
  but also to be honest most of my flac collection are my ripped cds ( mostly music form 90 's - rock/pop ), 
  to be honest - most of my music is ripped from my own cds / itunes , also do n't make me paste my steam list of games  ) - more then 60 titles and some are not even played more then 20 minutes unfortunately ... 
  i am all for paying what you play/use/listen ( as developer i can relate  ), 
  that 250gb was more as the reference to poor 128/192/320 rips that are floating on the net and were perfectly acceptable till i got my streamer ii + bellari ha 540 + k702 combo ... ( and of course not that i do n't have some , lets be real here ), 
  uh oh i am so sorry i forgot to mention i have the amp - bellari ha540 pure class a stereo headphone amplifier, 
  yup i have it all  for me great music for work !, 
  after a long search on the net and comparing performance/price and how they all get together i choose streamer ii + bellari ha 540 + k702 combo , 
  got name of the lady ? 
  just like wow rare hunter pet !, 
  damn . 
  all in french . 
  i have shelved a skyrim for some time now - is there some good overhaul mod out ? 
  i am looking something like ooo ( oscuros oblivion overhaul ) mod that was for oblivion, 
  gold , 
  i just found a new game !, 
  use the mouse scroll wheel up or down and try to hit the exact speed of moving the page up or down to get a movie !, 
  so it was all about the money . 
  business as usual . 
  you would be surprised . . this is mainstream india, 
  scenario is very simple - japan goes to war together with us against china -  iphones are no more are exported to us -  us populous up rise against us government -  us allies with china and levels japan :d, 
  you 're welcome . 
  dont get me wrong but your gf looks like she is your sister, 
  there you go . . read a page or two . . find a friend . 
  please come back . . so i can kill you . 
  do you feel like a legal solider ? 
  like a legal war target ? 
  no matter if you are deployed in combat zone or or out of it ( also when going back home after a days `` work '' ( war ) to your family ) ? 
  . . so what about the short-term one now ? 
  why stopped the workout for gods sake ? 
  hm . . but are n't you ( us ) attacking whole countries and killing thousands just because you think that they are endangering you ? 
  are n't you reading every single name and shaking heads over few thousand us solider dead while there are more then several hundred thousands dead afganistan/iraqi/pakistani civilians that your army has killed ( collateral damage ) and you are not even thinking about ? 
  that sounds awfully same as germans did think about the rest ... 
  so it seams you are like them . 
  well first of all do n't start on monday , start today . 
  eating is very easy , eat what you have so far just remove carbs and add more green . 
  let me give you some examples of what i eat :, 
  - bacon , eggs , yogurt, 
  - big mac ( remove buns ) or chicken nuggets + big mac chicken salad ( no dressing ) - any fast food restaurant you can make similar combinations, 
  - various ( mostly thai/chinese ) thick soups ( chicken/shrimps/green / combo ), 
  - ham/cheese/olives / salad combinations, 
  - stir fry vegetables in xyz combinations with shimps + olive oil, 
  - fish ( make it as you like ) + veggies ( make it as you like ), 
  here are some recipes from the net ( i usually read them just for a guidance . . ), 
  now if you are on ckd then i presume you will also workout . . that 's great  regarding watching when you will eat some carbs then do not try to get any special rhythm ( if you ask me ) , every week or 2 weeks you will be in the situation you must eat carbs ( because eater there is nothing else to eat or that damn pizza in the party will be smelling so damn good ! ), 
  ah yes . 
  . and at the end . . just relax  do n't count too much  this is a choice you make for a whole life not just couple of months . 
  sell 2 millions $ worth of software , ignoring some of the procedures - you are doomed , loose 2 millions deal by following all of the procedures - all is good . 
  ibm software sales, 
  i do n't see you posting your diet, 
  i have a sneaky suspicion you do n't eat enough veggies and not mixing up the fat food enough . 
  they definitely mastered the art of propaganda and most of the political parties around the world embraced its teachings gladly, 
  yup i was noticed that too . . well lets wait for ufc 158 tnight and see , 
  now just imagine you are in the 14th century europe in a knee deep snow rushing home thru the forest when you hear this howling . . 
  great stuff , 
  bishop on the bridge !, 
  well i would not agree that has anything to do with the lack of education . 
  my colleague from work who is from egypt and he is highly educated and smart guy was telling me the same treatment his daughter would receive form him if she would defy islam . 
  it all started somehow with the discussion for rights of woman in middle east etc.etc . . to summarize - he can do the list of things woman would be killed for , and he is the first who would kill his wife/daughters if they would not follow the teachings of _ islam _ . 
  so no , does not matter how educated or not you are , and yeah it does have direct influence of islam . 
  the point is that you can interpreter any book as you like . 
  so if this kind of violent interpretation is accepted by a modern , intelligent and progressive muslim , how is with other more closed minded followers ? 
  muslims in america ? 
  i am giving you a view to a muslim in a heart of muslim world , where they can be what they wan na be . 
  muslim in america does not have state and islam laws behind his actions . 
  muslims in arab world have . 
  that is why they can be free to do what islam is teaching them to be . 
  hahah had very similar experience long long time ago , 
  i was some 20-22 yo and i was seeing this `` older '' lady :-) she was some 35 ( oh god my wife wold kill me now for that `` older '' part  ) and she broke up with me also in a coffee shop , 
  and he conversation went something like this :, 
  she ( s ) : i think we should brake up . 
  s : i think you will understand i am quite older then you . . 
  m : yes i understand you are much older then me . 
  s : i am ? 
  m : well yeah of course you are , this would never work . 
  also i am still a guy that needs to explore the world !, 
  s : you son of a * peeep *, 
  and she left , 
  women !, 
  wow me too , 
  if only most of school teachers would be like feynman was ... 
  well actually - now thugs will update their process, 
  1 ) shoot first to kill, 
  2 ) then ask for keys, 
  simple . 
  so . . white shirt guy is the bully and red shirt guys is the avenger ?
