  and they are still doing it ( by cnn ) :, 
  `` no , cnn , us marines do not train on norwegian-russian border '', 
  a20s are so badass !, 
  did your sister do anything to the cat ? 
  like hurt her ? 
  maybe when you were not watching ? 
  and before you say no ... are you sure ? 
  so . . not even a few days of causalities in ww1 terms ? 
  ( just to give you some perspective ), 
  `` july 1 , 1916 -- the morning of the battle of the somme -- british soldiers had 60,000 casualties , over 20,000 were dead . 
  it was the worst toll within a day in the whole military history . '', 
  point was to put things in perspective . 
  if we talk about something all the time ( isis ) , does not mean its actually important or large on a scale . 
  that is why i mentioned few days . . not in one day . 
  `` fact that a statement is a lie does n't matter . '', 
  agree, 
  its called - reap what you saw, 
  so whats the difference between tweeting activist and/or ( male ) civilians that are leaving aleppo and these guys ? 
  they look absolutely same to me . 
  this looks great !, 
  just finishing coursera machine learning from su and after that will dive into you r lessons !, 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  that is usually a sign of very bad ( unhealthy ) internal corporate culture . 
  tons of back-stabbing , managers clinging for their positions , shooting down new rising stars with new ideas ( just to keep their positions ) , looking to make just short term gains , and tick the boxes by internal performance measurements ( very often does not have anything to do with the reality ) . 
  happens to every big tech firm sooner or later , happening now to the apple . 
  i made a mistake once 5 years ago going with plebs to the pleb cinema . 
  never again . 
  vip is the only way if you want to watch a movie in peace . . 
  i live close to dubai mall so i go there always . 
  so far it was a really good experience . 
  it was too bad that there was so much smoke ... it has basically ruined 3/4rds of the fireworks ... 
  the round flies straight of course ( with a drop :-) ) what you see is a mix of smoke and mounted camera shaking while plane is firing - thus making tracers look wobbly on the film, 
  look great , hope delivery and meat quality will be the same , 
  just forwarded the web site to all of my coleagues at work . 
  hope u have a successful 2017 !, 
  well the thing is that depending on film quality ( type ) and lenses used you would get different artifacts in the movie , esp from different sides in the conflict . . 
  this sounds just like bethesda team talking how they loved fallout 1 and 2 , were playing the game till early mornings and how they are taking this experience to a new level in fallout 3 ( or now 4 ) . . of course we all know how that ended ... : - /, 
  so if nothing is possible and there cant be no concussions then lets talk about cars and football and not dnc email leaks and election nudging . 
  | how so ? 
  did the dnc hack into the bernie campaign and lea compromising information on him ? 
  yes they did . 
  next question ? 
  sure buddy . 
  here is me evidence : trust me i have strong indices they did . 
  oh and i do n't like your question so i will make sure you are on the list of ministry of truth . 
  there you go buddy, 
  that is not mig and its ( orao or galeb ) not shot down . 
  that tank was put out there for such a nice display . 
  bravo . 
  can someone explain to me what is this actually made for you thing ? 
  i have read the article and i have zero idea what they are talking about, 
  actually it depends on you previous contract . 
  even if it is not in your contract - you should never agree to disclose your previous salary . 
  two reasons :, 
  a ) it just works in favor of your possible future company hr, 
  b ) you can always say it was in a contract between you and your ex employer that you do not disclose your salary - and you are man of word and integrity ( and it would be illegal ) so you can not disclose . 
  `` factors like being in a combat zone , having limited information , having maybe not even seconds to make a decision , feeling under threat are all things that can mitigate responsibility . '', 
  and none of those were reason for this f-15 to shoot . 
  those helicopters were not a threat to them even if they were iraqi . 
  they were trigger happy jarhead pilots , itching to shoot something down in their career . 
  that gun-ho attitude cost all those poor people lives . 
  `` also jarhead is slang for a marine and the marines do n't fly f-15 's . '', 
  we all know that , was making a hyperbole . 
  might be you are not trained on that . 
  i know a company making a big conference in the us and trying to get as much customers from gcc and the region to come . 
  none applied - total bust . 
  it was a horrible experience going there and going out of there . 
  how that venue got the needed approvals to work is beyond me . 
  this was the first and the last time i was going there . 
  what ? 
  video is from 1994 ? 
  wrong . 
  people have to ask themselves how would they feel if alq seal team would jump out of the helicopter in the manhattan and killed 25 people , a pregnant woman and 13 of those kids . 
  one alq seal died and then watch on tv how they praise him and his widow . 
  plus they promise more to come coz it was the best action ever . 
  and you cant fight back coz u have no weapons to get them back . 
  how this makes you feel ? 
  oh well - those alq seal guys do not agree with you . 
  so you can expect more alq drones flying over and dropping bombs . 
  probably you can expect some 439 % more . 
   croations attempted to strong arm the soldiers with artillery barrages and ended up getting their asses kicked, 
  sources please ? 
  and no `` tested mettle '' crap is not a source . 
  croatians blitzkrieged serbs so fast they had to be stopped not to go deeper into the enemy territory . 
  also there is another option . 
  she knows all the shit he did with the russians ( that we have yet to find out ) . 
  and she knows he wont be long . 
  and he knows she knows that , 
  er . . thats nice . . and what you going to do with them ? 
  just check the rewards and how much points you need for anything  emirates has the worst points rewards in the region . . ( and more ), 
  sure and spend gazzilion points for jetblue or tap . 
  and how wonderful that you can buy stuff in the `` duty free '' on the airport where prices are 75 % higher then usual . 
  lol, 
  by documenting your failures that we put there coz it serves our purpose to fire you . 
  hr is always on company side . 
  that is their job . 
  never look for hr to help you as an employee . 
  his accounts comes under business as usual . 
  i do not see anything there that would not fit 95 % of management style and execution . 
  and how you are going to prove that ?
