  no , you can not . 
  yes i did . 
  frame by frame . 
  there are no body ( es ) at all , just debris . 
  go for defense grid : awakening . . tower defense game . . you will love it . 
  well . . he can always claim he did it as preemptive strike right ? 
  that would get him off the hook . 
  now what i do n't understand is the following :, 
  if those are confirmed combatants that means they are people who pew pew on enemy ( in this case us forces ), 
  now . . a-10 is slow and low and loud , shoot you from close range plane - and those combatants do n't even flinch . 
  how so ? 
  butt noooo . . you can see the bodies flying !!!!, 
  `` local home pixel counter '' ( tm ), 
  but to have a such a dead on strafe on a such a small target from that far away ? 
  . . aaaannd i really do n't know why all the down votes , 
  if you look closely ( zoom in on the photo ) , you will see there is actually like a pillow made of straws . 
  so i presume he was mortally wounded . . he somehow landed , crawled out , germans came , made a pillow of straws . . and he slowly died like that . . 
  . . and he still turned like a truck ( tm ), 
  you mean - `` licked '', 
  using mig-29 with unguided missiles ? 
  man , any mig-15 could do that . . what a waste of mig-29 resources with such basic weaponry . 
  i canceled my order of devkit2 and i feel fine . 
  hello mr. yakamoto and welcome back to the gap !, 
  great game !, 
  really one of my favs . 
  `` oh the irony . 
  no its not . 
  if i use an iron tho iron my clothes i will not use it in the shower . 
  same with facebook - if i use it for communication is fine - and i share what i want to share its fine , i do n't want to give them all the myriad of information that will come with oculus data that will be saved on fb servers to profile me on the whole new level . 
  open your mind dude . 
  ratatouille is just checking all is ready and done for your eating pleasure . 
  it definitely has a character , 
  thanks  was looking for a big contrast between boat and the greens . 
  when i was doing college i was driving golf i  15 years old , 
  all in good time . . 
  how is only 3 dead in ambush and 9 hour fight = bad training and equipment ? 
  all this is too familiar ... 
  and that is exactly why reality is freakier then imagination . 
  i find completely plausible that a damn accident shot hit the poor man in the head then a poor marksman hitting a 200 meters moving small ( head ) target . 
  i watched that one long time ago - very fascinating and somehow sad documentary, 
  actually this was really funny , 
  as you said - your comment is relative to the conflict being discussed - that means that for example employees of general atomics - company who is making predator drone - are in fact non-innocent civilians -  hence legal targets ? 
  yes you are . 
  in this particular discussion ( as you mentioned ) you have raised a question about `` innocent civilians '' getting dropped bombs on top of their heads . 
  you are arguing that they might not be that much `` innocent '' as they are presented thru the media . 
  in that way you are implicating they are not innocent = deserved a smack on the head . 
  very subtle indeed . 
  gorgeous . 
  . . making the `` killer app '' that helps kickstart a new ** advertizing ** medium for the 21st century . 
   who cares if there 's ads or not ? 
  i care and i voiced my vote by canceling my order of facebook vr, 
  simple . 
  was never subscribed anyway . 
  this is why we need an alien attack , for humanity to understand we are all one . 
  lets worry about understanding that aliens and we are one later ;-), 
  how can they fly so low when they know the danger ? 
  and of course those 30bn us $ qatar was planing to loan from foreign banks and finance foreign companies building infrastructure does not count as money i suppose ... 
  what a load of crap . 
   croatia and mexico , both games would have gone the same way in terms of results if refrees were perfect . 
  brazil would be without the neymar ( red card ) and no penalty + croatian second goal, 
  so , no - it would not finish as a win for brazil . 
  yup its from the game . 
  good catch, 
  well here is one un-staged, 
  `` the only difference i see is that the us pilot is n't in direct physical harm . '', 
  well yeah . 
  . he is not flying per-se , but he is a legal war target - even when sipping a beer on a sunday afternoon doing bbq with his family . 
  i really hope they are aware of that . 
  `` unless he is operating the drone at the time i do n't see how he would be . 
  unless every armed service person becomes a `` legal war target '' even when they are not serving for the rest of their life . '', 
  no its not the same as conventional warfare where you have to kill or be killed . 
  at that moment you are - well - `` cheating '' - you are attacking live targets while you are not - well - `` live '' target back . 
  that means that you as a drone pilot are attacking in for you most appropriate moment - when you are not in danger - thus giving your enemy the `` right '' to attack you in the same manner . 
  you can also explode the bomb half a world away . 
  so whats the difference ? 
  dont put a gun on f-4 they said . . 
  you dont need a gun in a modern world they said ... 
  shoot all those old shitty migs beyond visual range they said ... 
  fun fact :, 
  gun was relevant in ww1, 
  gun was relevant in ww2, 
  gun was relevant in korea, 
  gun was relevant in all arab-israeli wars, 
  gun was relevant in vietnam, 
  gun was relevant in falkands, 
  gun was relevant in first desert war, 
  gun was relevant in ex-yu wars, 
  gun was relevant in second desert war, 
  please be my guest and continue the list ... 
  `` i 'm saying dog fighting is obsolete '', 
  and i am saying you cant be further away from the truth . 
  i am putting a gun on my fighters . 
  or scare of ridicule ... 
  seems as deserted site and tank . 
  what a terrible cameraman ... 
  attra . . what ? 
  why would you do that in the middle of the day and start shooting from far away to military base ? 
  and loose men like that for no apparent reason ? 
  thats my point . 
  you are not doing this in the middle of the day .
