  `` almost all of the gender differences you attribute to biology are purely cultural in origin '', 
  sure , lets give a woman 2000 mg testosterone per week and lets see whats going to happen, 
  so you are the bully . 
  got it . 
  we are still waiting for the list, 
   nerously ) 25/75 , something 's probably broken . 
  so i think its time to talk about the men in hr positions ( where are they ? ), 
  and pre-school male teachers ( where are they too ?? ), 
  can you please tell us how to have more men in those positions ? 
  76 % of hr managers are women . 
  can you please explain it to us ? 
  also , when are we going to see more men in hr and what you plan to do about it ? 
  76 % of hr managers are women . 
  can you please explain it to us ? 
  also , when are we going to see more men in hr and what you plan to do about it ? 
  got it . 
  a is important and ( equal ) b problem is not . 
  cherry-picking at it finest . 
  `` google respects diverse opinions '', 
  `` i disagree '', 
  `` you 're fired . '', 
  you miss the point completely . 
  he was referring to biological traits . 
  black people are not biologically more inclined to criminality than any other race . 
  on average , for now , they have a misfortune of less quality opportunities in life then for example a white person . 
  i am not sure what you are trying to say here ? 
  can you please reference the part of the text that he was wrong ? 
  so you are saying black people are biological more inclined to criminality ? 
  you did not grow up in a totalitarian regime right ? 
   it 's the buttery males defense . 
  so you are in favor of different gender properties . 
  there you go . 
  no context and no substance . 
  here is some advice : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xboeo_frzvg, 
  of course we are . 
  your echo chamber is to strong to let anything else in . 
  `` 10 page rant hatefully asserting that female employees were biologically inferior to men '', 
  reference please ? 
  yes i did , multiple times , so i must been having some kind of half memo , because i ca n't find the references to what you are claiming . 
  would you be so kind and copy paste here the part where he says that women are inferior to men ? 
  thanks . 
  `` research shows women demonstrate high interest in math and science until they hit middle school where something happens that dappens their interest '', 
  errr ... puberty ? 
  with all the internal biological changes ? 
  no it is not . 
  his entire manifesto is about why he thinks women have different interests then men . 
  and it happens to colerate with women on average looking for non-technical jobs . 
  then he says that because of that pursuing 50/50 in those technical jobs is not real and counterproductive . 
  that is it !, 
  and on end note , his final thoughts :, 
  `` i hope it 's clear that i 'm not saying that diversity is bad , that google or society is 100 % fair , that we should n't try to correct for existing biases , or that minorities have the same experience of those in the majority . 
  my larger point is that we have an intolerance for ideas and evidence that do n't fit a certain ideology . 
  i 'm also not saying that we should restrict people to certain gender roles ; i 'm advocating for quite the opposite : ** treat people as individuals ** , not as just another member of their group ( tribalism ) . '', 
  * so , i will ask you again . 
  where does he at any time says women are inferior to men ? 
  of course they are . 
  why you think i would exclude those . 
  it is mix of all of them and i presume you could have some idea how those social constructs and influences came to be ? 
  `` no i do not . '', 
  then lets talk about it . 
  `` i was n't there and there 's no reliable research that shows these social realities are naturally occurring '', 
  there is nothing natural in any social constructs , they are all imaginable and enforced thru the relationships/interactions . 
  trigger for building those in this case was of course the biology . 
  for 98 % of time of human existence , girls in today middle school were already having babies - hence different roles than men did - hence down the line of time welcome to today 's social constructs . 
  `` so besides your seeming determination to suggest women are `` naturally '' less capable in math and science '', 
  now you are being rude and you are insulting me . 
  please quote me on that and if you ca n't , apologize . 
  while you raise very good point on the 20 % women at eng at google ( perfectly in line with the universities average for the role ) , how did you come to the following ?? 
  * `` implicitly , he 's arguing that there 's such a gap between male and female biology that there are at least 4 times as many qualified men as women , and probably more like 10 times as many ( in his mind ) . 
  '' * , what , why would you say that ? 
  * `` if that 's not saying that women are worse at engineering than men , then i do n't know what would qualify . 
  '' * - no it is not because you just made that up . 
  i wonder about your motives here . 
  why would you lie to make a point ? 
  context of racial grounds ? 
  he just mentioned that is it counterproductive to categorize people by their race . 
  you seem not to agree ? 
  you want to categorize people according to race ? 
  maybe you would put a small patch on their sleeves ? 
  `` what an insult to people who actually suffered under communism . '', 
  i was suffering under communism and i think add is fuuu hilarious !, 
  well you can have a disclaimer that you are liberal and want puppies for all however from your writings we can see you are nothing but single minded fascist bully . 
  and everyone on the sub can see it . 
  there you go - using same argument as you have . 
  sorry have to finish mu oculus demo with the r integration this weekend . 
  dont have time for elaborations . 
  just few links for you :, 
  as a woman in tech , i realized : these are not my people . 
  why brilliant girls tend to favor non-stem careers, 
  you offered zero arguments against memo, 
   that has nothing to do with their ability to be engineer, 
  yes we know that . 
  memo says exactly that . 
  its good to see that you finally read it properly and agreed with its findings . 
  here and you read this :, 
  - his point is that on average , women would choose a career in the engineering less likely than men because of thoroughly researched and documented in various scientific papers biological reasons . 
  regarding as a woman , being less fulfilled with engineering here is a view of a woman - `` as a woman in tech , i realized : these are not my people '' - https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-08-09/as-a-woman-in-tech-i-realized-these-are-not-my-people?utm_content=bufferaaf92, 
  now let 's talk about men being vastly unrepresented in public admin sciences , health sciences , education , social sciences , arts and humanities , biological sciences , and also there are 57 % women in universities today vs 43 % of men . 
  what are we going to do about it ? 
  eh - now imagine they have 15-20 douglas a1 skyradiers ... tenth the cost , triple the efficiency ( in this case ),
