  you have to ask yourself who benefits from this ? 
  russia or opposition to russian bombing ? 
  actually this is pretty good idea . 
  . . so nobody thinks he maybe lost on purpose ? 
  interesting ... 
  well i do n't want to go into crazy conspiracy theories but how about money he or someone else can earn on him loosing ? 
  also maybe not him directly but he was blackmailed ? 
  what were the odds against him loosing ? 
  of course i talked to them , 
  i am talking to them last 4 months . 
  also ded is included and consumer protection department . 
  i have also pictures and shared with them but basically then are just dragging this for months . 
  i wont go in details now but i have used all formal and non formal ways if communication . 
  lcd was broken out of the box , reported on the same day , shared pics with souq.com and they still claim its my fault and do not want to return my money to me . 
  yes . 
  called them for 4 weeks ever other day until finally someone called me back and listen to my case . 
  then 3 months of back and forth . 
  then reported them to ded customer protection department - then someone from souq finally called me back that seamed like a person to talk to . 
  but in vain , after 5 more weeks of back and fort of emails they did nothing . 
  so yeah i did talk to their customer service . 
  souq claimed it their own channel and its their lcd television - no 3rd party . 
  do n't know if they told me the truth . 
  update :, 
  it seems its from http://www.dod-tec.ae/ thats the seller . 
  ~ ~ so souq guy were lying to me . ~ ~, 
  no i sue the one i am doing business with . 
  and that is souq.com not the 3rd party shop . 
  like - its your fault not ours . 
  well , working with ded on that , so lets see what they will say . 
  but if thats the case , definitely i will . 
  yes they did , now waiting for their reply . 
  i am really feeling screw over from souq.com on this so will go all the way, 
  well then  so it was true . 
  good to know thank you for the info . 
  uh oh . . it takes a lot of paperwork ( and money ) to get your pets in dubai . 
  i just brought cats . 
  also btw pets cant by law travel to uae as accompanied baggage - only as cargo . 
  so that complicates things a lot ... 
  i would recommend http://www.dkc.ae/ . 
  call them , they are really helpful . 
  there is no damage on the box . 
  and box do not need to be damaged for this kind of lcd damage, 
  lcd screen is not physically broken from outside but you can see the damage under the lcd glass . 
  here is the part of the pic : http://imgur.com/vh7tia9, 
  it is a huge tv - 65 inch lcd - and it comes in huge box , and that box is protected only on the corners - the rest of the box that is facing front and back side is completely unprotected - and it is a big unprotected surface . 
  that means if you apply the pressure on the screen side of the box you can damage the screen in no time - just apply the pressure and the screen would be broken . 
  if box is not properly managed during storage or during transportation you can very easily damage the screen and the box will be in perfect condition . 
  all you need to do is for example transport the screen horizontally and put some boxes on top of it . 
  and there goes your screen to peaces ... 
  so if he actually did it why he was not already gone ? 
  i mean that would be logical right ? 
  sure , great idea - like prices are not already like with vat of 85 %, 
  in general they dont use gas cisterns but normal trucks with barrels inside, 
  i have bought steam controler via amazon.com  and sent it from us via aramex . 
  review i find that is on the spot :, 
  i just subscribed for that !, 
  it seems its not netflix - its one-quarter flix :(, 
  will cancel the subscription , most of the series i want ot watch are not available . 
  oh well back to torrents . 
  time or vpn push ;-), 
  works with vpn great :d, 
  all the hits :, 
  amazon.com . 
  not shitting u. 
  1tb internal samsung ssd sata iii in dubai = 2199 aed ; same ssd , amazon order + aramex = 1000 aed . 
  do the math . 
  i would suggest you go with qlik http://www.qlik.com/ , esp if you need a solution that works out of the box across all mobile platforms and desktops ; comes also with the data associative engine like no other product out there https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg-drt3swdm . 
  there is a reason you already have ` paid ' 1,000 power bi licenses ( they were most probably thrown in for free in the latest ela renewal that your company signed with ms ) , its because ms uses power bi to push its sql server in any shape or form for any serious bi work, 
  stick to metro and u will be fine . 
  380 and 787 done multiple times, 
  perks of living in the middle east , 
  israelis never had f-14s , 
  maybe those were iran ones ... :d, 
  . . and here we are today . 
  strangely wise man at the time . 
  the future 's so bright , i got ta wear shades . 
  ok maybe stupid question , wth was taking so long to take out this factory ? 
  it must be there for 1 year + minimum . 
  no its not dead . 
  but good , fact driven journalism is . 
  its all about the context . 
  information is not a knowledge if not put into context . 
  and that that is a job of you - the user . 
  one day , one day . 
  god ... how on earth he was not given to try strukle ??!!, 
  ... aaaannddd you obviously did not read the article ... 
   also , countermeasures do n't stop 20mm, 
  well ,, 
  a ) you need to get one, 
  b ) then you need to aim and shoot and hit something, 
  trust me , not that easy, 
  now look at that efficiency in doha , qatar , 
  its just a shutter speed . 
  normal artifact that shows sometimes in pictures, 
  . . and also as weed is not addictive ( right ? ), 
  you wont have any issues not smoking for a few days before you go . 
  right ? 
  and no con-trails !, 
  who gives a shit ? 
  soon we will be out of everything then we gon na die .
