  you think i am talking about simple things like bullying , harassment or not ergonomic work environment ? 
  how naive you must be ? 
  i am talking about day to day business and business practices that are done in a subtle , hardly detectable ways - getting assigned to a hot problematic projects , being blamed by internal groups ( of managers ) for their failures ( on a long run ) , being given unreachable quotas , etc etc. 
  there are million ways to funnel blame to a low level employees to keep your management position . 
  and it is done on a regular basic . 
  even microsoft had to change their internal employee ranking because it was used for internal fights and blame shifting https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/microsoft-throws-employee-stack-ranking-out-window-steffen-maier, 
  thank you for your concern  i am already working for years in a great company , 
   is dangerous advice . 
  there are real , serious problems that hr can and will help with . 
  like ? 
  those are basic things that are super easy to deal with and are maybe 5 % of problems in today modern workplace . 
   t that you should `` never '' look to hr to help you . 
  no one claimed that it was capable of handling all situations . 
  its not about capability it is about internal policies ( company first ), 
  mentality . 
  people in the region love bling bling . 
  not to have to wait 8 months to get your money back on canceled or broken items, 
   why are insurance companies involved at all ? 
  i understand for some plus extra additional healthcare , but why are they involved in the national healthcare in the first place ? 
  oh i got that one in doha ... 
  he visited brother then his car broke down , he had to spent all his money to fix the car and then brother went back to saudi then he needs petrol to riyadh , 
  he could not answer me why he did not call his brother on a mobile phone :d, 
  and that is why trump will try to stall as long as possible, 
  i agree 100 % and if you want to see first hand what this data will be used for :, 
  `` the power of big data and psychographics '', 
  in a 10 minute presentation at the 2016 concordia summit , mr. alexander nix discusses the power of big data in global elections . 
  cambridge analytica 's revolutionary approach to audience targeting , data modeling , and psychographic profiling has made them a leader in behavioral microtargeting for election processes around the world . 
  you have completely misunderstand me . 
  i did not mention children in any context . 
  i am saying that their father thought ( because says so in islam ) he is doing them a huge favor . 
  so he was not doing anything despicable ( in his mind ) but the best thing he could to make sure they are in heaven . 
  impressive, 
  how do you mean you are from middle eastern country ? 
  uae ? 
  saudi ? 
  - all those nationals would have 5x more pay then you just mentioned . 
  well it seems truth is half way - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_east, 
  or you can simply just say from what country you are, 
  so how about some googling and reading then huh ? 
  in philippines when you land police will plant drugs in your luggage and ask money from you not to report you and put in jail . 
  so yeah . . 
  so no suppressing fire ? 
  well you should ask nsa about that, 
  waiting for the list . 
   do they fight ? 
  was this a glorified s, 
  you have to understand where those poor young men are coming from . 
  no education , malnourished , no training . 
  basically cannon fodder . 
  such a waste of young lives . 
  gns n roses were great . 
  traffic terrible - show great . 
  concentrated fire of those 20mm guns ... uf ... would make anyone 's day on the receiving end major , major sad !, 
  got my components from there . 
  actually went to the shop sit with the guys and they were professional and knowledgeable . 
  also they put my rig together . 
  all good , would recommend them . 
  why is this load of crap still not deleted ? 
  oh i see we are not in / history . 
  ah yes , not in dubai , but a country very close , gm was from lebanon , huge multinational super famous company , memo came that company needs to diversify with more women workforce - new 10 women that got the job were all from lebanon , and all from same college . 
  yup coz encryption is off now :d, 
  blocking ? 
  mock attack ? 
  what is this , 1916 ? 
  none of those maneuvers has nothing to do with any type of attack those planes would do . 
  its just a show and some formation flying . 
  they are just having fun and doing some sightseeing . 
  nothing new , happens in every similar ( war torn ) country . 
  well it did work ... 
  u had a vacation on this heat ? 
  man you must have left sweat and blood on your vacation :p, 
  yeah but thats a ) not a vacation b ) you did not see dubai , 
  come back in november or february/march, 
  russia was big front too ? 
  oh sweetie . . you are really bad with numbers are n't you ? 
  nope they would not . 
  thats the point . 
  they would steamroll it anyway . 
  dont get me wrong , thank god us was there , however they are just like a indiana jones in the lost ark , with or without him all germans die anyway, 
  oh u mean those 5 cobras , 3 p40s and none of the tanks ? 
  yeah i heard about those ... 
  yes its 8 pieces of equipment because you talk like eastern front was mighty big - some 100 peaces . 
  here is a nice start for you :, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_ ( world_war_ii ) # / media/file : world-war-ii-military-deaths-in-europe-by-theater-year . png, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_ ( world_war_ii ), 
  get your numbers straight then we can have a serious discussion . 
  and we would gladly read your essay how he did not win . 
  thought so , so basically you do n't have any mental capacity to make a proper argument . 
  that is absolutely not true . 
  if a fighter moves forward and gets punched all the time that is not how you win the fights . 
  here are the stats :, 
  you mean he is an incredible player and amazing shit talk smasher . 
  too bad he did not do few headstomps too on that peace of shit, 
  i am doing a wild speculation . . but after reading this . . 
  `` all we know is that they were out to do some tricks before he was preparing to head home , '' atchison county sheriff jack laurie said . 
  `` we do n't know of any communications ... no indications of any problems . '', 
  and seeing that bethany is a beautiful woman , very often pilots try to impress girls sitting with them in the cockpit . . too many did the same mistake before and hit the ground . . 
  no its not . 
  84 $ is a dinner + few drinks on one night , plus pack of condoms . 
  . . and real life .
