  what debate ? 
  it is evolutionary - you shoot first or you are dead . 
  so if i for example would be a thug ( for any reason ) with knowledge i have now i would basically come with my gun drawn out - and shoot first before he even turns his head or aim his gun . 
  no , you are talking about surviving a petty crime . 
  so from this example i as a thug have learn a simple lesson . 
  either i shoot first to kill or i will be killed . 
  also how do you mean approaches ? 
  you wan na say approaches with the gun and shoots first way ? . . 
  so how can you respond to that ? 
  i am talking about the same guy ( thug ) , doing the same thing in a same way , just this time squeezing the trigger in stead of just threatening with the gun and then getting killed . 
  your reply including society , war zone and pointed guns all around is incoherent babbling at this point , please stick to the theme of this thread . 
  why would i pay 40 $ for a 1993 research ? 
  that is because dancing in the square to make a point is not a front page material . 
  media needs more blood , dead people and destruction . 
  bullcrap , you pussies !, 
  the meaning of life is to vanquish your enemies and chase them before you , to rob them of their wealth and see those dear to them bathed in tears , to ride their horses and clasp to your bosom their wives and daughters !, 
  this video is pure ripoff of this video from 1998 . . 
  btw she was 16 then ... , 
  why japan why ? 
  too bad , 
  by far that would be raging bull by scorsese, 
  music , one scene , atmosphere , color ( or lack of ) . . 
  i wish i had an opportunity to see that in cinema . . 
  those kids leaned a valuable lesson . 
  here . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxhdduqnnjo, 
  in his humorous and uplifting style , gever tulley debunks classic myths of childhood safety . 
  with rampant fear mongering , is it any wonder that children are actually over-protected ? 
  instead , tulley believes the most effective way to keep children safe is to give them a little taste of danger . 
  well then good thing is that someone is trying to teach you . . yaknow . . how real world looks . 
  maybe also he can explain the magic of 7 alive hijackers ? 
  yeah he was a mastermind ... for sure . . must be . . tv told us so . 
  well testing can be requested by non-omnipotent entity , because omnipotent one does need any proof about anything from anyone . 
  so looking at the current state of affairs on the earth = there is no god . 
  ready player one anyone ? 
  big non-mentions :, 
  exactly , 
  that big rounded island ( continent ? ), 
  is actually atlantida it seems . 
  so it was on mars . 
  interesting . 
  hm ... i just had a thought . . what if gareth williams was snowden ? 
  but they managed to get him before he went public ... 
  agent smith : you are mine this time neo !!, 
  `` strong humanitarian response '', 
  ha ha ha ha, 
  i bet you even george carlin did n't see that one coming . . 
  `` it really started with diablo 3 . . '', 
  err ... what ? 
  `` i believe the outside observer would see the universe as an unmoving photograph . '', 
  so . . everything is predetermined ? 
  no free will ? 
  or better yet , everything can be determined to a particle level that universe somehow can exactly know the outcomes all the way till the end of it ? 
  the point i am actually going to here is then if everything is actually predetermined on particle level and their mutual interactions withing the nature laws ( on whatever level of the nature aka physics ) that means all is preset in big bang and there are not any multiverses . 
  should be, 
  now this is exactly the reason why you will find very hard to find companies spend a lot of money on it security - no matter how much money you spent you always can be hacked . 
  also usually people who make decision to spend money and resources and get hacked anyway - get fired . . 
  * tower , this is ghost rider requesting a flyby . 
  * negative , ghost rider , the pattern is full . 
  . . only 60 years ... only ... 
  can somebody explain what is the difference of killing wounded taliban ( as i understood he was wounded by 30 mm shell from apache ) when he is founded in the field by solider or when you see him wounded thru that apache camera and you hear from the pilot - `` hit him again !, 
  i think bullying is fantastic way of building a character and simple fact of life . 
  just fucking hit them back hard . 
  deal with it . 
  i work in middle east ,, 
  so - 1 email , 5 calls . 
  when i finished beneath a steel sky . . 
  i so desperately wanted more of that game ... 
  i do n't need 3 wishes . 
  one was enough . 
  this is why - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pumfxm9h54 i had amiga ... 
  probably what he meant is that with this videos you can change the _ perspective _ of the war in question . 
  war is not just fought on the front . 
  if you want bring allies on your side you show them war how you want them to see it . 
  of course, 
  henry rollins - airport hell, 
  well . 
  now we will see who has a bigger flag . 
  one of those rare days when a f-15 jockey says - `` man if i can be there in that cockpit now . . '', 
  drones !, 
  soon to be in every house , in every neighborhood , withing the grasp of every group !, 
  the laser designator and surgical weapon soon on your forehead too !, 
  order now !, 
  1-800-drone-for-me-too !, 
  ... several hours to watch it in the meh quality . . 
  upload 720p at least man , 
  you are missing the point here . 
  for all of that bad things to stop one thing is needed : education . 
  all those professors that went there touched people lives there and pushed the society and all that comes with it in the right direction . 
  . . and so it starts . 
  again . . you are mising the point . 
  its not the about teaching the pc or history there . . its about people . 
  damn  ) ), 
  well most probably it was pitch dark and he did n't see shit while other guys are wearing night goggles ... 
  thanks !, 
  great photo !, 
  love it , 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  wtf ? 
  i do n't see anybody inside . 
  obviously you can .
