his flair says `` german federalist '' , i think that says enough . 
  op posted this article to raise awareness and you and the other twat insult him , learn your fucking place and learn some respect . 
  ireland would never join an eu army . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would be against their constitution as a neutral country . 
  britain wo n't leave the eu to join the eea if that 's what you think . 
  chances are we will join efta if we can . 
  how does it not make sense ? 
  the uk is leaving , if the other countries decide to federalise we will not be in it . 
   i am of the opinion that most of the reasons that people voted leave do have their basis in racism . 
  i did n't say every leave voter is a flat out racist . 
  however , they are swayed by arguments that have their basis in racism . 
  it 's quite obvious i will never convince you that wanting to reduce immigration is n't racist . 
  i 'm also guessing places like birmingham , where a lot of non white british people voted leave are racist too right ? 
  although i will ask , what are your plans now ? 
  clearly you like the eu so do you have a desire to move to the continent ? 
   that 's not how it works at all , the chances of that are nil . 
  the rights of the eu are embedded in treaties , the rights the treaties ensure can not be taken away unless the country breaches the terms of the treaties . 
  none of the treaties require that members consent to further treaties in order for them to stay valid . 
  yes the the chances are nil , just like the chances of a federal europe with the uk now . 
   no offence , but this is exactly the kind of thing said but leave supporters who do n't have a fucking clue how anything works . 
  they think of the eu as some kind of magic super authority that can boss around members rather than a complex legal framework entered into willingly and conditionally by sovereign governments . 
  haha i understand how the eu operates and i voted remain but continue to insult me and act like you are a superior being and all leave voters are disgusting , knuckle dragging racists . 
  the eu was pissed off enough with how many concessions we got over the years and as you , a much more enlightened being than most should know that the idea of an ever closer union is in the preamble to the 1957 treaty that set up what became the eu , the uk signed up to the idea of it when the uk became a member . 
  a devolved part of the eu ? 
  how do you know such a thing would exist ? 
  chances are we would be given an two choices which are join the federal eu or join the eea . 
  if the eu federalised and we did n't join it we would not be given any say over it . 
   ironically the uk leaving will mean less opposition to federalism . 
  yes because it 's just the uk opposing a federal eu and the other 27 members are ready to go right ? 
  maybe to you there is not but very few people want a federal europe . 
  the second time they voted there were changes to the treaty . 
  comparing britain 's case with leaving the eu and ireland joining does n't work . 
  the fact is may is intent on carrying out the wish to leave , or so she appears to be doing . 
  there is a time frame for when article 50 is going to be invoked , lets see if it happens . 
  i would n't say that is fair . 
  i voted remain but some people did have worries besides immigration . 
  such as an ever closer union or an eu common army . 
  you talk as if the eu is perfect but it is n't . 
  again , it does n't matter how barely you win , if you win then you win . 
  i have no doubt we will leave and i doubt we will join the eea but i can see us joining efta . 
  so everyone who voted for brexit is a bigoted racist ? 
  that 's one way to generalise 17 million people . 
  to simply call the british public idiots when there are some issues with the eu is n't very fair . 
  the margin is irrelevant , leave won and so leave we shall . 
  referendums are not perfect but it was the torys who said they would hold one if they get elected . 
   a new government being elected on a manifesto of remaining in the eu which will not happen by 2020 and the current government wants to invoke article 50 late 2016/early 2017 . 
  do you also think labour has a chance of being elected ? 
   a major economic crisis that makes it infeasible leaving the eu has already been estimated at # 75bn with no deal at all . 
   talks fail and it is deemed better to stay in this is a ridiculous idea , both britain and the eu would want a deal , what that deal is yet to be known . 
   successful legal challenges who is going to challenge parliament ? 
   the government managing to wriggle out of it while difficult is still possible no it really is n't , people are already getting impatient now and the government does n't have a choice . 
  it is that simple , the majority of the british electorate voted to leave and so we should leave . 
   there could also be outside influences which prevent it from happening . 
  such as ? 
  if the tory party ever wants to be in power after 2020 then they will follow the wishes of the british public when they voted to leave . 
  just because it is n't legally binding does n't mean they will ignore a democratic vote . 
  in terms of our relationship with the eu afterwards is a complicated one . 
  the eu will not give up on the freedom of movement being in the single market and the british people will not give up in wanting no freedom of movement . 
  this makes the idea of the uk joining the eea pretty much zero . 
  the efta on the other hand could happen . 
   it is one british person precisely , one and you seemed to have generalised 65 million people over one persons joke , nice . 
   besides go to the eu parliament fb page . 
  it seems a lot of you brits got worked up over the eu one as well . 
  why would i care that some angry brits do n't like it ? 
  i like the eu and voted remain and i thought it was silly to make an eu total medal count like that , just as i think this tweet is silly . 
   i 'm also not really bothered by a brit doing some joking back . 
  i 'm bothered because it does n't make sense and i find it hilarious how a brit to counter the eu once again went `` muh empire '' . 
  i said it once and i will say it again , it was an mp making a joke . 
  take it up with the mp if you feel that angry about it . 
  so why did you say that we live in the past about it when we clearly do not want it back ? 
  well you would be wrong , if you take a look in that thread you will see not only angry brits but also americans and other europeans because while you may like the idea of a federal europe most do not . 
  one mp said this . 
  that is one person . 
  the commonwealth makes very little sense itself as it is n't a union like the eu . 
  it is quite obvious it worked as you seem very worked up over it . 
  as for the eu one i do n't care mate . 
  the only people dreaming of the british empire seems to be you continentals . 
  the idea of us wanting it back is always parroted by you lot despite the fact that we do n't want it back . 
  most british people barely understand what it was let alone have a desire for it . 
  i think you took the tweet too seriously mate , i bet the mp saw the eu one so decided to make a quick joke about it . 
  how you come to the conclusion that we all `` live in the past '' over one mp making this tweet is nonsense . 
  the idea of a british empire olympic medal count is just as silly as an eu one , because there will never be a british empire olympic team nor an eu olympic team . 
  mate that 's a little dark is n't it ? 
  yes he is a foaming at the mouth eu hater but that does n't mean he deserved to be fucking aborted . 
  you jest but it is n't just the uk though , germany , france and italy did n't do too bad in the olympics and i doubt an overwhelming majority of these people would like an eu olympic team . 
  the olympics is all about supporting your nation against others through sport and even though an eu team may dominate the olympics i would feel no joy in supporting them for winning . 
  cheers mate , congratulations on 1st !, 
  rule britannia !, 
  it 's mostly speculation at the moment , i doubt trump would actually leave , i can see him attempting to reduce the amount of bases the us has but again , this is merely speculation and would go against us foreign policy . 
  there is also the issue of trump not willing to protect nato allies and if he gets elected there could be uncertainty over whether nato is worth it if countries will not even defend each other . 
  labour is simply a mess at the moment and the eu referendum did not help at all . 
  i doubt ukip would be anywhere near as popular without nigel farage . 
  he does seem to connect with the common man quite well which gave him a massive upper hand in the referendum . 
  while corbyn was probably more pro brexit than he wanted to admit his party was not . 
  labour has got a lot of new members who are very pro eu and the labour party simply supporting remain was enough . 
   ukip is already dead . 
  westminster voting intention : con : 38 % ( - ) , lab : 30 % ( -1 ) , ** ukip : 13 % ( - ) ** , ldem : 9 % ( +1 ) , grn : 4 % ( - ) ( via yougov / 16 - 17 aug ), 
  the uk would leave because the biggest member of nato would have left and i highly doubt the uk would want to pickup for all the other nato members who do n't pay the 2 % spending goal . 
  the uk does n't need to rely on nato for defence , the uk is already strong enough to defend itself and with or without nato the us would still come to our aid as well as we would help the us with or without nato . 
  owen smith does seem like a good alternative but labour has changed a lot and i just do n't think he will win .
