  would germans or norway be fine doing the reverse for north america ? 
  probably not . 
  western european countries do n't even meet their spending goals and leave uk/us/ca to defend the baltics and eastern europe . 
   uk does n't need nato to have total us/canadian support , so uk would still have much more military backing than the eu if nato were to ever dissolve . 
  exactly , i believe the uk will choose to side with the us/canada than the eu in terms of defence . 
  us troops are welcome over here . 
  the uk has troops all over europe too . 
   africa is the ** country ** are you sure mate ? 
  thankfully it 's not up to just anyone . 
  the uk will always honour it 's commitment to nato . 
  i agree although i hear trying to work in an eu country from a non-eu one is extremely hard so hopefully i manage to move before the uk leaves . 
  oh i see , i have the same issue myself but i do n't see myself living here anymore as i supported the eu a lot and enjoy being an eu citizen . 
  i can also see the country going to shit with wages dropping and workers rights being taken away . 
  if you do n't mind me asking where are you originally from ? 
  i am placing my bet on germany . 
  what about you ? 
  i can see by your flair you support a european federation and assume you are british so are you considering moving ? 
  i agree that things are looking bad and i hope that maybe some of the unionists will wake up and find common ground with the nationalists on demanding for a referendum for unification . 
   this day next week the bonfires will be lit . 
  it will be interesting to see how passionate the unionists will be with the looming threat of scottish secession from their beloved union . 
  maybe we can give the scottish ni and give the unionists scotland ? 
  haha  they love that union jack . 
  i do n't why they like it so much . 
  i would n't be so pessimistic and call it dead yet . 
  i doubt the uk , ireland or the eu want the mess that the troubles brought to surface again . 
  i agree but remember ireland is not in schengen and neither is the uk so they can make arrangements for this themselves . 
  i doubt the eu will want to try and change the arrangement that currently exists . 
   but british people ca n't vote in ireland like they can in the uk . 
  british people do n't even vote in their own elections and considering the size of ireland 's population and the irish citizenship law being much more clear i think that is a good thing . 
   i doubt there 'll be much change but there may arise a post brexit desire to tidy up such loose arrangements . 
  agreed . 
  i hope a lot of loose arrangements are changed . 
   the rights that irish citizens enjoy in the uk are n't reciprocated in ireland so it 's very much an arrangement that currently favours only ireland . 
  currently we do as explained below :  under irish law , all british citizens -- including manx people and channel islanders who are not entitled to take advantage of the european union 's freedom of movement provisions -- are exempt from immigration control and immune from deportation . 
  [ 48 ] they are entitled to live in ireland without any restrictions or conditions . 
  [ 49 ] they have , with limited exceptions , [ 50 ] never been treated as foreigners under irish law , having never been subject to the aliens act 1935 or to any orders made under that act . 
  [ 49 ] british citizens can thus move to ireland to live , work or retire and unlike other eu citizens , they are not required to demonstrate having sufficient resources or have private health insurance in order to retire . 
  this is due to the fact that british citizens are also entitled to use irish public services on the same basis as irish citizens in ireland . 
  the uk government has always treated irish people favourably and considers them basically citizens and i doubt the uk government or the people mind that considering the past . 
  you can but that is n't my point . 
  my point is other countries simply turning a blind eye to allowing refugees in their countries cross to another will cause the uk to respond . 
  the common travel area was made before the eu and so was the le touquet agreement . 
  we will have to wait and see what happens before jumping to conclusions . 
  oh give it a fucking rest . 
  no one knows what will happen to the border and i hope nothing will change . 
  i voted remain and support the unification of ireland and there was n't even any plans regarding the eu either . 
  although to say your country should just let migrants illegally into another country by ignoring it does n't help . 
   would the uk gov send them back to france ? 
  now that is something i can not answer . 
  the issue is can the uk government send them back to where came before they arrived in france ? 
  it 's a very messy situation . 
  this will only harm both the french and the british and create a tit for tat approach . 
  the uk government will simply increase the presence of patrols around the port to stop them and could mean passport checks on the ferries and fine the companies for every illegal coming off at dover . 
  the agreement was also to place the border in france to keep billions of euros of freight moving . 
  so what if they want to come to the uk ? 
  if you do n't qualify as a refugee here you ca n't come here as a refugee . 
  so you want to hurt the uk by directly allowing them to the uk by turning a blind eye ? 
  that is true but they are currently stuck in france and still will be even if the agreement is ended . 
  this agreement was also made to place the border in france to keep billions of euros of freight moving . 
  do you really think the uk government will just let france wave them through ? 
  they are refugees in france . 
  it is found in the preamble to the 1957 treaty that set up what became the eu . 
   determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , [ source ] ( http://lawvolumes.dwp.gov.uk/docs/a9-1001.pdf#page=2 ) it is found in other eu documents too  resolved to continue the process of creating an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , in which decisions are taken as closely as possible to the citizen in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , [ source ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:2012:326:full:en:pdf#page=18 ), 
  it 's been one of the objectives of the eu for a long time . 
  it 's one of the main reasons the uk left because it never wanted it . 
  that 's what i was saying . 
  switzerland never signed the treaty to join the eu so they do n't have the obligation to adopt the euro . 
  they will but making a free trade deal is nothing like the single market . 
  yes but they have tariffs . 
  the single market makes all eu markets into one making trade as easy and simple as possible . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  the idea of an ever closer union is to form all eu countries into one and that means the people will be the citizens of one nation too . 
  yep . 
   the only freedoms widely practiced in europe is the freedom to be a sheep . 
  you guys are like baby birds in a nest . 
  momma bird ( i.e. 
  eu or gov ` t ) come by , and you open your little mouths & gobble up whatever they 're serving . 
  i 'm no sheep . 
  i am simply outlining how the eu thinks and operates . 
  the eu makes it clear that you ca n't have one without the other . 
   you do realize that the eu has negotiated darn near 100 different trade deals that includes the free movement of goods , capital , and service without the free movement of people ? 
  i know what the eu has done . 
  my country which has just voted to leave will now need to make it 's own trade deals and wants the exact same as what you said but the eu will not do it . 
  by the way the single market and a free trade deal are not the same . 
   further , i 'm a multi-millionaire american who owns his own company had has a graduate level education . 
  why should i care about this ? 
   yet , it is brutally difficult to move to most eu countries . 
  it 's hard for an eu citizen to move to the us . 
   yet , you want to try and put another nation under your thumb b/c they want to control the movement of people across their borders ? 
  look at my flair . 
  it 's the eu that wants to do it to my country and switzerland . 
   i do business across europe , and have a facility in antwerp . 
  again , why should i care about this ? 
   having grown up in a country that used to prize independent & critical thinking , i 'm aghast at how brainwashed the self-anointed cultural & educational elite of europe are . 
  this is no different to my country . 
  switzerland is not in the eu . 
  it is in efta ( european free trade association ) . 
  it is under the treaty which each member state signs that they must adopt the euro . 
  the eu now enforces everyone who joins to adopt the euro and existing countries who do n't have to start the process of doing so . 
  the only countries that have opt-outs are denmark and the uk .
