  yes but you never know with trump . 
  because the uk and canada value their military alliance with the us more than europe . 
  the uk is leaving the eu and it would serve no purpose for it to carry on an alliance with countries who do not pay and canada is right next to the us so it would side with it 's closest partner . 
  i agree . 
  although if trump wins he has said if nato is not reconstructed he will considering pulling the us out . 
  i do n't know how likely that is but it is something to think about . 
  it would take something big for the us to withdraw from nato but the uk would leave if the us did . 
  canada would probably do the same . 
  ah yes because fuck england right ? 
  ( forgot that wales voted to leave too ? ) . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  they are only considering removing the short time travel visa , i doubt they will give full visa free travel . 
  a tragic end to what was a beautiful day for france . 
  i 'm not sure to be honest . 
  i stumbled upon it as someone else posted it . 
  i was simply countering his source with another . 
  [ this source says different . 
  ] ( http://softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking/ ), 
  that only solves the immigration issue people had . 
  sovereignty was a big issue for others and we have to accept eu law under the eea . 
  for the best to be honest . 
  an eea deal will be extremely unpopular due to the freedom of movement . 
  we would be simply sitting in eu limbo and complaining is pointless . 
  out should be out . 
  my point is what is the rest of europe is doing ? 
  i am glad denmark is doing something and support it . 
  although what about your neighbours ? 
  they sit idly and do n't pay their share . 
   stop lying . 
  what ? 
  your comment literally says :  i am just pointing out that the uk does n't belong with the other 2 . 
  [ here is the source you fucking liar ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4snxae/germany_eyes_eu_defense_union_without_britain/d5b0zat )  yes they are . 
  because it was you who tried to portray the uk as the only western european country that protects the baltics ;-) again . 
  i said uk/us/ca . 
  where our countries are is irrelevant . 
  where is france though ? 
  where is the other nato eu members ? 
  why do n't you meet the 2 % goals ? 
   yeah and its only the baltics i 'm talking about . 
  you 're trying to turn attention away from your little falsehood now ;-) not at all . 
  try spending the 2 % or engage in other parts of the world . 
   no you tried to portray the uk as the only western european country defending the baltics and eastern europe . 
  which is n't true . 
  no you said :  i am just pointing out that the uk does n't belong with the other 2 . 
  we do . 
   it obviously is n't when denmark supplies 3 times as many troops . 
  unless denmark of course is n't located in western europe according to you . 
  i am referring to other countries such as france . 
   the us & ca is irrelevant to the discussion . 
  not when they are picking up for other european countries it 's not . 
   its you who keep trying to compare denmark and the uk militaries because you got offended when i pointed out that denmark is supplying 3 times as many soldiers ;-) i said you can not compare them . 
  i am not offended i am glad you are finally doing something , maybe now you can start reaching that 2 % goal . 
  you are only deploying three times than us in the baltics . 
  we have far more military bases overseas that need taking care of . 
  maybe your mates could start doing something so the us and canada do n't have to do it for you . 
   yes we do . 
  we are ranked 6th in military rankings while canada is ranked 22nd . 
   that is completely irrelevant . 
   we are stronger than canada but weaker than the us  and so what ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  you said we do n't belong with the us and canada but we do and the us and canada seem to think so too . 
   i never said it was . 
  but you tried portraying the uk as the major western european partner in defending the baltics . 
  it is contributing more than other western european nations and i said uk/us/ca . 
   i showed how ridiculous that statement was by pointing out that my country which - as you said yourself - is ranked 50th militarily and has a tenth of your population , is supplying 3 times as many troops ;-) you are deploying some troops in one area while we have troops all over the world . 
  to compare the uk military to the danish is hilarious . 
   i do know how to read . 
  i am just pointing out that the uk does n't belong with the other 2 . 
  yes we do . 
  we are ranked 6th in military rankings while canada is ranked 22nd . 
  we also pay the 2 % spending goal for nato while canada spends 1 % . 
   you are trying to portray the uk as an equal partner with those 2 where as other western european countries is n't . 
  we are stronger than canada but weaker than the us and both these countries consider us special partners and the only countries that spend near us is france and germany . 
   i showed that to be false . 
  my country , which has 1/10th of the uk 's population is contributing with 3 times as many troops as the uk to the spearhead force which will be tasked with protecting the baltics and eastern europe . 
  so you are actually start to do your obligations as a nato member ? 
  fucking hell mate calm down if you think denmark 's military ( ranked 50 ) is near ours you are having a laugh . 
   so what you 're saying is that you 're actually not the one protecting the baltics . 
  good we cleared that out . 
  i said ** uk/us/ca ** not just the uk , learn to read . 
   why should i care about that ? 
  we ca n't be everywhere at once . 
   denmark is participating just fine . 
  denmark might be but what about the rest ? 
   yes , you said it was up to the uk/canada/us to protect the baltics . 
  the uk is sending 500 troops for an exercise . 
  denmark is sending 3 times that number + 500 vechiles to be permanently placed in a spearhead nato group . 
  the uk has obligations in other places and has troops all over europe . 
  have a look at how many overseas military bases we have . 
   so maybe get down from your tiny horse mister . 
  haha look at you , you start actually participating in nato which you should be doing as it is part of the reason you are in it . 
  maybe you will actually meet the 2 % spending goal next . 
   have you even looked up what nato countries will supply troops to the new spearhead force ( vjtf ) in the baltics and eastern europe before you start talking about how its up to the uk to defend the baltics ? 
  yes i have and maybe you want to look at these yourself [ uk troops to take on nato duties in poland and estonia ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36739781 )  hundreds of uk troops are to be sent to poland and estonia as part of the nato response to concerns over russia . 
  [ nato leaders agree to deploy four battalions in baltic states , poland ] ( http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2016-07/09/c_135499439.htm )  `` canada will lead the battalion for latvia , germany will lead in lithuania , the united kingdom will lead in estonia , and the united states will lead in poland , '' stoltenberg said . 
   before you start talking about how its up to the uk to defend the baltics ? 
  i said uk/us/ca not just the uk . 
  the us troops we have are air force which are relics from wwii and are mostly used for intelligence today . 
  i do n't mind if they stay or leave but they are our ally and are always welcome is my point . 
   i think us tax payers forking up 70 % of nato 's entire budget to help secure the majority of europe is totally insane .
