  just to be clear , i do n't believe sky news on this either . 
   well seeing as how diicot have surveillance videos of ramsay meeting with two of the acting traffickers in front of a hotel , 300 kilometres from where he told romanian authorities he was , i 'm thinking he 's caught red handed on this one . 
  have these been released to the public ? 
  i watched this on sky news when it was first shown . 
  i 'm honestly not sure which side to believe but i would n't put it past sky doing this . 
  the guy who reported it ( stuart ramsay ) denies it 's fake and said :  ha !, 
  calm down everyone . 
  story is true . 
  nobody paid . 
  weapons real . 
  arrests happening . 
  govt embarrassed . 
  deal with it . 
  i know romania has a corruption issue although improvements are being made which is fantastic and like the ambassador dan mihalache said this should n't affect relations . 
  try telling the french that , they wo n't like it . 
  we will see what happens in the future . 
  it is true we are in uncharted territory right now but i have hope we will succeed . 
  also as a remain voter i hope the eu manages to get over it 's problems and we can cooperate as close allies . 
  i 'm glad someone said this , it has been a joint effort in helping spread english . 
  i think / u/trolls _ brigade just hates the uk because we voted to leave . 
  i do n't know why that guy is so paranoid , the past is the past and we should leave it at that . 
  i am glad you are increasing your spending . 
  more members of nato need to try and hit that 2 % goal and i 'm for one happy about germany taking it 's military spending more seriously . 
  probably , although at the moment iceland allows the us to use bases on their country and may strike a deal with them and other nations for protection . 
  if that fails then they may side with russia . 
  the problem is the 2 % goal is n't a requirement . 
  even a country like iceland which has no army is on good standing . 
  the 5 countries that spend 2 % of their gdp is the uk , us , greece , poland and estonia . 
  the rise in visa applications are from non-eu nationals . 
  the only thing the brits want are the passports . 
  / r/askeurope or / r/iwantout would be better places for this question . 
  although if i was to suggest a country it would be ireland . 
  why you ask ? 
  no language barrier , very little cultural shock as we share similarities with ireland , it seems to be a decent career in ireland and wages are decent , low cost of living compared to the uk ( avoid dublin ) , low cost flights to the continent for travel . 
  i ca n't blame them for that . 
  wasting your time with him mate . 
  his country can only go down from now and it 's best to just sit and watch with a nice bag of popcorn . 
  yep , i fear this is only the beginning , israel do a marvelous job though despite being near such hostile countries . 
  we have obligations to our allies to show not only can we defend ourselves but also them . 
  america are our allies and should be able to rely on us having the ability to defend ourselves . 
   government : devolved parliamentary legislature within parliamentary constitutional monarchy  monarch : elizabeth ii [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wales ) you are technically correct though , there is no queen of england , scotland or northern ireland either . 
  it was at one point . 
  it is now seen as it 's own country just like scotland and northern ireland . 
  how about `` the united kingdom of england , wales and northern ireland '' ? 
  i know the history of both but i did n't create the term `` anglosphere '' but the people who did must have seen something you are not . 
   in my eyes it 's kind of a lost country . 
  you see , i always see europeans get angry when people say that europe is lost because of all the terrorist attacks but here you are , saying the same shit about south africa . 
  calling south africa `` lost '' is ridiculous . 
  obviously south africa is more culturally similar . 
  so because david cameron told people to learn mandarin over french and german the entire country have no regard for a shared european identity ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  because it is an english speaking country which shares similar cultural values to the other five . 
   it was nothing to do with usa or uk , you do know that that south africa was a british colony right ? 
  just because a country was a colony does not mean it is part of the `` anglosphere '' . 
  the british empire had a lot of colonies but that does not mean they would be in that group . 
  south africa does have a high crime rate which it needs to address but an `` anglosphere '' would not be like the eu and have freedom of movement . 
  what 's wrong with south africa ? 
  i was talking about the hypothetical question of leaving nato . 
  canada relies heavily on the us military and knows the us will always defend canada . 
  why do you think canada spends so little ? 
  oh my well are n't you full of yourself ? 
  i can feel your hatred towards the english from here . 
   you should not have any say over the lives of people in ireland . 
  we do n't but irish citizens have a say in ours . 
  maybe that will now change ? 
   lets get this done and over with . 
  clean break . 
  agreed . 
   no more irish passports to english people either , you know the claim of citizenship is by family right ? 
  anyone from around the world who meets the eligibility has the right to claim , singling out the english just shows how bitter you are , not to mention your huge chip on your shoulder . 
  get over it . 
   do n't want any more of you coming over and claiming our welfare . 
  oh wow that 's fucking rich coming for a country where it 's citizens ** have ** to come to my country to get a fucking abortion , not to mention irish travelers who come over here and claim money . 
  i know you hate us for simply being english but it 's ok you 'll get over it , 
  i am not basing my opinion because of what this subreddit thinks . 
  i still support the eu but i am saying that it was probably best the uk and eu parted ways . 
  it 's not looking positive is it ? 
  i want the eu to work too but i feel it needs to federalise in order for it to work properly . 
  a half baked approach does n't look like a good option . 
  makes you feel the whole unity thing is a charade does n't it ? 
   why would they ? 
  sure , they want the deal , our countries too , but all we ask for is for those visas to be lifted so we can be treated like every other member of the eu , and it is our countries right to veto a deal . 
  the issue is non-eu countries have with this is because they do n't see all eu citizens as equal . 
  if you federalised then countries would have no choice but at the moment the us and canada do n't see it the eu way . 
  i think they just feel there is no need because the us fills in the gap . 
  although eastern europe and the baltics are making an excellent effort and i do n't blame them , i think the issue is western europe . 
  i agree . 
  it is so sad to see such hate for us just because we left the eu . 
  i want us to have a good relationship with the eu and i voted remain but to see all this hate makes me think it was probably good we left . 
  you make some good points but you ca n't blame the us for feeling disgruntled when countries such as germany will not even pay the 2 % spending goal can you ? 
  the purpose of the alliance is that everyone backs each other but most european countries do n't seem to want to . 
  why would we enter a war with russia ? 
  also what makes you think the us and china would go to war ? 
  their economies are incredibly intertwined and would damage both incredibly . 
  haha it is so annoying to hear that . 
  i do n't mind if either or both leave but i feel referendums after this one should have a time limit before another can be done . 
  other parts of the uk simply shouting for a referendum could get messy . 
  trumps view of nato needs to be constructed because the us pay the most and other countries do not meet the 2 % goal and feels the us pays a disproportionate amount . 
  i doubt the us would leave but i could imagine them decreasing their spending massively and if nato gets weaker the us may consider it obsolete and pull out . 
  incredibly unlikely ?
