people seriously have to stop the `` you '' `` we '' `` they '' thing when it comes to countries and history in general . 
  `` we defeated you in the roman-gallic war of 390 bc '' sounds like crazytalk to me but i feel quite alone with that opinion . 
  i bet the average rate of oral cancer is higher in sweden due to the circumstances , but i do not snusar myself ( how the fuck do i even translate that ) and i have never checked any statistics on it so i have no idea if that 's actually the case . 
  i respect that , but i must ask you to sympathise with the fact that the swedish view of the state is different when compared to many other cultures . 
  there 's a lot more trust and feeling of control , at least in my opinion as a swede myself . 
  so what you are practically saying is that you value a free market for alcohol over the lives of the men and women who are addicted to it . 
  i personally think the state monopoly works as intended , and the comment systembolaget have made on the proposed law is blown way out of proportion in this thread . 
   alcoholics also save money by dying young , which means the state wo n't need to pay them pensions or take care of them in old age . 
  i 'd bet the net effect is therefore zero . 
  are you serious ? 
  snus is tobacco , tobacco is bad for public health . 
  snus is ingrained in swedish culture , sweden was thus exempt from the rule after some debate . 
  comparing culture is not racist , as it has nothing to do with genetics or race . 
  but whatever . 
  what ? 
  sure , i totally understand that . 
  but trust me when i say that there 's worse things to experience than shame . 
  fuck my life . 
  shitty things can happen without you knowing about it , i hope you understand that . 
  especially when the press is as censored as it is in china . 
  surprise surprise . 
  arresting them would be more effective no ? 
  traffickers sometimes have networks of communication that they use to contact potential customers . 
  finding out how they operate and hindering it would benefit us more . 
  that 's a fair opinion . 
  but `` welfare shopping '' is exaggerating imo , and it 's not like turkey will keep them anyhow . 
  flashback is the 4chan of sweden . 
  that 's all i have to say on the matter . 
  look if we 're talking real war refugees then i guarante you that they will take anything other than a bullet to the abdomen . 
  do n't fear for us , we are doing , and will do fine . 
  the orange 's statement was met with confusion and laughs . 
  not panic nor nationalistic anger . 
  let 's say sweden pretty much closes it 's borders then in theory . 
  where would the arriving migrants go ? 
  they would logically go to the closest country that they get accepted into . 
  so how would the problem then be solved ? 
  all that happened was that the less educated immigrants now changed their destination some other nearby country . 
  you dense motherfucker . 
  source ? 
  that is bound to be an interesting read . 
  jesus christ turkey , those numbers ca n't be right . 
  i do n't think anybody except for american trumpers thought that . 
  correct , the wielder would also compensate for the physical pressure by pushing some momentum downwards , and thus reduce the pressure on the blade . 
  that 's my understanding at any rate . 
  edit : the art i was talking about is called [ ch\u016bdan-no-kamae ( middle guard stance ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ch%c5%abdan-no-kamae ) edit2 : not a weaboo defending katanas to the death , just want both cultures to be looked at objectively so that we do n't compare apples to oranges . 
  writing on phone , expect bad spelling . 
  from what i 've gathered japanese used mainly deflecting techniques when sword fighting , as in they would meet the enemy slash with the side the blade and then push it away until an opening showed itself , and then proceed to slash through it with a quick motion . 
  there should be some decent books about it , but the best i can do right now is to advise you to go to wikipedia and scroll down to the sources . 
  jesus christ it was one easily missed mistake , do n't be such a grammar-nazi . 
  jesus you must be boring irl , get some drama classes or some sense of humor . 
  i 'm sure you jest , but in case you were n't ; no , katanas where not designed for the act of seppuku , but i 'm sure some japanese smiths took some design decisions based on simplifying commiting seppuku when they made tant\u014d , a type of shortsword . 
  edit : words are hard . 
  you 'll maybe get robbed at worse , i regularly pass some `` no-go zones '' ( quite the exaggeration imo ) and as long as you treat people with respect and do n't stare at people like they are monkeys in a zoo you should be fine . 
  in general people who are into `` thug culture '' and live in poorer areas have low self esteem and take almost anything as a threat to their ego and/or manhood . 
  just treat them like you would treat any other guy and you should n't have any problems . 
  edit : maybe i should add that of course you should treat them just like anyone else . 
  because that 's what the people living there are , regular people living their life . 
  and the ones who do illegal things are almost always young men in their `` rebel against authority '' age who thinks it 's cool or whatever , with very few exceptions . 
  just for the record european swords were designed to clash and push while japanese swords or `` katanas '' if you will were not . 
  edit : words . 
   rape capital of the world you have no idea how triggered i get when i see this . 
  in other words ... very accurate . 
  worth noting that the poll did n't cover all countries , still interesting to see such numbers . 
  terrorism is apparently quite effective at scaring old people . 
  not that i blame them mind you . 
  `` come close to '' is not quite correct as it is about 1306906 usd stronger . 
  but whatever , i do n't * really * care about such unimportant squabbles . 
  have fun with that whole `` great again '' thing , and try not to panic when your new president cuts all ties to all foreign markets except for maybe russia . 
  my sincere condolences , seriously . 
   i wonder why ... hell the swedish one is one of the * better * designs and that says something . 
  i agree that the `` swedistan '' joke is getting really fucking old though , was kinda fun the first 1594689 times but then i realised some people were n't even joking . 
  most of these flags are * really * bad though . 
   generalisations do n't help anybody . 
  is n't that what he implied ? 
  that 's not how it works, 
  i can see like 17 people tops , if this really was a big deal then i have a hard time seeing why it would be so hard to get some decent sources posted in the comment section . 
  get this trash off the front page . 
  28 , thank god . 
  parlament yes , government no . 
   i think we can all agree that antifa are garbage who are wrong yup . 
   whereas far-right extremists are dangerous monsters who also happen to be correct . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  no , not in the slightest . 
  trust me , it happens at both , and both parties are idiots . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  oh jesus do n't try to make that into a thing . 
  how ironic . 
  can you believe some turks actively support this guy ? 
  if there ever comes up such a thing as `` european rednecks '' , my vote goes to anatolian turks . 
  lol ok whatever as long as the citizens were in favour of it . 
   a democracy without repressed liberties would just desintegrate russia . 
  then maybe that 's for the best , no ? 
  i mean what 's the point otherwise ? 
  what is it about the federation of russia that is worth preserving to the point of giving up one 's own liberties and well-argumented opinions ? 
   why is this relevant ? 
  so was cyprus . 
  let 's not beat around the bush here , the closer a military action is to europe the stronger europeans will react in general . 
  that 's why it 's relevant . 
   democracy was never present in russia . 
  to be honest , i refrained from expressing that opinion of which i share with you , as i did not want potential repliers who believe the opposite to feel attacked and/or alienated .
