thanks , i will consider registering . 
  my best wishes to your friend , and a sincere virtual hug to him and the misses . 
  stay strong . 
  he he, 
  yea , should be turin . 
  it 's possible but it usually does n't happen . 
  mind that with this law the party who gets the relative majority in the lower chamber automatically gets 55 % of the seats there . 
  so the pd ( bersani ) will get 55 % of the seats ( exact same number berlusconi had ) , they do n't need any ally . 
  the problem is in the senate where seats are assigned differently ( based on constituencies ) , and given that grillo ( the comedian ) got 24 % in the senate , there 's no clear winner . 
  now bersani has to form a government which must receive the approval of both chambers to govern , and it 's clear they can not get approved in the senate without the votes from grillo . 
  my prediction is berlusconi will try to buy as many of grillo 's senators as possible to vote against this government , so we 'll have to go to elections again . 
  grillo 's campaign was against political corruption , in favor of common people . 
  now we 'll see if these common-people-turned-parliamentarian are really as incorruptible as they say ... 
  bersani ( pd ) : center-left . 
  wants higher taxation of big holdings and financial investments . 
  favors equal opportunity , gay rights , education , research . 
  berlusconi ( pdl ) : theoretically a libertarian . 
  wants lower taxation and fewer services . 
  protect privacy and give less power to tribunals . 
  give more power to the president and less to the parliament . 
  pro-euro but ready to leave if necessary . 
  ( in practice , they may be good ideas but we all know he never did what he said , and makes partisan laws to protect his interests ) grillo ( 5 star movement ) : formed as a local green party to defend the territory ( against big infrastructures , incinerators , nuclear plants , privatization of water , etc. ) . 
  they want to elect regular people coming from outside the political world to fight the `` corrupt establishment '' . 
  anti-euro , pro-local . 
  wants to cut spending , more liberalizations , more flexible work laws . 
  tax big holdings . 
  fairly similar to bersani . 
  as leaders bersani and monti are not very charismatic . 
  they 're the boring , sober , ones . 
  they are realist and do n't promise more than they can afford . 
  berlusconi and grillo are much more charismatic , they scream or make people laugh , but they often promise impossible things ( = populism ) . 
  unless we go to elections again : bersani already has a majority in the lower house . 
  he will probably join monti in the senate , but they will still need some votes from grillo 's supporters in order to pass laws . 
  it all depends on grillo 's senators . 
  they say they will vote on single laws depending if they agree or disagree , they are all `` independents '' . 
  all in all i 'm pretty positive about these results . 
  because bersani has the absolute majority in the lower house , no laws can be passed without his approval . 
  ( he also has the relative majority in the senate ), 
  correct , in the end the center-left coalition has the majority in both houses . 
  the problem is that the majority in the senate is not an absolute one , so in order to pass a law they need votes from other parties . 
  monti would probably vote many laws proposed by the center-left , but that 's still not enough for an absolute majority . 
  this means the votes of the senators from grillo 's party will be decisive , it will be ... `` interesting '', 
  mmm , i would argue against that , tbh . 
  `` productivity '' , as it usually measured , is strongly tied to the exchange rate and to exports . 
  in fact , i 've recently read a paper that proved the causality of the tie is from the exchange rate and exports , to the level of productivity , not the other way around . 
  the italian and german productivity were following the exact same curve up to the beginning of the european monetary system , which forced countries to peg their exchange rate to the ecu . 
  it 's since then that the `` productivity '' has increased at a much lower rate compared to germany . 
  the real difference is all in the exchange rate . 
  why did a lot of manufacturing move from the us to china ? 
  china was more `` productive '' than the us , not because it was more technologically advanced , but simply becaused they artificially kept a low yuan exchange rate , making it much cheaper to produce goods there . 
  same situation in europe , by fixing the exchange rate , germany is benefitting from an artificially low echange rate , it 's more `` productive '' . 
  this does n't mean germans are more advanced technologically , simply they are enjoying a low exchange rate that does not reflect how their currency would naturally move if they had a floating currency . 
  it 's the opposite for countries like italy . 
  productivity did n't suddenly become crap since they joined the ems , simply they were given a currency which was stronger than what their floating exchange currency would have traded at , and this makes it less compelling to invest in italy . 
  yea , i was just being a bit provocative to spur some thought on the matter . 
  these are actually very nuanced issues and those umbrella terms encompass some very different phenomena . 
  so yea , regarding tax evasion i wholeheartedly agree , that if the money goes abroad , then it 's a negative thing . 
  and the sad thing is that in practice , local , physical , stores , who would probably spend that money on the local economy , are very much under control , while international service companies or wealthy individuals , who would not spend a big percentage on the local economy , often exploit loopholes to avoid paying taxes . 
  to avoid that kind of tax evasion , you 'd need some strong international rules against tax heavens , because no matter how much you lower your taxes , you will never be able to compete with some small country somewhere who is offering a close to zero tax rate . 
  i think some legislation in that under works but its a complex international problem and will take a long time to resolve . 
  i would argue that that kind of tax evasion is pretty inelastic relative to the state 's tax . 
  unless you become a tax heaven yourself , companies that are not brick and mortar shops , will always keep their official headquarters where they can pay the lowest rate . 
  ca n't blame them , it 's the smart thing to do . 
  now since the crisis we 've had a liquidity problem . 
  since the vast majority of the `` money '' in circulation is lent by banks , and banks stopped lending , there 's been a strong contraction of liquidity , halting the economy . 
  so , is it good if local shop owners evade taxes and spend that money locally ? 
  i 'd argue it would have a positive short-term effect , it could be countercyclical and if the economy improved enough , then banks ( who are procyclical ) would start loaning more . 
  we have a problem though , and that problem is called `` balancing the budget '' . 
  since the eu does n't allow countries to have a big deficit even in times of crysis , what happens is that , if the state ends up receiving less taxes , then they will have to raise taxes more for the next year . 
  this means businesses will have an even bigger hard time , more foreclosures , more capitals flowing to other countries ... which means more deficit and more tax raises to balance the budget next year . 
  it 's a scary vicious cyclce , italy 's effective tax rate at the moment is around 70 % , no one in their right mind would do business in such a place , but as long as there is a mandate to balance the budget , there is no escape from this destructive cycle . 
  so yea i 'd say that evading taxes would only be good if it has enough of a positive impact on the local economy to actually increase the propensity of banks to loan , otherwise , due to balance constraints , it only keeps increasing the problem . 
  as for `` corruption '' , again its a term that encompasses many things . 
  so yea , i think many italians when they think corruption they think some politician using public money to dine at an expensive friend 's restaurant . 
  that 's what they refer to as corruption often , which i would argue is not necessarily a bad kind of corruption for the economy . 
  if anything it 's effect is irrelevant . 
  i 'd argue that actual corruption in italy is quite low , on par with most developed economies , we have a lot of laws against it . 
  but there is a strong `` perceived '' corruption , and i think that 's a bigger problem . 
  more than corruption , i would say the real word to look for is meritocracy . 
  i think in some countries , especially newer countries like the us , it 's easier to be judged based on your merit and rise up to the top . 
  in others it 's often more about who you know . 
  i mean , it 's like that everywhere , and it 's usually not a malicious conspiracy , it 's just that people are more prone towards hiring or doing business with someone they know , or a friend of a friend . 
  it 's a cultural thing that i think is most prevalent in the mediterrean romance cultures , like italy , spain , france , greece . 
  people mostly date friends of friends , in the us people talk to random strangers in the street , they date random strangers , invest in their business idea , it 's a very different society , and i think that is what fosters entrepreneurship more . 
  it 's not so much the lack of corruption ( there 's lots of corruption in the us too ) , but more the openness to people outside of your social circle , and meritocracy , that actually fosters a better allocation of resources . 
  and i think a big role is also played by perceptions and the media . 
  americans keep being told since they 're born that the us is `` the land of opportunity '' , `` the american dream '' , while italy is always associated with the mafia or `` corruption '' . 
  if you look at actual statistics about social mobility , or crime rate , these stereotypes are not true anymore , but the perception of it makes it so that people invest less in italy . 
  sorry for the tl ; dr !, 
  i 'm sorry but this is just eu propaganda . 
  italy 's economy was doing much better before the euro , the problem has not been a sudden increase in corruption and tax evasion . 
  in fact , corruption and tax evasion are not bad for the economy , that 's a lie . 
  as long as the money is mostly spent locally they 're actually good for the economy . 
  i agree that the bureaucracy should be simplified , but saying that `` corruption '' and `` tax evasion '' are the cause of the economy 's problems completely misses the point . 
   once we need to borrow from outside the country our debt rating actually matters and it would be horrible making our debt wastepaper . 
  a country with a sovreign currency does n't really need to go begging to anyone in order to lend itself more of its own currency , look at japan or even the us . 
  the problem only starts arising when there is n't a balance between the country 's exports and imports . 
  if the state keeps printing money without investing it in activities that increase production and export , then you have a problem , otherwise there 's no problem . 
  the `` debt '' of a country with a sovreign currency does n't mean anything and can always be repaid fully . 
  in fact , the debt of the state is mathematically equal to the savings of the people , as it is a closed system .
