this / . 
  they know their game is up . 
  have you not seen or read what went on in greece ? 
  i 'm not talking newspapers but actual scholars , people well respected within their field giving speeches on what went down ? 
  spoiler : it 's fucked up . 
  freedom of movement is not the problem . 
  take spain as an example , with its massive youth unemployment its around the 43 % mark [ 1 ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/youth-unemployment-rate ) . 
  granted it has been falling steadily over the past couple of years but its not enough to replace the ageing work force that 's going to retire within the next ten years , they do n't have the skilled youth to take the jobs that get left behind . 
  i just do n't see how spain can over come these problems when it has the euro with germany keeping wages down so they can make their gearboxes in eastern europe . 
  so what needs to change ? 
  the $ . 
  if that goes their would be some heavy casualties for everyone but at least spain , portugal , france etc will have a say in their monetary system . 
  the other option is to compete at germany 's level which is hard for france to do let alone spain . 
  i love europe so much its done so much good ( and bad ) for the world but you guys ( and some of us ) really need to stop flogging this dead horse that is the eu and $ . 
   * change * it but not destroy it . 
  well something needs to give if you want change because at the moment spain and the rest of them countries have their odds stacked severely against you . 
  even with us leaving that might give a kick up the eu to actually move forward and not just rob the identities of so many great and diverse european countries . 
  ask the greeks , italians , spanish , french , portuguese , they have all been forced to run austerity budgets . 
  the eu was doomed ever since they introduced the euro . 
  even so its still a ridiculous statement to make . 
  i 'm struggling to see a point in your post . 
  are you saying boeing or airbus would stop designing their aircraft to fly on rr engines ? 
  airline company 's lease engines from rr and other engine manufactures . 
  boeing and airbus do not buy the engines . 
  also trumps 757 fly 's on rr engines . 
  and we felt together in the eu ? 
  capital rules all , it always has and always will . 
  no one gon na mention guetta ? 
  alright . 
  too me the only sour people here ~ ~ are on the continent . ~ ~ edit : is you . 
  you do n't really have silent leave voters for scottish independence . 
  thank you . 
  thanks , you know what , we should dig another hole together or build a plane . 
  lol i stopped when tim `` ginger jesus '' farron became the r/uk poster politician . 
  i always get zimbabwean and south african mixed up . 
  some british kids tend to watch the disney channel and the ones that do develop this weird american accent . 
  but whatever they will probably grow out of it when they realise they 're talking like a idiot . 
  the st nazaire raid aka operation chariot aka the greatest raid of all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nazaire_raid clarkson did a documentary on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxuskm5ux0s, 
  i get called gringo when i go on holiday to spain . 
  does that count ? 
  whats next to either side of the black pudding ? 
  i guessing ones a potato cake but the other ? 
  yeah one of my grandfathers was in the royal navy i think he worked as an engineer , but i was pretty young when he died but i do remember a few things he would tell me , or what my grandma would remember . 
  like the only reason he was an engineer was because the sign up office asked what he liked to do in his free time/what was he good at and he said something like he used to fix his push bike a lot because he could n't afford a new one . 
  where he was stationed i 'm not sure but i remember being shown a photo of him in cairo so probably around the med . 
  i know this is going a bit off topic but he came from a farming family and when he left to join the navy my great grand father and great grand mother took in an italian pow to help around the farm . 
  when he returned after the war they became really good friends and would meet every year until his death . 
  my other grandad worked down pit so he was exempt from conscription . 
  boys from the black stuff . 
  whey, 
  is the gold cup bigger in ireland ? 
  the office, 
  yeah this place . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ye_olde_trip_to_jerusalem they claim it goes back to the 12th century but they got nothing to prove this , tbh it 's probably just a tourist trap as it 's right next to the statue of robin hood and the castle . 
  pretty much all of them . 
  because what reddit thinks , you think everyone else should ? 
  the wire . 
  it 's basically the shakespear of our time, 
  i 'm so glad this thread does n't represent the general populace, 
  ... and then we get slaughtered for being anti-brussels . 
  throwing the toys out of the pram when it was a uk referendum . 
  wanting special privileges that would only apply to them . 
  having a second referendum when they had a `` once in a life time '' referendum in 2014 . 
  that 's the snp btw and i no way do i believe scots want a 2nd one . 
  it might be crap but their coverage of le tour is the best . 
  just to add some more : 24hr party people -- people who love the sesh dead mans shoes -- just watch it full monty -- unemployed men strip for money human traffic -- more people who love the sesh . 
  pride -- lgbt team up with miners ( people who dig coal not young people ) who go on strike and protest . 
  tv show . 
  garth marenghi 's darkplace, 
  thank you for your opinion random belgium person . 
  love this one on a pub quiz . 
  only english team to play in the scottish football league . 
  has he done anything that he did n't say in his election campaign ? 
  people knew what they were voting for when they went to the polls . 
  what would he have to do to be deemed ` unconstitutional ' ? 
  i 'll drop some vids so you can educate yourself on the matter . 
  [ i 'll let a scotsman spell it out on the euro and the eu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgvzil0qwpg&amp;t ) [ you might as well get hit with another dose of mark blyth while your at it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdqdwyjxbpo ) it feels good does n't it ? 
   now , the risks remain , but staying in the uk seems even riskier whats your logic behind that ? 
  stay with uk , keep the pound , see where brexit takes us , or leave uk with no guarantee on being accepted into the eu , wait about 10 years then maybe accepted into the eu and then adopt the euro . 
  the latter seems a lot more high risk imo, 
  the lark ascending or fantasia on a theme , both composed by ralph vaughan williams . 
  actually fantasia on a theme was originally done by thomas tallis, 
  except today 's wishy washy labour party is pathetic . 
  such a shame really compared to labour in the past that really drove for social change . 
  just to expand on the documentary a bit , a better one to watch is call the `` spirit of 45 '' which is a much better look at life in britain just after the war . 
  and its done by ken loach . 
  i 'm not sure you can comment on the state of england and the people that live here , from where you 're from . 
  it seems you have taken the stereotypical view of the typical ingerland that you have read in your papers , and i 'm not sure you would appreciate my view of stereotypical ireland . 
  you also seem to know why we left the eu , it was not down to getting the empire back together again , it was down to people being fed up with constant cuts to public services , the top 1 % getting it all , while ya man who works 45 hour weeks just gets enough to get by and general unhappiness within each community . 
  people voted because they wanted change . 
  if you hate us so why do you still have orange in your flag you mug . 
  and ours are fucking awful . 
  always worth a cheeky bet on ireland . 
  get rid of it . 
  it 'll be pointless after the queen . 
  operation yewtree . 
  not so much wild allegations but very much real . 
  diabetes never tasted soo good .
