  stop using this argument . 
  canada does not have access to the single market . 
  free-ish trade \u2260 single market, 
  the coup was certainly in place before the referendum . 
  but now their coup is justified . 
  unfortunately , corbyn is staunchly against the eu . 
  he has been at every step in the last decades . 
  that 's why he was invisible during labour 's remain campaign . 
  such a shame , i had great hopes for him , but when choosing between his ideology and the well being of his electorate , he chose the former . 
  this is most certainly true . 
  many transylvanian saxon villages are now ghost towns . 
  even the president 's parents left for germany in the '90s ( and still live there ) . 
   except that claim is based on the rich countries not saving the africa 's failed states . ^ * ^ * states ravaged at the behest of filty-rich capitalists . 
  : i 'm not a communist . 
  but if one can acknowledge the failure of the ussr and its marxist-leninist ideology , one should do the same to capitalism . 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  class conflict was n't initiated by the poor , you know ... 
  even though i am disgusted by the rampant right-wing views of most r/romania users , u/anarchisto ** literally ** is a communist . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with it . 
  i 'm afraid you 're wrong . 
  the massive demolitions that we 're speaking about happened in the '80s . 
  the housing needs were addressed decades before , but historical neighbourhoods and monuments were demolished to build ceausescu 's [ vanity project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centrul_civic ) . 
   an overall area of eight square kilometers of the historic center of bucharest were leveled , including monasteries , churches , synagogues , a hospital , and a noted art deco sports stadium . 
  ** this also involved evicting 40,000 people after a single day 's notice and relocating them to new homes ** , in order to make way for the grandiose centrul civic and the house of the republic . 
  not really . 
  at that point , romania had diverted for decades from the soviet paradigm in order to bolster its own cultural identity in the socialist bloc . 
  romanian engineering achievements are our own . 
  it 's just a shame the means were not used for wiser ends . 
   the old buildings had very little architectural value sure . 
  except for the brancovenesc hospital . 
  and the jewish quarters . 
  and the izvor neighbourhood . 
  and the state archives . 
  and the arsenal building . 
  and hala mare ( our very own les halles ) . 
  just because most of the buildings were not medieval , does not mean they were worthless . 
  that is '80s communist propaganda and it 's unbecoming of you . 
  you 're using the term in the way it was manufactured by the ex-mayor , ignoring history and reality in the process . 
  bucharest 's old city centre was and is much larger than the 2 km ^ 2 filled with pubs and clubs we named a few years ago . 
  the lengths they went to in order to save some crummy blocks of flats ... whilst demolishing the old city centre of bucharest ( and other cities ) . 
  boggles the mind . 
  paging echr ... 
  b-but the invisible hand ... 
  it 's our fault as well . 
  romanian products are not skillfully branded and they lack the aesthetic charm of high-end western ones . 
  shoddy logos , illustrations , translations , packaging . 
  we miss a lot of opportunities . 
  these bombs do not damage the organisations , just random innocent people . 
  how virtuous . 
  personally , i agree with complete cultural autonomy , just not political autonomy . 
  i have a gripe with the laws differing based on the ethnicity of the regional population . 
  edit : is this statement triggering to both sides ? 
  at this point , english will never truly be gone from the isles . 
  you do n't need it as a first language to receive the benefits - just look at the netherlands , for example . 
  but ireland having its true language back would be a perk that would make irish culture even more fascinating . 
  and a small amount of anti-imperialist justice would n't hurt . 
  such a shame . 
  you need some of that juicy balkan eternal-regret-for-past-glories-that-never-were . 
  perhaps it would help in resurrecting the language . 
  i hope we can see an irish-speaking \u00c9ire in our lifetimes . 
  whenever we have the rare chance of undoing some kind of cultural vandalism , we must act . 
  this language and attitude is n't helping . 
  how can one point to the hungarian government 's irresponsible attitude and then go `` fuck you , we won '' ? 
  he meant that the self-determination of the indigenous population is more important than ownership won by conquest . 
   furthermore , you wrote in the slavic alphabet and old church slavonic ( medieval bulgarian ) was your official church language used on all liturgies . 
  of course your people understood it and were , therefore , very much a slavic speaking population with strong non-slavic ( romance , dacian , turkish ) influences . 
  not only have romanians never understood slavonic , the priests themselves barely ( if ever ) knew slavonic . 
  for hundreds of years , the liturgy was a farce - religious text mumbled by priests to a populace that did n't understand a thing . 
  the romanian word for mumbling is * boscorodi * , which comes from the ukranian word * bozkorodity * , meaning speaking alone and without meaning - this specifically refers to the religious ceremonies in which the ritual was performed on fast-forward and no one knew what the fuck they were doing . 
  so you are mistaken . 
  i was thinking about the last event in which a bridge failed under a lorry . 
  i think there was a death as well . 
  again ?!, 
  italian infrastructure is in a dire state . 
   are you ~ ~ a journalist ~ ~ an enemy of the people ? 
  ftfy, 
  from my limited experience , i liked them better than mici . 
  mici feel heavier to the stomach and have a stronger barbecue flavour . 
  and since i 'm not a huge mustard fan ( traditionally eaten with mici ) , i found the pairing between cevapi and kaymak even better . 
  neither . 
  it was n't touristy at all , even though it was next to tivoli . 
  that 's what made it even better , i believe . 
  i ate the most amazing cevapcici in ljubljana - with fresh pita bread , diced onion and incredible ` home-made ' kaymak . 
  i still dream about it from time to time . 
  if , for example , they 're sympathetic to the methods used by the ussr ( et al ) to repress the peasantry during the mass collectivisations , then i see no problem in bashing them for it . 
  there are radical leftists that fetishise revolution as the only viable method to bring about change . 
  this fallacious view of the world only hampers their specific flavour of socialism . 
  how elegant, 
  i empathise with your caution , but i 'm sorry , i can not agree with this sophistry . 
  the defining traits of nazis and fascists are not really up to debate . 
  their current and historical beliefs are a matter of public record . 
  does someone hold most or all of those views ? 
  then they are probably a nazi . 
  i 'm somewhere between a social-democrat and a socialist . 
  my political views are not liberal . 
  obviously this is completely irrelevant . 
  what is relevant is that you ca n't have a debate with someone that does n't care about debates . 
  this is not intolerance , it 's pragmatism . 
  was fighting the nazis who started a genocide that killed millions wrong ? 
  are you claiming nazi violence is the fault of anti-fascists ?
