  most europeans nowadays are atheist anyway , religion just does n't play a big part in europe anymore so islam would have to struggle both against fundamental christians and atheists who do n't care . 
  i use the word would because this is a hypothetical scenario , islam does n't have to struggle against anyone because as far as i know no one is trying to actually convert the west to islam , and even the most conservative muslims living in christian countries seem to have a live and let live attitude . 
  i 'm not trying to make the us look bad , i do n't have to , they do that on their own pretty well . 
  no , everything we do is influenced by the us . 
  the whole world revolves around this wonderful nation . 
   in other words , if your country 's cops were assigned to police american streets or if american criminals began arriving in europe , do you think that the use of force would normalize towards american levels ? 
  no because our police officers get three years of training instead of the three months or whatever american officers need to complete . 
  and one of the aspects of their training is how to resolve a situation without shooting anybody , which is a concept american police does n't seem to be familiar with . 
  self-centered , arrogant and quite bland , but the nature is pretty neato . 
  i fail to see how this is relevant to the whole `` reddit is an american website '' debate . 
  i do n't consume american media at all aside from a few tv shows that have little to do with politics , and on reddit i am only in european or games related subreddits . 
  reddit being an american website does not force feed me american points of view . 
  as to the casuality question . 
  numbers are unimportant , nobody can imagine how much 60 million dead people is , or how much less 50 million is . 
  what 's important is that people are taught that a single death is already * too much * and in the case of ww2 * what the fuck this is way too much what are you doing stop * . 
  if you just tell people the number of casualties , they 'll get desensitized , they 'll start thinking `` oh 500.000 dead syrians ? 
  well at least it 's not as many as in ww2 '' , and they 'd be right to do so , it 's the only way to stay sane . 
  it is as the saying goes . 
  a single death is a tragedy , a million deaths is a statistic . 
  i dunno , 14 million ? 
  are we talking civilians + soldiers or only soldiers ? 
  what, 
  i recently started watching the fresh prince of bel air , after only having watched the german dub on tv when i was a kid . 
  man that show is hilarious and critical at the same time , i love it . 
   europe is frequently presented by the american media as one big , homogenous bloc wait , really ? 
  i thought that is only some r/shitamericanssay type of cliche that only a few dumb southeners actually believe . 
  it 's the internet , and the only requirement to use reddit is to speak english , or know enough about it to create a subreddit for your own language . 
  plenty of europeans qualify for one or both of those things , and i have n't seen reddit advertising itself as being a medium only for americans . 
  the reason most of the users of sites like reddit and imgur are american , is because they are english websites , and the us happens to be the biggest country of english speakers with access to internet in the world . 
  the location of the servers and nationality of the founders of reddit has little to do with that . 
  the second question : no , there is no european alternative because there is no need for one . 
  those who require such a service know about reddit . 
  also , since we speak dozens of different languages across this continent , the best way to communicate with each other is also english , which happens to be the language of this website . 
  so does this sub . 
  what even is sweden . 
  so you 'd fly to europe to learn how americans are viewed here ? 
  why is it that 90 % of questions asked by americans on this subreddit are about what europeans think about various aspects of america . 
  well , they are n't gon na learn anything if all goes well , will they ? 
  not resent , i just think it 's a bad choice for all of us and an incredibly short-sighted and selfish thing to do . 
  i hope it comes around to bite them in the arse , as they say . 
  as far as i know employees in state institutions like that are obligated to speak only in german to avoid misunderstandings since it 's a lot of legal stuff that is not open to interpretation . 
  to heat up left-overs and ravioli . 
  nice , that 's a great one . 
  i agree , great britain . 
  i strongly believe the british empire was founded on the principle idea of finding food that does n't taste terrible . 
   just do n't greet with `` heil !, 
  i 've seen that all over r/de and i find it hilarious , but what 's the background on it ? 
  as a saarl\u00e4nder , learning french in school lowers the barrier of just driving over the border for a holiday , or actually being able to communicate when going shopping over there . 
  enlightenment -  french revolution -  napoleonic wars -  congress of vienna . 
  the massive changes in society , world view and politics in this relatively short span of time is just amazing to me . 
  i love reading about it and immersing myself into this time of change and disorder , trying to feel how it felt to rise up and take to the streets in defiance of a system that had been in place for centuries . 
  it bred the ideas that now motivate us today , like the principle of being rewarded for your efforts , rising through ranks based on performance and not birth , education for everyone , political awareness for everyone and things like that . 
  the modern society was born here , on the streets of paris in the fires of revolution , nurtured by the ideas of great philosophers , fueled by the blood and sweat of centuries of oppression . 
  my grandma had a few of these . 
  roman stuff too , here on the other side of the rhine . 
  and many areas with castle remains will have a burgfest . 
  `` no , just dutch '' . 
  scottish , it 's hilarious . 
  non-european : arabic, 
  german , english and beginner french , although i want to get that to a fluent level at some point . 
   sees flair what , are you a papal legate spying on our protestants ? 
  nothing whatsoever . 
  all of what i know comes from eu4 . 
   we learn a lot about you guys thoughout school wait really ? 
  any american i 've met knew jack all about europe . 
   malbork castle . 
  triggered . 
  marienburg . 
   to my terminal breath . 
  that 's a really odd way to say that . 
  you mean european folklore abridged version ? 
  or native american folklore abridged version ? 
  i think this has more to do with the awareness of problems concerning alcohol abuse than with anything the us did . 
  i live in a sub-urban kind off village , close to the provincial capital and at the border to france , on one side you have the road to the autobahn and into the city and surrounding towns , and everything else is surrounded by forest . 
  * cough *, 
   there is no eu version of `` do n't fire until you see the whites of their eyes . '', 
  someone has n't heard of the caroleans . 
  other than that , we 've had more than two millenia of war on this continent , and two world wars with millions of dead . 
  excuse us for not encouraging our young boys to go kill for their country . 
  to me it sounds a like a soft , nordic dialect of german with lots of \u00d6s . 
  warms my heart everytime i hear a french person say that :'), 
  football, 
  historically i 'd say austria , maybe even czechia ( muh king-elector of bohemia ) . 
  nowadays though i think we 're closer to france than to austria ( the austrians of reddit do n't seem to like us much ; _ , 
  lots of older germans will probably disagree with me , but i think [ schuh des manitu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/der_schuh_des_manitu ) is a masterpiece of german comedy . 
  my mom used to get picked on when she was young for speaking standard german instead of the local dialect , and you do come across as a little stiff or lofty talking standard german to friends from the same region , doubly so as a child . 
  i used to do the same when i was around 14 , and someone said `` why do you talk like someone from the middle ages ? '' . 
  thankfully one of his friends interjected and said `` that 's standard german you idiot '' . 
  but still , i reconsidered and started talking the local dialect , that is much easier than speaking proper , grammatically correct german anyway . 
   is there a type of class associated with it over low german ? 
  not really classes . 
  it is standard german , everybody learns it in school from day one . 
  those who stick to their dialect even in formal and professional environments usually are the ones who do n't care and do n't want to . 
   is standard german considered to be the hamburg dialect ? 
  no , standard german is an mix of all kinds of dialects with martin luther 's own mixed translation as a basis . 
  there 's no dialect you can point to and say `` this is standard german '' . 
   how different are berliner and bavarian dialects ? 
  berliners make `` k '' sounds out of `` ch '' sounds , and j out of a g. bavarian is just it 's own thing . 
  there a clear differences to standard german but most of it has lot of nuance to it that only someone with extended exposure to the german language will notice , and it 's difficult to describe . 
   are you able to understand every possible dialect of german within germany ?
