  except the part where it was a world war and hundreds of american sailors and hundreds of thousands of american shipping got sent to the ocean floor by u-boats . 
  america had to protect its investments and ensure the safety of their commercial shippings , so they had to get involved at some point . 
  like a war that should never have happened and one that should not have gone on for 4 years . 
  full of incompetence of both diplomats and military leaders and all sides too proud and too disconnected from reality to call an end to the slaughter before it got out of hand . 
  but it got out of hand spectacularly and beyond what anyone could 've anticipated and in my opinion it is the responsibility of everyone to learn and teach about it and make sure to never let something like this happen again . 
   i think it 'd feel familiar and completely strange at the same time . 
  that 's what i feel when i hear dutch . 
  no , i do n't think we have trouble finding a national identity . 
  regional identities and cultures are very strong because they 've been built through centuries , but we share enough similarities between each other to feel part of something bigger , and have lived under the same nation for long enough for there to be no second thoughts , although the north/south divide is pretty real . 
  the idea of a unified germany is also now well over 150 years old and two world wars i 'd say probably helped more than they harmed it . 
  after all , nothing rallies a varied people more than fighting a common foe and i think the nazis did contribute a thing or two with the gleichschaltung and other efforts . 
   is there any part of german culture that was lost or different during these times ? 
  the nazis did spoil a lot of stuff that had long history in german culture , but nothing we are going to miss and more the kind of stuff a historian mourns rather than the average citizen . 
  it certainly did away with german militarism , but that 's a good thing , anyway . 
  [ heidelberg ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=heidelberg&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewje18zw6dbtahvckcwkhwuzdwuq_auiccgd&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=884 ), 
  well that narrows it down . 
  yeah , weak american bread maybe , not strong , masterfully baked , nutricious and delicious german bread, 
  cans of ravioli, 
  no need to miss it , friend . 
  http://oldschool.runescape.com here , relive your childhood . 
  we do n't really have clubs at all . 
  only thing i 've seen was one for a school newspaper in middle school . 
  [ the porta nigra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porta_nigra ) in trier is from 200ad . 
  what is what ? 
  abitur is like highschool if highschool was harder . 
  where in america almost everyone graduates from highschool , in germany only about 50 % of young people graduate with an abitur , which is the graduation that allows you to study anything you want at a university . 
  a fachabitur/fachoberschulabschluss is a light version of that , focused at a specific field ( economy , engineering , social working , design ) , which allows you to study at specialised schools for that field . 
  part of this graduation is having worked as an intern in a buisness for a year . 
  there is an exception to this as the state of hessen allows you to study anything even with a fachabitur . 
  if you finish 12th grade and are allowed to enter the secnd main phase of the abitur , you automatically have the school part of a fachabitur if you meet a few requirements , which is the case for me . 
  my mom did some research . 
  her mother was from prussia and her father 's side were donauschwaben . 
  most of them died during their internment and explusion under yugoslavia after wwii , one part apparently moved to australia , so i have very distant relatives there . 
  still a good joke though , i just replied with an old school reference , 
  you mean going to al kharid to get your hides tanned for a gold fee ? 
  thanks !, 
  yes , i 'm definitely looking for sommerjobs right now . 
  the schulz is an inspiration to all us abi failures, 
  not gon na be one for me , at least for the traditional way , since i already redid one year . 
  right now i 'm hoping to get a place in the trierer landesmuseum for my fsj , and if that does n't work out start doing a praktikum so i have a full fachoberschulabschluss with which i could study . 
  either way nothing to do until september , and regardless of awesome you think this would be when you 're young , having nothing to do that gives you some purpose for months is pretty horrible . 
  i failed my abitur and now am sitting on my ass since december , and my life is n't demanding enough responsibilities of me to give me something to do , so i 'm quite a bit depressed right now . 
  yeah , actually you 're right . 
  it 's really easy to poke at an american to get them to go on a huge rant on politics . 
  i just need to ask my american friend `` how 's it going '' and there we go here comes the rant . 
  map chat in guild wars 2 was 90 % politics when i was on na servers , same in wow . 
  pagans !, 
  russian : either extremely good or extremely bad , no inbetween . 
  tv , russian music , a crying baby , a vacuum or people shouting constantly in the background when they use voice com . 
  french : only speak french , insult you in french , and talk to other french players about you in french . 
  germans : like to do the same as the french but still complain about the french doing it , and when they type something in english it 's usually pretty bad . 
  brits : the ones who usually speak proper english . 
  americans : now , since the ping difference is rather significant and many games have seperate servers , europeans and americans usually do n't encounter each other a lot in online games , but the ones i encounter are usually like brits but much more chatty , both in negative and positive ways . 
  spanish : the only thing they write is `` espan\u00f4l ? 
  '' , if you reply no , they remain silent forever . 
   is this description accurate ? 
  yeah pretty much , and there 's different types of schools to put your child on depending on which path you want it to take ( realschule , hauptschule , gesamtschule , gymnasium ) , also there 's another one . 
  after you finish 10th grade , you can visit a fachoberschule of a certain subject like economy , where you will work in a buisness while going to school and after 2 years you will have a fachabitur , which allows you to study on certain universities , or in the case of hessen , on all of them . 
  if you do n't study and start working you 'll go to a berufsschule for a couple of years before being a full employee . 
  also , if you finish your berufsschule after having left school at 9th grade and fulfilling certain requirements , you will have the 10th grade graduation , and there 's plenty of ways to do your abitur even did n't go for it the first time . 
  urpils, 
  yeah maybe but the french elections are actually democratic . 
   in the `` normal '' scenario where the president 's party control the legislature he is far more powerful than the american president . 
  if the opposition controls the parliament he can dissolve it . 
  which is pretty weird and a bit of a red flag but for some reason the french make it work . 
  we usually treat them like people . 
  shocking , i know . 
  i went to school with some black kids and my brother 's girlfriend is black and i have n't heard anyone remark on their skin color at any point , or treat them any different . 
  people just do n't care . 
  `` cool , may i ask for your help to retake jerusalem ? '', 
  not nearly as common as hitler would 've wanted . 
  wanting to put tighter restrictions on beer ( and other alcoholic drinks ) . 
  taking a more responsible stance on our precious `` kulturgut '' makes you pretty damn unpopular with many demographics . 
  getting shitfaced on overpriced beer in stuffy tents , i do n't see the point . 
  owning sport/hunting rifles and pursuing such a hobby responsibly is fine , but part of life in a modern constitutional state is about being protected by it and not having to own weapons for self-defence . 
  i do n't want to live in a country where i have to carry a gun to feel safe outside . 
  besides shooting some old historical rifles out of pure curiosity at one point , i have no interest in guns . 
  we do n't like dying . 
  exactly . 
  [ `` from 1945 -- 48 , many ethnic germans in hungary were dispossessed and expelled to allied-occupied germany under the potsdam agreement . 
  in the ba\u010dka , which had been part of hungary from 1941 , schwowisch villages were emptied forcibly in march 1945 . 
  the old and the young were imprisoned in gakovo , kru\u0161evlje , rudolfsgnad ( kni\u0107anin ) , molidorf ( molin ) , ba\u010dki jarak , krndija , valpovo and sremska mitrovica . 
  those able to work were used as slave labor throughout the countryside . 
  on march 1 , 1946 130,388 interned yugoslav ethnic germans were proposed to be expelled under the potsdam agreement . 
  this was turned down but provides a good estimate of the number of shwovish internees . 
  many thousands were forcibly removed by cattle cars to russia as allied `` war reparations '' , being put to work as slave labor in siberian coal mines and elsewhere until 1949 , when the program was shut down . 
  the conditions were poor , and about half of those sent to russia died from malnutrition or disease . 
  of a pre-war population of about 350,000 ethnic germans in the vojvodina , the 1958 census revealed 32,000 left . 
  officially , yugoslavia denied the forcible starvation and killing of their schwowisch populations , but reconstruction of the death camps reveals that of the 170,000 danube swabians interned from 1944 to 1948 , about 50,000 died of mistreatment . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danube_swabians#world_war_ii.2c_expulsion.2c_and_current_situation ), 
  my mom was into that for a while and tracked down some relatives . 
  her father 's side is descended from the so called danube swabians ( donauschwaben ) , german people living in the balkans , presumably having gone there during the ostsiedlung . 
  her cousin 's father saw his mother starve in the yugoslavian death camps after ww2 and most of that side of the family either died there or moved far away , one of them apparently to australia . 
  disappear as in stop existing or stop being sovereign entities ? 
  my grandfather worked at an anti-aircraft position when he was a child near the end of the war , that 's about all i know . 
  oh well , if my shitting on americans makes germany look bad in other people 's eyes , then their opinion does n't matter anyway . 
  just because i use a german flair does n't mean my opinion reflects that of our entire country . 
  i 'm not claiming that anywhere , so i do n't see why anyone would get that idea . 
  we have more than 1500 years of history with christianity ( and religion in general ) on this continent , it takes a little more than a couple million refugees to convert people , and it would take generations to change people 's thinking away from the modern western idea of secularism to have islam influence laws . 
  we 'd see the pope call out a crusade before that happens .
