  the rest is up to them , and i do n't think throwing anyone out of the country who is n't accepting the glory of god-empress merkel or who does n't believe that german bread is baked by demigods is the right thing to do as a human being . 
  besides that , i can understand why you would be afraid to lose your culture , especially if it is so ancient , proud and varied as arabic ones . 
  i 'd not want to forsake the culture that shaped me and my ideas either . 
  the true problem when trying to fit into a new culture is when some of your values conflict with it , and here 's where every person has to make their own decision : do i rethink what i was taught , do i embrace this new idea , do i reject it , or do i try to avoid it ? 
  each comes with a cost , if you rethink and embrace , you might get into trouble with your family and they will throw you out . 
  if you reject this new idea , you will be rejected by the new culture and will never be able to fit in and call this place a home . 
  this process is natural and can not be forced , it will develop over generations and we 'll just have to do our best to encourage these people to simply * think * and not see whatever they were taught as set it stone . 
  lunatics that use the guise of following a political agenda to act out their violent fantasies , damaging the property of innocent bystanders in the process . 
  they deserve no attention nor anyone 's ear for whatever message they think they 're sending , if any at all . 
  imo the chancellor should just rotate around the major towns on horseback with the whole government in his entourage , like in good old times !, 
   anything outside of bavaria would n't represent bavaria some places inside bavaria would n't represent bavaria , even . 
  n\u00fcrnberg for example . 
  thanks for that , napoleon !, 
  donald trump is your president ( that should say enough honestly ) . 
  your country 's foreign policy is not very popular in the rest of the world . 
  american tourists are known to be pretty ignorant and with access to the internet we can all see how uneducated some americans are . 
  r/shitamericanssay exists for a reason . 
  never heard of it . 
  thanks for the decent movies and tv shows , i guess . 
  stop overthrowing governments and destabilize countries to get their resources . 
  americans at home can help by stopping the worship of their military and by seeing every soldier as a hero . 
  american soldiers are dying for the profit of the government and companies that control it , but it is disguised as the `` fight for freedom and liberty '' and the american people swallow that all too willingly . 
  unless that stops , the warmongering and imperialism of the us will continue , and so will the flow of refugees fleeing the countries affected by it . 
  now you 're just making it way too obvious . 
   edit : it appears that tongue in cheek clich\u00e9s in history are not appreciated it 's an overused , blatantly false clich\u00e9 that anyone with a basic understanding of european history would feel bad about using , so please refrain from using it in a public environment , we 're all so very tired of hearing it . 
  that 's the second time within 24 hours that i get to post this !, 
  harbour cities are very nice aesthetically . 
  but i do n't find the sight big ass freighters particularly enjoyable . 
  `` berlin is a steaming pile of shit and i hope it gets bombed in a world war '' - johann wolfgang von goethe . 
  i do n't, 
  no i actually compiled this specifically for this comment , although i should probably save it as this `` france sucks at war lololol '' meme from americans rustles my jimmies . 
  you may use many adjectives to describe berlin , but `` beautiful '' is not one of them . 
  1918 - battle of amiens 1918 - second battle of the marne 1916 - battle of verdun 1914 - battle of ypres 1914 - first battle of the marne 1859 - battle of solferino 1855 - battle of malakoff 1830 - invasion of algeria 1823 - battle of trocadero 1815 - battle of ligny 1814 - battle of vauchamps 1813 - battle of lutzen 1813 - battle of dresden 1812 - battle of borodino 1812 - battle of smolensk 1809 - battle of ocana 1809 - battle of medellin 1809 - battle of wagram 1809 - battle of eckmuhl 1809 - battle of ciudad-real 1809 - battle of ucles 1808 - battle of tudela 1807 - battle of friedland 1806 - battle of jena-auerstedt 1805 - battle of austerlitz 1800 - battle of hohenlinden 1800 - battle of marengo 1799 - second battle of zurich 1799 - battle of abukir 1799 - battle of mount tabor 1798 - battle of the pyramids 1797 - battle of rivoli 1797 - battle of diersheim 1796 - battle of the bridge of arcole 1796 - battle of castiglione 1796 - battle of lodi 1794 - battle of the vosges 1794 - battle of fleurus 1793 - siege of toulon 1792 - battle of valmy 1781 - battle of the chesapeake 1781 - battle of yorktown 1758 - battle of carillon 1757 - battle of hastenbeck 1747 - battle of lauffeld 1746 - battle of roucoux 1745 - battle of fontenoy 1744 - battle of toulon 1712 - battle of denain 1707 - battle of toulon 1707 - battle of almansa 1693 - battle of landen 1648 - battle of lens 1645 - battle of nordlingen 1643 - battle of rocroi 1544 - battle of ceresole 1515 - battle of marignano 1509 - battle of agnadello 1453 - battle of castillon 1450 - battle of formigny 1435 - battle of gerbevoy 1429 - siege of compiegne 1429 - battle of patay 1429 - battle of beaugency 1429 - battle of jargeau 1429 - siege of orleans 1421 - battle of bauge and the list goes on . 
  plenty to choose from . 
  i want to learn french because france is a beautiful country that i wish to travel a lot in , so in comes in handy , but it 's also one of the most important countries in european ( and world ) history , and there 's plenty of historical sources and authors i 'd like to read in original french . 
   what do you guys think of the people ? 
  the one who i 've dealt with have been friendly , polite and take respect extremely seriously . 
   governments ? 
  very conserative , authoritarian , undemocratic and very warlord-like . 
   ideologies ? 
  very backward and often downright medieval ideas and worldviews , hopefully they will become more open and accepting of change as the region stabilizes . 
   is there anything you like ? 
  the history is amazing , north africa and the middle east are the cradle of humanity , there 's thousands of years of history buried in the sands there , but war is destroying a lot of it and that makes me sad . 
   do n't understand ? 
  not really . 
  i am well aware of why the middle east is the way it is , so i understand the source of a lot of problems the region and the people have . 
  i do n't hold any prejudice towards them and judge them because of their ways , i merely pity them and hope they will change . 
  no it 's the pagan germanic patron god of construction and lukewarm apple cider . 
  whatever is left from yesterday 's dinner , warmed up in the microwave . 
  english is a bastard language that lures other languages into dark alleys , beats them up and robs their vocabulary . 
  i mean that 's still better than `` ik '' ( for this one you might cover as a berliner ) and `` spreke '' . 
  well , ch as k is very uncommon these days outside of dialects , so if you use a k you 'll probably be using the wrong one in 9 out of 10 cases . 
  wot ? 
  no one i know does that and it 'd be weird if the outlet came out of the wall if you just pull a plug . 
  that would n't meet building regulations and i 'd write a firmly worded letter to the bauleitung responsible for this . 
  i 'd say it 's hot dog 's less ambitious and less handsome brother from the countryside who only really cares about his truck . 
  depends on where they 're from , but a lot of foreigners have a huge problem pronouncing the `` ch '' sounds we have in german . 
  english speakers like to make a k/c out out of it ( reik instead of reich is the one i hear a lot when watching english documentaries ) although an sh sound is the better one to use if you ca n't pronounce it . 
  that only works for the voiceless palatal fricative though and not for the voiceless velar fricative of such words as `` auch '' or `` buch '' . 
  not dying in a pointless war with another european nation . 
  also [ rostwurst/bratwurst ] ( http://lchf-blog.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/rostbratwurst-mit-senf-01-500-400x266.jpg ), 
  exactly, 
  a shit ton of literature , theater , music and philosophy . 
   non-british europeans sorry , we do n't have a lot of those . 
  everyone talks about trump but the one thing i truly disdain about the us is the worship of the military and how many people are so completely fine with the us government going around the world overthrowing governments and bombing people 's homes . 
  i thought in my youthful naivety that after wwii we had realized that war is pretty shit . 
  not the us i suppose . 
  i do n't watch a lot of movies and know a lot of actors , so i do n't have many to pick from , and i do n't want to appropriate christopher waltz , so i 'm gon na go with king arthur ( the 2004 one with the romans qnd clive owen and keira knightly ) . 
  the son of the saxon king is till schweiger , one of the more known german actors and frankly the only one i know who starred in an american movie . 
  the war never ended on mallorca . 
  i 'm not sure what mallorca thinks of us . 
  it looks like shit . 
  our old town is tiny and everything else is just ugly concrete office buildings that look like someone shat a big pile of grey goo , shaped it into a rectangle and put windows in it . 
  not in my dreams, 
  marseille , beautiful french city that has the advantage of not being paris . 
  does it get your seal of approval ? 
  born in 1848 , too old to serve in ww1 when it comes around and will probably die before it starts . 
  i 'd get to live what is considered the golden age of germany , and see many cities in their original form , before being destroyed in world war 2 , so that would be pretty fun . 
  just hope i do n't die in any of the german unification wars . 
  and also because us cops have to assume that everyone has a gun and could end their life at any moment . 
  wilhelm tell here . 
  goethe 's faust pretty much always and everywhere . 
  well maybe you should 've made that clear in the body of your post , instead of asking a broad question in the title . 
  r/askhistorians is probably a better place to ask , if you want an actually scholarly answer . 
  also , your question is extremely broad and varies between aspects such as politically , socially , economically etc. 
  and each crusade had different effects , so you might wan na specify . 
   while i expected them to be loud , hot blooded mediterraneans well they do n't get much of that mediterranean , sitting on the atlantic coast all the time . 
  never , it 's all metric, 
  what, 
  i ask again , care to name any examples ? 
  am talking to a yank , have to use yank vocabulary . 
   france has n't had a great power conflict since . 
  which is a good thing . 
  welcome to the second half of the 20th century where europe is kinda tired of war . 
   and there 's no denying that they came up massively short in some really big situations . 
  such as ? 
  and why should they in the first place ? 
  the time of endless war is over , we 're done with that chapter of our history . 
  not having the greatest military track record post ww2 for a european nation is pretty meaningless . 
  it 's like calling a soccer player out for being bad at martial arts .
