  although it was poorly handled , it was the right , human thing to do and we will see it through . 
  l\u00fcbeck because i 'd love to live at the sea , and love walking through beautiful and historic town centers . 
  but anything with well preserved architecture and some nice churches would do really , since i really do n't like modern buildings . 
  too bad so many of our towns and cities got blasted to ash in ww2 . 
   hey / r/askeurope , why do n't you drink tap water like all of us americans ? 
   shouting because i 'm american  also because i 'm american . 
  you managed to cramb that in thrice in a single , 29 word title . 
  that 's impressive . 
  i 'm glad you 're out of the eu , good riddance , we can now enjoy our bubbly goodness in peace !, 
  you really got me there , i am literally left speechless with how little sense this comment made . 
  you win , i 'm out . 
  because you 're not nearly as subtle as you think you are . 
  we know what you 're trying to say there . 
  like any of these cliches , it 's not true , big surprise . 
  `` i hate gays '' `` i hate them more than you '' `` nuh uh '' `` ye-es '' `` i hate them double '' `` i hate them more than infidels '' `` woah '', 
  iron islands : iceland , denmark , norway , sweden - house greyjoy : danish branch of house wittelsbach the north : scotland - house stark : the bruces the riverlands : low countries , western germany the vale : alpine parts of northern italy/austria the crownlands : \u00cele-de-france - house targaryen : house of valois the westerlands : austria - house lannister : the habsburgs the reach : england - house tyrell : the tudors . 
  the stormlands : brittany dorne : southern spain - house martell : house of trast\u00e1mara, 
  my parents do it . 
  you go to the doctor , get a krankenschein , send it to your employer and the days the schein says you 're sick will not count toward your vacation days . 
  keep your hands to yourself , swampman . 
  thanks for making clear you were talking about munich germany , for a second there i thought you were talking about munich north dakota . 
  8 hours a day in a regular office job , with 30 guaranteed vacation days . 
  if you get sick during your vacation , the days you spent sick are not gon na get counted as vacation days . 
  unlikely in germany , since you will just be one of thousands of muslim immigrants . 
  people wo n't know if you 're a tourist or an immigrant and likely wo n't care . 
  unless you go to an afd rally and scream `` allahu akbar '' i do n't think anything will happen to you . 
  worst case you 're gon na get shouted at by some drunk neonazis in front of a bar at the other side of the street . 
  but that could happen to anyone except another neonazi . 
  i would think the same applies to any other country that have a sizable muslim community , like france or the netherlands . 
  i mean at least you will be much safer in europe that a european would be in mena , given the amount of european tourists who 've been killed there . 
  yes, 
  it 's colder at night than outside . 
  no because austrians are always so mean to us other germans when i just want to love them ; _ ; - - - - - - ... and annex them ... 
  sc2 : zerg total war napoleon : great britain total war shogun 2 : shimazu , fall of the samurai : satsuma total war rome 2 : parthia euiv : france , prussia civ v : venice , morocco sworn enemies : austria always needs to be annexed no matter who i am or what game it is . 
  i annex them even in starcraft . 
  need for what ? 
  link ? 
   mexicans is that a reference to the post on sas ? 
  when i was 14 , i had a girlfriend so i was a pretty happy young boy and did n't have time for something like that . 
  later , i was n't 14 anymore so i was too old to think like that . 
  well the dislike for those kind of americans is already pretty high here , if that 's what you 're referencing . 
  well that is embarassing , malta is so beautiful and rich in history !, 
  it 's an island that was owned by four empires , with almost as many churches as normal houses , who can claim that ? 
  are you implying americans even know that malta exists ? 
  'cause the recent news of it legalising gay marriage has taught me otherwise . 
  net neutrality means that all traffic on the internet is treated equally . 
  whether you browse youtube or watch pornhub , you stream netflix or post on t_d , no one can actively decrease or increase your speed depending on the services you 're using . 
  isps in america try to get rid of that , they want to implement ways to slow your connection to a crawl when using services of sites that are not under contract with them , so they can force you to either use their own services/those of the companies they 're contracted with , or make you pay extra just so you can use the other services with reasonable speed . 
  oh , i apologize for the misunderstanding , i should 've had trust in a fellow european . 
  sound familiar ? 
  why do you bamboozle this poor american so ? 
  even if all of the 15000 subscribers of this sub answered `` i only shower once a month '' that would n't be a great sample size for the whole of europe . 
  yeah but that 's public transport , there 's always a smelly bastard on the bus or in the metro , especially in summer . 
  you ca n't tell me america is any different . 
  you 're now up to five , that 's still not a very big sample size . 
   looks like an attila the hun rapebaby well that 's told me enough about your personality to not want to talk to you anymore , good day . 
   i figured it was a common enough stereotype no , this is the first time i 've heard anyone say that . 
  so now you 're two down , and only have 40 million more to go to prove your point . 
  so , you make the assumption that all german men look `` odd '' ( whatever that means for you ) compared to women based on one photo of an unphotogenic dude with some pretty girls ? 
  well , this question makes you look rather `` odd '' yourself . 
  [ well , i already did that meself ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kopiernudeln/comments/6bypur/navy_seal_kopiernudel_umgeschrieben_zur/ ) , sorry about that . 
  i 'd break it down to longstanding bakeries that often go back a century or more , where recipes and procedures were perfected over generations in a highly competitive environment and created a proud bakery tradition . 
  combine that with strict health regulations that dictate what ingredients you can and ca n't put into the dough and you get some top notch bread . 
  you 're right , it 's not strictly bread , as the essence of god himself is baked into every loaf . 
  dunno where the smelly europeans thing comes from , anyone who does n't shower daily gets very concerned looks around here . 
  hey , at least you tried !, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about german bread , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know that germany has the best bread in the world , and has the best quality and variety , and we have over 300 confirmed variants of bread . 
  our bakers are trained to uphold the highest standards in baking and are the top bakers in the entire world . 
  your bread is nothing to us , but just another saggy piece of wheat and flour . 
  we will fill you the fuck up with nutrition the like of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with insulting our bread over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting the zentralverband des deutschen b\u00e4ckerhandwerks e. v. across germany and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the breadstorm , maggot . 
  the breadstorm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call `` bread '' . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  our bread can be anywhere , anytime , and we can outbake you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with our bare hands . 
  not only are we extensively trained in dough-kneading but we have access to the entire wheat produce of the deutscher bauernverband and we will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable bread off the face of the food pyramid , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  we will shit flour all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  heresy !, 
  `` german bread is not that great '' . 
  there was this one guy who made a comment on some post saying `` germans are n't known for being subtle or poetic '' , now that really triggered me . 
  would n't the commonwealth countries be closer allies than the us ? 
  honestly i think england teaming up with france in ww1 was a bigger change , considering their rivalry went back to the norman conquest , while the franco-german emnity only went back to 1871 ( or jena-auerstedt , depending who you ask ), 
  falco was a few hundreds steps ahead of even the best current deutsch-rappers . 
  deutsch-rap is pretty popular among kids and young adults , although i personally think most of it is utter garbage . 
  those are the ones living on the western side of the bosphorus , they 're allowed . 
  at least where i live ( saarland ) what we call baguette and parisienne is not actually what the french call baguette and parisienne . 
  albania , no question . 
  it 's got a double headed eagle on it , that always wins in my book . 
  they can think whatever they want , as long as they pay taxes , work and do n't commit any crimes i do n't care . 
  if they want to have a say as to where their tax money goes and influence the country , they 'll have to become a citizen , which among other things requires the ability to speak german . 
  that in itself is already a compromise they 'll have to make . 
  then their children will have to go through the german school system and be exposed to german children and certain cultural values through the teachers , and their parents can control them all they want , something will stick around . 
  so over time , they will adapt , they will never fully assimilate without trying to , but they 'll speak the language , they 'll understand how germany works , and they ca n't reject all the little things that influence them every day in the country they live in . 
  if they will not accept something , their children may , or their children 's children . 
  as long as the german state offers sufficient aid for foreigners who are willing to assilimate , and the german people will forever face them with an open palm , then we are doing our part .
