   since we do n't live in the past , i find the jokes appropriate but ww2 and the franco-prussian war are also the past ? 
  what ? 
  yeah but those two are pretty far from reality . 
  ah yes , the `` france sucks at war '' trope . 
  about as good as the `` germans have no humour '' one . 
  not much is taught about it besides that it happened because of slavery and that the north won . 
  and that was only in the 11th grade , i dunno if any other school forms learn anything about it at all , since it 's not particularly important for us . 
  the american colonies proved to be much more trouble than they were worth for the british crown , considering they were nowhere near any trade routes between established production centres and getting them to be one on their own would be a giant investment . 
  india on the other hand was right in the middle of both land and sea trade routes of asia , where most of the coffee , tea , spices , silk , porcelain and other goods flowed through and a place of great riches and production capabilities itself . 
  losing control of india was certainly the bigger loss . 
  i beat my wife . 
  and by wife i mean my penis . 
  and by beat i mean masturbate . 
  i masturbate . 
  i lived in a monastery in the swedish mountains and trained for 15 years , they taught me many things such as how to seize every opportunity to insult a dane . 
  i 'd consider living in denmark my lowest point too . 
  i saw one of those videos of goats screaming like humans , and i always had trouble spelling the word `` fabulous '' in english class , so i put the two together . 
  in what dialect ? 
  never heard of that . 
  i 'm going to assume it would be under the leadership of god-empress merkel , so i 'd blast the k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tzer marsch at full volume to hail the coming of the fourth reich . 
  see can still mean sea , as in nordsee and ostsee for example, 
  our word for mobile phone is handy . 
  quite a different meaning than in english ... 
  lots of kebab shops and grocery/phone/asian goodies shops and with turkish or arabic names . 
  lots of sisha bars . 
  lots of turkish or arabic being shouted around on the street , lots of cars blasting loud ghetto music . 
  lots of young people with the same hairstyle and attire , lots of old men with beards or mustaches and leather jackets , lots of women wearing hijabs walking around with enormous bags full of groceries and other supplies . 
  that 's about what v\u00f6lklingen looks like , we like to call it v\u00f6lkdanbul or little istanbul . 
  wow mate you have missed a lot . 
  the dutch had colonies in indonesia , so maybe that 's why . 
  because large chunks of our male population died in world war 2 , so we had to import workers from other countries to help rebuild the country and start our economy again . 
  many of them came from turkey . 
  the afd has essentially fallen apart and has trouble with infighting and clear goals , i do n't even know what they 're campaigning for right now . 
  in the wake of king carrot , people have gotten a bit disillusioned and the afd has n't performed well in polls . 
  they still make up a pretty decently sizes opposition party though , but no one wants to work with them so i do n't know what they 'll actually be able to achieve with seats in parliament . 
  i 'm sure muh moosleems are the only reason you ca n't find a girlfriend . 
  von [ name of place ] denotes that you are lord of that place and therefore nobility . 
  if 8 billion people only followed the principle of `` me above all '' , humanity would die out . 
  we are here today because of generations of people dedicating their life to their community , sacrificing much , often even their lives to ensure its survival . 
  the world wo n't be made a better place by people who are only interested in their own fortune . 
  not everyone needs to go to africa and go help the children survive , but each and everyone can contribute by simply trying to improve the lives of those immediately around them , and being able to subject ones own needs to those of the many . 
  and individualism goes firmly against that , and that does n't sit well with me . 
  not to my liking , for reasons mentioned here aplenty . 
  too individualistic , decentralised , government-opposing and ultra-capitalist . 
  yeah everyone knows him , if only from his ing diba tv ads , but few know or care about what he 's actually doing most of the time in the nba, 
  it has a niche following , that 's about it . 
  people were using sarcasm before america was even a thing , lad . 
  erdogan has pretty much eradicated any chances that might have existed . 
  the life of frederik the great would make a damn good hollywood movie . 
  it has everything you need : tragedy , heroism , conflict , emotion and even comedy , and with frederik a main character who is forced into a position he does not want by his father , but excels in it regardless and becomes one of history 's most legendary figures . 
  it could show the other side of what being a monarch was about , besides living a life in splendour and luxury : having a duty to your people . 
  please ... ? 
   you need to follow in my footsteps and get the free education in europe that they 're graciously handing to us . 
  well in the case of germany , you 'll need to be fluent in german on an academic level and be prepared to work your ass off for the next 4 years , with little to no outside help and no hand-holding at all . 
  dunno if you can consider that `` free '' . 
  wow spoilers man, 
  for my town they sound every first saturday of the month . 
  if they sound at any other point in time , something has happened and you should probably turn on the radio . 
  most likely thing to have happened is the french blew up their nuclear plant at cattenom , which is close . 
  a wretched hive of scum and villany . 
  on a serious note , i have the same opinion about it that i have about dubai : building a city in the middle of the desert without any natural resources that justify that position and filling it with expensive funky looking buildings is a pretty good metaphor for capitalism . 
  i am saving myself so my father can marry me to the daughter of the prince of orl\u00e9ans and secure an alliance with france . 
  he 'd be considered a run of the mill , pretty lightweight social democrat , although his lengthy political history could make him a fairly favourable chancellor candidate . 
   given the constant terrorist attacks til the new definition of constant is less than 5 in the span of a year . 
  no party would dare touch the healthcare system . 
  bismarck would sooner rise from the grave . 
  that 's the funniest out of them all . 
  good , i 'm glad you 're aware of that . 
  there 's about as much of a chance to be involved in a terror attack in europe as there is to be involved in a shooting in the us . 
  the world is dangerous , but beautiful and you should n't deny yourself the discovery out of fear . 
   i am fully aware that there is terrorism hysteria wot ? 
  most of the `` hysteria '' about terrorism is coming from american media . 
  i do n't see a lot of hysteria coming from respectable european news outlets . 
  [ it looks more like this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a4nderfinanzausgleich#/media/file:laenderfinanzausgleich.png ), 
   \u00bf this, 
  well the impression for americans and british i got not from real life experience and more from the internet by listening to podcasts , watching youtubers and documentaries . 
  for example in the wake of battlefield 1 people such as levelcap ( american ) and jackfrags ( british ) did videos on the guns in the game , a lot of them with german names and it just sounded hilarious , although jackfrags did a better job at getting close to the actual pronounciations . 
  when you watch english documentaries about the world wars it can also be funny when they throw in german words and names for things and then try to pronounce them . 
  i love watching the great war on youtube but the host , indie , has some really hilarious ways to pronounce the names of german commanders or strategies . 
  then i also have some american friends online who i get to say some german words once in a while and they really trip over their own tounges a lot . 
  i have a french-american friend who speaks english with an american accent , but has been living in france since he was 14 and therefore also speaks fluent french and learns german in school , so whenever he speaks german , he goes into french mode and the outcome is quite amusing , but less rough compared to the british and american attempts . 
  i live in the saarland , so i do get some frenchies from time to time and plenty of turks , but are too far south and west to see a lot of poles and russians . 
  the turks are young turks ( kek ) who 've been born here and been speaking german since the start , and while they do have a certain way of talking , it 's not really noticable to me anymore . 
  i dunno , our dialects are hilarious but i do n't know any that i think sound legitimately `` nice '' . 
  going outside i 'd say the french , they just have a softer tone for everything and when they butcher pronounciations it sounds adorable whereas the english just butcher it outright . 
  sadly i have n't had the opportunity to hear any other nationalities attempt to speak german . 
  rammstein for obvious reasons . 
  it 's not your politics or politicians , it 's the people being ignorant of the world outside the us and patriotism based on things that are n't even true that make americans look dumb . 
  some of these people sadly are also your politicans so that makes you look twice as dumb . 
  i mean , i have an american friend that i had to explain to that vienna was not a city in italy . 
  she also could n't point out france , germany and the uk on a map . 
  so there you go . 
  especially with reddit , you can easily put your opinion on the internet and many americans use that to showcase their ignorance and stupidity . 
  it 's why we have r/shitamericanssay . 
  what kind of picture do you think i paint for myself of americans when i read that germany is an islamic hellhole on a daily basis ? 
  south korea or japan, 
  politically , bad . 
  i do n't really know anything in american politics that i 'd like to have here . 
  culturally , we already watch their movies and watch their tv shows , and have their fast food chains over there . 
  i do n't mind any of that , but i also do n't think that there 's any more `` american culture '' to come .
