  hardcore platt or bavarian are impossible to understand and need subtitles on tv , same for schwitzerd\u00fctsch ( switzerland german ) , and if you let a dialect go rampant then you get dutch . 
  besides those extreme examples , dialects are especially nowadays not as strong anymore and you can easily understand the locals , even if they throw in vocabulary or pronounciations you 're not familiar with . 
  that damn saupreissn, 
  martin luther 's translation of the bible into german was a major step toward the conception of a unified german dialect , therefore his dialect of obers\u00e4chsisch laid the foundation for modern high german , although it was a long process with many influences later on . 
  we watched quite a few movies with audrey tautou in french class , and not a single did n't show her boobs or butt on some occasion . 
  you 're adorable . 
  there also seems to be a kind of rule that every german movie needs to show a pair of titties for an extended amount of time on screen . 
  i guess it 's to make up for how bad they are . 
  oh so that 's why the province is called toledo in eu4 ... 
  but where are we going to accumulate points for bad driving then ? 
  no not really , we are essentially unbreakable , such is the nature of warfare . 
  we 'll descend on them like screaming eagles in a massive counterstrike , we 'll resist and bite and soon the last battle will be fought and we 'll be back in control . 
  can you hear it , the angels calling ? 
  this will be our last stand !, 
  in the heart of the holy see ... 
  in the home of christianity ... see the power is in danger !, 
  there 's a foe of a thousand souls they 've been abandoned by their lords their fall from grace will pave their path to damnation !, 
  she was n't worthy of you then anyway . 
  same here . 
  i 'm pretty good at reading and writing in english but if i 'm reading charles dickens or t.e. 
  lawrence , or even tolkien when he goes on a food description rampage , i 'll have to slow down and start looking up words . 
  j'adore la france, 
  ca n't speak for my entire country , of course , but in my circle of friends and family americans and america have never been held in high esteem , and recent developments have not improved that . 
  most of that boils down to the overexposure of your culture to us through the media , so that for many it loses its magic and essentially becomes `` european but without the individual nuance of european cultures '' . 
  it 's familiar enough to not be completely foreign , but weird in many ways that many not necessarily find attractive . 
  american society is viewed as highly individualist , which is an ideology that is not that popular in germany . 
  not a fan of big ass cloaks , i 'm more of a fan of these winter mantles that go to your boots , nicely secured by a fancy belt . 
  fair enough , i only meant it as a metaphor for how good they looked though . 
  i simply like uniforms from a cosmetic perspective , especially those with special historical significance . 
  well , is n't fetish implying that it 's sexual ? 
  that winter gear gives the uniform-enthusiast in me a raging boner . 
  - i go to the doctor the same in german and austrian . 
  kek . 
  you uni folk are an odd bunch , very well , today i learnt . 
  i have n't been to uni , that 's why it 's such a weird notion to me . 
  why not just clap ? 
  but that 's the whole point . 
  we 're so sick of war that we now strive to keep peace between us . 
  it really is a uni thing then , interesting . 
  wow so when you go to uni you travel 100 years back to a time when knocking on the table was still a thing . 
  well i sure hope the discussions about the potential geopolitical tensions caused by colonial ambitions of the kaiser are interesting . 
   in some places ( like the uni ) , you applaud by knocking the desk . 
  while shouting `` h\u00d6rt h\u00d6rt !, 
  '' , adjusting your hat and lighting a cigar ? 
  i 've never heard or seen anyone do that unironically . 
  yes , it 's mostly the yanks but it still rustles my jimmies . 
  well , the only places that have a m\u00fcller are at least a 30 minute drive away , that 's quite a ride for some beef jerky . 
  yes , us piefkes and sauprei\u00dfens do not like to be mistaken for bavarians . 
  i find it rather offensive if a person assumes all germans wear lederhosen and drink beer . 
  germany has great regional identities and essentially calling all of us bavarians is * very * insensitive , because no one wants to be a bavarian , except bavarians and they already are bavarian so they do n't count . 
  the other thing that rustles my jimmies is the whole nazi thing , because the second world war erased , or at least overshadows all other parts of the incredibly rich german history , so that most people only know us as the country that made the nazis , and hardly anything about the 2000 + years prior to that . 
  i live in the saarland , we do n't really have a lot of * anything * here , at least i 've never seen any beef jerky in supermarkets . 
  i always wanted to try beef jerky , it sounds pretty tasty and rather convenient as a snack on the road . 
  desire for peace . 
  januar februar m\u00e4rz april mai juni juli august september oktober november december, 
   because my friend was saying how it should be `` ha\u00dft '' . 
  not since the reform . 
  the whole rammstein - du hast thing is rather confusing to foreigners as translations wary between `` you hate '' and `` you have '' , because in german those words only differ by the addition of an s : `` du hasst - du hast '' . 
  which is what the song plays at , you do n't know what he 's singing until the chorus . 
  erdogan that merkel and all germans are still nazis . 
  top kek . 
  germany violated a lot of things , a lot of them more physical and tangible than a thing such as political neutrality . 
  when a country slaughters millions of civilians in an effort to eradicate an entire group of people , then the violation of a treaty is probably at the bottom of the list of crimes . 
  why belgium specifically ? 
  poland , france , the netherlands , russia , czechia , slovakia and plenty of other countries could be asked that question . 
  the rape of belgium pales in comparison to what other countries suffered at the hand of imperial , and more so nazi germany , as cynical as this sounds . 
  that 's mean . 
  that is what i said , whether it sounds like an s or a z to you depends on your language . 
  and yes , a d is closer to the correct pronounciaton , but a lot of germans still do the s thing by attempting to do a th sound and failing . 
  illegal , if you 're caught , you get fined . 
  however it 's awfully difficult to track somebody so the chances that you get caught downloading some movies or games illegally are rather slim . 
  but it does happen to some unlucky individuals from time to time . 
  socially it 's not much of a deal , cracking and torrenting is rather widespread among those that know how the internet works ( it 's neuland for us all , after all ) , and those that do n't know do n't understand it or care anyway . 
  pronouncing the v like an f , the th like an s and mixing in random german words like ja or nein into the sentences for no reason . 
  i live in an area with a sizable muslim population , so rather often . 
  it 's mostly older women , few young women or girls wear it . 
  that it is strong . 
  if you want to change your name in order to avoid far-right extremism , you 'll need to change your look , style and accent as well , else it will be easy to tell that you 're arabian/turkish/kurdish, 
  i 'm sure southern europeans will rip their hair out over our coffee culture . 
  heresy , sprudel is the only way to drink water . 
  i hereby revoke your status as a german . 
  the gestapo will be at your door within the hour . 
  france . 
  i already live 2km from the border in a state heavily influenced by french culture , so i 'd have no problem integrating into france . 
  i learned that that 's just the polite form of it . 
  je ne comprends pas . 
  japan or south korea , maybe even china in the hong kong area . 
  `` oh , so bavaria ? '', 
  is probably a likely response . 
  in german everyone says `` holland '' although the nation is called `` die niederlande '' . 
  austrians , they seem to have a few things figured out that we do n't . 
  i think in the eu we all value peace and cooperation between the nations . 
  kevin has literally become an insult in my age group , it 's hilarious . 
  i do n't think many people in this country know of sikhs , there 's not many ways to learn about them . 
  that said , muslims in turbans are almost as uncommon as sikhs , and therefore people will probably come to the conclusion that at least you 're not a local muslim . 
  putin does n't though . 
  sure , while we 're at it , we can start worshipping wodan again . 
  we can call it germanic empire and take in the scandinavians too . 
  pan-germanic union works too if empire is too imposing for you . 
  they 're both called europa , but it becomes very clear by context whether you 're talking about a moon of the planet jupiter or the continent .
