  once you have the theoretics set out , it only takes a small stone to set great events in motion . 
  see french revolution . 
  people are able to go through great change in a short amount of time , contrary to popular belief . 
  constants are eu4 , guild wars 2 and battlefield one . 
  on my list of games to finish are my second playthrough of the witcher 3 ( still have n't played blood and wine ) , tyranny , pillars of eternity , grim dawn and darkest dungeon , i also wan na start up skyrim some time again . 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  not talking about skinheads specifically , just the amount of political extremists on all sides and their obsession with race . 
  thousands is not a lot inside a country with 80 million people . 
  no , it 's not a common opinion , it 's an extremist nutjob opinion that saw a little surge because of recent events , but will likely fall again once things settle down . 
  also , we have no concept for white supremacy , because there is no `` white '' in europe . 
  slavs are white , germanics are white , mediterraneans are white . 
  extremists are mostly nationalist , they want only people that are of their nation 's descent to live in that country . 
  and these lines grow ever blurrier as generations of migrants continue to live here . 
  so no need to get your nukes out , there wo n't be a nazi germany again . 
  the us is much more likely to turn extremist than any european nation . 
  especially since you guys have much more problems with racism than we do . 
  or time . 
  the literary and lingual legacy and the language itself . 
  so many great poets and writers , and there is so much a skilled writer can do with the german language . 
  we have gained `` diplomatic insult '' casus belli against bravasphotos they have insulted us !, 
  duke of burgundy dies  these lands belong to us, 
   what happens if the monarch dies with people in line for the throne but his wife is pregnant with a to-be heir ? 
  regency council 0/1/0  also what would happen in general if the monarch died without an heir ? 
  they form a personal union with a country they have a royal marriage with . 
  heidelberg also has quite the historical legacy . 
  a slice of a knife to the throat and the blood turns to ice . 
  the german revolutions of 48/49 the rise of prussia and founding of the german empire . 
  because there is more to german history than ww1 and muh nazis . 
  chocolate brownie pizza , naturally had an american flag and statue of liberty on the box . 
  which makes me invade poland and release teutonic order as a vassal every game , even when i 'm playing japan . 
  throne , through or any words with thr . 
  god i just ca n't do that without sounding like an absolute idiot . 
  that some new band ? 
  the past has taught us that if you give too much power to a single person then 10 years later 73 million people are dead, 
  i 'm 3 % nordic , 6 % polish , 11 % bohemian czech , 25 % potato german , 5 % cherokee princess , 7 % peanut butter and 43 % freedom !, 
  many european countries have experienced a rise in right-wing movements for the last 2 years . 
  that 's basic political awareness really . 
  talking to strangers on a bus . 
  no need to disprove anything that does n't have proof . 
  what i learned from the great war : conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf was worse than hitler before hitler became hitler . 
  maths , programming , chemistry, 
  tf you need german subtitles on german tv for somebody speaking german, 
  greece lived under ottoman rule for 400 years , but the more recent persecution of anatolian greeks during wwi is a big stain on their history . 
  to understand the pain one has to feel the pain, 
  it would be without the french, 
  it 's a set of values , among them tolerance and solidarity as you said , but also freedom of press , personal liberty and progressiveness, 
  i 'd like to learn all the germanic languages , so dutch , danish , swedish and norwegian . 
  i find polish and czech history and culture very interesting so those two are lucrative as well . 
  until ww2 france still had colonies in africa and the maghreb , so that 's where all the french black people come from . 
  we have quite a few polish and turkish players because those are the biggest ethnicities of immigrants in germany . 
  every sunday morning across the border to buy baguette . 
  frankly it 's only 3km away . 
  my 2000 $ gaming setup . 
  i 'm looking to become a police officer myself , so i can let you in on what i know until the experts arrive . 
   what i want to know is if there 's anything else i need to prepare for ? 
  there 's a theoretic test that evaluates your german , math , general knowledge of germany and whether your mentality is fitting of a cop . 
  then there 's also a sport test that 's rather tough , so if you 're not fit , better start working out now . 
  you 'll need endurance , speed and strength , as well as being able to swim . 
   the english language is one of my best talents . 
  not a very unique talent . 
  a lot of young people in germany are able to speak english . 
  be aware that you 'll need to finish 3 years of police school before you become a full cop . 
  in germany you 're sometimes referred to as the grande nation . 
  i dunno , having a kaiser again would be kinda neat , just for representative stuff of course . 
  but i 'm a history nerd , i live in the past so i 'm in a very small minority here i think . 
  you do n't want a jagellion ? 
  it will give you a free pu over lithuania . 
  `` the threat of terrorism '' what is that even supposed to mean , how would that reflect on every day life ? 
  increased police activity in crowded places ? 
  you looking suspiciously at every bearded man ? 
  nazis shouting nazi things on the streets against muslims ? 
  there are twice as many reports of fatal car crashes than of terrorist attacks . 
  you can count the amount of such attacks this year on one hand . 
  living in fear , fear reflecting on our politics and fearmongering in the media is exactly what terrorists want , despite their cases being isolated and low in fatalities compared to regular crimes and accidents . 
  by not traveling to a western country because `` muh terrorism '' and `` muh shakira law '' , you 're helping them achieve their goal . 
  r/germany also sees a lot of foreigners asking if germany is a safe place to travel to . 
  the renaissance, 
  if france and germany can be friends , anyone can . 
  electorate of bohemia , how about that . 
  you 're a kurf\u00fcrst now . 
  hon hon hon elan baguette oh the horror, 
  hail to the kaiser !, 
  looks like europe in my [ eu4 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/ ) game when i play prussia . 
  since old pagan germanic mythology is the origin of nordic mythology , it 's probably the same story that two tree trunks washed up on the shore and were fashed into human bodies by the gods , and they became the first humans . 
  records of germanic mythology are scarce though , since the germanic tribes did n't write . 
  handball i 'd say . 
  ask the bavarians , they 'll want to call the rest of us `` sauprei\u00dfn '' . 
  that 's how i learned it in history class at least . 
  simple , if you have white skin , you have white culture , at least to americans . 
  show them a spaniard and tell him he 's spanish , their heads will explode because he has white skin but he 's a latino in their definition . 
  you ever heard of the migration period ? 
  it 's pretty badass , text a little too aggressive for modern times in my opinion though . 
  sings the marseillaise at random intervals . 
  very interesting !, 
  * gro\u00dfe and i do n't think the nazis called themselves nazis . 
  europe is occupied by the us since wwii ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s so yeah, 
  who or what is prussia, 
  wow that 's pretty weak then . 
  the french revolution is a topic that warrants whole books to properly lay out the landscape , motivations , causes , events and aftermath . 
  yeah well nobody likes the jackobiner but the permanent effect it had on the rest of europe is rather positive .
