  same, 
  well ever since the end of ww2 austria is n't really adressed when speaking of `` german '' stuff , and as far as i 've observed they do n't like it when you do , either . 
  they 're austrian now . 
  if we 'd talk about territory that the holy roman empire lost , which would be unfair since it was never really a country , then we 'd have to add northern italy and spain , too . 
  silesia and prussia were before bismarck , but i would n't count austrian tyrol toward germany 's lost territories . 
  the schleswig-holsteiners resolved their question themselves , the way elsass-lothringen should 've been decided too , by letting the people there decide themselves . 
  then again the danish-german border was a way less contested thing , since what 's denmark gon na do to the german empire ? 
  and the netherlands ? 
  they were lost to themselves , goddamn swamp people . 
  `` look at me i talk funny german i want my own country now '' . 
  well i guess that 's because elsass and alsace are very similar an pronounciation but lorraine and lothringen are not , so i do n't mix them up . 
  no , they 're not an issue . 
   an effective version of the eu  effective kek, 
  you know , i was thinking he was one of those enlightened turks who realized erdogan is crazy and dangerous , he just worded the question poorly . 
  with that post history though , and a name like stronglikeaturk , by saying `` irrepressible rise of erdogan and turks in europe '' he actually means exactly that . 
  i did n't know you could be that deluded to think erdogan is actually making turkey stronger , even as a regular on r/shitamericanssay . 
  [ me_irl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4wy-fhbarw#t=9m15s ), 
  yeah right now , we do n't know how long that conflict will last and it 's still offically syrian land so if the conflict ends and erdogan has annexed it in the meantime , that 'd sound like trouble . 
  but is n't assad an ally of putin ? 
  would n't that basically remove the only potential ally for erdogan ? 
  well we can hardly do much about the rise of erdogan within his own country . 
  if he goes full putin and starts stirring up border disputes , he 'll probably get economic sanctions just as russia is , but with greece and bulgaria being actual members of the eu i do n't know how the eu would react to erdogan putting his dirty little hands on greek or bulgarian clay . 
  i 've got the number of the 7th panzer division , do n't make me call it . 
  you want another k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tz , is that it ?!, 
  * adjusts pickelhaube *, 
  `` german bread is mediocre '' - any country in the world casus belli : diplomatic insult . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about german bread , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know that germany has the best bread in the world , and has the best quality and variety , and we have over 300 confirmed variants of bread . 
  our bakers are trained to uphold the highest standards in baking and are the top bakers in the entire world . 
  your bread is nothing to us , but just another saggy piece of wheat and flour . 
  we will fill you the fuck up with nutrition the like of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with insulting our bread over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting the zentralverband des deutschen b\u00e4ckerhandwerks e. v. across germany and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the breadstorm , maggot . 
  the breadstorm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call `` bread '' . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  our bread can be anywhere , anytime , and we can outbake you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with our bare hands . 
  not only are we extensively trained in dough-kneading but we have access to the entire wheat produce of the deutscher bauernverband and we will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable bread off the face of the food pyramid , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  we will shit flour all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  i have no idea what kind of message this is supposed to be sending . 
  if i was gon na take it super seriously , its throwing together stereotypes of britain and france , sometimes decades outdated , under the term `` european '' and i guess arguing that males from european countries are n't so `` masculine '' and `` act like men '' as those from whatever country the creators of the song are from . 
  dunno where that idea comes from though . 
  but it 's rather silly and well sung so i find it decently enjoyable , even if the lyrics make no sense . 
  i do n't remember much of primary school , besides the usual trouble . 
  i was a real trouble maker , a class clown , always fooling around and being annoying for the teachers . 
  the first middle school was n't great for me , the teachers were n't really competent and did n't know how to deal with me , so they said i had adhd . 
  i was getting into serious trouble and the other kids started to avoid me and it would 've only gone downhill from there had n't my mother pulled me out in the middle of 6th grade . 
  then i went to a school with better teachers . 
  i was still troublesome but the teachers were more patient with me , tried to help me and saw what i was good in . 
  in terms of friends i did n't really click with anybody really , everything was really very mild friendship . 
  in 10th grade , everyone who stayed ( as opposed to leaving after 9th grade , german school system stuff ) was bunched up into three new classes from the original six and i was added to the sports guy class . 
  me , not being particularly sporty but still enthusiastic and physical , was scared at first but the first day the tutor of the class , herr schiffler , which was previously only my german teacher , a very chill and nice guy , had the boys play sports and the girls cook to get everyone to know each other . 
  i was always a pretty good goalie in football and handball ( mainly because i have good reactions thanks to video games , and ca n't run for long thanks to videogames ) and i earned my respect that day . 
  later we all ate together and i overheard the sporty guys talking about league of legends , which i was deeply into at the time . 
  from there it just went constant uphill , the sporty guys were incredibly fun , respecting , mature and really welcomed me , it was the first time in my life i felt accepted and liked . 
  they were always joining in on my shenanigans and did plenty of their own that they invited me into . 
  this whole surge in confidence that this provided for me even made the girls like me way more and i was on pretty good terms with girls who i thought were way to cool and pretty to even talk to me . 
  but as such things go , it could n't last . 
  at the end of the 10th grade my grade in physics was n't good enough for me to stay and do my abitur at this school , so i had to go to a secondary high school . 
  there , everyone already had their friends and cooperation and comradery was strictly professional and self-benefitial . 
  i , being the insecure guy that i am , was n't able to keep up contact with the people from my old school , and neither was i able to join any circles at the new one . 
  i did n't manage to get my abitur there , which left me pretty depressed for the last 7 months . 
  but i 'll do a voluntary year starting in september and then go study somewhere away from here , meet new people , maybe , hopefully . 
  alrighty then, 
  so germany is a nation of hypocrites ? 
  that 's a pretty strong emotion to have toward such abstract things . 
   despise germany yo who hurt you, 
  south korea cause they 're 10 years ahead of us technologically . 
  well the uk is a different story , they had been an established entity with a constitutional monarchy for centuries prior and were doing quite well for themselves . 
  they were also on the winning side in the world wars . 
  historic background really , the countries who do n't have monarchies today are the ones who had a tumultuous road to democracy . 
  such as germany and austria , both on the losing side of world war 1 , had monarchies that proved to be utterly incompetent in leading their country in such a difficult time , and were violently abolished , in austria nobility is even outlawed . 
  same with russia . 
  in the case of france they even had two more goes at it after their revolution , and that did n't work out either . 
  the countries that still have monarchies in europe today are largely those who did n't spend large parts of the 20th century blasting each other out of existence , or who were reasonably stable for the last 200 years . 
  nurses for hospitals and retirement homes . 
  as things that exist and are pleasant to have in your backyard in summer , if you can afford them . 
  public swimming pools are one of the main places to hang out for pretty much every age group during summer . 
  it 's an artifical body of water for people to enjoy , i do n't see much ground for diverse discussion here . 
  well for example the thing about the no-go zones is just blatantly false , that 's a fact . 
  oh it 's that easy ? 
  okay let me try : 1864 worst year of my life gib back flensbourg, 
  do n't be the ignorant dumb american we all hate and ask super stupid questions like `` is hungary a warzone ? '', 
  or constantly compare the country you 're in to america . 
  maybe you should pay less attention to what the political spectrums are saying and more to what is factually true , so you can form your own opinion . 
  i mean yeah , it 's their own fault really . 
  i 'm just saying that they could recover their reputation if they wanted to and tried . 
  i mean germans committed atrocities far worse than any terrorist could even attempt to , and modern germans are n't ( at least popularly ) viewed as nazi monsters still . 
  so i think if we can recover our reputation , so can anyone else , as long as as they try . 
  the thing with roma people is ; they do n't try , and they actively do things to reinforce the negative views . 
   poorest berlin  undeveloped still berlin, 
  * starts blaring lion of the north at full volume * gustavus adolphus, 
  some will stay , some will go . 
  the majority of them are war refugees , being driven out of their home against their will . 
  moving to a completely different country to stay there permanently takes a lot of willpower that most of them wo n't have , and even if they think about the many things that are better here , they 'll still rather just be at home . 
  the ones who stay will either integrate or form a minority like the turks and resist integration for a couple of generations until their resistance is eroded away and they 'll embrace their new identity . 
  no matter what sick fantasy the degenerated white power internet crusaders masturbate to , germany wo n't turn into a caliphate because we let in a couple million refugees , that will then have to be liberated by the proud men of christianity .
