but muh free speech ? 
  of course he 's hestitant to condemn his voters . 
   does it shock you that this happens in us ? 
   does racial tension like this exist in your own country ? 
  not to this extent . 
  yes , unless you rate cultural diversity by skin colour diversity , which is what many americans do . 
  yeah , and that 's why i 'm saying that from today 's perspective people are n't okay with that type of philosophy anymore , and a golden age for europe would be something different for us than back then . 
  alright , but what if you do n't want to be an athlete ? 
  why do you have to be an athlete , why do you have to compete with all the other athletes to prove who 's the best ? 
  what if you just want to read a book ? 
  okay . 
  not dying is still objectively better than dying in most cases , and having way more children grow up to be educated and help change the world instead of them being thrown into the meatgrinder of life is also better . 
  no , not talking militarily here . 
  mostly socially , economically and technologically . 
  when all nations of europe work towards common prosperity and a bright future together , that 's the europe i 'm dreaming of . 
  ah yes the glory days when women and children died in child birth and men worked 12 hours in factories where safety was n't part of the dictionary . 
  europe has ways to go before it can demonstrate it 's capabilities as a continent of nations working in tandem . 
  if that point is ever reached then europe would be well within what could be considered a golden age . 
  yeah , i 'm strictly going from a geographical standpoint here . 
  well , since skane is swedish these days , you do n't hold enough territory on the scandinavian mainland to be considered northern , same with turkey and european . 
  you 're the bridgeway . 
  germany , austria , poland , czechia , slovakia , switzerland , lichtenstein , denmark . 
  the smartassery is appreciated , but everyone here knows that by america , we mean the united states of america and by american we mean u.s. american . 
  anything from rammstein , really . 
  they are nice . 
  yup , that 's a gulagin ', 
  denying the excellency of german bread, 
  damn i 'm on someones list already ... 
  nope i do n't , i love just walking around in well preserved cities and towns , sadly i live in a buttugly town where the old town is one street and a market place . 
  ca n't wait to move somewhere prettier . 
   i think its clear to say americans have relized trump is not the great president he claims to be . 
  what do people outside of the us think of him ? 
  does anybody think that trump has been doing a good job ? 
  he 's an incompetent , childish bambling buffoon . 
  he 's sexist , stupid and dangerous . 
  harldy fit for a leader of any country . 
   america has always said its the top superpower in the world . 
  do other counrties look up to it as the gaurdian , like our country so often seems , helping out any country in need ? 
  that might 've been the case after ww2 and the initial periods of the cold war , but i 'd say as early as vietnam is when the reputation of the us started to deteriorate . 
   does the rest of the world realy think kim wont stop untill the states are destoryed , and theres nothing we can do to stop this crazy man , or do people more just think america is the one pushing their buttons and blowing this out of proportion ? 
  the north korea situation is a complex issue and trump is n't smart enough to handle it . 
  i 'm more scared of what trump might do than what kim might do . 
   what really is like the general outside veiw of the world on america in general ? 
  is it a nice place to live , do we have our shit together , and are we a country worth looking up to ? 
  no one i know looks up to the us in most regards . 
  we like the nature and certain aspects of the american attitude , and see the us as a good place to live if you have a good job and want to get richer , but for most people that 's not a reality so they 'd rather stay here . 
   what does the rest of the world believe about aliens and the exsistance of life other than that of earth ? 
  have they been here before ? 
  are they here now ? 
  i think its impossiboe to say that no other life exsists and i fully believe there are other things out there , and that they have been here . 
  that 's a highly individual question and not tied to countries so not quite the point of the subreddit . 
  yeah . 
  even if you do n't like football and ca n't understand the notion of 22 men chasing a ball , you 've got to acknowledge and appreciate what this sport does for so many cultures across the globe . 
  it 's amazing . 
  the entire country comes together , random people are singing and dancing together and hugging each other in the streets at night . 
  it 's amazing what football can do . 
  `` stable '' is kind of pushing it , especially with emperors like caligula and nero , and during the last few centuries you had a bunch of soldier emperors who just disposed of each other by marching their legions into rome . 
  the last phases of the republic were n't nice either , with basically constant civil war . 
  and how would that work ? 
  ( yes i called her doctor jones as often as possible ) i hope whenever she showed you something you said `` that belongs in a museum ! '', 
   and football the most important one . 
  just yesterday i rewatched 2014 world cup compilations < 3, 
  did you know they are going to name a vegetable after him to honour his legacy ? 
  150 is a long ass time in modern history . 
  2 world wars happened in the last 100 . 
   do europeans ever think of it this way ? 
  no , not really . 
  civil war is a thing that can happen at any time in a country that 's doing badly , and it 's something that has occured throughout history in many countries in some form or another . 
   do the words `` american civil war '' ever sound a bit strange or surreal to you ? 
  the usa being a young nation and a backwater in the 19th century makes the civil war just look like a conflict in a nation that had plenty of maturing and structuring to do anyway , and it was only a matter of time before things got violent . 
  it 's natural progression . 
   does this dark bit of our history make any difference in the way you look at america ? 
  plenty of dark bits that influence my view of america . 
  fighting a civil war to resolve issues is not one of them . 
   does it ever make it hard to trust our leadership when we 're still not fully recovered internally from our own problems ? 
  look , that was 150 years ago . 
  ww2 was 70 years ago and we 've mostly recovered from that , both politically and economically . 
  if any issues in the us are * still * dated back to the civil war , then i 'd be really concerned with the efficiency of your government . 
  the bread culture, 
  i have never in my life heard somebody pronounce a v like a w no matter how fast they talked . 
  that 'd be fonderlion . 
  our v is not the english v. 
  from federal minister for family affairs , senior citizens , women and youth to federal minister of labour and social affairs to federal minister of defence to chancellor . 
  quite the career path . 
   wonderlion who ? 
  berlin was bombed to dust and split apart for half a century . 
  why is it ( again ) our capital ? 
  did you recite the bread copy-pasta ? 
  nothing i was surprised by , always nice to get to know some of your neighbours ' ways better . 
  i was just making a joke mate . 
  the people who want us to believe that muslims are the cause of all our problems are not very successful , judging by the result of the regional elections . 
  calm down there mel gibson . 
  and put down the claymore , please . 
  that time some guys made us believe the jews are the cause of all our problems and that we need to get rid of them . 
  biggest bamboozle in history . 
  [ here , have a listen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uellmyna34u ), 
  well it 's less of a culture song and more of a comedy sketch song . 
  your teachers might not even know it . 
  woah, 
  i 'm phoning merkel right now , this has got to be a valid reason for war .
