  in a more and more globalised world , we 'll share things to the point where no one country can claim to be the inventor of something . 
  they should certainly be taken with a grain of salt . 
  then again i also believe the defenders of american exceptionalism on the internet are more numerous than its critics , and as a consequence if these statistics were being tampered with , the us would rank higher . 
  one of the reasons why americans are often obnoxious to deal with . 
  they cling to their perception of the us being the best nation in the world , despite it ranking mediocre in many metrics concerning such things as average quality of life , crime rate , freedom of press , and having some serious problems . 
  not to mention the warmongering foreign policy of their government that americans seem to have no problem with , because it 's all to keep ` merica at the forefront of humanity . 
  also , they seem to think that america is the most diverse nation in the world for some reason and i kind of find that very insulting to nations like india , which have thousands of years of history . 
   the vast majority of non-european immigrants that are taken in are muslim so ? 
  from morocco to the horn of africa , through the middle east to northern india then down into indonesia there are muslims . 
  does following the same belief make them any more similar than they are to african americans ? 
  not even speaking of the differences and divides inside islam itself . 
  they are n't all one mob of one belief who agree on everything and band together to bring down the western world . 
  we have turks , kurds and arabs here . 
  people from north africa , from syria , from the caucasus , some even from subsaharan africa . 
  they 're all muslim , yet are about as different from each other as from african americans . 
  the people responsible for that ruling probably could n't point at croatia on a map and think it 's some warzone between russia and ukraine . 
  i do mean the imperial flag . 
  a literal translation of chickenshit is h\u00fchnerschei\u00dfe , and no , that does n't make much sense , does n't even rhyme or anything . 
  i 've never heard it being referred to as schwarz-rot-h\u00fchnerschei\u00dfe, 
  make it black-white-red again just to scare the french . 
  it 's not taboo mate , it 's against the law . 
  shut up it 's delicious . 
  powerwolf , equilibrium and rammstein are the german metal bands i listen to . 
  yeah , if finding the same low effort shitty jokes funny after reading them a hundred times is considered having a sense of humour , then no , i do n't have one . 
  i 'd say it 's a step below a hot dog in terms of evolution . 
  disregarding whatever came first or if either inspired the other , a bratwurst is kept very simple , the most you 're gon na do is throw some ketchup/mustard on it , while americans throw all kinds of stuff on their hot dogs . 
  the bratwurst alone has little to do with sauerkraut , you can pretty much pair it with whatever you want . 
  the to-go street variant [ is just a grilled sausage in a bun . 
  ] ( http://www.holidaycheck.de//data/urlaubsbilder/images/41/1174514532.jpg ) no football match at a stadium without an overpriced bratwurst and beer !, 
  currywurst ( with or without fries ) , bratwurst and kebab are pretty much available everywhere . 
  that 's different matter entirely and is n't really comparable . 
  oopsie , translated reservat the wrong way . 
  i 'm not one of those either , i roll my eyes everytime i see a post about germany on imgur , because i know the comment section is just going to be full with americans going `` it 's alreich '' , `` anne frankly i do n't think this is funny '' , `` oh nein you did n't '' etc. 
  black americans = americans with black skin colour . 
  native americans = dunno , not like there are many left and even fewer come to europe and even fewer of us have interacted with any . 
  in general i think people view them as pretty much a relic of the past , those that survived the fight with the european settlers have either assimilated or are living in reservations . 
  neither are of any significance to us . 
  i mean if you can , want to and have the time you brew up a tomato sauce of some kind but in many households around here nudeln mit ketchup is a pretty popular lunch to make for the kids when they come home from school . 
  no , not on sp\u00e4tzle , they 're special and sacred , those only get the finest champignon cream sauce . 
  ketchup is the main thing to put on pasta where i 'm from ... 
   seems like it 'd be hard to type in english with a keyboard with letters and symbols that are specific to your area , like the euro symbol or letters with an umlaut , etc. 
  not at all , english does n't have a lot of specific symbols so you just do n't use half the stuff on it , and there is n't anything missing that you 'd need . 
  paris 2 . 
  prague, 
  all of it . 
  my grandmother from danzig , my grandfather from somewhere in yugoslavia . 
  both my grandfather and grandmother on my mother 's side were volksdeutsche and they struggled finding their place in post-war germany , never feeling home or being welcomed anywhere , they were often viewed as foreign . 
  being on the forefront of the industrial revolution . 
  his body shall hang from tower bridge as a reminder to all that her grace the queen is infallible and any failure to prove loyalty shall be punished severly !, 
  is that the bavarian translation of the famous etz fick ich dich richtig kopiernudel ? 
  except we 've got no coal left , you know , the thing everyone wanted us for in the first place . 
  which is a little weird as a lot of those names carry quite the historical significance , while these places do not . 
  oh you mean those american small towns that are named after famous places like jerusalem new york , bethlehem pennyslvania , antioch california , berlin new hampshire etc. 
  we learn british english in school , we do n't have our own dialects of a secondary language . 
   a dystopia where the us becomes a totalitarian theocracy society and fundamentalists treat women as property of the state does n't sound too far fetched . 
  saarbr\u00fccken , 2km from the french border . 
  by the definition of the word , not very . 
  i love germany , i love what post-war politicians and the people have achieved , i love our history , our language , our culture , our worship of soccer , our bread . 
  i want the best for my country and the people of germany , but i also want the best for all people of the world ( except the dutch ) , so i 'll never put the needs of a german in front of that of a person of another country , i 'll never go to war for this country for whatever reason , and i am not and will not be blind to the wrongdoings of my government , both inside and outside . 
  just cycling across the french border to buy some baguette on sunday morning . 
  most money these days on youtube is earned from sponsorships and brand deals . 
  so they essentially make money like a lot of celebrities ; showing off products of a company and getting money in return . 
  i 'm a shitty human being if i judge the whole of the refugees fleeing their wartorn homes for the actions of a few extremists that came with them , often not even from those same regions . 
  therefore no , i am not worried , if i was in their situation i 'd just wish to be safe and not hear the sound of gunfire and explosions going of every day , so let them come . 
  we just need to handle and organise the whole thing better . 
  france and austria are the only ones that come to my mind . 
  since germany as a united entity did n't exist for very long , there was n't enough time to establish great rivalries and the erbfeindschaft with france was actually rather shortlived if you think about it . 
  same with the german dualism , that did n't last long as bismarck mended the wounds pretty well after the german war . 
  for anything prior to unification you 'd have to look at every german state individually and look at their rivalries . 
  the hanseatic league had a rivalry with denmark , the teutons with poland etc. 
  not to mention the stigma , nobody wants to be a hartzer . 
  well dutch is a lower franconian dialect of german with influence from frisian and english , so i do n't know why that makes you angry . 
  [ i 'd say so , too ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/deutsche_dialekte.png/1024px-deutsche_dialekte.png ), 
  yeah i liked the feeling too , was my first time voting . 
  the whole village came together and i saw people i had n't seen since i left that elementary . 
  and it made me quite conscious of how priviliged i am to live in a democracy . 
  where do you vote ? 
  i went to my local elementary school for the landstagwahl a month ago . 
  yeah if you compare it to every european country individually , but op is asking for europe as a whole , which frankly does n't make any sense , but americans rarely do anyway . 
  europe is superior in : standart of living , social security , social mobility , government and voting systems , education , laws , economy , freedom of press , food , architecture , soccer inferior in : military , how to bomb muslims , crime rates , how to elect a literal carrot as head of state, 
  just putting it out there , you 'll probably get more detailed responses over at r/askhistorians . 
  well , i have to correct myself , there is no law explicitly stating children * have * to receive allowance , but the citizen rights state that children have to be raised at a certain standard of living , which includes money for clothes , food and toys , and the child protection federation suggests around 40 $ a month for a 16 year old . 
  either way not getting allowance is very irregular and children can contact officials if they feel like they 're being treated unfairly by their parents . 
  yeah but that 's us media in a nutshell . 
  but only at a limited number of jobs , no ? 
  i remember there being some limitation . 
  like no excessive physical labour or something ? 
  not expected , german parents are legally obligated to give their children allowance , as the parents also get money from the state for having children . 
  make it 18 in germany , you 're not allowed to be officially employed until then . 
  most people do n't think about it since we are very exposed to american english through media . 
  in university ? 
  sure , there 's plenty of people working to pay for rent and food , but high school ? 
  in the first one or two years you are n't even old enough to be allowed to work . 
  first saturday of the month ? 
  while we 're at it , we could teach them how to speak an actual language . 
  discovery , colonialisation , american war of independence , great depression , bit of the cold war stuff . 
  nutella to go , used to take that with me on every school trip . 
  back in the day they still came with fanta or some small drink . 
  also [ ferdi fuchs ] ( https://src.discounto.de/pics/angebote/2013-07/545730/576679_ferdi-fuchs-mini-wuerstchen_xxl.jpg ) was the shit , i still buy them from time to time . 
  public schools really need to handle ww1 better .
