  it 's very depressing to reflect on how things have deteriorated . 
   the animosity you see towards alawites is n't because of their religion , but because they oppressed everyone else for so long . 
  it 's more socio-economic/political than religious , and is is capitalising on that . 
  but is is n't just fighting the alawite establishment , they want to exterminate all the christians , the kurds and every shi'a in the country - not all of these groups held privileged positions in pre-war syria and yet is ( and other distasteful organisations such as al nusra ) do n't seem to have a problem with manpower . 
  i 'll concede that many of their recruits may come from abroad , but a lot of them are syrian . 
  i used to ( like you ) hold a materialist view of the situation and would have agreed that this was principally about reversing a perceived injustice - but the way things have played out are ( in my mind ) not consistent with a secular society . 
  is this all just the meddling of foreign powers , other countries exporting their jihadis ? 
   we did n't have the whole sunni/shi ` ite/christian thing . 
  it 's very new . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't think that is completely true . 
  for one , i know nothing about your background or where you lived prior to leaving , but in most middle eastern countries there tends to be a huge disparity in the religiosity between the urban and rural populations ( and even within different parts of the cities ) . 
  so , while places such as damascus or aleppo may have been relatively secular , i doubt that the rest of the country was ( or at least not to the same extent ) . 
  furthermore , the stability imposed by assad 's authoritarianism would have suppressed much of the country 's potential religious extremism , in much the same way that saddam managed to keep sectarian violence to minimum ( however no sane person believes that the potential for it was n't there ) . 
  these things tend to flare up and expose themselves when the instability associated with a revolution provides the cover for those with a mind to religious retribution act on it . 
  they know that the government no longer lacks the ability to enforce punishment . 
  do you really believe that is is not capitalising on decades of pent up sunni animosity towards the alawite ( and other ) minorities ? 
  just because there was a dictator keeping a lid on the sectarian pot does not imply that the country was secular . 
  i might be completely wrong about this , and i 'm completely open to anyone willing to point this out . 
  to be perfectly honest , what is stopping us from leaving them in libya ? 
  it 's not as though we actually need the libyan governments permission to do this - although i imagine that enough concessions could guarantee their consent . 
  also , the [ full footage ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34136335 ) showing the man ( husband ? ), 
  throwing her to the ground is on the front page of the bbc 's website, 
  more importantly , the vast oceanic barriers means that canada is more or less able to choose their muslim immigrants - who are nearly always highly skilled and educated . 
  they do n't have to deal with the vast hordes of ( mostly ) uneducated/unskilled asylum seekers that are currently flooding into the eu . 
  i 've lived in both canada and the uk , and while the muslim populations in both countries are by and large well assimilated and peaceful , the fundamentalist ( unable to assimilate , unwilling to live by western values ) crowd is ** much ** larger over here in europe . 
  you do n't have the hate preachers in canada that you get in the uk , or the pro sharia protests , or the picketing of soldiers funerals , etc. . . ; by contrast jihadist activity is relatively uncommon and pretty isolated . 
  lol, 
  what !? 
  you guys are more than happy to eat cheese , bread and cold meat for breakfast ; that 's lunch ( or snack ) material . 
  a full english breakfast is exactly what it claims to be , a breakfast , no one thinks of this meal as a lunch ; i think that it 's clear that there 's more ambiguity surrounding the continental breakfast . 
  i did n't !, 
  but for the first meal of the day , we 've got it figured out . 
  i 've had delicious croissants , in france , italy and even the uk . 
  they might taste good but they 're not hearty . 
   no secret that the snp has only increased its voterbase since the referendum i would n't read the snp parliamentary sweep as endorsement for secession : look at how ukip cleaned up in the european elections , that did n't translate to support in the general election because people will often vote tactically . 
   scotland is generally further left and europhile compared to the ruk depends which parts of the uk you look at , there are entire pockets of the country with populations greater than the whole of scotland who are just as pro-europe , just as anti-tory and just as far to the left . 
  get back to us when you lot figure out what a real breakfast is , 
  the black death . 
  1348 ( encore in 1361 ) - half the population wiped out , england did n't recover is pre-plague population for another 400 years ) . 
  the napoleonic wars . 
  1803-1815 - britain leaves the conflict with unrivalled naval superiority , this will form the basis for the next century global domination . 
  the first world war . 
  1914-1918 the empire is bankrupted , it 's demise rapidly hastened and vast wealth and control of global finance is transferred to the united states . 
  it 'd almost certainly be unrecognisable , but no one can really say if it would be better or worse off than it is now , or if it would even exist in it 's current sovereign form ( nigh impossible ) . 
  the linked ` report ' is both biased and not scientifically rigourous . 
  a cursory examination of the statistics published by the world bank shows that there is nothing shocking or particularly anomalous about the uk 's figures , and that is very ( very ) far from last ( think near to the opposite end of the rankings ) . 
  because the numbers are so low in both countries the discrepancy is unlikely to be statistically significant , never mind how sensitive these figures are to recording protocols/data collection of the relevant bureaucracies . 
  exactly ; imagine how much worse things would have been had nazism triumphed . 
  that would have almost certainly have happened if britain did `` nothing '' as altnume suggests . 
   you did nothing to help us when hitler attacked if this were really the case , the vast majority of your people would have been liquidated , your culture erased and all of your land converted into lebensraum . 
  it worked . 
  i 'm pissed . 
  whilst this is true , you 'll find that most of the indians attempting to immigrate to the uk are educated and speak very good english , and this is really the group which is being compared to ee . 
  ( not saying i agree with the argument though ), 
  utterly meaningless . 
  while it 's likely that rape records in bulgaria are not great ( i.e. 
  a lot goes unreported ) , i 'm certain that they are worse in india . 
  thank hitler . 
  what the hell were britain and the us supposed to do ? 
  the colossal red army was already occupying poland by the time the allies reached berlin . 
  what would you have them do ? 
  start a war with the soviets ? 
  do you understand how democracy ( or at least it 's contemporary incarnation ) works ? 
  because your post leads me to believe that you do n't . 
  everyone knows this , the point is that there are no powerful states whose foreign policy actually reflects some laudable ideology , it 's all realpolitik . 
  you are confused ; it 's not that the west does not give a shit about democracy ( they give far more of a shit than those outside the west ) , it 's just that they are very unlikely to pursue foreign policy which will undermine their interests and weaken their strategic position , or ( in other words ) aids their enemies . 
  issues directly involving israel aside , most of the conflict in the middle east boils down to one thing ; a cold war between iran and saudi arabia . 
  these conflicts ( bahrain included ) are proxy wars between the two aforementioned regional hegemonies . 
  our side ( the west ) , has ( imo ) unfortunately decided to side with the saudis ( for geopolitical and historical reasons ) , and it is in this frame that you need to view the developments in this region . 
  it is perfect ? 
  no , and nor can it be , but it helps no one to try and paint a black and white picture of the issue , as you are attempting to do . 
   gaddafi restored lost territory . 
  it 's language like that that leads me to believe that you 're nothing more than an apologist for the torture and terror associated with the gaddafi regime . 
  he was n't going to crush the opposition and restore the country to the status quo , no one in their right mind believes that . 
  he was going to butcher as many people as he could in a desperate bid to hold on to power . 
  sure , he would have likely lasted quite a bit longer without the nato intervention , but he would have inevitably fallen . 
   west does n't give two shits about democracy the west is n't perfect , but this is just asinine . 
  who in this world gives more of a shit about democracy than the west ? 
  no one . 
  this is called realpolitik and every fucking country practices this , not just the west . 
   they wanted to get rid of these dictators for decades do you know who else wanted to get rid of these autocrats ? 
  the poor people who have been suffering under their rule for decades . 
  but why am i bothering , you 're obviously a conspiracy nut , in the same vein as the morons who think 9/11 was an inside job . 
   then someone decided it needs more democracy . 
  you mean the libyan people ? 
  a civil war was already raging when foreign powers got involved . 
  i understand what you are trying to say , but these are somewhat minor issues and their resistance from more conservative elements can be viewed as the death throes of a spent religion . 
  opposition to further social liberalisation of our societies is doomed to failure and i do n't see the discriminatory policies you mention lasting more than a few more decades . 
  have you been to america ? 
  for all their religiosity , the usa is ( for the most part ) an incredibly secular place and it 'd be a very very different country if religion really did have as much influence as you suggest . 
  in case i have n't already made this clear , i think that , all else being equal , christianity has more or less the same potential for abuse as islam . 
  however , everything is not equal , christianity has largely been cowed and will continue it 's inevitable decline in western democracies , it 's just a matter of time . 
  the situation is very different in the islamic world . 
   so is christianity the difference is that christianity ( at least in the west ) has been mollified , to the point where it is held in indifference - if not contempt - by many . 
  it no longer possesses the teeth needed to impress it 's morality on western culture and law , these societies have ( in a sense ) transcended religion . 
  this is not the case in the muslim world where there is a whole lot more religious zeal , respect for tradition and political integration with religious ideology or the clerical establishment . 
  until muslims stop taking their religious nonsense seriously , islam will never be compatible with modernity and enlightened civilisation . 
  no , turkey 's position has always been that they were ` relocating ' their christian minorities and not systemically trying to exterminate them ( although all the evidence contradicts this ) . 
  one should n't forget that as well as their efforts to suppress the armenians they also butchered and displaced their native greek and assyrian populations despite all of these groups having inhabited the anatolian plateau for millennia . 
  to be fair , the american tourists in serbia are those who are well off enough to afford the trip and , by and large , cultured enough to understand why a transatlantic trip to the balkans would be a good thing .
