   the uk is a fucking mess right when you control your own currency , deficits are n't really a big issue at all . 
  saying the uk is a fucking mess economically only proves how little you actually know about economics . 
  like , i 'm not an expert , but i know enough to know that a deficit and 80 % debt to gdp is n't a serious issue when you have your own major currency and definitely is n't a `` fucking mess '' . 
  greece is a fucking mess . 
  italy is n't doing great . 
  compared to the most of the eu , the uk is doing pretty good . 
  damn . 
  i 'm glad we 're separated from that refugee flood by the channel and the rest of europe . 
  truly the king of all sauces, 
   we 're just a small country with a limited budget the netherlands is the 17th largest economy on earth and has the 12th largest budget , there are n't many countries with more power . 
  do you have any sort of source for that ? 
  when the uae , hong kong and china started building skyscrapers like crazy , they were booming . 
  yeah because i 'm totally sure the american people knew the personal opinions of these diplomats beforehand , when it took a leak for people to find out . 
  once again , good job dipshit . 
  you 've got one too many tinfoil hats on mate . 
  you 're also gauging the opinion of a nation of 300,000,000 people through a couple asshole diplomats . 
  good job dipshit . 
  dude they put bombs in civilian areas and warned them 5 minutes before it went off , you do n't kill 500 civilians by accident . 
  stop defending terrorists you stupid prick . 
  and before you say `` oh , but the loyalists killed more '' , * anyone * who kills innocent civilians is a giant prick . 
  simple solution - kill the families first . 
  then when you kill the last guy , he had no family so it was n't as bad !, 
  how the fuck is it not true ? 
  this * is * the first successful terror attack in the uk in a decade , and you * are * more likely to die by tripping up . 
  unless you think a terrorist attack that was * prevented * is gon na fuckin ' kill you . 
  yeah , if they had it their way there 'd be way more bombings , no shit . 
  luckily we do n't just invite them to blow us up . 
  that data is four years old, 
  well to be fair , anyone who * is * scared is either a pussy or an idiot . 
  like four people died in the first major-ish terror attack in years , more people die from tripping up . 
   the eu is a much bigger power than the us . 
  we just do n't realise it yet . 
  the eu has a smaller economy , a * much * smaller and * much * weaker military , less influence and a less important currency . 
  and that 's * before * its second largest economy and biggest military spender leaves . 
  the eu is n't even equal to the us , let alone a `` much bigger power '' . 
  it 's pretty delusional to think otherwise . 
  if you 're afraid you need to give your head a wobble . 
  the first successful terrorist attack in the uk in years , and one person died . 
  you 're more likely to be killed by a dodgy curb than by a terrorist . 
  because you 're acting like a dickhead, 
  no it 's not , you 're just a dickhead, 
  what do you seriously expect to happen ? 
  because most economists are expecting continued growth post-brexit , but if you say otherwise then i guess that 's that . 
  i never said it was everywhere , but in most developed countries there is nationalism . 
  also , `` it has n't always been like this '' applies to almost everything . 
  nationalism is fairly recent but it 's only popular because of human nature and the desire to belong to a group , hence why i said identifying with a country 's achievements is normal and just human nature . 
  identifying with something like a profession is n't quite the same as identifying with a football team or a nation , i do n't know why you keep bringing that up . 
  bakers do n't win battles/matches , there are no profession wars or tournaments between bakers and smiths that people take sides in . 
  bakers do n't have a shared history or achievements . 
   how is a nation any more a distinct entity than bakers ? 
  seriously ? 
  each nation has a unique flag , a unique name , a unique history , its own territory , its own government , its own allies , rivals and enemies , its own unique characteristics and its own stereotypes for the inhabitants . 
  you can even personify nations , hell , look at polandball . 
  it 's easy to identify with something with as many unique qualities as a country . 
  bakers are bakers , they bake bread . 
  bakers as a group are not a distinct entity . 
  there 's not much to identify with . 
  you really should have specified that you were only talking about the foreign ones to begin with , but even so 80 % seems like a gross overestimation . 
  nationalism is n't the only thing like that though , i literally just gave you an example of something almost identical . 
  and your baker example is really dumb . 
  people like feeling like they 're part of a bigger group , hence why i said it 's human nature . 
  you can identify with a country or a football team as distinct entities with their own achievements and history , but bakers ? 
  bakers as a group are not a distinct entity . 
  feeling a connection is n't hyper-nationalism , it 's human nature . 
  it 's the same kind of thing that makes football fans feel pride and shame depending on how well their team does even though all they did is watch the match on the tv . 
  80 % of our intellectuals ? 
  where are you buying this industrial strength crack that you 're clearly smoking ? 
  our gdp is still forecast to grow for the next few years anyway , and banks moving employees to the eu is a given if they want to keep their passporting rights . 
  brexit is n't going to turn us into a third world country , so stop acting like it is . 
  and everyone else finds you cringy for being a pedantic pleb . 
  i never said i was for brexit or against independence , i 'm just arguing the economics of both . 
  they were both bad decisions economically , but scottish independence would be worse . 
  uk has a deficit of 5.5 % and scotland has a deficit of 9.5 % , them 's the facts . 
  it 's just a fact that scotland is more dependent on the uk than the uk is on the eu and scottish independence would have a large impact on scotland compared to brexit on the uk . 
  they would have to either cut public spending or raise taxes to close the deficit . 
  irish gdp per capita is massively inflated , unless you seriously think the 26 % growth in 2015 is reaching the people in any way . 
  it 's still higher than the uk 's gdp per capita either way though . 
  scotland has a 9.5 % deficit , 60 % of its trade is with the rest of the uk , 18 % of its economy is oil-based , it would n't have a stable currency , it 's growing about half as fast as england . 
  but please , economically-illiterate guy , tell me about how scotland leaving the uk is the same as the uk leaving the eu . 
  banks keep upgrading growth forecasts and quite a few economists have admitted their post-vote economic predictions were wrong . 
  considering the months of uncertainty and then the confirmation that we are definitely leaving the eu , british economic resilience has been impressive so far . 
  the fact is that the uk has done better than expected post-vote . 
  nobody knows what the future holds , but barring some catastrophe , the economy is n't going to get much worse after we actually leave . 
  it 's in the definition itself , is n't it ? 
  a refugee is somebody who has been forced to flee their country because of persecution , war or violence . 
  once they arrive in a safe nation , if they carry on to their preferred nation they 're not fleeing anything , they 're just immigrating . 
  yeah , unless you come from syria , then you 're an immigrant . 
  there are multiple stable countries between germany and syria . 
  when they 're arriving in italy , they 're refugees . 
  when they 're moving from italy to germany , they 're immigrants . 
   a refugee is someone who has been forced to flee his or her country because of persecution , war , or violence . 
  a refugee has a well-founded fear of persecution for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership in a particular social group . 
  the un definition, 
  nah , it was better here in 2007/8 before the financial crisis . 
  we were solidly in the eu , scottish independence was just a dream , our economy was growing fast and we 'd just surpassed the us in gdp per capita . 
  pretty shit now in comparison . 
  do you know what objectively means ? 
  how can you judge colonialism as objectively bad without knowing * all * of its effects and then quantifying the impact of said effects ? 
  saying colonialism is objectively bad is like saying the roman empire was objectively bad . 
  and how exactly would scotland leaving the uk `` end this madness '' ?
