  their advantage in numbers is because of very small ships . 
  the su would have more frigates , though they 'd mostly be support ships . 
  they 'd also have more submarines , so in terms of navy they 're outnumbered , but not dwarfed . 
  however , spain has an ace up its sleeve . 
  a 26,000 ton displacement aircraft carrier . 
  it can carry ~ 12 f-35bs / harriers and 12 helicopters , 900 soldiers and 46 tanks . 
  they also have two 13,000 ton displacement galicia-class amphibious warfare ships . 
  the scandinavian union would have no aws ships at all . 
  they 'd have no reliable way of projecting power past their own borders . 
  the scandinavian union would definitely be stronger in their own region , but spain 's aircraft carrier and two aw ships means that pretty much anywhere outside of scandinavia , spain would have the advantage . 
  the su 's larger air force wo n't help much against an enemy so far away who also have a comparable air force , and their larger navy wo n't be much help if they do n't have air superiority . 
  if you 're going to insult me at least explain . 
  a fresh scandinavian union would have a gdp ( ppp ) of around $ 1.4 tn , while spain would have a gdp of $ 1.64 tn , a stronger military , a larger population and would have the advantage of actually having been a country for a decent amount of time , so spain 's had time to establish itself and spread its influence while scandinavia is starting fresh . 
  spanish is far more popular than any scandinavian language and spanish culture is far more global thanks to south and central america . 
  it 's not even close . 
  the scandinavian union would be a distant 6th place in the european rankings of power , behind the uk , france , germany , spain and italy . 
  france , germany and the uk were in no particular order right there , not starting any arguments . 
  it would n't even be the strongest power in northern europe , the uk would still completely dwarf it . 
  given a decade or two to develop it 'd be about as powerful and influential as spain . 
  not all that impressive to be honest and absolutely not a superpower . 
  well it 's going to fail eventually if it keeps on going like this . 
  just federalize already . 
   selling out americans , having them lose their jobs just to give the british a better deal goes directly against one of his key messages . 
  the uk is n't mexico , it 's a rich developed first-world country . 
  americans are n't going to lose jobs to british people working for lower wages and vice versa , and american companies are n't going to open factories in the uk to take advantage of cheap labor . 
  the fact that they get paid and * praised * for such low-effort trash annoys me . 
  not really . 
  she appeared stronger after that speech but i do n't really trust her . 
  at all . 
  hate the tories . 
  i never said that the uk would n't suffer . 
  economically , leaving the eu is undeniably negative in the short-term . 
  not as negative as a lot are making out though . 
  of course , we voted to leave the eu not europe . 
  you 're all still some of our closest allies no matter what . 
  it 's not hope , give me one * credible * source that states that london will lose its status as a top global financial city . 
  the boss of barclays seems convinced that london will stay the way it is . 
  the imf are rolling back their negative opinions on brexit . 
  obviously it 's still negative , but it 's not world-ending . 
  change is coming but not so extreme that london would lose its position . 
  obviously i do n't know that for certain , but it 's just unrealistic expecting london to flounder . 
  i 'm not being optimistic , i 'm being realistic . 
  realistically there is no way that london will lose its position as the world 's financial capital alongside new york . 
  banks will move staff into europe , but only the bare minimum necessary . 
  or maybe it 's because we import * way * more than we export ? 
  so it 's a bundle deal . 
  well shit . 
  hopefully this gets sorted . 
  you seem to be economically illiterate . 
   because large trading blocks can destroy lone nation 's economies with tariffs and the like if they feel like it . 
  countries do n't do things `` because they feel like it '' . 
  no trading block is going to have any reason to slap tariffs on the uk , even the eu . 
   because business is n't going to stay in the uk , in a globalized world businesses simply up sticks and move right , except there 's a good reason that london is a global financial city while others are n't the conditions here are n't easy to replicate elsewhere . 
  france is too strict and frankfurt is too boring for bankers . 
  as dumb as that sounds , bankers do n't want to work in a boring city . 
  humans will be humans . 
  no banks have made any plans to move major operations abroad even though they know we 're leaving the eu and single market . 
  hsbc moved about $ 1.2 bn worth of operations into the eu ( 1000 jobs ) , the bare minimum so that it could operate there . 
  other firms will do the same thing , moving the bare minimum . 
  considering the size of london finance , it 's negligible and the revenue will be quickly recovered . 
  the uk is already in the wto . 
  we 're represented by the eu as well . 
   the united kingdom has been a wto member since 1 january 1995 and a member of gatt since 1 january 1948 . 
  it is a member state of the european union ( more info ) . 
  all eu member states are wto members , as is the eu ( until 30 november 2009 known officially in the wto as the european communities for legal reasons ) in its own right . 
   when you are a food dependent nation ... all nations are food dependent though . 
  i get what you 're trying to say , i 'm just being pedantic . 
  we produce about 50 % of our food ourselves , we 'd still be able to import food without ftas . 
  the uk can also afford to wait it out . 
  we do n't need free trade deals with everyone to survive . 
  it 'd be detrimental but trading with wto rules would be mostly fine . 
  comparing something as complex as a military operation to batman running a marathon and fighting the joker is funny but inaccurate to say the least . 
  us forces would be fresh and ready to fight when they arrive at europe . 
  it 's not like they 'd be exhausted . 
  they 're literally designed for power projection and fighting other modern militaries . 
  if they sent 5 carrier strike groups plus as many ships as they could muster and used some of their many military bases ( not the ones in or really close to the eu , they would be overrun instantly ) , they could definitely launch a full-scale invasion of europe . 
  i made it sound like they could do it easily . 
  they could n't . 
  it would be a bloody war and the us would lose a good portion of its equipment and a lot of lives , but they could definitely force all nations in the eu to surrender . 
  the us has the equipment and logistics advantage . 
  the eu has the manpower and home-ground advantage but all that means is unless we somehow had air superiority all we could really do is delay our loss . 
  manpower ca n't do much without support except hold urban areas . 
  you 're right , europe is n't iraq , my point was that the us is capable of sustaining a massive invasion force of over 500,000 men plus vehicles . 
   still not enough to invade yes it is  `` they would have full control of the ocean in the opening weeks of the war . '', 
  doubtful , but i 'll grant it . 
  it 's not doubtful , the us has enough nuclear submarines , carriers and destroyers to annihilate all navies in europe . 
  if you think the eu has a chance , you very clearly do n't know about the overwhelming advantage in numbers the usn has over the eu . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_navy_ships https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#naval_forces  no they do n't . 
  i 'll grant 100 fighters on top of all normal transport capabilities , times 10 supercarriers . 
  this is a generous number . 
  its still nowhere near enough . 
  you believe that ? 
  you 've just proven you 're arguing with * nothing * but opinion , what a god damn imbecile . 
  the largest air force on earth is the usaf . 
  the second largest is the usn . 
  it has almost 1000 more aircraft than the entire eu . 
  so once again , you 're wrong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_naval_aircraft https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#air_forces  your approach seems to be to discount any losses , ... just park a us invasion fleet off the eu , compare numbers , say the bigger number wins and call that a successful invasion . 
  sure the us would lose ships and maybe a carrier strike group , but once the us has air superiority , they could bomb eu infrastructure into the stone age . 
  eu ground forces would be useless when they have no air support , the only resistance would be guerrilla .
