  i do n't get my news from rt. 
  i looked for figures on refugee education and that was one of the sources that popped up . 
  did n't realize it was a shitty source . 
  getting rid of gay marriage is incomparable to executing people for the crime of not liking vaginas . 
  there is no jump from not wanting gay marriage to murdering gays . 
  some people just think marriage is holy or some other religious bullshit , they do n't hate gay people . 
  and before i get an sjw screaming at me , i support gay marriage , even though i think marriage is a dumbass waste of money . 
  i would n't tell a muslim of any age to go fuck themselves because of their culture , even if it is backwards as fuck . 
  they ca n't really change the way they 're being brought up . 
  our governments should make more of an effort integrating them into society and crack down on saudi arabia for funding terrorism , there 's only so much we can do when those vile fuckers are working against us with our permission . 
   they are likely to have beliefs and opinions i do n't agree with it 's more the fact that * they * do n't agree with * us * . 
  islam is a fucking disgusting ideology . 
  not saying that muslims are horrible people , but when you look at all of the opinion polls on muslim opinions on homosexuality , shariah and terrorism , plus how poorly they integrate , it 's a little bit obvious that they really do n't fit in with modern civilization . 
  would n't be too much of an issue if our governments made more of an effort to integrate them or if saudi arabia would just disappear , but this is the world we live in . 
  had to post this twice because apparently links to rt instantly remove your comment i 'm not saying not to help them , i 'm saying europe chose the most fucking stupid way to help . 
  letting them all live here is not a proper solution , we need to sort out the situation over there . 
   would you be like to be treated with your attitude if you were in their situation ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's people like you who need to lose their home country to war just so you can experience what it means to not be welcomed by people like you anywhere . 
  otherwise you wo n't understand . 
  what a stupid and fucked up thing to say  secondly , you 're wrong in assuming refugees are made up of unskilled workers . 
  there are many dentists , students etc. 
  among them . 
  so if you want to spew your hateful rhetoric at least stick with the facts . 
  oh yeah , all of those highly educated young syrians . 
  how stupid of me to assume that young men from a third-world country with a terrible economy and fucked up education system would be mostly unskilled laborers . 
  http://theconversation.com/election-factcheck-are-many-refugees-illiterate-and-innumerate-59584 how about you stick with the facts instead of spewing pathetic emotional bullshit ? 
   whats so difficult to understand about helping others just for the sake of it ? 
  because you chose the must culturally damaging way to do it . 
  also , stop pretending you did it purely out of the good of your own hearts . 
  it 's no secret that you 're in need of more workers to support your ageing population . 
  too bad you got a bunch of poorly integrating unskilled guys . 
  proven right in what way ? 
  there is nobody that thinks the refugee crisis was handled successfully . 
  if you think the solution was getting all teary eyed and letting thousands of unskilled workers that do n't like our culture into your country because you feel bad , you 're deluded . 
  it 's a ghastly place . 
  absolutely * full * of french people . 
  yeah , she did n't really deal with it though . 
  allowing thousands of working-age men to walk through europe into the country of their choice is not `` dealing '' with the crisis . 
  she rightly assessed that it was a humanitarian crisis . 
  she handled it in one of the worst ways possible . 
  the borders should have been enforced . 
  at the very least , they should have been put in temporary camps and sent on their way once the situation in syria calmed down . 
  europe does n't need more unskilled workers . 
   she is so calm , technical and unemotional when it comes to politics except for when she got all emotional over the refugee 's plight and let them flood into germany and the rest of europe . 
  yeah , because they actually have a handle on immigration , unlike germany . 
  this dude 's fucking 90 ? 
  does n't look a day over 70 . 
  well yeah but as i said , most of the world outside of europe was irrelevant . 
  all of africa , south america and all of asia except for japan and china were pretty much non-factors in the war . 
  the major allies could be counted on one hand ( uk , us , ussr , china , france ) . 
  british india was under the control of a european power , so i did n't really count it as a major power . 
  just counted it as british . 
  yeah but at this point in time most of the world outside of europe was irrelevant . 
  outside of europe , the only relevant powers were the us and japan . 
  the rest could do little to influence the war . 
   the borders were intentionally drawn to retain as much land as possible while maintaining a unionist majority , you fucking clown . 
  so fucking what ? 
  # 1 - the unionist population was n't going to disappear depending on borders , it would have always been there , dumbass # 2 - you have always had the option of rejoining ireland i 'd rather you leave , useless drunk inbred mongoloids . 
  you ca n't even pay for yourselves you scroungers . 
   but until then , you 're damn right you 're going to be paying us . 
  you fucking * chose * to stay a part of the uk !, 
  you 've had the option of leaving the entire time , but when ireland gained independence , the unionist north stayed . 
  do n't blame us for you staying , dumbass . 
   the thought of being done with skinhead knuckledraggers and little engerlanders who created and broke this country in the first place skinheads ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  yeah , and you decided to stay you dopey fucker . 
  northern ireland is a part of the uk and most of you do n't want to leave . 
  there is no big ni independence movement . 
  also , that `` silly , oppressive unitary state '' is keeping your heads above the water . 
  a lot of us * want * you gone because you 're an economic black hole . 
  calm it waj, 
  so edgy and also incredibly , stupendously imbecilic and naive . 
  you hope humanity dies because you 're `` done with this planet '' ? 
  how can somebody say that and mean it while possessing more than half a brain ? 
   the new human colony would have no degenerates . 
  good people do n't necessarily have good children . 
  you 'd know that if you actually knew shit . 
  oh shut up it 's just a star wars quote . 
  because they have n't done anything other than have good food and get dicked by the us ? 
  why would i feel bad when i have doritos, 
   they do n't even call us cunts all the time !, 
  that 's the main reason i like australians though . 
  maybe if they called us cunts more often we 'd all get along better . 
  okay okay , i 'll admit it . 
  i love mexico . 
  [ burritos ] ( http://theburritobar.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/burrito-chipotle-steak-web.png ) , [ fajitas ] ( http://cdn.hercampus.com/s3fs-public/2014/11/27/fajita.jpg ) , [ nachos ] ( http://images-gmi-pmc.edge-generalmills.com/0613d99d-bf81-46a6-b7f7-abb174c6a131.jpg ) , they 're too damn good at food not to love . 
  if it was n't for them mexicans , my favorite foods would n't even exist . 
  ca n't tell if you 're taking the piss or being genuinely serious . 
  if it 's the latter , then english is a european language . 
  not between nation states it does n't . 
  i do n't think mexico 's ever done anything really significant for europe . 
  the only reason people seem to like mexico all of a sudden is because the us is being a bit of a dick with them . 
  so then why is mexico the rest of europe 's best friend instead of australia , new zealand , the us or literally * any * other country ? 
  why is mexico our best friend ? 
  i mean , you do . 
  you can be weaker and not be a puppet . 
  france is one of the top 10 strongest countries economically and militarily , they 'd be fine . 
  to say european nations are `` too weak '' alone is silly . 
  too weak to do what ?
