  but nah , i 'm sure investors and businesses would lap up the opportunities in a country with a huge 12 % deficit and an unstable currency once they vote yes . 
   bellends like the english well fuck you too you dickhead . 
   the english got to have so many unfair advantages in the eu compared to other participating nations and it still was n't enough . 
  scotland gets free university , we in england do n't . 
  we subsidize them and they still have a huge deficit . 
  they have their own devolved parliament unlike england . 
  they 're growing slower than the rest of the uk . 
  everything you said can be applied to scotland . 
  i think you 'll find your `` lifeboat '' has an unstable currency , a large deficit and is unable to attract businesses . 
  you 'd sink faster than a fucking lead brick . 
  not saying that scotland should n't seek independence because of economics , but calling the uk a sinking ship when scotland , even with subsidies , is in an even worse state and would be in a * much * worse state if it leaves is dumb . 
  and what about the unstable currency and tax hikes/massive cuts problems ? 
  there is absolutely no reason for businesses to move to scotland over ireland . 
  no offense to scots , but they have n't got a single damn quality that would attract businesses to move there rather than to the ruk or ireland post-independence . 
   look at how much business ireland is taking from uk . 
  ... how many ? 
  do you have any sources showing how many business are moving to ireland or are you just chatting bollocks ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult uk is above ireland in wealth per adult , but we definitely earn less on average . 
  when it comes to living standards , it 's pretty subjective since the uk and ireland are really similar . 
  the irish earn more so i 'd give you guys the edge . 
  our wealth does n't mean much if a lot of it is because of inflated house prices . 
   both are good for the stability of the eu if merkel had handled the refugee crisis with half a fuckin ' brain , it 's possible that the uk would have never voted leave . 
  she stopped action being taken to prevent migrants from illegally crossing into germany because the pictures of police stopping them would have been bad publicity . 
  she 's a fucking moron , good for the stability of the eu my ass . 
   but it looks like it might go the other way we will make the world a european region ... again !, 
   a person making $ 1mil / year in the us lives about as well as a person making $ 100k or less in romania . 
  are you taking the piss ? 
  you have a romanian flare so you 're clearly biased . 
  if you genuinely believe that an american on over a million per year lives about as well as a romanian making $ 100k you 're properly delusional . 
  just because houses and local products/services are cheaper in romania does n't mean you 're getting the same quality of life for less money . 
  to be fair , abrams use british chobham armor which means you 're probably safer in an abrams being showered with pg-7gs and small arms fire than in a dorm room with a bunch of drunk students, 
  brexit is n't bad enough to warrant leaving the country . 
  that said , australia is a better place to live than pretty much anywhere in europe , should n't need brexit to justify moving there . 
   about 10 years ago italian economy was bigger than uk 's in 2007 the uk 's gdp was far greater than italy 's and france 's and was closing in on germany . 
  that was the year before the financial crisis , we were by far one of the richest nations in europe . 
  maybe in 1997 we were behind italy . 
  it 's like being a fan of a football team and being proud of their victories and accomplishments . 
  you do n't need to have had any part in something to be proud of it . 
  have you never been proud of something you were n't involved in before ? 
  have you never been proud of something that your friends/family accomplished even though you were n't involved at all ? 
  it 's just the way humans are , probably goes all the way back to our tribal times . 
  surprised you needed something like that explained . 
  even if we got fired every single person on a zero-hour contract , we 'd still have one of the lower unemployment rates in europe at around 7.7 %, 
   at least they are in scotland so there is a chance of scottish independence etc. 
  if somewhat slim . 
  scotland would n't be in the eu if it left the uk , and besides both countries want to let eu citizens currently in the uk stay . 
  wanting scotland to leave the uk because the uk voted to leave the eu is retarded , it would n't solve anything . 
  it 's terrifying that people like you inhabit this country too . 
  you 're an idiot who pretends to know things he 's completely ignorant of . 
  the worst kind of fool . 
   ` hard brexit ' is one thing , but there is absolutely no preparation that we can possibly implement which will even slightly soften the blow of not arranging an exit deal with the eu - or , as it 's more commonly known , the north korea option . 
  okay first off , nobody said that we should be prepared to not even * arrange * a deal , just that we should be prepared to walk away from a bad deal if we ca n't get any further with negotiations . 
  and second , trading under wto rules = the north korea option ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  he never said that we have a bad deal right now . 
  he said that if we do get a shitty deal after negotiations , then we should be prepared to turn it down and have no deal . 
  the uk is no more unequal than france . 
  productivity has nothing to do with inequality . 
  we work longer hours for the same money , that 's all it means . 
  the far right is n't rising because of the poor not being protected , unless you think half of the country is poor . 
  i agree that the poor do need more help than they 're getting though . 
  no , not in europe . 
  in the world . 
  the uk exports more financial services than any other country . 
  london might be top , not sure , but i 'm not only talking about london . 
  they are location sensitive . 
  there 's a reason london is so popular . 
  the business laws in the uk are much more finance-friendly than in france or germany . 
   uk politics tends to believe that they are more important to europe than europe is to them and that the u.k. is very irreplaceable on a global scale . 
  which is laughable . 
  well , we are by * far * the largest exporter of financial services . 
  dat shit 's pretty important . 
  you just made it more confusing by leaving in per capita . 
  why not just title it dogs per 1000 population ? 
  can i have a go with that crystal ball you 're clearly using ? 
  there will be a hit to uk financial services , but if you think that the negative effects of brexit will be offset on the continent by companies moving production to the single market you 're off your rocker . 
  both the uk and the eu are going to be affected negatively , there 's no way around it , but there 's also no way that so much of the british financial sector will move to the eu that it will get leave this whole situation unharmed . 
  whether it 's a lot of negative effects or just a little bit is yet to be seen , but both sides will feel it . 
  $ 173m would make absolutely * no * difference . 
  besides , you ca n't fix italy 's economical woes by simply cutting corners . 
  i never even indicated that i want the eu to fall apart , simply stating that it 's a real possibility depending on the results of upcoming elections . 
  i never said le pen is capable of bringing the eu down directly , but if she 's elected , france may leave the eu . 
  if both france and the uk leave and if both countries do fine outside of the eu , which is the way it 's been going for the uk , it might trigger a domino effect . 
  and before you say `` o but uk has n't left yet '' , no experts have predicted a uk recession , just slower growth , at least on par with the rest of europe . 
  greece is still in the shitter , though economics is n't everything . 
  i 'd say whether or not le pen gets elected is what really decides it , if two of the eus largest and most powerful economies leave , it might not have much of a future left . 
  long exposure + spammage of flares, 
  so the same as with literally every other country then . 
  different parts of a country have different levels of wage growth , colour me surprised . 
  we 're not even projected to have a recession despite all of the fears , so calling it suicide is just a tad fucking demented . 
  the british voted to leave the eu because they believed that was the right thing to do . 
  that 's pretty significant . 
  we do fight for the nhs , but most people do n't know any ways to fight other than protests . 
  how are n't the germans weak ? 
  or the french , spanish or greek ? 
  british people protest , a lot . 
  i guess most just do n't care or know enough about this surveillance law to protest it . 
  nothing to do with weakness . 
  to suggest such a thing only shows your own stupidity and ignorance . 
  are right wing protests even really a thing ?
