  if the predicted post-vote economic shitfest was going to happen , it would have happened by now , or at the very least , we would n't be doing this much better than predicted . 
  fact is , the predictions for britain 's post-vote economy were wildly pessimistic . 
  thought must of us would have figured that out by now , but apparently not . 
  why do people like you keep saying this ? 
  economists predicted that immediately after the * vote * , the economy would suffer greatly . 
  they predicted growth of 0.1 % for the quarter after the vote . 
  do n't be a condescending ass sarcastically calling people geniuses when you yourself are behaving like an idiot . 
  i 'm not pro-brexit , before any assumptions are made . 
  why is n't the uk flag on any of them ? 
  i thought we were one of the biggest contributors to the esa budget . 
  i know right ? 
  you 're supposed to put it in a pot with some dirt first , fuck . 
   look you want to double down on the claim that me saying disposable income after brexit could fall to eastern european levels as the same as the uk will be as poor as russia it is exactly the same as saying that the uk will be around as poor as russia , * in * * terms * * of * * disposable * * income * . 
  i never said that you implied we 'd be as poor as russia in terms of gdp or ppp per capita or anything else . 
   no fully qualified in business economics and international markets . 
  currently an executive in a european multinational dealing with this stuff first hand ... my colleagues are equally qualified . 
  i have trouble believing that an aggressive troll on reddit is an executive , but i ca n't prove you wrong on that one . 
   it 's very simple dude . 
  do like the others do a remind me for a few months then come back and apologise when your opinion is proved wanting as the predictive logical facts have their way alright , if after we properly leave the eu our disposable income drops to around the same level as eastern european countries , i 'll apologize . 
   i called you a brexiteer not a brexiter i never said brexiter though . 
   disposable income does not mean as poor as russia it does when you 're talking about a map that shows disposable income . 
  are you genuinely retarded or just taking the piss ? 
   this chart does n't show wealth does n't show poor or rich it shows disposable income . 
  when in the context of disposable income , saying country a is poorer than country b obviously means it has less disposable income . 
  not too hard to wrap your head around , surely . 
   pound has been stable for a year ... experts know ... holy dumb fuck batman you are bullshitting hard now that article is from march . 
  it 's august now , and the pound still has n't plummeted . 
   i am one of those experts lmao  and no it has n't been stable you 're right it 's actually recovered slightly . 
  it was at $ 1.20 during its lowest points at the beginning of the year and after the vote . 
  it 's been fairly stable around $ 1.28 - $ 1.30 for the past few months . 
   it 'll drop further after brexit factually as it has less access custom and tarriff free it may do , but it wo n't be as huge a fall as you 're thinking or it would have fallen already as investors get out early . 
   the pound will probably go below and stay below the euro after brexit . 
  possibly . 
   i mean it probably wil go into the orange dude and i take my and my colleagues educated opinion on it to someone who thinks what i said means you 'll be as poor as russia coming from the guy who does n't realize that we 're talking about being poor in the context of disposable income . 
  your `` colleagues '' are probably kids at your school . 
   if you want to make a bet and come back in a year when disposable income plummits i 'm easily game . 
  though i feel youll need the money haha never said disposable income would n't fall , it just wo n't fall by the obscene amounts you 're implying . 
  by the way , you only need three dots for an ellipsis , not seventy thousand . 
   ah another dumb brexiteer that does n't understand basic economics or the simple market realities of their brexit course i never said i was a brexiteer  where did i say as poor as russia dumb fuck ? 
  russia is orange , and you said the uk is going to go orange . 
  are you retarded ? 
   the uk population will factually have alot less disposable income after brexit it will have less , this was never disputed . 
   the cost of goods will factually increase with factual tarriffs , factual inflation yep , never denied that . 
   the neverending fall of the pound have you seen gbp to usd exchange rates ? 
  it 's been pretty stable for the last year . 
   you guessed it uk citizens disposable income already dropping !!!, 
  whod have thought that !, 
  oh that 's right anyone educated !, 
  never denied it . 
   you do n't have to be as poor as russia or have a recession to see disposable income plummit dumb fuck you do have to be as poor as russia to be orange on this map which is what you said we would be you illiterate , braindead little shit . 
   so dumb fuck you 'll be orange yeah , except no we wo n't . 
  you 're fucking delusional if you think uk disposable income will drop from ~ $ 2500 to ~ $ 900 because of brexit . 
  maybe the next time you try to lecture people about economics , try actually knowing something about economics first you thick piece of shit . 
  i mean holy shit you do n't even know what you yourself said . 
  `` you 'll be orange '' ( clearly talking about the disposable income map , where russia is clearly orange showing how poor it is ) `` no , we wo n't be as poor as russia '' `` hurr where did i say as poor as russia dumbass ? '', 
  congratulations you played yourself , now go fuck yourself . 
  of course , we 're going to be as poor as russia without even having a recession somehow . 
  it 's possible for multiple things to be problems at once you know . 
  immigration and unemployment are issues . 
  i was actually talking about the type 45 , if i remember correctly are n't type 26 ships frigates ? 
  they seem like they 're definitely going to be formidable , almost twice the tonnage of the type 23 . 
   with our `` meh '' navy the usn makes every other navy in the world seem weak . 
  when compared with any other navy , the royal navy is easily top 3 . 
  two supercarriers being built , some of the best nuclear submarines and destroyers in the world and great expeditionary capability with the royal auxiliary . 
  even if you combine russia , china , japan and france , the us navy is still far more powerful . 
  shit 's crazy . 
  that would n't have changed if we 'd merged during ww2 . 
  we have n't been at war with france since napoleon . 
  in what way is no competition a positive thing ? 
  it 's not like we 're at war . 
   imagine if britain and france had signed a treaty of union or even non-aggression during the height of empire or during the napoleonic era so napoleonic france and britain conquer the world ? 
  yeah that would change history quite a bit . 
  yeah it 's been a while since i used java , at least it 's still semantically correct . 
  if ( ( russianoccupation = = true ) | | ( russianpuppet = = true ) ) { country.gdp = country.gdp / 2 }, 
  if you 're earning # 20k a year ( which you should easily be as an engineer ) you have no excuse for not being able to go on holiday other than really bad budgeting . 
  well it 's the irish army , i doubt he 'd be risking much to be fair, 
   have generally enlightened political and social views . 
  most of them support erdogan . 
  they 're about as enlightened and progressive as fat racist bob down at the pub . 
  they 're literally destroying innocent people 's property . 
  they 're fucking oxygen-stealing scum . 
  nobody is denying that we 're likely to be worse off , but you have no clue how bad it will actually be . 
  it could be anywhere between barely a difference to a `` fucking disaster '' ( recession ) . 
  just do n't pretend like you know for sure what will happen , only fucking idiots do that . 
  ... well , yeah . 
  what 's the argentinian argument ? 
  it 's closer ? 
  tough titties , we got there before argentina was even a thing and the people want to remain british . 
  argentina has about as rightful a claim to the islands as spain does . 
   france is mostly lacking air transport you 're far behind in terms of amphibious warfare ships too , which is pretty important for power projections . 
  it 's not so much that * france * should have built a large fleet of nuclear carriers , it 's that nuclear carriers are only really worth the cost when you build multiple because of economies of scale . 
  france should 've just built two normal conventional carriers , but like you said france is pretty independent when it comes to military tech , so i get why they made their own nuclear carrier . 
  in this case though quantity  quality . 
  two conventional carriers could carry more resources , more equipment and perform more sorties than one nuclear carrier and at least one of them would always be available . 
  also , before there 's any confusion , i 'm not saying that conventional carriers are half as expensive as nuclear ones , but spending more on two cheaper carriers than one nuclear one is more cost-effective imo . 
  i 'm not saying that nuclear powered carriers have no advantages , because they obviously do . 
  i 'm saying that having your only carrier be nuclear is a pointless expense because of economies of scale , which is the reason it 's worth it for the us . 
  if you 're going to build nuclear carriers , build loads of them . 
  if you ca n't afford to go that far , then build cheaper conventional carriers and more of them , because having continuous carrier capability is more important than having one expensive carrier that might not be available when you actually need it . 
  france probably would have built a second carrier if they thought they would have been able to afford it , but they barely managed to scrape the cash together for just one .
