  so let 's go over this . 
  things france has over the uk - carrier ( until 2020 when the uk gets two carriers both larger than the french one ) things that the uk has over france - support fleet almost 10x as large , larger and more diverse military transport fleet including 60 chinooks ( extremely useful ) stop deluding yourself . 
  carri i 'm not saying that the british are superior , even though i do think that we are more capable and experienced when it comes to power projection and will eclipse france in this regard by 2020 . 
  my original point was that france has no good examples of power projection and that the falklands was not the only example of british power projection . 
  small african operations that even spain could perform hardly count . 
  leading a campaign does not = high power projection . 
  how ignorant you must be to think that the falklands was the last time the uk displayed its ability for power projection . 
  uk - 45,000 troops in iraq uk - 25,000 troops , 2500 armored vehicles in the gulf war uk - two supercarriers ( 2020 ) _____________________ france - 18,000 troops in gulf war france - 3000 troops in mali france - one carrier the uk also has 4 times as many amphibious assault ships , more/heavier transport aircraft and actually has transport helicopters . 
  france does n't have anywhere near the capability royal navy auxiliary which is incredibly useful for supporting operations abroad . 
  all of france 's fast fleet tankers together displace 35,000 tons , vs the uk 's 80,000 tons , and then there are the two 24,000 ton displacement replenishment ships , one 33,000 ton multi-role replenishment ship , four 23,000 ton displacement sealift ships , a 28,000 ton displacement training/hospital ship and a 35,000 ton displacement tanker . 
  that 's 316,000 tons of support ships for the royal navy , which allows for more intense and prolonged deployments abroad . 
  i know i 'm saying the ship tonnage a lot , but for transport and replenishment ships it 's pretty important . 
  france leading small expeditions is no proof of power projection . 
   you 're still traumatised by it . 
  ... what ? 
  what kind of dumbass idiocy is this ? 
  why would we be traumatized over a war we won that even the us did n't think we could win ? 
  argentinians are the ones who still make a big deal out of it . 
   not exactly a relevant question . 
  except it kind of is , being able to project power is important for globally oriented militaries . 
  france lead a few medium sized operations against impoverished third world soldiers in mali . 
  the fact that the country is huge does n't matter at all when you 're not trying to occupy the country and especially not when the country actually supports you . 
  so what is the uk 's new place in the world ? 
  great power before , great power now . 
  less influence in the eu . 
  the eu does n't make or break power . 
  i 'm guessing by anti-nuke he means anti-nuclear power , which is clean, 
  and even more respect to the queen of the other , bigger empire on which the sun never sets . 
  makes sense though , there 's no reason for putin to start any beef with spain by being late . 
  spain is chill . 
  i did n't realize leaving the eu meant physically leaving europe . 
  well we 're taking the gulf stream then , fuck you guys . 
  why are we `` also '' ? 
   companies want to export everything possible before the tariffs arrive exports have n't risen that much . 
  companies are n't panic selling and the rest of the world definitely is n't panic buying . 
   brits are buying stuff like crazy because there is a lot of pressure for prices to go up . 
  the vast majority of brits either do n't care or are n't economically savvy enough to change their buying habits in response to very slight increases in price . 
  it 's just consumer confidence rising . 
  that quality of life index seems dodgy as fuck . 
  south africa above south korea , japan , the uk and france in purchasing power ? 
  saudi arabia and israel above spain and norway in the safety index ? 
  you 're right , spain was the most powerful empire of its time . 
  corrected above comment . 
  haha obviously , i know americans have a stereotype for being fat but i 'd never assume that a burger with donuts for buns was a normal thing , even in the us . 
  the only reason i even know it exists is the boondocks . 
  who 'd want to eat shit like that when you have authentic mexican food . 
  lucky bastards , i have to get catch a train just to get a decent burrito . 
  diabeetus in burger form, 
  [ you put donuts on burgers !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luther_burger ), 
  yeah but you still call crisps chips so does any of that power even really matter . 
  just because france had more timezones does n't mean it had more reach . 
  the british empire was larger , had a the world 's most dominant navy ( by far ) and controlled global trade , thanks to said navy . 
  it had far more reach . 
  the british empire never `` outpowered '' rivals because it was never forced to . 
  its power was in its navy , and it 's common knowledge that * nobody * could challenge its navy at its peak . 
  its army was n't as impressive , obviously , because it did n't need to be . 
  the british empires share of global gdp at its height was around 20 % . 
  that 's far more than any other european power ( bar the roman empire ) ever reached . 
  no european empire other than the roman empire was ever as dominant as the british empire . 
  i know i have a uk flair , but i 'm not boasting or anything , i 'm just stating fact . 
  oh yeah , france was the dominant land power for sure , that 's not disagreeing that 's just fact . 
  napoleonic france was a monster . 
  it 's just that the british empire was the most powerful in the world overall while the french empire had its ridiculously powerful army but was only really dominant in europe . 
  i never said i feel good about the empire . 
  i was just saying that you ca n't compare the french , spanish or portuguese empires to the british empire when none of them were ever the dominant global power like you seem to think they were . 
   and before that the french , the dutch , the spanish and the portuguese for similar periods . 
  none of them ever had the reach or power of the british empire . 
  i 'm not boasting , i 'm stating fact , so calm your fucking tits . 
  linking that wikipedia article to prove a point is pathetic by the way . 
  `` was a successful and daring attack conducted by the dutch navy deep upriver targeting the largest english naval battleships at a time when most were virtually unmanned and unarmed , laid up due to lack of funding in the fleet anchorages off chatham dockyard and gillingham in the county of kent . '', 
  yeah , burning down unarmed and unmanned ships . 
  what an imbecile you are , linking that as if it means anything at all . 
  also , british people having bad teeth is an outdated stereotype . 
  stop acting like such a pathetic child . 
  the british empire was n't at its peak in 1667 funnily enough , and i never said we were history 's greatest , just that we were a superpower and the largest empire in history at our peak . 
  stop being so butthurt . 
  well , the british empire * was * the largest in history and was the most powerful global power for a century . 
  the french , spanish and portuguese never reached the level of the british empire at its peak . 
  none of them except for spain were the most powerful country in the world at their height , and even then they did n't reach the level of the british . 
  there 's a reason that pax britannica was a thing while pax francias and pax spain ( if that 's even how you 'd say it ) were n't dropping from being the most powerful and largest empire in the history of humanity is farther than france , spain or portugal ever fell . 
  except no , because the polls are pure bullshit as we should seriously know by now , i mean come the fuck on . 
  all the polls said remain would win , yet it lost . 
  all the polls said trump would lose , yet he won . 
  fuck polls . 
  nothing corrupt about it , it 's just kinda stupid . 
  cool though . 
  british humor is really popular tho and we always make jokes ... usually about ourselves y u got ta hurt me in the feelings on christmas mane, 
   you british . 
  oh wait , you 're actually british ( see , i just made a joke ) . 
  whatever joke you made flew right over my head . 
  very confused . 
  not a text file , but still contains text . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  milan is the economic center of italy though, 
  `` as well as increasing the supply of labour , there will be an increase in the demand for labour -- relating to the increased spending within the economy . 
  ceteris paribus , net migration should lead to an increase in real gdp . 
  the impact on real gdp per capita is less certain . '', 
  http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/6399/economics/impact-of-immigration-on-uk-economy/ they are an economic benefit for gdp , but not necessarily for gdp per head which is what matters . 
  fact is the price of houses * is * rising and so are the prices for everything else including fuel .
