   also yeah , it 's probably because you 're racist you want less immigration because there 's really no other reason . 
  i 'm fine with immigration , just not as much as we 're getting now . 
  to say that the only reason to want to limit immigration is racism is just unbelievable . 
  there are n't enough houses being built to cope with the increase in population . 
  it 's already hard enough to afford your own home , more demand for housing will just make it even harder . 
  also , for the record , i did n't vote leave . 
  honestly , if i was in the middle about it and a cunt called me a racist just for wanting less immigration , i 'd want to vote leave just to spite them . 
  you do n't win people over to your side by insulting them . 
  makes sense why out won now . 
  _____________________ edit - sick of replying to comments saying the same thing over and over again , so i 'll just stick it here . 
  edited the original comment too . 
  i was just trying to make a point , did n't know i 'd get so many replies . 
  - not racist - did n't vote leave - would n't actually vote the opposite way to spite someone, 
  super jesus and his army of panthers, 
  i 'd rather be cold and wet under a blank , white sheet of clouds than sweaty and hot under a blank , white sheet of clouds . 
  who needs good weather when you live under perpetual overcast . 
   so why would you compare country sizes ? 
  because it 's still relevant . 
  the uk is n't literally full of people , but it 's a small country with a high population so most of the land area is agricultural . 
  there is n't much more room unless you want to destroy the green belts around cities . 
  nobody * asked * me about it , i was talking about the original comment i replied to , but i dunno how to tag him and reply to you in the same comment . 
  who said the uk is literally full of people ? 
  i know we 're not all stood shoulder to shoulder dipshit , but our infrastructure and social services ca n't support more people , yet people think 300,000 extra people in half a year is a fucking * blessing * of all things . 
  migration is fine , but not on this level . 
  98 % of the country is n't urban because most of it is farmland . 
  70 % of the land area in the uk is agricultural land . 
  just because it is n't urban does n't mean it 's available , so unless you want to chop down a lot of forests , we do n't have much more room . 
  the `` and their culture will enrich the british culture '' bit from the comment i replied to is also assuming a lot about where the immigrants are from . 
  i 'm fine with european , american and asian culture , but middle eastern culture is fucking backwards and impedes social progress , i 'd rather have none of that . 
  you ca n't quantify culture , but everyone agrees that italy is one of the kings of culture . 
  you may have misinterpreted `` italy is only decent when it comes to culture '' as me saying that italy 's culture is only decent . 
  i meant that out of economy , military and culture , italy only really excels in culture . 
  italy 's culture is amazeballs . 
  anyway , i edited that comment so that it 's more clear . 
  we have n't been normans for like , what , 900 years ? 
  saying that the uk 's rulers are historically french because of the blip that was norman rule is so stupid . 
  in that case , france ca n't have a rivalry with italy , since they 're just ex-romans and the people in charge are historically roman . 
  when the fuck have you ever heard of countries having a rivalry over the weather and mountain height ? 
  how can you have a rivalry over things that neither country has any influence over ? 
  that 's stupid as fuck . 
  what 's next , countries having coastline length rivalries ? 
  average humidity rivalries ? 
  our food is awful ? 
  coming from the cunts that eat frogs . 
  i 'll take our curry , fish and chips and full english breakfast thanks . 
  when comparing economy , military , culture , you know , the things that countries have rivalries over , italy only really excels in culture . 
   a lot of immigrants is a blessing do n't be fucking daft , we 're a small country . 
  for canada or america , it 's great , they 're huge . 
  we ca n't accommodate more people . 
  we 're as large as one state . 
  america has 50 states , yet only 5x the population . 
  france/uk rivalry makes sense in modern times because they have very similar populations , very similar sized economies and very similar military power . 
  comparing france to italy is unfair , france is just better in too many ways . 
  italy 's economy is going down the toilet and their military is n't that strong and never does anything anyway . 
  just because there are some dumbass stereotypes round your parts does n't mean they 're true . 
  i 'm wondering the same thing about you . 
  not just in london , in manchester too , burka 's are n't hard to find . 
  i do too , they 're a common sight . 
  why the fuck would he lie about it , no need to act like an ass . 
  well , the school shootings and whatnot probably do n't help . 
  top 10 are all either european countries or anglo countries . 
  europe rules, 
  so when you leave the eu , you stop existing from their point of view ? 
  o shit, 
  brexit can easily be argued to be negative because of the economic effects , but privacy is a bit more complicated . 
  if the majority of the british public * did * support the government monitoring them , would that really be stupid or bad ? 
  it 's more subjective really . 
  i 'm not saying i support this , i definitely do not , but if the majority did then i honestly do n't see what 's wrong with it , though i seriously doubt that the british public would support this . 
   they seem to support a lot of really stupid things and i can not for the life of me figure out why . 
  the only `` stupid '' thing the british public supported recently was brexit . 
  the predictions were n't based on triggering article 50 without a plan . 
  it was after the vote that we all found out that the government had no idea what to do . 
   what we have right now is uncertainty . 
  we 're not even sure may will trigger article 50 in march . 
  if you 're sure about it i 'm sure you 'll be putting your money where your mouth is . 
  say article 50 was triggered the morning after . 
  what then ? 
  there 'd still be uncertainty , companies and investors would want to know the results of the negotiations before making any big decisions . 
  soft vs hard brexit is economically almost as important as stay vs leave . 
  most of the economic impact would not have been immediate . 
  some would have a knee-jerk reaction , but must would wait until they * know * what 's going to happen . 
  which is why article 50 being triggered immediately would not have been much worse than currently , everything is still uncertain , and the predictions were just too pessimistic no matter how you look at it . 
  * five * * times * lower growth was predicted . 
  that 's just daft . 
  did you seriously not read anything i said before replying ? 
  if you 're going to take the piss and do that , i 'll just copy and paste what i said before . 
   it is now clear that the government is intent on triggering article 50 . 
  it 's almost certain that we 'll leave . 
  investors and companies are well aware of that . 
  if the predicted post-vote economic shitfest was going to happen , it would have happened by now , or at the very least , we would n't be doing this much better than predicted . 
  the majority of the market is n't going to wait until article 50 is triggered , investors and companies move preemptively . 
  a lot of them are probably going to wait until negotiations are finished before making any big decisions . 
  whether we trigger article 50 the day after or the year after , if it 's pretty much guaranteed to happen , it 's going to have nearly the same economic effect , and as we can see , the predicted economic effect was wrong . 
  i keep repeating it ? 
  that 's the first comment i 've made in this thread . 
  and even if article 50 was triggered the morning after , we 'd still be in the eu for ~ 2 years . 
  we would n't have instantly left . 
  it is now clear that the government is intent on triggering article 50 . 
  it 's almost certain that we 'll leave . 
  investors and companies are well aware of that .
