romania is over 130 times larger than london . 
  half of the population of romania in one city . 
   ppp is a phony measure for total productivity well it 's a good thing you provided that other measure that 's more accurate for comparing nations with different currencies . 
  oh wait , you did n't . 
  you just claimed that france has a larger economy with no basis other than `` muh euro '' while pooh-poohing nominal and ppp . 
  but please do continue to make shit up . 
  you 're economically illiterate and are literally making shit up as you go . 
  the uk is not overvalued because of not having the euro , that makes absolutely no sense . 
   it likely is quite far back actually you say based on * absolutely * nothing . 
  when you compare the uk and france in terms of ppp , the uk is still larger . 
  when you compare them nominally with us dollars or euros , the uk is larger . 
  when you compare growth rates , the uk is and has been growing much faster . 
   yet you have a spastic fit over polish who ? 
  those few guys out of a population of 60 million who attacked some poles ? 
  i did n't realize they were our national representatives . 
  also , you 're talking complete and utter fucking shite . 
   polish , of whom we have more of in ireland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_diaspora 122,000 poles in ireland 700,000-1 ,000,000 in the uk, 
  you 've simplified it * way * , * waaaaay * too much . 
  if spain invaded gibraltar ( the only thing that could cause a war ) , nobody would help them , because they would be the aggressor . 
  at the very least , nobody would support spain military . 
  france is n't going to declare war on the uk because the uk retaliated against a spanish invasion of gibraltar . 
  they 're not obligated to , the eu is n't nato . 
  to believe something like that could happen you 'd have to be utterly deluded . 
  nato being obligated to respond does n't mean the us would throw its full power at spain , nukes and all , and it does n't mean eu vs us/uk/canada war . 
  you must have a very basic grasp of politics if you think world wars can break out as easily as you 're making out . 
   and a military budget twice that of spain just a bit more than twice . 
  uk - $ 55.5 billion spain - $ 14.1 billion  that would pretty much start a world war and the destruction of the human race as we know it . 
  ... how ? 
  spain does n't have nukes , how the fuck could a war between the uk and spain trigger a world war , much less the destruction of the human race ? 
  spain is going super saiyan 3, 
   a nuke would revoke mad it would n't revoke it , it would guarantee it if there were soviet tanks in the tunnel . 
   non-anglophone redditors why did you need to throw that bit in ? 
  if they were british or american saying the same thing i 'd still call them retards . 
  does n't matter where you 're from , if you 're a dumbass , you 're a dumbass . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  it 's a * very * big deal , clearly , but just because they voted against remaining in a political union does not make them insane . 
  people had their reasons , whether they were ignorant , curious , informed , misled , it does n't matter , very few of them were insane . 
  your dumb asses are insane if you think the definition of insanity is disagreeing with you . 
  you also read things that are n't there , so clearly something is up . 
  regions , also known as regions ? 
  do n't see the need for the aka there, 
   petty country of renters we have pretty much the same rate of home ownership . 
   while everything that made its greatness ( industry , innovation ) is gone the uk is more innovative than france and manufactures more . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_innovation_index http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/industry/manufacturing-output  only living on their banksters the uk has one of the most complex economies in the world , ranking higher than france . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/rankings/country/ we 're growing faster than you and our unemployment is lower . 
  we invest more and are invested in more than france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_received_fdi https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_fdi_abroad but please , go on . 
  sure , if you apply the current exchange rate to last years gdp figures , which is something only a pleb would do . 
  take the average of the exchange rates over the last few years and apply it to current gdp figures and you might have a case to make . 
  52 % of the british population are insane just because they voted to leave a political union ? 
  you 're off your fucking rocker . 
   the uk was never 100 % committed to the uk anyway true dat, 
  looks like random flecks of color to me , unless you think those black bits in the white box are black stars . 
   also , that butterfly is flying out of the vast freedom of infinite space into a white box . 
  the eu is vast freedom and infinite space but the rest of the world is a box ? 
  you 're on some fucking strong crack . 
  yep . 
  post an image of the eu train chugging forward while the uk detaches and falls behind , or an image of depicting the uk as a sinking ship while merkel watches saluting and you 're all good . 
  but god fucking forbid you do the opposite . 
  bunch of cunts . 
  it would n't help much with our trade balance , but trade balance is n't what gets countries into situations like greece . 
  hell , their trade deficit got * smaller * after their financial meltdown even though their debt was skyrocketing . 
  i 'm not * complaining * about it being biased , i 'm just stating that it * is * biased and that 's why people are talking about it . 
  the image never stated that it was an economic comparison . 
  seemed more like a comparison of relevance . 
   well , glad you ignored what 's between parenthesis  london is really , really important and is having a large effect thanks to its absolute dominance , but if you think it 's rich enough to raise the standards that high around the rest of the country you 're delusional . 
  pretty much all of england is growing at close to the national rate . 
  and yeah , youth employment levels around yorkshire are a bit spotty , but nationwide it 's quite good . 
  i mean , in what you linked , the worst region in yorkshire ( bradford ) has youth unemployment of 26 % while spain as a whole is at 42 % . 
  the uk as a whole is at * 12 * percent . 
  france is at 23 % and italy 37 % . 
  germany is at 6 % , but still , the uk rate is still really good compared to most of the eu . 
  i 'm not complaining about it being biased , i 'm stating the truth . 
  it shows the eu surging forward while the uk detaches and falls behind . 
  if that 's not biased then i dunno what is . 
  i like the eu and i like the uk , i want both to succeed so this image does n't bother me , but it 's undeniably biased . 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  i never said to you that the eu is causing problems ( though greece having eu denominated debt while having no control over the currency is seriously not helping itself ) . 
  also , luxembourg is a tiny , * tiny * country . 
  not really fair to compare it to countries with over 50 million inhabitants . 
  a trade surplus is good , but one as big as germany 's is * not * good , especially for the rest of the eu . 
  better than a deficit though obviously . 
  i was just using greece as an example of a country in an * actual * shitty economic situation , not as an example of why the eu is a failure . 
  the us and china are n't just economic areas though , they 're fully-fledged nation states with their own military , central government and sovereign territory . 
  the eu is an organization of sovereign states , it 's not the same at all . 
  maybe if brazil was n't there , but putting the eu on the same level as china or the us is stupid . 
  it 's an organization , not a country . 
  a very clearly biased one . 
  would you prefer people just do n't talk about shit when presented with something clearly intended to provoke certain people ? 
  imagine if this was the other way around , fuck me . 
   you 'd still see only england ( and only london really ) is ahead . 
  oh , so only like 80 % of our population . 
  nothing much then . 
   no , they 're part of the eu , so they 're ahead of the uk by any measure any measure ? 
  what about gdp per capita , gdp growth or unemployment ? 
  or foreign direct investment ? 
  or any other meaningful measure ? 
  most of our debt is in our own currency . 
  greece is stuck with debts denominated in euro , they 're in a bit of a situation . 
  i never said greece was in a mess because of the euro , i 'm just giving an example of a country that has been dragged through the shitter economically .
