  you really fucking think if anyone said something like that here it would n't be downvoted into oblivion instantly ? 
  i 'm not saying they should n't be downvoted , chest-beating on either side is retarded , but this sub has an eu-bias . 
  most people do n't read the obscured low-rated comments . 
  he never said that he judged you purely from your eu flair , it was just the combination of that and the fact that you 're active in this sub that made him think you 're a europhile . 
  he guessed that you were economically illiterate because you implied that the uk 's success is due to being in the eu while its downfalls are all because of brexit , which is simplistic to say the least . 
  it might be time for you to take a deep breath and learn to fuckin ' read . 
  well the uk already voted leave and france may be about to get le pen , not to mention the recent surge of nationalism . 
  if there was ever a time when the eu seemed about to fall apart , it 's now . 
  france has nuclear weapons . 
  a unified europe is n't necessary to deter russia , as long as you have nukes and seem willing to use them . 
  whether or not you actually are is irrelevant . 
  besides , russia has no interest in war with europe . 
  their main goal is to surround themselves with buffer-states . 
   people doing victory laps and slagging off europe for not being amazing and smart like us not seen that happen once , you 're chatting absolute bollocks . 
  there 's definitely a strain of anti-uk in this subreddit after the vote . 
  if you speak out against the `` brexit is worse than cancer '' circlejerk you get downvoted into oblivion , even if you 're not necessarily being pro-brexit . 
  you do realize that the us is still the most powerful and influential nation on earth right ? 
  if it wants to push its policy , it does n't need the uk 's assistance . 
  we just made it easier . 
  nobody is getting sensitive about calling the uk and ireland islands . 
  where the hell 'd you get that from ? 
  i just think it 's stupid when people say that the uk is n't in/a part of europe anymore just because we left the eu . 
  i never said anything about them calling us islands . 
  i know there 's an old divide , why do you think i said we 're on the european side of the urals ? 
  they mark the boundaries of what we call europe . 
  i never said europe had its own continental plate . 
  just because there is n't a landbridge between the uk and europe does n't mean it 's physically disconnected from the continent . 
  did you not do geography ? 
  we 're on the same continental plate . 
  we 're on the european side of the urals . 
  we 're on the same continent . 
  british exit from uefa . 
  obviously . 
  we mostly use `` europe '' as shorthand for `` mainland europe '' , that 's why . 
  edit - fuck me , state a fact ( not even offensive at all ) and get downvoted into oblivion . 
  you cunts are just proving my point . 
  this is one cancerous anti-uk piece of fucking shit subreddit . 
  i did n't realize we were physically disconnecting ourselves from the continent . 
  if we have the power to do that then we really do n't need the eu . 
  this is one cancerous anti-uk piece of shit subreddit . 
  imply that uk is n't in europe anymore and you get upvoted . 
  take the piss out of said comment because we 're not leaving europe , we 're leaving the eu , and you get downvoted . 
  y' aight ? 
  i 'd think irish people can disagree . 
  they want sovereignty and that 's that . 
  just because we 're culturally similar does n't mean we should be one nation . 
  the uk , us , canada , australia and new zealand are extremely similar in most ways , we even have a deep intelligence alliance through five eyes . 
  does n't mean we should all join up and make a super anglosphere nation . 
  why is ireland pointless though ? 
  curious as to why you think that, 
  ... ireland ? 
  why should n't iceland be on there ? 
  it has a minuscule population sure , but still . 
   in all seriousness anyone could do that with wales too absolutely fuckin ' not . 
  wales is poor relative to the rest of the uk , but it 's nowhere * near * as bad as what you see in romania . 
  the poorest area in the uk is 75 % of the eu average . 
  that 's like 30 % higher than the average in romania , and that 's gdp ppp per capita . 
  in nominal terms it 's a lot worse . 
  in the uk the poorest areas look like [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.photoeverywhere.co.uk/britain/manchester/moss_side_streets_urbanpc299195.jpg ) in romania , the poorest areas look like [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.richestlifestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/romania-poverty.jpg ), 
  you 're right , finland is n't even real so they definitely should n't be on this list, 
   you will be stuck with the f35b while we have the rafale on our carrier . 
  what 's wrong with the f-35 ? 
   it gives the us a lot of say in the uk army not at all . 
  the us has no control over the british military . 
  we use their american missiles for our nukes and we use the f-35 ( which we manufacture 10 % of ) , but that hardly impedes on our sovereignty . 
  we create almost everything else on our own . 
  our carriers , our tanks , our vehicles and our guns . 
  our tank armor is the best in the world , even the us relies on it . 
  almost all of our apaches were built by us , though even if we had bought them all from the us , nobody makes anything nearly as good as american attack helicopters . 
  all that said , if sovereignty really matters then we got the leg up on you by leaving the eu . 
  there 's nothing wrong with gas turbines . 
  cheaper to maintain , easier to run and can has a range of over 10,000 miles without refueling so it can cover any distance it needs to . 
  the royal auxiliary can keep it going all around the planet . 
  better than maintaining just one nuclear carrier . 
  it becomes worth going nuclear when you have as many carriers as the us , but when it 's just the one the price is n't worth it . 
  economies of scale make the us supercarrier fleet worth it . 
   so even if your carrier is bigger , the french one will be better just because the french carrier is catobar does n't mean that it 's better . 
  catobar with the f-35 has a very slightly longer range , while stovl is easier to replace than catobar airframes . 
  neither make or break a carrier . 
  the french carrier * is * nuclear , and that would be an advantage in a few scenarios . 
  much more expensive to maintain though . 
  overall i 'd say they 're probably about equal even though the rn carriers are larger , but like you said we have two of them . 
  about the same as before , just slightly less , which is why we 're still projected to grow even after leaving the eu . 
  i swear , people are acting like the eu was supporting a crippled uk . 
  the uk will be fine independent . 
  we 'll definitely be a bit worse off , but not hugely . 
  but we were given the deactivation codes , so how am i being revisionist ? 
  fact is we won the war , so how would the uk have been traumatized ? 
  the country was up in jubilation after we won . 
   us aknowledges france as its biggest military ally for years now yeah , except no . 
  this has not been said by any us official , so do n't chat shit . 
  france has a carrier , fair enough . 
  it 's not at all necessary for small african operations like you seem to think though . 
  [ if argentina invaded , the islands are very well defended and the rest of the navy is more than sufficient for defending it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fg5amio4ju ) the uk could easily support small african operations . 
  we put 45,000 troops on the ground in iraq , the fuck makes you think we could ' t do peacekeeping in africa ? 
  a carrier is n't needed for that fact is , the uk is getting two carriers in three short years and already has a vastly , vastly superior support fleet for operations abroad and a more well rounded air transport fleet . 
  france can bring a carrier but it ca n't support large numbers of troops for a long period of time with just a carrier can it ?
