  as for the pay , who knows . 
  our minimum wage is pretty high so the pay is probably decent enough . 
  why is this being downvoted at all ? 
  do some people just not like it when countries do decently ? 
  edit - it 's not as bad now . 
  was around 60 % when i commented this , though i admit that i jumped the gun a bit . 
  that said , there are still a lot of people in the comments downplaying it . 
  i was n't , i actually think that people who get properly sad over leaving a political and economic union are idiots . 
  feeling that it was a bad decision is fine and makes sense , but feeling `` genuinely heart broken '' over it ? 
  it 's fuckin ' stupid . 
  if i was taking the piss out of trump , i would 've said sad , not pathetic . 
  yeah i 'm not denying it 's a bad choice economically , just saying that our economy is n't entirely dependent on the eu like some people think . 
  i do n't know if you know how trade works , but we 're not going to lose our ability to trade with the eu after we stop being a member , so we 're not gon na lose 10 % of our gdp . 
  you 're not a whiny cunt for worrying about the uk 's position in a decade , you 're a whiny cunt for being a whiny cunt . 
  calling me a blind patriot just for not being entirely negative , absolutely pathetic . 
  how is it blind patriotism ? 
  i 'm just being realistic . 
  so fucking stupid , say the world is n't ending and apparently you 're a blind patriot . 
  bunch of whinging cunts , even by british standards . 
  as much as i hate the tories , they did the right thing here . 
  uncertainty is really bad for the markets , and if we 'd stayed in the single market it would have made leaving the eu pointless . 
  and fuck you for being such a pathetic little whinging bitch over it , good god . 
  us british love a good moan but this is just stupid . 
  our economy will be fine and the british passport will continue to be among the most powerful in the world , stop being such a damn drama queen . 
  why would you be genuinely heart broken over leaving an economic union ? 
  pathetic . 
  no , not 45 % of the british economy at all . 
  45 % of british exports go to the eu . 
  exports account for 27 % of british gdp , so exports to the eu account for around 12 % of british gdp . 
  leaving the eu does n't mean trade will halt , so no . 
  our economy does n't rely on the eu . 
  part of relies on trade * with * the eu . 
  same as always ? 
  where are these other countries that were destroyed by investors panicking ? 
  investors panic over uncertainty . 
  it 's not certain that we 're going to leave the eu and leave the single market . 
  if investors were panicking the pound would n't have risen . 
  gon na be waiting a long ass time . 
  growth is still predicted . 
  how the economy is gon na go and die during decent growth is beyond me . 
  so about 10 % of our gdp relies on european trade . 
  does not mean at all that our economy relies on being a member of the eu . 
  you 're fucking stupid yourself if you think drunken british tourists will disappear because of the eu vote . 
  i never said we would n't have to renegotiate and i ever said the eu was n't beneficial . 
  we 'll have to renegotiate a free-trade deal with the eu , but trade will still continue , you fuckwit . 
  i 'm being realistic , trade will continue and the economy is still growing . 
  you 're the delusional moron . 
  it means no more free-trade and no more free movement . 
  it does n't mean no more fucking exports at all . 
  if you 're going hurry the fuck up . 
  scottish independence has n't been a major topic in ages . 
  about half of our exports will continue going to the eu . 
  just because we 're leaving does n't mean trade will immediately stop . 
   good luck negotiating the same as a single state alone like every single other nation outside of the eu then . 
  we do n't need luck , we 're fine . 
  such a nice thing to say , and you wonder why the uk voted to leave . 
  good riddance to the eu . 
  most experts are predicting slower growth , but still growth . 
  nothing world-ending , but in the short to medium term it 's going to be slightly worse than had we remained a member of the eu . 
  we 'll have to wait a couple decades to see the true effects leaving had on our economy . 
  you think the entire british economy relies on being a member of the eu ? 
  jesus christ , seeing people like you try to act smart is beyond cringe-worthy . 
  spain 's unemployment rate is 19 % . 
  growing or not , that is * bad * . 
  it is falling , but the fact of the matter is it 's still at 19 % . 
  sorry but you 're deluded if you think spain is in the clear yet . 
  it is very much a clusterfuck of an economy right now , at least compared to other european countries . 
  you 're making it sound like the eu sucks the life out of its neighbors to succeed . 
  the uk will be fine and so will the eu . 
  - have chocolate bar with romanian flag - national ego is shit - put american flag on wrapper - romanians get angry and want romanian chocolate bar back , national ego inflates - change wrapping back to romanian flag - ??? 
  a nuclear bluff is easier because russia is n't interested in fighting with europe , as i said . 
  they want buffer zones around the country . 
  nato is already enough , whether the us is in it or not , because of article 5 . 
  if the us , uk and france are n't doing anything now a unified europe sure as fuck wo n't deter russia . 
  i 'm not suggesting using nukes , i 'm suggesting that we appear willing to use them . 
  it 's completely fucking pointless having nukes if the enemy does n't think you 'll use them . 
  she 's behind but you never know what may actually happen . 
  there 's caring and then saying over 10,000,000 people are uncaring for voting in their interests rather than in the interests of 30,000 people . 
  do you know every single person who voted brexit ? 
  did you ask them whether they considered gibraltar ? 
  did they tell you that they just did n't give a shit about them ? 
  then shove a fucking spud in it . 
  fact of the matter is either most people did n't know that gibraltar even existed and the ones that did thought that it was n't important enough to be worth changing their vote over , which is fair enough . 
  and you just compared a vote that went against gibraltar 's interests to defending one of our territories after it was invaded by another sovereign nation . 
  so yes , you are an absolute fucking imbecile . 
  yeah , but back then the threat of mutually assured destruction was n't a thing . 
  russia does n't want war with nato because it would lose the conventional war and because everyone loses in nuclear war . 
  they 're in nato , russia is n't stupid enough to do something that would absolutely certainly result in ww3 . 
  maybe finland , though i think most western nations would come to the aid of a developed country like finland . 
  not that finland exists or anything . 
  russia has always wanted a buffer-zone around itself , which is n't a surprise considering how much of russia 's vast territory is undefended . 
  i at least can say for sure that their main goal is n't to engulf themselves and europe in nuclear fire . 
  they are n't interested in western europe or even most of eastern europe . 
  they 're not so stupid as to try invading , say , poland . 
  nobody wants ww3 . 
  depends how far east we 're talking . 
  i 'm absolutely sure they would n't do anything for countries like belarus and ukraine that are ' t in the eu or nato . 
  france needs to show that it has the weapons and it is willing to use them , even if it 's not . 
  it 's not going to do much though if the country russia wants a piece of is some third-world wreck like ukraine with no military allies . 
  i 've seen both , but not on this subreddit .
