  i guess they 're just the not the kind of people to protest . 
  lazy ? 
  indifferent ? 
  no idea . 
  all i know is that british people are n't weak , and generalizing them or any other nation 's people as such is fucking retarded . 
  weak ? 
  no , the same `` strength '' as anyone else in europe , just protesting the wrong fuckin ' things . 
  all of our protesters are leftists who only give a shit about trump and brexit . 
   there 's literally nothing stopping you from moving to germany this very instance family and friends ? 
  attachments are pretty important . 
  obsolete ? 
  that 's some incredible stupidity . 
  even the old fifth-generation f-22 is n't obsolete , so how the fuck is the f-35 managing to be 10-15 years out of date when the f-22 was only finished 17 years ago ? 
  i 've never noticed the water tasting like copper . 
  then again , i live in the north . 
  i hear bad things about the water in the south east . 
  france will be third world before us , even if we have to nuke the entire planet . 
  there 's no way we 're falling behind you frogs . 
  uk ppp per capita was higher than france in 2016 and we grew way faster than them that year ... and now in 2017 after that we 're slightly behind ? 
  and ireland is at * 72,000 * ? 
  they 're above norway ? 
  what ? 
  good god , imf were smoking some stronk ass crack when making these estimates . 
  neither method is `` more accurate '' , but ppp is generally better for comparing standard of living because it accounts for local prices and is n't loopy like nominal because it is n't effected by exchange rate fluctuations . 
  if you 're comparing gdp per capita , ppp is probably best . 
  he pretty much said that the royal navy was the main enforcer of the monroe doctrine for most of the 19th century . 
  it stopped other european powers from interfering with america . 
  what are you going on about ? 
   if a deal profits another country more , but is still the best solution for the country , it 's a good deal then that 's still putting your own country first . 
  people who put their country can still think in terms of `` is that the best way to help my country ? '', 
  and usually do . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  if the trade deal gratuitously screws over the uk , i doubt we 'd accept it . 
  kind of defeats the point of a trade deal if it fucks us over . 
  no problem , it 's what i do ^ ^ ^ walks ^ ^ ^ into ^ ^ ^ bush ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ disappears, 
   not satisfied with living in a country populated by morons , apparently . 
  generalizing an entire country as a bunch of morons and that one guy as the enlightened special fucking snowflake . 
  you now have 0 credibility . 
  what 's unbelievably about it ? 
  that 's literally the exact reason trump has n't stopped talking about those countries , because american jobs are being moved overseas where the wages are lower . 
  have you been living under a fucking rock ? 
  him wanting to build a wall and bring industry back to the us from mexico and china was n't exactly kept a secret . 
  the uk is n't mexico . 
  trump has links to the uk through his parents , his own mother is scottish . 
  since donald trump seems to be a pretty emotional leader , that 's important . 
  typical though , calling the uk a shitty island . 
  not satisfied with living in one of the richest , most developed and progressive countries in the world ? 
  pull your head out of your fucking ass . 
  people keep saying that , but putting your own country first is what every leader should be doing and most already are doing , dipshit . 
  it does n't mean good trade deals ca n't be struck . 
  trump 's beef is with mexico and china , poor countries that companies use for cheap labor , not rich allied countries like the uk . 
  well as i said , i do n't live in london , so it 's reet . 
  well i 'm not going to be inciting terrorist attacks so i should be fine . 
  plus i do n't live in the shithole that is london , where all of this crap is taking place . 
  i would n't count looking at twitter posts as spying . 
  checking on my internet history and whatnot , sure , that 's spying . 
  but if i 'm publicly posting something on twitter and somebody found out about it , i would n't call them a spy . 
  i 'm completely fine with a `` database state '' if it means keeping illegal immigrants out of our nhs and stopping terrorist attacks . 
  the thing is with keeping tabs on everyone is , if you have that much information you ca n't process it all . 
  it 's just too much . 
  they 're only looking for terrorists and serious criminals , they 're not spying on everyday people . 
  it 's a health service for * british * citizens . 
  we do n't have any obligation to allow anyone other than british citizens access to our health system . 
   the uk `` rich bits '' are just places 3rd world politicians hide their stolen aid money or eu funding . 
  absolutely untrue but you just go ahead and keep on believing whatever dumbass bullshit you want . 
   then we 'll happily take you back . 
  we do n't want to come back though . 
  making a clean exit and then joining again would just be stupid and create more uncertainty . 
  even the imf admitted it was pessimistic about the results of brexit . 
  just accept it 's not as bad as everyone expected . 
  it 's still going to be a bit shit economically though . 
  i see , though even with those ships , they 're still vastly outclassed when it comes to power projection . 
  spain have a transport ship too in their auxiliary fleet . 
  two normal freight transport ships vs a carrier , two amphibious warfare ships and a transport ship . 
  the scandinavian union have no way to project air power , which is absolutely vital for modern war unless you 're on the defensive the entire time . 
   in reality , you do n't know what you have in the trident system since you can not break it down and reverse engineer it . 
  claiming otherwise is ridiculous . 
  i never said that we know what 's inside . 
  we do n't need to know . 
  we 've launched them before , we know they work and we know that we can choose their targets . 
  it might be possible that the us has some sort of system that prevents them from being used on american targets , though i doubt it . 
  a lot of misunderstanding in this thread . 
  the actual warheads themselves are british . 
  they use an american design , but they 're built here . 
  we do n't lease them or borrow them . 
  the delivery mechanism ( the missile ) is what we lease . 
  they 're fully independent , hell , we could launch them at washington dc if we wanted to . 
  it 's like buying a german pistol . 
  the germans made it , it 's german tech , but it 's ours now so we could shoot the seller if we wanted too . 
  we just do n't know the intricacies of the german pistol . 
  we could make our own missiles but there 's not really a need . 
  the warheads are british . 
  it 's only the delivery mechanism ( the missile ) that 's leased . 
   ground equipment : nordics  spain indeed  air superiority : nordics  spain it 's a mixed bag . 
  they 'd have just about an equal number of aircraft , but spain actually has attack helicopters . 
  spain has lots of f-18s while the su would have mostly gripens and f-16s . 
  they 're slightly behind in terms of air power . 
   marine power : spain is absolutely dwarfed ... 
  this is actually wrong . 
  gfp says that the scandinavian union would have a larger navy , but only because they 'd have more corvettes .
