  at that point it 's undeniable that the us has succeeded in invading europe . 
   its laughable really . 
  there are approx 75,000 ground troops in the spanish army alone . 
  with maybe 2000 armoured vehicles . 
  let 's start with who 'll defeat spain and how they 'll get there . 
  75,000 troops and 2000 armored vehicles mean * nothing * if the us has air superiority . 
  i specifically mentioned that but clearly you 're a bit special so i 've had to repeat it . 
  two carrier strike groups could take care of spain 's entire navy and air force . 
  160 f-35s vs 86 old f-18s and 59 typhoons , on top of support from us destroyers . 
   next time you compare numbers , stop , breath , pull up your pants , and try to remember that the entire us military ca n't just be magically expedited across the atlantic . 
  there 's 1,850,000 active troops in the eu . 
  china 's too far , russias too weak , the us is limited to what can be shipped or flown . 
  no country on earth can invade the eu . 
  you 're talking about a nation that had 500,000 soldiers in iraq , a war it was n't even fully dedicated to . 
  you know * nothing * of warfare , clearly , since you think troop numbers matter . 
  they do n't . 
  the eu is not a coordinated force . 
  it would be more accurate to say that all of the nations that make up the eu have 1.8 m troops between them . 
  the number advantage does n't matter anyway , not if the us has units on the ground with air support . 
  tanks and soldiers ca n't do shit against an f-35 or a warthog . 
   the us is limited to what can be shipped or flown the us has the largest support fleet on earth . 
  they could sustain an operation in europe better than most nations in europe could , and could definitely sustain a million troops abroad with their control of the atlantic . 
  the only exceptions are the uk and france . 
  germany , italy and spain have no expeditionary capability or experience . 
  if the us invaded portugal , only the uk , france and spain would really be of any help . 
  the eu is not invincible , it 's not one nation with one command unlike the us so it 's at disadvantage in terms of both raw numbers and logistics . 
  the eu is not a superpower . 
  maybe actually have a look at the eu and us military inventories . 
   it 's absolutely horrifying  cult-like feeling  from an eloquent diplomat like obama to an orange fascist businessman that eloquent diplomat expanded nsa powers massively before leaving office , but whatever  the country has basically become a business venture backed by trump brand marketing and russian influence . 
  just pathetic if you do n't think that 's being disrespectful , then i do n't even know what to say . 
  also , you 're definitely a bigot . 
  you 're shitting on a country for their inauguration ceremony just because it 's heavily christian . 
  it 's a thing called culture , it does n't mean they 're super hardcore christians , it 's just what they do , it does n't hurt anybody . 
  it 's tradition . 
  i 'm atheist but i accept that religion is a huge part of many western cultures even if they 're not necessarily religious anymore . 
  a few bible verses does n't mean anything . 
  i thought that was * incredibly * obvious but whatever . 
   bigot : a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . 
  you 're being intolerant towards americans , religion is a big part of their culture , though i guess nobody cares when a european is a dick to the yanks . 
  respect your own fucking rules . 
  the constant cloud cover is pretty boring , but if you 're swedish then you 're delusional if you think sweden is any better . 
  you get less sunlight than us and it 's even colder . 
  at least we have some nice warmer areas in the south like bournemouth , devon and cornwall . 
   but theres a fucking ocean to contend with well , good fucking thing they have the most powerful navy on earth with 11 supercarriers and the world 's largest amphibious warfare fleet . 
  they would have full control of the ocean in the opening weeks of the war . 
  the supercarriers provide more air power than the entire eu possesses . 
  not all of them would be available at once , but in the event of a war on this scale , they 'd be ready soon enough . 
  they have stealth bombers that could bomb europe from the us . 
  once they have air superiority , all of our tanks would be useless . 
  it would n't even be close . 
   ahhhh , this retarded point gets trotted out continuously . 
  you understand absolutely nothing about american expeditionary capability and the eu 's vulnerability yet called my point retarded . 
  that 's something only a fucking idiot would do , pretend to know what they 're talking about . 
  we have nothing that could stop an american invasion fleet . 
  i 'm not saying they could occupy us , but they 'd absolutely 100 % win . 
  that 's data from june 2015 . 
  look at the data from 2016 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) this article is just europe wank that everyone is buying for some reason . 
  the us is the world 's biggest power and anyone who says otherwise is delusional . 
  the eu has a large economy but the us has a larger economy , more influence and a * way * more powerful military . 
  once the uk leaves the gap will widen massively . 
  the uk is the second largest economy and biggest military spender in the eu , and probably the most influential country in the eu culturally , what with british movies and tv shows being so popular internationally . 
  the eu even as it is now ca n't compare as a global power . 
  without the uk , it 's just no contest . 
  * europe * is , the eu though is behind the us in nominal gdp and behind china in gdp ppp . 
  when the uk leaves it 'll be behind the us in both nominal and ppp , by quite a lot too . 
  are you seriously this god damn stupid ? 
   the only things america has achieved with its superpower was destroying said countries no time-frame specified , all you said was that all they have achieved is country-wide destruction . 
  i 'm telling you that they have achieved more than that , for example - korean war , resulted in south korea - gulf war , pushed back iraq and defended kuwait - isis , pushed them back with bombings - bosnian war , dayton accords - panama invasion , deposed a dictator you just do n't know shit about history so you do n't know about any of these . 
   i did n't say this were the only things the us military did in the past years , stupid . 
  oh really ? 
  try again dumbass  what i tried to tell you is that the ** only things ** america has achieved with its superpower was destroying said countries incredibly stupid . 
   you are a joke !, 
  we 're talking about the current state of the usa as a superpower . 
  not the entire history . 
  without a doubt there were times the us military was ordered to do something right . 
  do you feel better now ? 
  if we 're talking about the current state then do n't say that the only things the us has ever done was invade iraq and afghanistan shit for brains . 
  as for the current state of the us military , it 's stronger than any group of nations combined . 
  so it 's pretty good at the minute . 
   nice . 
  but what are you going to prove that way ? 
  that the us spent so much more for military than russia yet they can not stop it from taking crimea or helping assad back into power ? 
  they did n't * try * to stop them from taking back crimea . 
  ukraine is n't in nato , they 're not really obliged to . 
  they sanctioned russia and pushed it into a recession , no need for any military action . 
   what do we learn from that fact ? 
  that you can be a super power with much less money and your people being treated like cattle ? 
  not sure what idiotic point you 're trying to convey here , but americans are hardly treated like cattle . 
  there are obviously downsides to being an american and it 's definitely not the best place in the world to live , but the standard of living in the us is among the highest in the world . 
   so you really believe that with 50 % of its current size and without invading those countries america would be weaker ? 
  than obviously you are the idiot . 
  no idea what the fuck you 're even saying there  reality is that military superpower in our age only has one use : threaten countries who were already completely powerless from the beginning . 
  do you think you can threaten russia or china with a f35 or a stealth battle ship ? 
  an atomic superpower ? 
  the only ones who are threatened by the us military are unstable second and third world countries because a war with anyone else would be complete self destruction . 
  you 're turning out to be even dumber than i thought . 
  when the fuck did i say that the us is threatening countries with its military ? 
  i said that it gives weight to us diplomacy because everyone knows that the us can back up every single thing it says . 
  also , yes , china can be threatened by the us , just look at the situation in the pacific . 
  chinese expansion is being halted by the us presence .
