  sickening behavior . 
   i 'd say it warrants mentioning . 
  are you pro or anti eu ? 
  but the shooter wasnt a muslim and there was no mention of islam until you decided to type that dumb as fuck statement . 
  i bet if the shooter was an alien people would be freaking out . 
  downvote all you like , i stand by my statement , taking a womans death and trying to push your own totally unrelated agenda makes you a scumbag . 
  its was just a lone wolf , a madman , stop getting all crazy . 
  its only gay if you 're the one being fucked , at least thats what prison taught me :d : l : / :(, 
   special prayer police we do n't want to end up like fucking saudi arabia or some shit , we need to have like special religious hall monitors that go around and make sure no is being too religious during school time !, 
  my new 4 minute old religion forces me to squeze out a log on my desk every 4 hours after 4 extra large doner kebab trays and 12 cans of lomza . 
  my boss says the next time i do it i 'm fired i mean like wtf happened to freedom of religion ? 
  where are my human rights . 
  let who ever the fuck wants to pray , pray as long as it doesnt disrupt of hinder other students learning who dont follow their religion . 
  common sense is n't so commen : /, 
  i like how the more liberal people in the sub are shitting all over themselves with the `` muh opreshion '' but you , an * actual muslim * living in an * actual muslim country * think the demands are unreasonable . 
  i think there is this rampant racism among some of the left who subconsciously see any `` brown people '' or `` brown mans religion '' as islam is associated with to be inherently weaker and so are more willing to jump in to defend it as opposed to say christianity ( which ironically was originally a brown mans religion ) when ever i see christians ( i 'm catholic myself ) do some crazy or retarded shit the only people i ever see defending them are other christians , how ever when it comes to people making ridiculous demands like in this particular article they 're only too happy to fight the evil white oppressor on behalf of the `` brown man '' because i guess apparently they ca n't do it for themselves . 
  lol ur username is soooo silly , forget the arguments you made mr.silly username hahaha oh my , hey everyone !, 
  check out this guys username !, 
  hahaha . 
   you chose the username mate . 
  did you get it cheap ? 
  forget the username bud , stop being a child . 
   so you round up these kids , imprison them and send them back . 
  100 % yes . 
  [ the `` kids '' ] ( http://shoebat.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/isis-child-beheading-captive-graphic-photos-21120.jpg ), 
  i assumed this stuff was common sense . 
  i 'm not pro russian i 'm just anti bullshit . 
  if you think the elections in ukraine were faked is n't it possible ( along with his army of internet trolls ) that he 's faking public opinion ? 
  it 's very easily done on reddit even , i 'm sure a government could do much better . 
  the elections in crimea were faked but russian news sites are 100 % legit . 
  typical reddit double standard . 
   user name checks out :-) weak cop out : ^ ) sarcasm obviously . 
   they 've committed no serious crime . 
  they have illegally broken into a sovereign nation , that is a serious crime . 
  if you woke up to find me in your house without invitation you 'd call the police , you would n't argue its `` no serious crime ''  forcibly relocate them ? 
  yes . 
   they 'll often simply come back to northern france . 
  no they wo n't if we actually enforced europes borders and sent them back . 
  `` send them back where ?? '', 
  point of origin , if they destroyed their documents , too bad for them . 
   but , if people refuse to deal with the authorities , what do you do ? 
  ummm . . you do what you do every other time they do n't listen to authorities ? 
  you round them up imprison them and send them back , it 's not rocket science . 
   i 'm interested in how people think this can be dealt with . 
  you round them up imprison them and send them back , it 's not rocket science . 
  the point of the government and law is that everyone has to obey it , you do n't get a free pass because you 're a `` migrant '' you submit to the law like everyone else does or you get out and do n't come back . 
   what do you do ? 
  i 'm interested in how people think this can be dealt with . 
  i say we totally give up , show them there is no reason to respect our nations laws or sovereignty and show them that we can be walked all over . 
  you cant blame an entire country for the actions of a few fuckheads, 
   what if a student claims to be a pastafarian and has to whip up some noodles 3x a day to appease the flying spaghetti monster , would that be allowed ? 
  how dare you fucking mock us , we are a logical and peaceful people but if you keep talking like that i will fucking murder you . 
  praise his noodly appendages . 
  * just keep nodding and smiling and hopefully he 'll go away * , while sweating nervously lol . 
  i dont pay much attention to the oppinions of bigots . 
  have a nice day, 
   that 's 90 % catholic only because most people fail to say otherwise pretty much everyone under 45 is agnostic/atheist . 
  i 'm 23 and i only know like 2 - 3 people my age who are religious . 
  ireland is a pretty liberal country and minorities are treated well here , i 've only ever seen gypsies make racial slurs . 
  oh no , robots are correcting our grammar and typing mistakes . 
  yes , he had this creepy `` not all there '' kind of look in his eye . 
  yes believe it or not , no one ever believes me , but the funny thing is the people who do n't believe me are the type of people to do that stuff . 
  i see it among atheists too , why cant everyone just believe what they want and not fuck with anyone lol . 
  it might be interesting to note that in germany you can get anything from 25c - 50c per can/bottle you recycle , not sure about other materials , but i 'd say this definitely has a big effect . 
   christians who just want to help others and do n't push others to become religious are completely fine in my opinion , but i am not so fond of those who force christianity and hate gays etc. 
  catholic here , i wish more people were the same , i am often treated differently because i follow a religion , and most people wo n't believe me when i say it , they just dismiss me as whiny but for example i was out on saturday night drinking and this lady came up to me and was all flirty and interested we were hitting it off , then she noticed i was wearing a cross and tucked it into my shirt so she did n't have to look at it . 
  i tried to take it out but she just kinda put her hand on mine as i was trying to take it back out and said something along the lines of `` no no no , lets leave it there if we want to keep talking '' i was so offended . 
  thats one of the more smaller instances , but people have even tried to tear it off of me . 
  / r/islam has been really great with the support though , never thought i would be discriminated based on religion so i went to the folks who are probably even more used to it . 
  it 's ironic how people will act bigoted toward me because they see my religion and expect me to be a bigot . 
  same here in ireland , i think it 's evangelicals in particular , i 'm catholic so i am christian obviously , but evangelicals are really creepy . 
  for example i was hanging out with my gf at college and one of them came up to me saying how god loves me more than i 'll ever love her or then she would ever love me etc. 
  i wear a cross around my neck so i do n't know why they preach to me and not try to convert the muslims on a campus from saudi , maybe the 'd be less tolerable of shit like that . 
  it was creepy as hell and had me pissed off for the rest of the day . 
  it smelled like flowers , i cant remember the brand : /, 
  its like , what more could you want , god they 're so spoilt . 
  i want to have my own syrians so i can be cool . 
  hey that bashar guy is pretty neat huh ? 
  i wonder what it is about sweden and germany that they want to go there so much more than ireland . 
  you 'd think they 'd love it here with our terrorists and car bombs and the like . 
  yannow something to make them feel at home . 
  i 've never been a hard liquor man but gin seems espcially rough for me unless its in like a long islamd ice tea . 
  i love this polish beer lomza tho !, 
  the whole migration thing , hate its politicians and `` we have to help everyone '' mentality more specifically i guess . 
  but i dont want to get into it on this sub and be banned . 
  `` we tortured some folks '', 
  the colonies and their silly spelling bless their hearts , 
  hey and what about us asshole ? 
  sure you founded my city , and many others as well as growing our capital city , and sure you brought different weapons and different genes and names etc but still . 
  actually nvm thanks bro . 
   i do n't understand it . 
  you ca n't understand something that makes no sense , fuck those assholes . 
  go germany !, 
  one of the more recent actions that doesnt make me hate you !, 
  maybe if turkey admits the armenian genocide, 
  * `` i assumed you were russian '' * - polska * `` guinness is ok i guess '' * - ireland, 
  then the opposite , some [ deus vult ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isxvxittlly ) music . 
  who knew christian rock could be so badass, 
  hahaha of course the fucking german and swede love this music . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ ^ them ^ ^ ^ ^ too,
