but i want to work t_t, 
  two in fact ,, 
  if i was you swedes would accept me would n't ye ? 
  no idea :p, 
   you may be forced to eat english food . 
  theres torture and then there are war crimes . 
  we should fire rockets into their territory randomly , ya know harass them at least . 
  you know who else was a vegitarian ? 
  ** adolf hitler **, 
  heh heh , my brother just recently married a girl from boston , he 's living and working over there with her full time . 
  they met once and then it developed over fb . 
  all i can say is that i hope you enjoy your 13th birthday . 
  money , visas , a job and family . 
   low opinion on women i have a low opinion of stubbing my toe . 
  this will be the new standard in about 5 years i would think . 
  i mean for the doublethink leftist types . 
  the funny thing is i constantly see the left trying to silence those against them saying `` thats hate speech you shouldnt be allowed say that '' however , when i debate right wing , far right or even neo-nazis that never comes up , they 'll call me stupid like leftists would as well , but they * never * have tried to silence me nor have i ever been banned for saying things on their subs that they did n't like . 
  i can not say the same for the left . 
  where do you get the idea right-wingers treat women badly ? 
  come on man she might only be 8 but she looks at least 10 and a half !, 
  yeah , no fuck no . 
  then they start targeting nationalist organisations and parties like front nacional , no fucking thank you . 
  i do n't want gestapo, 
  see this is the logical answer , my emotions get in the way ( mainly rage ) but this is the sensible fair thing to do . 
  so many people would call this racist or bigotry though , i ca n't stand this mentality and instead of people realising how dumb it is and it dying , it 's growing more and more prevalent . 
  it seems to be a race to the bottom with these people . 
  i want to move to texas away from all this eu regressive left brain-dead crap . 
  hahaha sweden is fucked, 
  ohh ya trixy little hoor ya !, 
  * pinches cheek, 
  i do n't see why he was downvoted , he has a fair point , as an english man the most important thing should be the future of your almost thousand year old nation and not what your neighbour thinks . 
  sure they do n't stop millions of migrants coming in from the middle east to the eu i really really can ' y see them changing anything at the border . 
  it would be a lose lose situation . 
   a hard border why would it ? 
  it was easy to cross before the eu it would be easy to cross after the eu . 
  i ca n't see anything changing between us ( eire + uk ) if they leave besides the financial side of things , they take most of our exports . 
  i ca n't see the politics side of things changing . 
  same here , brits to me do n't seem like foreigners nor the welsh or scots , i work in a call center and you 'd be surprised how many brits i get on the phone . 
  i think the differences between us are very very minimal and it 's the history between us that makes things sensitive . 
  brits in !, 
  stay in the eu stay in the eu, 
  you were wrong , is he still wrong to have assumed it was a muslim ? 
  you were wrong , is he still wrong to have assumed it was a muslim ? 
  tho one could say your trying to indirectly associate the far right with this attack even though you know it was a muslim extremeist . 
  dat feel when kkk-reject far right retards are more peaceful than the religion you bend over backwards to defend . 
  i wonder if you were banned for this ? 
  turns out you were right . 
  you were wrong . 
   care to elaborate ? 
  not really, 
  sombody fast track their eu membership !, 
  heh just a lucky guess , do n't worry i 'm not stalking you , 
  yes , the gay is creeping to other turtles and soon will creep out of the fish tank , it 's probably already in the air , i 'm already looking at your handsome beard and strong safe arms . 
  when will the oppression end ? 
  i love how terrorism brings us together, 
  ah i just noticed now that he was german , saw the flag and assumed it was hungary !, 
  my bad !, 
  is that the greek for greece ? 
  thats hellas cool . 
  thats a good name , the french are known for their sophistication and culture :p, 
  i really like `` poland '' even i call it polska sometimes . 
  same thing with `` black russian '' oh wait !, 
  every time someone wants to express any appreciation about something from the reich they always have to preface it with something to make sure no one thinks they are a nazi lol . 
   reich germany please do n't say that word , we other euros get scared . 
  celtica ( keltika ) or celtia ( seltia ), 
  the albanbros , the albanoids . 
  get back to me when christians start throwing gays of off roofs and suicide bombing the place . 
  actually it was happening in northern ireland which is the uk but anyway now the french have taken over the lead with their fancy religious fanatics . 
   it 's about democracy standards , i do n't think the holocaust ever happened , it was all made up by the jews and the americans to sell books about the holocaust and ww2 documentaries . 
  now lets sit down and have a nice rational conversation about international issues , because i 'm obviously a very sane and rational person . 
  is it a bad thing ? 
  no but seriously ireland will soon have as much terrorists as france . 
   annual jolly __________________  a doddle pip , pip eh wot wot ? 
  sorry if i do n't make sense i used google translate . 
   that 's because of the mention of the armenian genocide . 
  i do n't know who was the smartass that gave them such an easy out we should not take even one measure to appease them when it comes to the armenian genocide . 
  it is a fact that happened anyone who claims it did n't happen is a lunatic , whats next they deny the holocaust ? 
  or that the earth is flat ? 
  i think any prospective future eu country should be held to higher standards . 
  ireland is becoming like france with all these bombs . 
   i 'm not a troll mate . 
  _______________________________  it must be a troll , it ca n't be that they 're not racist like you . 
  lol, 
  you 're a good troll , but you need to ease up ever so slightly , try to be more rabid and aggressive with your opinions also that would really seal the deal , then there would be no telling weather your actually trolling or you 're just `` one of those people '', 
  apparently according to various reports and stats from around europe , somalians are the most unemployed nationality in europe . 
  most swedes seem to give the impression that they would spend even more on migration and integration than less . 
  i do n't know what 's happening in your country but at the very least it 's serving as a great example of how not to do things . 
  huh , usually i get a lot of hostility or contempt or like a smugness from atheists , i agree with the cultural aspect though , and think that aside from spirituality etc and obviously the bias of it being my religion , i think it 's incredibly important for europe * as we know it * to hold on to it 's ethics beliefs , morals and practices which evolved from christian culture , weather it 's actual belief or just a vestigial memory of the thing . 
  for example , not cutting off hands for robbery , not covering our women in black cloth amongst other things . 
  i have no problem with any religion when it 's a minority , but the it starts to threaten to become the majority and govern those outside it 's beliefs thats where i start to get worried , especially for the future . 
  that 's ... a uh ... um very * liberal * estimate . 
  * shhh . . he 's probably a moor *, 
  of course the german jumps in now all we need is a swede to confirm our stereyo types . 
  tbh i do n't think so , most of europe does n't seem to give a shit about christianity , if anything they probably would have to worry about south america, 
  no irish mentioned even though there are so many of them here :( in 2006 it was 63k and we really like them a lot hopefully they like us . 
  seems disgustingly unfair and sexist, 
  no no , you have to sue me to prove you 're not , not the other way around . 
  at least from what you 've been consistently posting through out this thread . 
  are you male or female ? 
  i declare you are the owner of this car i have , now pay me for it .
