   the child is yours until you sue . 
  hahahahaha . 
  ok , you now own my care so i want 100 euro desposited into my paypall account every week , if you want you can sue but since the car is yours now you need to pay for it , oops sorry . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is redpill '' paying for shit that is n't yours and has no connection to you might fly with french men , but you would have a battle on your hands getting 1 cent out of any real man for something that is n't theirs . 
   bzzzz come to france , where your employer can not fire you because he feels like it . 
  strawman , i did n't say `` if he feels like it '' i said he can fire you if he wants to , the main point being you are only employed as long as he needs/wants you to be and pays you money for a service you provide . 
  it was his choice to hire you in the first place . 
   well to break the child 's right to a genetic privacy . 
  i do n't care about a child that is n't mine , let the mother and father look after it , it 's nothing to do with me , why is this so hard for you to understand ? 
  why do you have such a hate for men that you want them to pay for something they have no responsibility too ? 
  also this `` the child has more rights '' bullshit you 're talking about that 's also totally illogical . 
  to use your logic and argument , then why does france have orphanages ? 
  why not just force children upon random couples ? 
  if the child has more rights , and if its in their `` best interest '' to have two parents ? 
  same idea . 
   here i meant strictly when it comes to political ideas , mainly about what the priorities are . 
  i know what you mea n't but i 'm wondering if you think gender will dictate ( broadly ) what a group of either males of females find important , is the same true for other factors like race ? 
   an employer can also say that . 
  since he pays he has the right to know your full status of health , bzzzzt wrong again !, 
  it was * his * choice to hire you and take you on in the first place , so because he made the decision to take you on , he has to pay you . 
  i did n't make the decision for my so to cheat on me and then pay for her baby . 
  that 's not an argument . 
   then you sue the mother . 
  what 's the problem with sueing ? 
  sue her for what ? 
  i wo n't sue anyone , i 'd just leave , pay my share of the lease on what ever is left and boom gone . 
  i have no obligation to sustain and support a woman who cheated or a child who is n't mine . 
  because the eu dictates to countries what their policy on certain things should be , which takes away sovereignty which is against the interests of the people of a nationalists home country . 
  therefore they dislike the * eu * but not europe . 
  it 's because they ca n't get jobs and soccerphobia , it has nothing to do with the sport at all . 
  i know plenty of soccer fans who are really nice people and so the ones who are really aggressive and violent are totally unrelated and irrelevant . 
  no no , let soccer fans go where ever they like and force their sports on us . 
  some people would rather play hurling or even no sport at all , but because there are so many soccer fans in the sub we have to appease them in case they get even more violent . 
  jeez when you put it that way it 's a scary thought . 
  that there are people from certain groups which even after a generation or two can become radicals in the country they were born in . 
  just think , there are people out there now who in a few years will become suicide bombers/attackers ... 
  every time i see that buzz word `` far-right '' i automatically either tune out or assume it 's being exaggerated . 
   however , it 's collectives of men and women that have some defining characteristics that differs significantly . 
  if you think this about gender , do you have the same view when it comes to race/religion and nationality ? 
   all-male policy makers is a near-guarantee that certain things will be overlooked . 
  what do you think would happen if they were all female ? 
  hahahahah thats exactly what i was thinking . 
  * pierre frogson , the paternity tests say , * ** you 're not the father ** * cursing and crying from the woman . 
   so what gives you the right to have dna information from that child ? 
  if i am expected to pay money that i earn , on something that is no relation to me then yes i expect to know if it 's mine  are you saying strange men have the right to know the genetical make up of every child ? 
  any children they are being made to pay for feed and house , yes . 
  you would n't pay tax for a car that 's not yours why do it for some other mans baby ? 
  if the women is n't happy then tough shit she should n't have cheated , but the man should n't be punished for his partner cheating on him , it 's totally illogical . 
  exactly , i mean having a child is something massive , if there is even 1 % doubt in the fathers mind he should get it checked for sure . 
   and it is under the legal custody of both you and your wife . 
  if a child is n't mine i have no responsability to it , nor should i. 
  are you saying strange men have a responsibility to take care of random unrelated children ? 
  i know i sure as hell would n't , and if the child was n't mine then boom !, 
  i 'd leave the cheating woman and the child and move out to let her deal with what ever bills come her way . 
  would n't you say its safe to assume though , that people who speak arabic at home more than likely do not have european ancestry ? 
  covering / r/europe with islamic stylings etc would have been more appropriate . 
  firstly thank you for a great explanation of the video , the following is not a reply to you but rather the point the video makes . 
  _____________________________________________________  this video aims to remind everyone where right-populism lead us before , but also wants to motivate the majority of the germans to oppose the new-right-winds instead of tolerating it . 
  if only the subsidised public german media would encourage the same resistance against islamic extremeism the the turkish nationalists marching in their streets that were n't even broken up by police - where german nationalists marching would have been . 
  we 're very lucky in ireland so far that all our immigrants well , i 'd say a good 80 % ( taking the polish out of the question ) are first generation immigrants who work very hard . 
  in certain areas of mainland european countries muslim immigrants conjure pictures of poor , asbo anti-social youth in hoods hanging around on street corners . 
  in ireland pakistanis are usually doctors or highly trained professionals , same with indians . 
  iraqi 's iranians and turks usually work in fast food shops ( owning and running them ) and africans are kind of a mish mash when it comes to where they work ( same for the poles ) immigrants are still a relatively new phenomenon to ireland , i was born in 92 ' and did n't see a black person in the flesh until i was 9 or 10 and muslims ? 
  i never saw a hijab or a muslim man until i was 15 or 16 . 
  the people who have assimilated the easiest are the eastern europeans ( poles especially ) when they first started arriving in 2003/2004/2005 there was a slight bit of friction that i noticed mostly from older irish people , but it never ammounted to anything more than `` fucking polish '' which for me at least is pretty minor . 
  by 2006/2007 they were totally integrated and while often times they can tend to form into groups that have little interaction with irish people ( like the middle aged mothers who after 9 years do n't have much english ) there is no friction between us , my best friend is polish , the girl i have a crush on is polish . 
  the only problem we have , is that the silly buggers think that they can drink more than the irish which has lead to many a chugging contest . 
  today we will behead this kuffar for his sins against the nation of islam and the prophet muhammad ( pbuh ) la ilah he la'allah , takbir !, 
  * allahu akbar * then many muslims and western liberals will say - nothing to do with islam !, 
  when 50 catholic preiests are caught out for molesting children , i have never , nor have i ever seen other christians claim that they were not real christians . 
  there are also many chirstians ( my catholic self included ) who instead of trying to explain away the actions of the catholic church ( who actively hide , protect and safe guard child rapists ) or make excuses , out right condemn them and our stomachs turn at the thoughts of it . 
  ( it 's lead to a massive increase of atheism/secularism in ireland i lost my faith for 3 years over it ) why ca n't we do the same thing with islam ? 
  i have heard many times people say even tongue in cheek `` heh catholic priests love little boys/they 're all pedos '' and no one claims racism . 
  sorry i 'm just having a bit of a rant , i 've been attacked around 5 times ( people literally trying to tear the cross and chain i wear around my neck off ) in the last 7 months and no one stands up for me the same way they would for a muslim who was attacked or called a terrorist . 
  just to be clear , i have no problem with muslims , i actually got lots of great advice in / r/islam and even one guy willing to physically defend me which is better than i 've ever gotten anywhere else usually people just laugh at me and say `` heh yeah haha christians have it * soooo hard * '', 
  god bless this argument . 
  a stuck up brit once tried to call it 11/9 and get got his asshole reamed by us paddies . 
  i mean to be so petty about date format with such a serious issue ? 
  he got btfo, 
   unfortunately for a religion that likes to pretend it provides choice and there is no ` force in converting ' -- it punishes apostasy . 
  we need more ex-muslims to come out and say this , it 's something a lot of non muslim white westerners understand , yet when i say it i 'm called a racist nazi . 
  this sub is just unbelievable sometimes . 
  russia is waging war on a european nation and no one seems to give a shit . 
  i ca n't believe how anti ukrainian this sub is , i mean holy shit i know most of you here are leftist hipsters between 16 and 22 but shit , supporting the ~ ~ soviet union ~ ~ is a bit too obvious , the commies in this sub should be a little more subtle than `` ukraine should not escalate the war that was started on it for no legit reason by russia '', 
   have a nice day war lover . 
  is that supposed to be an insult ? 
  i say ukraine should fight with everything it has against a foreign invader and i am a war monger ? 
  you serbs sure love to ride putins dick , ukraine should have the full backing on the eu on this one without a doubt . 
  putin and his army can go fuck itself . 
  just because you lads were fond of the aul ' ethnic cleansing , ye brought it on yourselves . 
  our war has lasted 800 years and is ongoing . 
  it 's called the ghetto bud, 
  fair point, 
  the real world ? 
  lets not be pedantic here . 
  and you think the best thing to do when facing unprovoked aggression is to back down with your tail between your legs ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  if someone comes up to you in the street trying to fight you , do you apologise and back away ? 
  well i 'd say you do , but where i live that just means your gunna be fucked harder . 
  you sock them in the face before they hit you and thats how it goes , you ca n't fight unprovoked aggression with cowardice , because then they just push further .
