  turksih military proven to attempt a military coup even at this day and age , so command chain has to be removed and replace with new command that will be loyal to ruling government . 
  which is a case with every western country . 
  anything secularist is good . 
  anything religious is bad . 
  apparently . 
  almost as if different languages are different !, 
   and yes i much rather have a secular dictator power -  ultimately what matters are practical results . 
  pick one . 
  dictatorships are not practical . 
  not at all . 
  christ , you people !, 
  after ww1 , ww2 and cold war , people still think military dictatorships are a good idea ? 
  military coups and regimes are much bigger cancer to the free world . 
  secular military royally fucked up and these will be consequences . 
  there was never an evidence that rebels had any stockpiles of chemical weapons , meanwhile assad 's regime had most of it . 
  and yet here i thought germans would know better not to side with military regimes . 
  that 's a good thing !, 
  military regimes are the worst thing for countries and people . 
  ** edit *** # 1 * seriously people ?!, 
  you are truly for military junta ?!, 
  what a joke . 
  considering there is no democracy in north korea and is already ruled by military regime , your hypothesis makes no sense . 
  no democratic person in nk can criticise it , cause there is no democratic person in nk . 
  military coups and regimes are far worse . 
  it is a democratic duty to oppose a military coup . 
  [ even turkish kurds are objecting to this coup !, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/dgisserious/status/754083428816056321 ), 
   we can only hope for a bloodless , clean coup too late . 
  navy , police and security forces had taken a side with government and are fighting against the military coup . 
  civilians protesting against coup are also getting shot by the military . 
  military coups and regimes are far worse then any theocratic wanabe . 
  as well people are on streets against this coup , even opposition parties had denounced this coup . 
  who is taking back the country then ? 
  not only are people taking the streets against the coup , even oppositional political parties are denouncing this coup . 
  this is a gross miscalculation by the military . 
  they haven no civilian nor civil authority support . 
  as well it 's reported navy is fighting against the coup . 
  what a mess !, 
  well he/she seems to like children at very least . 
  police reforms was his greatest success , which he succeed to do thanks to heavy aid from eu and us . 
  otherwise he 's been luckluster with reforms . 
  yes , it 's a possibility with bosnia in unspecified future . 
  bosnia is politically and economically stagnant due to dayton peace treaty , as country is separated between federation of bosnia and republika srpska . 
  this is not good and needs to get administration reform from ground up that will outright violate that peace treaty . 
  which wo n't happen , as republika srpska would outright secede from that point , which would pretty much start a war . 
  this would most likely involve croatia to directly intervine , for both national interests and for being closest nato member with war at it 's border . 
  serbia would get involved too , but very unlikely military unless some radical political changes happen in mean time . 
  montenegro maybe too as it will join nato soon , but unlikely more then a token peacekeeping force to aid bosnian government . 
  i love how you assume my political ideology without knowing me . 
  [ here 's from previous refugee crisis europe had from war in bosnia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/smabhhm.gif ) . 
  as you can see , majority returned home . 
  also , you keep acting as you know what will refugee do , even though it goes blatantly against historical precedent , what 's going right now with iraqi refugees and against human nature of being homesick . 
  i understand you are small minded , but i lost patience arguing with you . 
  i already stated more in detail in below comments as i argued with like many different users at same time . 
  choose to read below , but do n't bother replying to me as i 'll just ignore you . 
  for one , historical precedent . 
  every time war ends , overwhelming majority of refugees go back to their homes . 
  second , iraqi refugees are coming back home already as iraqi government is pushing isis out of their country steadily . 
  why would syrians be different ? 
  only if assad stays in power will there be a huge chunk of refugees staying in europe , because of justified reason of not being political persecuted by him regime for being rebel sympathizers . 
  but even with that , most will go back to their homes with hopes assad 's secret police wo n't make an example of them . 
  because guess what ? 
  it 's in human nature to want to be back home , even if alternative of staying in foreign country is better . 
  except , again , overwhelming majority of refugees will come back home . 
  once war is over . 
  no , saying that it 's ok for men to be disposable for is misandrist . 
  saying women should also be completely protected from fighting in a war is misogyny . 
  it more sounds like you are a regressive . 
  fight for who ? 
  assad 's regime that is mass murdering and torturing it 's people to keep assad in power and keep status quo that caused the civil war in first place ? 
  rebels that completely divided and infighting frequently , while getting more and more neglected by their western backers ? 
  kurds that are completely disinterested to fight in non-kurdish lands ? 
  islamic state that is completely hated by entire world and is getting bombed and attacked by everyone around them ? 
  i 'm sorry , but why would an average syrian arab fight and die for any of these factions ? 
  ah , so you are a misogynist and misandrist . 
  good to know . 
  except none of the attackers were refugees and most of refugees to eventually go back to their home country once war is over . 
  you 're utterly absurd . 
  except only like 1-2 of these terrorists were in syria , everyone else is homegrown . 
  and those couple that were in syria had no leadership . 
  these guys are homegrown 90 % of the time . 
  isil only really gave them motivation to do these cowardly attacks . 
   we can see the power of the russian internet pr machine . 
  while i 'd generally agree with you on such topic , this article was made by the washington post . 
  they 're pretty strongly against putin 's russia . 
  i do n't see them being intentionally pr machine for putin 's agenda . 
  this straight up fascist shit is concerning me just for being in a neighbouring country . 
  no , because fsb under putin 's regime is actually doing the shit they 're accused off with tons of evidence to back it up . 
  because unlike in libraries , there is no regulation or control of proper standards of information quality on internet . 
  and ofcourse you ca n't protect form vandalizing of information , like in library . 
  as well people do n't want their views challenged , but instead they want them validated . 
  here 's a reality , internet really needs to be tightly controlled as humans as a whole are not mature enough to have massive freedom of information . 
  except these military coups suffered from for decades are a complete opposition to any liberal democratic ideas . 
  erdogan happened due to those secularists military coups . 
  muslim conservative majority of turkey had damn good reasons to despise secularist who had consistently arrested , tortured and killed thousands of innocent people and wrecked country 's economy each time . 
  turkey will never have liberal democracy born out of secularist military regimes taking over every decade . 
  it will only come out of islamic ideas , but that will take a few generations to get on par with western liberal standards . 
  so that 's why radical serbs are so bitter . 
  considering any serious alternative is worse then erdogan , i think it will take a long while . 
  like a whole new generation while .
