  no , sex requires consent . 
  also i will never forget when wikileaks declared panama papers scandal an us orchestrated smear campaign against putin 's regime . 
  that 's what wikileaks is , russia 's tool . 
  and that 's how dictatorships are born . 
  eliminate any competent alternative and a nation will form stockholm syndrome for you . 
   how are the hard brexit tories going to argue that it 's better to remain ? 
  with a lot of cognitive dissidence . 
  there was no systematic ethnic cleansing happening in operation storm . 
  hague cleared ante gotovina from any rong doing . 
  plus considering ivan \u010cermak was released free from all wrong doings in first ruling and nobody in serbia complained , quite blatantly shows you only wanted to take down gotovina for political reasons not to seek justice . 
  if there was systematic ethnic cleansing happening , then ivan \u010cermak would have been just as guilty . 
  but you did n't made a noise , because you never truly thought there was ethnic cleansing there . 
  meanwhile , you guys do n't want to even hear about that fact in in 1991 serbs in krajina committed ethnic cleansing at croats by mass executions and forces deportations . 
  so screw you !, 
  you started the war and wanted to kill and deport us all !, 
  and now you are just making up crimes and keep bringing up ww2 so you do n't have to feel bad about it . 
  fuck off , we admit jasenovac happened asshole !, 
  typical fucking bullshit projecting from you guys , acting as we croats deny we took part of the holocaust just so you can have an excuse to deny your country 's atrocities . 
  except chetnik war crimes from ww2 were outright ignored in yugoslav history books and idea of greater serbia was never properly suppressed . 
  meanwhile with croats , big chunk of croatian diaspora migrated back to croatia and exported neo-nazism to the post-tito 's death generations . 
  issue ai n't not educating about genocides in general , issue is to educate your nation had done it and should feel collective shame about it to not do so again . 
  that 's the whole point of denying genocides existing or forgetting about them . 
  so you can do it again in distant future . 
  and pretty frequent . 
   whether he 's a tool of putin 's russia or simply deranged - the case is still open . 
  i say he 's both . 
  civil war is somewhat impossible scenario . 
  secularist military coup failed last year , erdogan 's political opposition including kurdish hdp gave their support for erdogan while coup was still ongoing and almost all of the turkish people went with solidarity with erdogan after coup failed . 
  erdogan needs to do a royal fuck up to cause civil war in turkey , as of right now majority of turkish kurds still reject pkk 's insurgency . 
  we will sooner see civil war in russia or usa , then in turkey how things are going . 
  true , but progressive agenda simply ca n't be passed under iron fist dictatorship either . 
  progressives can really only function under democratic system . 
  indeed . 
  sure , erdogan is a wanna-be sultan and a oppressive shit , but let 's not fool ourselves . 
  every realistic alternative before his consolidation of power was just as bad or outright worse . 
  turkish liberals and secularists are simply just not liked by majority of the country , that 's the truth . 
  liberals really need to completely change their long term strategy to have an outreach with mainly conservative populace , instead of trying to play by the western european methods that simply do n't work in turkish political theatre . 
  it only leads to polarization in which liberals will continue to lose more as they are a minority of the country . 
   the reality is , chp is willing to work with anyone to topple akp . 
  do n't you see the problem with that one ? 
  especially since it clearly ai n't working . 
  we 're not coming back . 
  every country has history of glorifying individuals , in fact we see this shit in present still in western countries . 
  it 's not a unique thing to islamic countries . 
  although turkey already suffered from fascist military coups before erdogan , so weirdly enough he was an improvement as he came to stop to those . 
  then your perspective is terrible . 
  well , i guess we need to annex bosnia again . 
  no , they were mygarian hordes before that !, 
  so he 's an icelander ? 
  yeah , because he 's too vile and blatantly evil for the american political establishment to accept him . 
  leftists that do n't pass purity tests , without being sell outs ( i.e. 
  compromise ) to right wingers . 
  people need to realize nazis did n't became nazis when they started to gas jews . 
  they were nazis for like 20 years before that , about 10 years when they actually took power in germany . 
  it took quite a while for nazi regime to consolidate power and get majority of german nation dehumanize jew and other minorities . 
  it was n't a recognized independent state by anyone though , in fact in link you provided roman emperor was still an overlord of the principality of serbia , just with great autonomy . 
  if we go with that route , duchy of croatia is as old if not older while under roman emperor rule , as well having great autonomy . 
  do n't worry , our newly elected conservative party government will find the way to fuck things up . 
  croatia is a small dot between france , netherlands and sweden - croatia is basically just one county in tennessee . 
  looking at google map , city memphis is there . 
  well both soviets and germans claimed poland attacked them first . 
  so , poland did it first before it was cool . 
  authoritarian regimes for the most part fail to bring peace and stability , as they like to market themselves they always do . 
  so the richest croat right now is someone who won the money out of divorce ? 
  that 's just pathetically sad . 
   such as british whites in 2066 ? 
  british whites would make up to 49 % of uk population in 2066 . 
  they will still be the biggest ethnic group , just no longer have absolute majority . 
  also it is quite rooted in racism , as it dismisses british blacks , british indians , british pakistanis and british asians ( generalized ) as not british . 
  also it ignores the fact that irish whites , scottish whites and polish whites are also the sizeable non-british people in uk . 
  bullshit , majority of migrants in eu are in fact other europeans . 
  it 's just european nationals moving to more prosperous european countries . 
  middle eastern and african migrants are still a minority of migrants within eu . 
  or people could simply not turn to nazis just to have discussion about migrant crisis . 
  like , how is this a rational decision to make ? 
  or you could watch a video he linked that proves she uses neo-nazis as her primary sources , who also love to make direct quotes from hitler how `` capitalism and bolshevism are two sides of a same international jewish coin '' . 
  not gon na happen when only solution eu has for greece are only austerities measures and take imf loan money to pay back previous loans . 
  project failed after a month . 
  dpr and lpr warlords hate one another . 
  i know kharkov had a failed uprising that was defeated within hours by police . 
  except was majority of people were released days after . 
  it was n't calculated to every detail of which individual to arrest . 
  it was a broad mass arrest of anyone government officials thought was a suspected , because they had no idea who was part of the coup nor cared to make proper investigation before mass arresting . 
  they arrested so many people because they did n't give a shit to respect individual freedoms , not because they went against `` anyone who is capable of thinking '' . 
  that was a reprisal to a failed coup , not an evidence for a staged coup . 
  that 's not how evidence works . 
  what swedish intelligence report ? 
  only site that reports on it is http://stockholmcf.org/ and link to that article gives 404 page error . 
  what evidence is there that proves this was a staged coup ? 
   a supposed failed coup let 's not go conspiratorial , that coup was a real deal . 
  someone is mad . 
  no , matter is not settled . 
  you quite clearly do n't understand how geopolitics work . 
  no , it 's slovenians who whine about it . 
  croatia does not recognized this court ruling , as court was proven to be illegitimate years ago . 
  you 're massively ignorant of yugoslavian history . 
  yugoslavia was neutral in cold war , it was not behind iron curtain . 
  people were free to leave and enter yugoslavia . 
  are there any foreign fighters aiding portuguese ones ? 
  i know my country often times send firefighting planes to aid other countries .
