  at least once we even aided israel few years ago with their massive fires . 
  she probably had a brain freeze . 
  you can see she was holding a soda can . 
   as well as the high percentage of fn ( le pen 's party ) fn will be lucky to gain a single seat though . 
  bureaucrats love their titles and redundancy . 
  tories will now need to form coalition with dup , a reactionary far-right with history of homophobia . 
  talk about alienating moderate conservatives there , tories . 
  torries are a complete and utter joke . 
  that 's insulting to clinton . 
  she is not a childish tory that wants to gut healthcare and worker 's rights to give tax cuts to rich people . 
  not the point . 
  he 's pretty much stating political ideology is a mental illness . 
  ugh , please do n't . 
  she 's a terrible president and total partisan hack . 
   looks like america 's progressive mental illnesses are leaking into europe . 
  this on / r/t _ d level of deplorable and stupid thing to claim . 
   former serbian pm , now president ... it 's complicated it 's not that complicated , he 's just pulling putin 's strategy . 
  wikileaks is about to leak them , so yes !, 
  well shit , with that logic even obama is preparing to run for his 3rd term elections . 
  no she wo n't , she had permanently retired from politics . 
  why am i not surprised you 're spewing conspiracy theories yet again ? 
  and now you went full on conspiracy theory . 
  congrats , you lost all credibility . 
   large scale immigration is nothing to do with the traditional ideology of the labour party . 
  tight and closed immigration is n't either . 
   also sure , immigration is just a `` scapegoat '' target , right . 
  keep trying to convince people , they wo n't listen because they know it 's bogus . 
  because it is false . 
  it is failed conservative and capitalists policies that cause economic falls and limited recovery from 2008 recession . 
   all they need to do to win a lot of voters is back is to say that will be tough on immigration but they 're practically incapable of it . 
  maybe because being tough on immigration is incapable with their ideology . 
  as well immigration is n't even a damn real issue for economic problems , it 's nothing but a scapegoat target that most leftists do n't want to engage in . 
  well gif is still appropriate , then . 
  calm down patton !, 
  memes do n't work on french folk . 
  also , magic is evil and burn the witch !, 
  wow , watching france24 and i noticed a bunch of syrian rebel flags in sea of french and eu flags . 
  that was unexpected , yet not surprising . 
  not much of a truth in europe though . 
  no , but polls are about to close . 
  so it does n't look like it will be much higher . 
  parliamentarian elections in france will happen in june . 
  since there 's literally no up to date poll from this year on parliament , we will have no idea how situation will be until after presidential elections are over . 
  in case le pen wins , which is highly unlikely , she will probably just cause chaos and instability . 
  afterall , french president can force snap parliamentary elections once a year without parliament support . 
  macron otherwise will be able to cooperate and compromise with whatever pro-eu government is in charge of parliament . 
  we 're not that lucky . 
  dude , poland and hungary have little to no non-european immigrants yet have massive raise of the far-right and have serious social tensions domestically . 
  it 's absurd !, 
  immigrants are in truth just a scape goat for real issues countries suffer , which are economic issues . 
  but fixing economy is hard to do , let alone sell a proper plan to public . 
  however blaming a bogeyman is much easier . 
  eh , what ? 
  country that accepted mass immigration prospered massively . 
  it is 2008 recession that pushed man people into poverty , recession that only recently ended , but emotionally people still feel hopeless even though things are back to before in those specific countries . 
  and countries that did n't recover did n't even had significant immigration before nor today . 
  poland is pretty much only exception that it had prospered without significant immigrations . 
  this entire damn economic crisis happened due to us 's housing bubble bursting , wars in afghanistan and iraq and iraqi reconstruction that experienced massive scale corruption between both american and iraqi authorities . 
  literary immigration is not responsible for any of this economic short falling . 
  egypt is truly an ancient kingdom . 
   if a document were to reveal that macron planned to return france to its napoleonic glory days by invading spain , i would hope that the electorate would take that document into consideration . 
  i think like 90 % of le pen voters would switch to macron by that point . 
   and there 's pretty much nothing scandalous same thing happened to dnc emails leaks , yet people still managed to misinterpret that clinton is a vile murderer corporate puppet that runs paedophile rings and desires to destroy usa under saudi arabia bidding . 
  in other words , people are stupid . 
  reddit admins are libertarians and most libertarians always rush in to protect hate-groups and right-wing extremists in name of free speech . 
  but will never do the same for anyone else . 
  projection much ? 
  bullshit , almost none of them outright plagiarize entire speeches . 
  maybe occasional sentence here or there , but for the most part it is their original speech . 
  dude , poland was n't exactly the shiny beacon of wealth and prosperity for past century . 
  so do n't be an arse . 
  except most people vote for personalities , not policies . 
  that 's the sad reality . 
  it should though , as it shows their shady character . 
  as well laziness . 
  edit # 1 . 
  i 'm quite well aware politicians and activists have speech writers !, 
  however if they do n't put any damn effort onto that speech writing and whoever is a speech writer does a shoddy job like plagiarism without anyone noticing , then something should be very off . 
  ehm , elections are in 5 months . 
  campaigning has n't even started . 
  i 'm pretty sure turkey is capable to have a strategy to defend istanbul from greece . 
  it helps that it is more realistic goal . 
  i meant , istanbul/constantinople alone outnumber entire greece . 
  so , cyprus is clearly more realistic goal to start with . 
  it 's not a coup , at least not just yet . 
  hence i said `` most '' . 
  nah that would be turkey and most south american countries . 
  we tried already twice , it is just not working well . 
  danube confederation , i 'd be up for . 
  it was a general apathy towards russia up until relatively recently , i believe . 
  italy got itself into a civil war after allies landed in sicily , mussolini got deposed and italy joined arms with allies . 
  although about 600,000 of italian soldiers were taken prisoners by germans , so joining arms part was greatly limited by italy now part of the allies . 
  at the very least , 95 % of those prisoners refused to join in newly former german puppet state italian social republic . 
  that 's not what he/she meant . 
  what he/she meant is le pen stepping down as party president to focus on presidential big is just a trivial political development . 
  so true answer is to for the state to intervene in media to slap some sense back to reporters and journalists . 
  may or may not have some negative side effects . 
  her public opinion sure did change . 
  only so that she can pretend to public she is n't a nazi . 
   70 years after ww2 , a nazi gets 21 % in a country formerly occupied by nazi germany .
