   well after europe started importing muslims you do n't import people . 
  turkey is not sending them anymore in massive numbers ever since it got money for human aid for refugees camps . 
  also , an invasion ?!, 
  what the fuck , dude ?!, 
  refugees are not here on conquest !, 
  of all the bad things that eu does and makes it weak , you pick immigration issue as a main bulletpoint ? 
  jesus , some of you people . 
   honestly this is good , it dwindles the fake refugees from the real ones . 
  pretty sure majority of real refugees also have unrealistic expectations . 
  good !, 
  and they are , but so are the left-wingers . 
  you 're drunk asterix , go home . 
  by passing through a border check ? 
  every passport or person id is scanned when you enter or leave croatia . 
  i work at the refugee camp and i already knew this was bullshit . 
  it 's utterly impossible for him to hide in the bathroom and avoid registration . 
  police is way to organized and rigid , while camp layout also denies avoiding registration and to continue your journey further into europe . 
   hdz is a party of conservative liberal centre not ever since karamarko took over . 
  he heavily radicalized the party with his populist rhetoric . 
  with almost all votes counted : patriotic coalition 59 seats ( 56 from croatia , all 3 from diaspora ) croatia grows coalition 56 seats most 19 seats istrian democratic assembly 3 seats croatian democratic alliance of slavonia and baranja 2 seats bandi\u0107 milan 365 2 seats human wall 1 seat progressive alliance 1 seat national minorities 8 seats , 3 to serbs and rest for everyone else . 
  76 seats are needed to form the government . 
  conservative party declares victory , despite the fact they 're barely in front of social democrats to form the government , for which they need . 
  whoever gets most to form the government , wins . 
  if conservatives get them , they 'll get 78 seats and then they 'll win . 
  if social democrats get them instead , they 'll get 75 , though national minority mp 's ( especially serbs ) will most likely then join them to form the government . 
  and if in unlikely scenario they do n't , ids and progressive alliance are there to give them that last seat to form the government . 
   maybe that 'll entice europe to some actual action . 
  only action that would happen is a self-destruction for eu . 
  we are too damn politically divided alone to agree on any real action . 
   but even with the russian air support assad 's forces have achieved little . 
  do note that many of those little gains have been reversed by rebels in past week as well , while isis managed to cut off only supply road for regime controlled souhern aleppo . 
  russian intervention had only made regime forces overconfident and now they are paying a heavy price for yet again severely underestimating both rebels and isis . 
  are n't you celts ? 
  puts kosovo as independent . 
  serbia not in butthurt belt . 
  this map is invalid . 
  this is not a coup , it 's a terrorist attack . 
  for redditors , there is no difference . 
  too many people died for this to be a mere false flag . 
  and what general would agree to take part of this ? 
  it 's basically a death sentence . 
  well , close enough . 
  all thanks to that moronic coup attempt . 
  anyone who had thought this was a good idea is a complete idiots . 
  you have some seriously weird definition of censorship . 
  turkey is 2nd most powerful nato member military wise . 
  so that 's pretty damn stupid idea !, 
   i did . 
  which countries in eu have a controlled press ? 
  you can have censorship without controlling the press . 
  but as for controlling the press , croatia for example govorment can completely control what state tv can say or nor , which is in clear violations of freedom of press and turkey does n't control all of the press , there 's plenty of anti-government press . 
   how many non secular countries does eu have ? 
  united kingdom , denmark and greece . 
   by my perspected , that 's a useless and corrupted democracy . 
  but you do n't have to share my opinion . 
  but democracy never the less . 
  just because it 's crap , does n't remove the fact it is a democracy . 
  we 're ... we 're talking about censorship . 
  you implied country with censorship ca n't be a democracy . 
  and not all european democracies are secular . 
  so you can have a democracy , without secularism and/or with censorship . 
  because turkey is a democracy . 
  censorship happens in every democratic country in world , on different extent . 
  you are absolutely insane !, 
  so by that logic , none of the european countries is democratic . 
  it was so heroic killing all those police officers and civilians , while taking many journalists as hostages . 
  no , they rejected the coup while it was believe coup was a complete success and nobody knew where was erdogan . 
  no , he just puts sleeper agents to do that in ukraine instead of him . 
  but it still has no sharia law . 
  you can easily have democracy without secularism . 
  maybe , but considering only person to have mention death penalty is current prime minister kinda suggest it is only heat in the moment type claim . 
  i 'd be shocked if death penalty get 's to be voted on , even more so if it get 's reinstated . 
   the soldiers that were involved in the plot we saw the past the 24 heroes were nothing but heroes they were so heroic by shooting at civilians , taking journalist at hostages and trying to take down freedom of press and online social media . 
  what a joke . 
  you people here do n't give a shit for democracy and individual freedoms . 
  you only care about sticking it to religion . 
  you need to keep world order , so things that are internationally agreed upon ca n't be disobeyed no matter how much your domestic support wants . 
  you can re-negotiate those laws and agreements to be changed or removed , but not be outright broken . 
  you ca n't disobey internationally agreed laws and agreements without suffering serious consequences . 
  and it was a major diplomatic blunder then , now was it ? 
  greece and turkey are nato allies . 
  declaring greece as enemy country would be a heavy diplomatic blunder . 
  akp does n't even want for turkey to join eu for past several years . 
  they outright denounced the coup when most people thought coup was a success and nobody knew where erdgoan was . 
  note that when erdogan was prime minister , his government abolished death penalty in 2004 . 
  so it probably wo n't be introduced back . 
  capital punishment was abolished in turkey back in 2004 , when erdogan was prime minister . 
  return of death penalty is considered due to coup . 
  but if no death penalty is returned , this soldiers are gon na be returned to turkey to be arrested for taking part of a military coup . 
  in 1910 's , 1930 's and 1940 's . 
  that 's rather extreme comparison . 
  secularism is an ideology that most of the world countries do n't follow . 
  genocide a crime against human to which every country world agreed to that it should n't be done and there should be severe consequences to country which does it . 
  if people want to end secularism , you ca n't really put a stop to it without oppressing them . 
  it sucks , but it 's something what turkish people have to choose to have no be forced upon them . 
   you ca n't even conceive a situation where a dictatorship products better results than a democracy , you 're not even trying to think . 
  dictatorships tend to have a great result at encouraging government production , destroy freedom press and political dissent , ruining country economy by overspending on military , starting destructive wars with neighbours and etc. 
  geez , how jolly gee practical !, 
  purges are justified . 
  no normal country should tolerate possibility of a military coup .
