   peace among the member states eu can hardly take credit for it , as simply put none of the eu member have any interest nor capability to wage war with what another post-ww2 . 
   the ability to travel all across europe without borders most yes , but not all . 
  and few members are still being blocked from joining . 
   mostly the same currency i guess that 's a good thing for few reasons ? 
   rule of law the fuck ? 
  til pre-eu , europe was filled with anarchy and tyranny !, 
  no such thing as rule of law !, 
   vast freedoms mostly due to us influence during cold war then eu 's doing . 
   ease of doing business easier to do business internationally , but barely did n't anything for domestic business . 
   unity of europeans lol what fantasy world do you live in ? 
  european nations are divided as hell on national , political , religious and any other ideological reasons from the top of political elite to an average-joe european . 
  not trying to wage war or threaten with military conflict with one another does n't mean unity . 
  well , they simply cross the border illegally and charge them for that too . 
  pretty sure balkans are southeastern europe . 
  but greece does n't want to leave eu . 
  and while we 're at it , funnily enough , not only does greece has more tanks then germany it even has more modern german tanks then germany . 
  no , punishing your friend and ally is a much better strategy !, 
  copyright laws are a joke in this day of age . 
  pyd , syrian kurds and social democrats , have little love for pkk , turkish kurds and marxist-leninist communists . 
   obama had charisma questionable really . 
  he 's a great campaigner and knows to make a good comedic act during his leisure public appearances , but pretty awful in everything else that is actually important . 
  hitler thought croats were actually germanic people who speak slavic language by mistake . 
  i wish i was joking on that . 
  too few come , likely we mistake you with germans anyway . 
   also do n't know who ban jelacic is , sounds important to your history though . 
  he was one of top generals that crushed hungarian revolution of 1848 . 
  we hate serbia too much to hate you too . 
  it already happen a few times this year in croatia , but it was czech tourists . 
  it will not be the last time this year either , with czech tourists . 
  what the hell is with czechs just exploring the mountain without proper equipment and while wearing flip flops ? 
   violence is violence . 
  some form of violence under specific circumstances and reasonable restraint can be beneficial . 
  that 's never gon na happen . 
  yet hdz still has 1/3 of country support ... 
  ukraine attacked a city it controls ? 
  but in that case usa agreed to pay reparations . 
  what can they sanction them for ? 
  no more visits from pope ? 
  plus , does n't help she 's part of really irrelevant political party that only exists because it 's in coalition with social democrats . 
  well he runs fifa like it is his own country as a dictator . 
  [ brazil senate also given a green light to start it 's own investigation against cbf ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/37j588/things_keep_getting_better_in_brazil_romario_was/ ) . 
  they are all us puppets !!, 
  this is a big group involved , i wonder what was their goal with this attack . 
  or was it unintended and were discovered by cops with large illegal weapon caches ? 
  despite failing to get scotland 's independence , snp will still gain overwhelming victory in scotland ? 
  i doubt it . 
  fun is not allowed there . 
  you 'll have to try hard to find that . 
  which would have been the most bizarre event in history . 
  i was n't blaming you . 
  just damn , what 's with this news sites putting up confusing titles lately ? 
   if we are talking about `` indirectly '' then i think the us win this by far . 
  if were to look even deeper , uk and france are the biggest guilty parties for creations of extremists like isis . 
   suspected extremists being investigated in italy over links to al-qaeda may have been planning an attack on the vatican in 2010 , prosecutors say . 
  this is a billionth times better to have as title . 
  now it makes sense . 
  both still look boring as hell . 
  greece and croatia do . 
  though i 'd prefer we do n't take that offer . 
  but serbia deserved to lose all that territory . 
   eventually , over a very , very long time , europe might need to evolve to a single-language entity and will on its own . 
  impossible without one culture dominating and oppressing every other culture . 
  evil . 
   putin is not the devil ( he 's more like the anti-christ ) such a unpopular opinion you have there . 
  what happened to portugal ? 
  again , insignificant . 
  it has no capability to have more then a few small police patrol boats . 
  did n't all this forced unification collapsed ? 
  and would n't die in process . 
  as well northern cyprus , south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  wo n't they deport that person to romania then ? 
  not at the time . 
  china and russia are nowhere near getting friends . 
  the whole china and russia friendship is nothing but delusion created by pro-russian folk . 
  by that logic , pakistan and india are superpowers . 
  isis only grew due to exploiting the clusterfuck of syrian civil war and for initial incompetence of iraqi government and it 's army . 
  similar like in libya but in reality isis there is at it 's peak power and it can only go down from there . 
  truth is , isis is pretty much finished . 
  it 's simply matter of time . 
   oh so those thousands of people coming are just an illusion ? 
  they 're coming under organized route with trains or buses in relatively small numbers , which is agreed by all countries in which pass through . 
   you missed the point though instead of paying turkey for shit we should have built a wall or send those invaders back . 
  walls are useless if they are not manned . 
  also it would be a super fucking expensive project !, 
  who 's gon na pay for that shit ?!, 
  especially for it 's maintenance and people guarding the wall ?!, 
  also it will destroy a ton of tourism based business if there 's a giant ugly wall there . 
  your alternative is utterly ridiculous !, 
  you clearly know shit about libya . 
  first of all , civil war had started long before western intervention . 
  so it was already destabilized !, 
  and then it was eu 's idea to support rebels to take down gadaffi , while usa was the main muscle of the operation . 
  later on many of gadaffi loyalists decided to rebel and restart the civil war as they did n't recognize rebel created government . 
  as war continued , isis exploited some weak positions of government and rebel forces and gain significant amount of territory . 
  however , they have n't been able to expand ever since as both rebels and government forces are successfully containing them . 
  and unlike in syria , both government and rebel leadership are capable to have discussions of cease fires and even peace talks . 
  as unlike in syria , libyan government forces do n't mass murder civilians nor terror bomb their lost cities to rebels while rebels are a unified force that are capable to compromise . 
  it also helps there are no real foreign supports in libya , unlike in syria where there 's a giant mess of foreign interest groups supporting one side or the other . 
  so no , isis will not be a real threat from libya . 
  ever !,
