i have family all over europe and have worked in 3 european nations . 
  does n't mean i support the eu . 
  it 's run by nutters, 
  i do n't think he is denying that all the posters here are real , i 'm sure most are . 
  but it is certainly plausible that dutiful eu advocates would be steered by certain government entities into cementing popular opinion through channels such as reddit, 
  yeh , the anti-russian posts seemed weird to me too . 
  the sort of people who are being jingoistic and anti-russian are the same who normally despise patriotism . 
  is there a sub for people who liek europe as a historical region and the ethnicities it contains , rather than some arbitrary union founded on economic premises which now seeks to undermine national sovereignty at every opportunity, 
  this sub should be called / r/eucirclejerk, 
  clever vikings stay out of eu mess, 
  i for one welcome our new russian overlords . 
  excuse me while i get drunk before work ... 
  0 % in ireland and russia ? 
  thats wrong, 
  professional long distance/endurance running requires total overhaul of diet , physique and involves rigorous training program which rivals that of any weight lifter . 
  i could n't see your house on the map tho, 
  not if its your profession . 
  how do you explain the success of east african runners ? 
  is it because europeans are too poor to take up running ? 
  lol, 
  the nazis didnt like icelanders because of their degenerate alcoholism, 
  northern europe stronk, 
  you obv do n't even know what that means because i am not a ws, 
  oh so you learn all about the holodomor and the white slave trade in sweden then ? 
  listen to this left wing swede or else you are all nazis, 
  attention seeking victim complex, 
  a falsified claim of antisemitism ? 
  who would have thought ?!? 
  semantics . 
  i should just say uppity muslims with anti-western sentiments . 
  uk has been way too soft on extremism . 
  i 've seen them marching through london with no counter protests or police control, 
  the phrase `` accident of birth '' is a bit misleading , it implies the potential for the intentionality of existence . 
  was the first bird 's flight an accident of birth ? 
  evolution is n't accidental , and race is the effect of evolution at work . 
  my family records go back hundreds of years , prior to late middle ages virtually no non-whites lived in europe , so is about as likely as finding a man in the congo descended from vikings . 
  some relatives have done dna tests and they are typically northern european with some of the r-p312-4f ( r-l159 .2 ) subclade and other such markers . 
  in historical research it is the extraordinary that must be proven , if an ethnically homogeneous population evolves in the northern part of the world , and you wish to challenge this concept , you must prove that a significant amount of non-whites entered into the area and left a genetic imprint . 
  history and genetics have proven this not to be true . 
  if you believe we are descended from aliens you must prove it , but it is not absurd to assume in the absence of proof that we are not descended from aliens . 
  i am proud of the achievements of my countrymen but also of those other nations whose leaders are genetically related to my people . 
  because i am white . 
  racial taxonomy is valid classification as there are objecivley recognisable physical differences . 
  all my ancestors for at least 50,000 years have been white , probably more , and the associated culture and civilisation was the greatest the human race ever produced . 
  first as english , then as british , then as a white man, 
  it is not, 
  restore irish monarchy and you 're on . 
  sure you do n't wan na be ruled by our queen , so get ur own and lets be mates again . 
  ca n't hang out with republicans tho , the french might get ideas, 
  you can have northern england if we can have your women . 
  i hope you like chips n gravy . 
  and carry the greeks ? 
  never !, 
  so we can ignore the fact that england are partly celtic and then return to our nordic roots and join the nordic union ... they have better women and oil, 
  the guardian is so sick and anti-british , they might as well relocate to brussels, 
  what is folk atheism ? 
  a fedora made of straw ? 
  ftw ( fuck the world ), 
  british fascist party - not the same thing . 
  he was a bit of a ladies man and a very popular figure . 
  [ still is among some crowds ] ( http://youtu.be/w1a6c9s2xe4 ) . 
  the buf were founded a year before the first superman comic was released so ... marilyn manson and david bowie fans will notice that both used buf style imagery and flags in their performances, 
  go back to the melting pot of america before it melts completely . 
  everyone hates eachother in your multicultural hell hole , and if it was n't for your military , we would n't give two shits about your `` values '' . 
  why are you even on this board ? 
  `` special snowflake '' whenever someone uses this term , you know they are an idiotic left wign extremist from tumblr with no life . 
  ... the edl ? 
  you mean the mainly middle aged , football hooligan , zionists for gay rights ? 
  gi are a youth movement . 
  we need this in london !, 
  like rockabillies a bit, 
  unarmed ... with a gun . 
  i would die before i submit to a federation !, 
  of course !, 
  to say other wise would make you a naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews, 
  lol stoopid ukipz and brits are worried about things that facst and figures say lol why dont they just forget borders aand nations and look at le redddit aand the guardian !?? 
  ha romanians wont even move here , and housing crisis is made up by racists probably , so is the debt . 
  fuck austerity we are 1 % occupy europe lolz, 
  to be fair they all got england/uk which is the only one that matters, 
  we 're all taught that right wing views are so evil that we must give up our freedom to prevent them being expressed . 
  then suddenly all kinds of views will be deemed evil . 
  russia is awesome, 
  why ca n't they just `` wevolution '' like marx told them too !, 
  instead they wear unfashionable clothes and have unfashionable opinions, 
  the only problem with monarchy is repulican agitators . 
  get rid of then and society works . 
  the threat to monarchy comes from republicans . 
  the threat to republicans comes from republics, 
  repulics always end up unstable . 
  return to monarchy !, 
  communist rape crimes covered up again and again, 
  that comes from eating shit though right ? 
  are europeans so dour that they do n't find this funny enough to upvote ? 
  cold jellied eels with vinegar . 
  fuck you . 
  no british monarch was ever called great except alfred . 
  he 's great though , the clue is in the name !, 
  heroism has little to do with ethics . 
  heroism is eternal , ethics are subject to change according to temporal fashion . 
  what makes it a european economic union though ?
