  i always used to watch that one when i was a kid in the netherlands . 
  might 've been on belgian tv , of course , down south we get both , but i distinctly remember the other zorro series better . 
  it 's a small country , lots of icelanders go abroad to study , so learning danish is useful . 
  plenty of them in norway , too - their norwegian is generally very good . 
  usually slightly accented , but it 's not a very `` foreign '' accent given that their language is quite close to old norse . 
  no , 99 % of norway 's * power production * is hydropower . 
  norway exports hydropower , and imports a lot of fossil fuel power ( because if you ignore the oil and all , norway is n't self-sufficient with power ) . 
  the average consumer that does not specifically buy renewable energy from a particular company only gets about 36 % of their energy from renewable sources , mostly hydropower . 
  nor norwegian , they tend to forget the norwegian words entirely in the slashy bits . 
  it 's `` ytre '' and `` overflate '' :p, 
  it 's probably typically because it 's one of the few contraceptives that can be used shortly after the typical waiting period after birth ( six weeks , i think ) . 
  a lot of other contraceptives ca n't be used while breastfeeding , and breastfeeding itself is not reliable enough as a contraceptive . 
  there are other options , but condoms are useful until those kick in , 
  you 're right , of course , i 'm just trying to be diplomatic - most people who use it think it 's the right term , given various historical accounts plus the ignorance on sami issues outside fennoscandia . 
  use `` sami '' , not `` lapp '' . 
  `` lapp '' , an exonym , is mostly considered somewhat derogatory . 
  better than the maize syrup adulterated stuff i saw on holiday in the us , at least it 's real honey . 
  norway also revokes citizenship if you actively apply for another . 
  it 's not just slovakia . 
  as an addendum to 3 , the names '' \u00d8ygard '' and `` aune '' and variations also mean the same but in a different region . 
  seriously , though , what do you suggest that we do ? 
  or rather , they do , since norway is n't even in the eu :\\ i 'd like to know your thoughts . 
  as a woman in stem , i 'd say that not telling us we do n't belong in stem would help a lot , too . 
  in countries where there 's less stigma against women in stem the numbers are more equal . 
  for the average norwegian citizen , getting rid of the blasted protectionism is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  shit is expensive here , when we could 've had cheaper , sometimes also better quality stuff . 
  ( not that all norwegian foods are bad , but the cheese is rather boring . ), 
  europeans or citizens of the eu ? 
  there 's a difference !, 
  well , his name * is * henry . 
  it 's just that they do n't call him henry , they call him harry :p, 
  i loved the bay area when i went , but the draconian flight security measures rather turned me off visiting again in the near future . 
  it was such a relief to come back to europe to security treating me like i was a real person again . 
  i * do * wish that people would n't say `` a transgender '' . 
  it 's an adjective that requires a subject . 
  it 's `` a transgender person '' , or else it sounds somewhat dehumanising . 
  that said , good on him . 
  religious lgbt people need safe and inclusive prayer spaces . 
  as an atheist , i 'd recommend leaving religion , of course , but i recognise that not everyone wants to do that . 
  * reading * danish is very easy . 
  anyone could do that - at least , it 's very easy for norwegians . 
  no , the problem is understanding them when they 're * speaking * :p, 
  the city is actually named for river gouwe , for which the etymology is somewhat uncertain . 
  well , that 's because judaism does n't proselytise or seek to convert people to it , hence no jewish missionaries . 
  christianity and islam , on the other hand , consider it pretty important . 
  actually , both are quite successful at converting people to their religion . 
  yeah , i 've talked a bit with some of the immigrant women in my local area through some volunteer work , and my impression is that for them it 's also a cultural thing they 're quite proud of and identify with . 
  we 're talking the east african fairly full-coverage style . 
  these women have no trouble speaking up for themselves , and they 're not too fond of people telling them what * not * to wear . 
  yeah , i think only the dutch actually like them . 
  i 'm fairly sure there are some villages in norway that have been saved from extinction through dutch immigration :p, 
  well , she has a point , if what hans rosling says in this video is true : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4, 
  sure , i 'd like to go again some day . 
  it 's definitely one of the more interesting places i 've been . 
  i made sure to call ahead * early * so i managed to get tickets for the hypogeum . 
  lucky me , it was absolutely incredible !, 
  also , the weather was nice without being uncomfortably hot , even in the summer . 
  add in the numerous interesting historical ( and prehistorical ! ), 
  sites and all the museums , and it 's pretty much the perfect holiday destination for people who find sunbathing holidays a bit boring . 
  i 'm proudly republican , but absolutes are all over the place . 
  no , there 's always only one monarch , else there 'd be two diarchs . 
  it 's in the name . 
  this is the netherlands . 
  in the netherlands , monarchs * retire * . 
  and this is just the ones they 've put in an actual prison . 
  i bet the political activists that have been forced into military service against medical advice have n't been released . 
  as in `` hic sunt dracones '' ? 
  do you have a version with the top part still intact ? 
  well , no , because `` wales '' in welsh is `` cymru '' . 
  burned palate and everything , so you know you 've eaten grandis for days after the fact !, 
  frisian is a separate language , not an accent of dutch . 
  flemish is . 
  that said , a frisian-accented dutch is quite cute - a friend of a friend of mine speaks frisian at home , and you can definitely tell , 
  well , there 's a pretty big chunk of antarctica called queen maud land . 
  and that 's it for current `` overseas territories '' , except for two tiny islands ( peter i island and bouvet island ) . 
  this distinction is lost on reddit , especially when it comes to the issues of women or ethnic minorities . 
  i 'm afraid you 're fighting a losing battle . 
  criticism is `` silencing '' and `` censorship '' , after all :p at least when the critical opinions are inconvenient . 
  your hypothesis ( it does n't warrant the moniker `` theory '' ) has no basis in reality . 
  it pisses me off no end - people are calling this child abuse etc. 
  i have no idea why , but clearly they 're underestimating the social security net we have . 
  also , i do n't think they 've got an understanding of how difficult being transgender can be without government systems complicating it all , either . 
  i 'm cis , so i do n't have a personal understanding , either , but i 've got friends who are n't , and it is n't easy , even in a country like norway ( like the damn treatment monopoly and not having an option for a second opinion if you get turned down ) . 
  the suicide attempt rate among transgender people is extremely high . 
  it 's not a trivial issue . 
  and giving them the basic human dignity of being able to tell the law that they themselves know best what gender they are , that 's just common decency . 
  it might just help a bit in an already difficult situation . 
  a study from canada seems to show that correct identification helps a fair bit , too : [ link ] ( http://www.torontosun.com/2015/06/08/suicide-rate-much-higher-for-transgender-canadians-study ), 
  if you can read norwegian , try this [ link ] ( https://www.regjeringen.no/no/dokumenter/horing---forslag-til-lov-om-endring-av-juridisk-kjonn/id2423028/ ) . 
  it 's a government proposal for a new law , as well as changes to a number of other laws , and this is basically a request for comments from various organisations and government entities and the like , to be presented before the hearing . 
  [ here 's a link with more information in english . 
  ] ( https://www.regjeringen.no/en/aktuelt/the-government-proposes-to-make-it-easier-to-change-legal-gender/id2425069/ ), 
  yeah , exactly . 
  but that 's what norway requires right now to change the m or f marker . 
  that 's why a lot of us are very happy they 're removing that requirement . 
  sweden 's actually * way * ahead of us - they do n't require sterilisation to change the legal marker . 
  for context , people - until now , norway has required not just any surgery , but sterilisation ( radically so - removal of testes or ovaries ) to legally change the sex marker in their passports . 
  that 's more than a bit dodgy !, 
  having an id marker that does n't agree with the gender one presents is stressful . 
  ( especially when you get questioned intimately about the state of your internal organs at border crossings . ),
