well , norwegians like to shoot things , i guess ? 
  hunting is very popular , and game is tasty ( and also , moose overpopulation is a problem ) . 
  i have a gun nut uncle who would bring home whole moose , and my stepfather used to hunt small game , mostly ptarmigan . 
  a number of my friends have a hunting licence and hunt regularly . 
  some numbers : there are 470 600 registered hunters in norway that have paid their hunting fee at least once in last five years . 
  that 's 9 % of the population . 
  add in the people who have n't paid their fees recently but used to so still own guns , and that hunters often own more than one gun since you may need different ones for different game , plus one for practice . 
  and that 's before we 're counting sports shooters , who may also have a number of guns . 
  so let 's say one in ten norwegians owns guns , and they have three on average . 
  that 's how you get 30 per 100 . 
  there has been a lot of back and forth over this , but currently members of the home guard who have weapons at home do not have the firing pin , nor ammunition , so that the weapon is not immediately functional ( there are systems for rapid distribution if necessary ) . 
  it 's been this way since the 2000s , things were changed after a particularly brutal triple murder , if i recall correctly . 
  so i do n't think those are counted . 
  besides , to own a weapon in norway you must show you have a good reason to , either by documenting active membership in a gun club ( for pistols and revolvers - this requires a fair bit of effort ) , or being on the registry of hunters . 
  being a registered hunter requires getting a hunter 's licence . 
  in addition to that , one must conform to strict rules for storage . 
  so all in all , it 's too much effort if you do n't actually use a gun for anything , but quite a lot of norwegians do . 
  tl ; dr - no , norway is not as lax as switzerland when it comes to guns :p, 
   also , i think that this will probably double the number of guns per person in norway over time , no ? 
  considering how many guns we have already , that would put us in second place on the guns per capita by country list . 
  we 're at the eleventh place as is :p but no , i do n't think it 'll double . 
  for one , having served in the military does n't mean you end up owning a gun , even if you learn how to shoot . 
  weapon laws in norway are fairly restrictive ( strict rules for storage etc. 
  ) , so people generally do n't own guns unless they plan to use them , that 'd be too much effort . 
  also , the number of women hunters is rising sharply , so plenty of women own guns as is . 
  [ white wine in the sun , by tim minchin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcnvzqpa-7q ), 
  yeah , i definitely get that . 
  norway is still `` christian '' culturally and 75 % are members of the church of norway , while only 36 % actually consider themselves religious at all . 
  ireland not conservative ? 
  not fiscally , but socially ireland is fairly conservative and rather more religious compared to other countries in europe , though it has been getting better . 
  the most glaring example is probably the abortion issue . 
  it 's no saudi arabia , of course , and it 's not the only conservative country ( poland comes to mind , as does malta ) , but it 's still fairly conservative . 
  this is definitely a good point , thanks for the link !, 
  i do n't see how it 's a bad thing that it 's socially acceptable for a woman to live on her own , without a family . 
  the countries where the rates are low are pretty conservative , while the high-rate countries are generally socially liberal and not super religious . 
  i 'm thinking europe-wide , really . 
  there are several countries in europe with a very large percentage of muslims , if not a majority , and it 's a popular name , as we can tell by you ssb list . 
  there are n't enough here in norway for mohammed to make an appearance at the top of the lists , but it places quite high if you take into account that only about 3 % of our population is muslim . 
  at least it makes sense , unlike naming a norwegian boy `` liam '' . 
  how do you pronounce that in norwegian ? 
  this is a map of the most common names given to babies in 2012 . 
  if you look at the population in general , i 'm sure we 'd find a lot more jans and mohammeds . 
  well , they 've got to finish the job , do n't they ? 
  yeah , i figured - people outside of fennoscandia often do n't know , but i figure i can do my bit to inform people , 
  `` lapp '' is considered derogatory , just so you know . 
  use `` sami '' , 
  but ... 
  the slavs have a pretty long and interesting history , why would you * not * want to be a slav when you in fact are one * and * speak a slavic language . 
  seriously ? 
  area with different weather patterns , is my guess - not far enough south for the better weather , but unlike the area north of it , not shielded by the british isles against the worst of the damp atlantic air from the west . 
  it fits with what i learnt in school about a different area - the scandinavian mountains are a sort of weather barrier , ensuring that the air on the eastern side is drier and the weather more stable . 
  ( see the green/blue border from south-east norway through sweden . ), 
  it has to do with the altitude ( and subsequent lower air pressure ) causing the damp atlantic air to be unable to hold on to all the water , so it precipitates mostly on the western side . 
  having lived on either side of the range i can attest to the weather on the eastern side being a lot more stable and rather drier , by norwegian standards of course :p, 
  8 out of 25 are news sites . 
  i think we have a bit of an addiction !, 
  :p ( i guess that 's what you get from the country where almost every village has its own newspaper ... ), 
  cultural identity , you know . 
  bit like catholic and protestant atheists :p, 
  just using norwegian rules , is all . 
  we have n't had a regent for a good while , so i 'm not sure what would apply . 
  depends on whether they are a member of the royal house or the royal family , i think . 
  it 's `` your majesty '' , that 's the king . 
  `` your highness '' is for members of the royal family who are not currently regnant , heirs , or directly in line to the throne . 
  but not to worry , the king is said to be quite nice . 
  he just looks a bit stern in this picture . 
  in no particular order : * potetgull - potato crisps ( yes , norwegians , this is actually a brand name ) . 
  * post-it , post-it-lapp - sticky notes ( lapp means note ) . 
  * maisenna ( maizena ) , maisennamel - maize starch . 
  no ` z ' sound in norwegian . 
  * q-tips - cotton buds * blanko - correction fluid . 
  * termos - thermos , vacuum flask . 
  * lypsyl - lip balm . 
  * stillongs - long woollen underpants . 
  * cherrox - watertight lined winter boots for children . 
  there 's also the old ones like dynamite , aspirin , vaseline , heroin , etc , but they 're well integrated in other countries as well . 
  it 's a cow 's milk medium-hard cheese , with holes . 
  light yellow , slightly nutty taste but quite mild , and very versatile . 
  come to norway , learn how to be an european without being a eu citizen ? 
  they do n't make the grade unless they reproduce , and they mostly do n't , and that 's okay . 
  but we do n't get to take that choice from them , and we should n't . 
  also : most birth defects are n't genetic , so any offspring they do have are unlikely to have the same problem . 
  `` weeding them out '' would just deprive the population of a diverse individual , and reducing diversity reduces evolvability ( humans out of africa are already shockingly similar , genetically ) , and if we ca n't evolve , we ca n't survive . 
  eugenics is shooting ourselves in the foot when it comes to long-term survival of the species . 
  and the cattle example is an example of how eugenics can cause harm , because they 're not naturally evolved to be that way . 
  wild cattle manage just fine , you see . 
  eugenics is not a good idea in theory either . 
  eugenics is a seriously stupid idea from a genetics and evolutionary perspective . 
  you 're just weakening the human population and reducing its ability to survive change if you keep `` weeding out '' traits that some group consider undesirable , because you narrow down an already small gene pool . 
  genetic variation is needed for the survival of the species . 
  besides that , it 's inhumane and cruel . 
  norway still has that law , it 's pretty barbaric . 
  if you want biological children , you have to have those * before * you change your legal sex . 
  you have to be sterile and the storage options for semen are few , and donating eggs is illegal . 
  very traditional . 
  the jelling stones were also dedicated to someone with the same name . 
  the oldest dedicated to queen thyra by her husband , and the youngest dedicated to her and her husband king gorm , by their son . 
  definitely , poor girls . 
  not a fantastic song and i 'm not super impressed by the singing , but it 's eurovision . 
  poland showed us this year that remotely decent music is completely optional :p,
