  why not let people change it when they change their presentation ? 
  that makes name changes easier too , since norway 's naming laws are pretty strict when it comes to gendered names . 
  nowadays , people here get around the problem by getting unisex names , but they should n't have to that . 
  puberty may cause a number of changes that are difficult to change with later hormone therapy , but putting off puberty by delaying it medically means that there is more time to figure out things at a later age , when they are mature enough to give consent . 
  it 's basically the same treatment they give to children with precocious puberty . 
  it 's very helpful ( puberty can be traumatic to a transgender child ) , as well as reversible . 
  makes later transitioning less complicated , too !, 
  lakes typically do n't freeze solid , and the intake is n't on the surface . 
  they do have to take care to keep water speed up enough to prevent the pipes from freezing , though . 
  add in another factor : distances . 
  i moved out at 19 , to go study ~ 500km away from home , because that 's where the course i wanted was . 
  i moved straight to subsidised student housing ( through an [ swo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/student_welfare_organisation ) ) so it was affordable with a student loan . 
  and i 've known people from more rural areas who basically moved out at 16 to go to upper secondary . 
  of course , they tend to go home to their parents during the weekend , but when you 're from a village with 300 people in the middle of nowhere , commuting daily to an upper secondary school in the closest town is pretty impractical . 
  if your upper secondary is more than 40km from your parents ' house , and the total travelling time every day is more than three hours , you 're entitled to some monetary support to cover rent costs . 
  it 's not a very large amount , but it helps cover costs for a bedsit or shared apartment . 
  not really . 
  scandinavia is n't all that fantastic , especially not if you go back in time . 
  you should look up norway 's atrocities some time . 
  like the cultural genocide ( norwegianization ) on sami culture , language and religion . 
  or the forced sterilisation of norwegian and swedish travellers ( which went on until the 1970 's ) . 
  or the way the war children ( and their mothers ) were treated after ww2 . 
  there 's a fairly long list . 
  might not be quite as long as the british list , but then norway has never been a major colonial power . 
  i 'm sure it 'd be far longer if we 'd been . 
  also , i hear it 's not much fun to have your id checked when it says `` m '' or `` f '' and you do n't really look much like either . 
  or in countries like norway , where sterilisation is still required to change the sex identificator - you get pretty manly men with an f in their passport because they do n't want major surgery that is pointless anyway ( one 's uterus does n't show on the outside ) . 
  a third option is basically `` the other ones do n't apply '' . 
  totally went to a esc watching party !, 
  it 's pretty fun , at least if you do it with music nerds , 
  yeah , the period includes the [ big strike in 2012 ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/streiken_blant_kommune-_og_statsansatte_2012 ) . 
  i wonder how norway 'd place without it . 
  the high points are around the equinoxes , so march and september , and later in winter means there 's less daylight so more chances to see it . 
  pick a year with lots of solar activity , and come visit , 
  you can drive in norway for three months before you need to get a norwegian licence ( this applies to all driver 's licences from outside the eu/eec ) . 
  if you come around in winter , make sure you know how to drive on icy and snowy surfaces ( an obligatory part of our driving instruction ) , and use approved nordic winter tyres ( and keep snow chains in the boot if you 're going outside the cities ) if you 're not renting a car locally . 
  foreign drivers tend to be a bit accident-prone on norwegian roads in winter . 
  other than that , be careful and remember that we have no laws against jaywalking :p, 
  for your information : there are wolves in oslomarka , and the county of oslo is part of `` forvaltningsomr\u00e5det for ynglende ulv '' ( management area for wolf reproduction - bit difficult to translate , but it 's basically where the wolves live and breed ) . 
  wolves are in no way * far away * . 
  ca n't say that norway has a stellar track-record of treating ethnic minorities well . 
  i 'd like to see more acknowledgement of this . 
  it was covered in school , but ( imo ) not well enough . 
   very very few people actually speak regional languages in france well , duh !, 
  of course !, 
  that 's the result of the banning of all languages besides french for a long period of time . 
  they 've been very deliberately eradicated , and laws to protect them is the very least that can be done . 
  no , denmark was the first country to allow same-sex registered partnerships ( followed by norway , sweden , and iceland ) . 
  the netherlands were definitely first in allowing same-sex marriage , though . 
  i 'm not sure if your grandmothers or great-grandmothers or other female relatives who lived through it would ever tell anyone about it . 
  their closest relatives might know , but it was n't talked about . 
  still is n't . 
  rape is n't rare by any means , and it happens to the people we care about , but that does n't mean they 'll talk about it . 
  a lot of rapists seem to be very likeable people , but that does n't mean they 're not rapists ( but being likeable certainly makes it easier to find vulnerable people to prey on ) :(, 
  cis is n't very commonly used except when you need to distinguish them explicitly from trans people , but trans is used rather widely , no ? 
  no , but the concepts are pretty similar . 
  there 's a reason cis/trans is used to describe people and their gender identity compared to the ones they were assigned at birth . 
  i do n't even need the gravy , it 's good solid food . 
  pity i ca n't find the right type of sausage in norway . 
  sounds like you need more dutch pancakes with bacon in your life :p, 
  no , stein erik hagen seems to have stuck to the legal side of things . 
  as far as rich people go , he 's a pretty cool guy , really - one of the few famous people in norway to be openly bisexual . 
  also , he has n't owned rimi since 2004 , though he did found it . 
  actually , it 's 9 + 4,5 * 20 . 
  halvfemte used to be a word for four and a half , just like halvanden still means one and a half . 
  it 's `` four and half of the fifth '' , `` half-fifth '' for short . 
  i do n't think english has it , but dutch and german and the scandinavian languages used to have all of them and still have the one for one and a half . 
  [ of course , it does n't really help that the system wo n't get them up to level on reading and math . 
  ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/somaliere-er-frustrerte-over-nav-nav-er-enig-med-dem-7733688.html ) when nav itself thinks it 's a problem , it 's definitely a problem . 
  the range of incubation time is 10-21 days - are you * sure * no-one you had contact with in that period had been infected but did n't show symptoms ? 
  :p there 's a reason these diseases are so ubiquitous , they 're infectious as hell !, 
  you guys got infected about a week or two or so after you had been vaccinated ( incubation time is typically a bit more than two weeks ) , which is definitely before it had time to take effect . 
  that 's some pretty bad luck you 've got there !, 
  :( vaccines are n't instant protection !, 
  https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandshette , 
  in norway , these are actually called finland hoods . 
  seriously ? 
  they 're free in norway . 
   she threw it out without reading it , thinking it was junk mail . 
  as someone who has received those letters twice now , i really do n't get this . 
  those letters are pretty official-looking , and the envelopes have the municipality crest on them and everything . 
  it 's nothing compared to the paper-mill of actually being elected , but i 'd say it 's a fairly noticeable letter . 
  the letter informing you of having been elected is quite similar and comes in the same sort of envelope , so it 's a wonder she noticed that !, 
  let 's hope she does n't throw out any other important documents :p, 
  yeah , i noticed that when visiting the us . 
  public transport issues , and even little things like bank cards with no pin ( terrifying ) . 
  or mobile internet coverage everywhere . 
  things i take for granted . 
  i 'm sure living in small countries helps with the infrastructure , too . 
  as for your question , no idea . 
  i think it 's mostly a social attitude or norm . 
  you contribute to the common good because that 's what you 're supposed to do , and things are nicer afterwards . 
  in norway we 've got a word * dugnad * , meaning communal work . 
  the apartment complex i live in has one twice a year to take care of the garden furniture and stuff like that . 
  painting fences , etc. 
  and you can have a dugnad to finance or fix something for your sports team or a friend in need . 
  i guess taxes are just an extension of that . 
  sure !, 
  norway 's riches come from petroleum and a high participation in the work force ( norwegian women work , usually full time ) . 
  we also have cheap electricity due to hydroelectrics , so we produce a fair amount of aluminium , and then there 's ship building , but the oil and women working is pretty much it ( see [ this ] ( http://oecdobserver.org/news/fullstory.php/aid/3898/women_in_work:_the_norwegian_experience.html ) , third paragraph from the bottom , for a good illustration of the value of norwegian women working ) .
