  well , i quite liked the presentation and scene show too . 
  very in keeping with the theme of the song . 
  with her reaction to winning , colour me thoroughly charmed by conchita , 
  double reason to vote for austria . 
  plus , it 's actually a pretty decent song , 
  [ here 's a map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_%28netherlands%29 ) , and an informative article . 
  well ... 
  they 're a bit more accepting of people speaking it badly than you french people :p, 
  people from the same areas of the world often look relatively similar , with , say , a typical height , a typical colouring , and the shape of their facial features . 
  if you add clothes and other cultural cues , it suddenly becomes * very * easy to identify exactly where they are from , instead of the vague region . 
  i have trouble with the side-effects - the asthma medication gives me a drastic increase in pulse , and with the added effect of the exercise , it 's incredibly uncomfortable ( feels like a panic attack except i 'm not scared ) , and all of a sudden exercise is very much not fun , even before i 've gotten properly exhausted :p so i speedwalk to get places and run to catch the bus , and but prefer to do high intensity cardio indoors . 
  i need my ventoline available for exacerbations , but the side-effects are a bit too annoying for me to want to use it when i can avoid it . 
  i 'm very glad my asthma is mostly under control . 
  weightlifting , plus walking a lot , and hiking occasionally . 
  skipping rope , at times . 
  i should do more cardio , but weightlifting is just much more * fun * . 
  i generally ca n't exercise heavily outdoors ( either the weather 's too cold for my asthma , or there is too much pollen ) , so i mostly exercise indoors . 
  i go to the gym once or , ideally , twice a week , depending on whether i have time or not . 
  i use a student association gym , it 's a lot cheaper than regular fitness centres . 
  norwegian has * programvare * . 
  and * maskinvare * for hardware . 
  no puns , but it describes things perfectly . 
  on close inspection it 's often quite easy to differentiate between real and fake platinum blondes , if you know what to look for . 
  at a distance it 's not so easy . 
  you were very much trolled :p, 
  look at the flag . 
  look at the gold medal statistics for the winter olympics and compare these to our population . 
  look at the flag again . 
  realise it was a joke about norwegians ' obsession with the winter olympics . 
  what other olympics are there ? 
  `` dear fellow '' ? 
  oookay . 
  first of all , i 'm a woman , and second , you can ask me for elaboration without theatrics , you know :p aside from the the jews ( and the jesuits , they were also banned from entering norway ) , there was significant discrimination against the sami ( as well as concerted efforts to rob them of religion , culture and their languages ) , the norwegian travellers ( tater ) and the romani ( which are two different groups ) , the kven people and the forest finns ( both are of finnish descent ) . 
  that 's on a legal and governmental level . 
  look up norwegianisation . 
  plus there 's the general xenophobia , but that 's pretty mild compared to what norway has been up to . 
  yep , norway 's had plenty of dodgy politics ( the jews are n't the only minority we 've been exceptionally shitty to ) . 
  hundseid was one of the ones that jumped from the agrarian party to ns , though he said he `` felt forced '' afterwards . 
  not enough not to spend , what , ten years in prison ? 
  regrettable as that is , though , as it stands now i do n't think norway could extend exemptions from animal welfare laws to anyone , not when the muslims were not granted one either . 
  that 's not to say we should n't find some way to work around the religious rules while preserving the law . 
  ( the irony of it all was that both shechita and zabihah were meant to be kinder to the animal . ), 
  yeah , same in norway . 
  kosher meat is imported , halal slaughtering happens in norway with stunning , just with religiously approved methods of stunning , since the stunning should n't be lethal ( there was a problem with the normal stunning method for chickens sometimes killing them , so they had to change it , but they still do stun them ) . 
  i do n't get the hate on muslims , they 're pretty flexible about working within the rules we have in norway . 
  it 's a bit inconvenient for jewish people to have to import kosher meat , but the market may be a little too small for them to have agreements about stunning the animals before slaughter , i do n't know . 
  sizeable enough to try to pass state legislation demanding non-science be taught in several states . 
  also , the gop has nearly half the seats in the senate , more than half the seats in the house , so i do n't buy `` this is a problem that affects only the gop , therefore it 's not a big problem '' . 
  it 's not a small party , and a problem that affects the gop affects the whole country . 
  the problem here is that this is somehow acceptable for a fairly large number of politicians - but i guess that 's no wonder when also a [ large percentage of the population disbelieves evolution in the face of overwhelming evidence ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/108226/republicans-democrats-differ-creationism.aspx ) . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it 's a science education problem , and a problem with the public discourse . 
  it 's astounding the amount of sheer , wilful ignorance goes on . 
  what the hell ? 
  i mean , evolution is a ** fact ** , yet you guys have politicians who seem to think you can opt out of reality and that 's somehow okay . 
  they even argue for taking actual science out of science classes and replacing it with not-science . 
  also , climate change ? 
  that one 's real , too . 
  what the hell happened to your science education ? 
  it 's a country founded by great enlightenment era thinkers , and you have great universities and scientists , but why is n't that reflected in the politics ? 
  ( edit : i 'm sure we have evolution denialists , too , but they 're mostly nutty fundamentalists and not taken seriously . 
  why are they in the us ? ), 
  no , but we 're posting about the norwegian one :p ( that 's the one with short dark hair , on the left , btw . ), 
  not sure what is so rare about this . 
  we 've had 9 different ministers of defence in norway since 1993 . 
  5 of them are women ( eldbj\u00f8rg l\u00f8wer , kristin krohn devold , anne-grethe str\u00f8m-erichsen , grete faremo , and ine marie eriksen s\u00f8reide ) . 
  ok , so we did n't have any before that , but still . 
  i might not be entirely pleased with the government makeup as it is ( not being a fan of the progress party and all , plus some of those conservatives are n't all that ) , but eriksen s\u00f8reide is a very good choice for the job . 
  she may not be military ( most of our mods have n't been ) , but she was leader for the committee for defence and foreign affairs for four years during the last government , and is otherwise a quite capable politician . 
  that 's probably true  i 'm glad the royals are open about being dyslexic , though . 
  dyslexia runs in the swedish royal family - and by extension , the norwegian royal family is also somewhat affected . 
  the king of sweden once misspelt `` kung '' as `` knug '' and the name kind of stuck ... 
  i simply can not see the likeness between ellen degeneres and liv signe navarsete . 
  nope . 
  i 'm guessing it 's the same with retting in english . 
  i live in norway full time now , but i 'm better versed with weird words like that in dutch ( or english , i guess ) :p, 
  this is pretty inaccurate . 
  the translation of oslo ( capital of norway ) is debatable at best . 
  the probable translation is something like `` the meadow beneath the hill '' . 
  and the one for trondheim is just plain wrong . 
  nothing to do with thunder god thor at all . 
  it 's to do with the region around the trondheimsfjord being fertile and a good place to live . 
  the name for france is wrong , too . 
  the expression `` frankness '' is derived from the name of the people ( the franks , the ruling class ) , not the other way around . 
  the name of the people may be derived from them being fierce or from a weapon , but that 's not known . 
  hennep is hemp in english . 
  retting ( roten in dutch ) is also used to process flax ( vlas ) , which also is a popular fibre crop  so it 's not quite `` to rot '' , but `` to ret '' , 
  you know , that 's to be expected , seeing it 's your own language and all :p i know you danes understand each other even though children in denmark take longer to learn how to speak their own language than children in other countries . 
  i 'm asking how a dutch person can tell :p and norwegian has two written standards , no more . 
  some dialects are more difficult to understand because they have expressions that are completely different ( which i 'm sure * never * happens in denmark :p ) , but because people pronounce their consonants and vowels * clearly * , people from different sides of the country can understand each other well even though we have mountains and take up a lot larger area than mainland denmark . 
  the difference between `` kvifor/korfor '' and `` hvorfor '' is not big , and within norwegian language context , the variations make sense . 
  you can hear the individual words in danish ? 
  that 's pretty impressive :p, 
  `` yeah , we 'll accept refugees , except when they 're traumatised by war and have suffered from malnutrition from an early age . '', 
  ... do you see the problem ? 
  norwegian has both `` jeg '' and `` eg '' in the official written languages . 
  also , there 's no sami on the map - it should have north sami at the very least . 
  ( i 'm afraid i ca n't help you with `` i '' in any sami language , though ... ), 
  european windstorms are very strong extratropical cyclones . 
  properly hurricanes are * tropical * cyclones , but seeing as they 're described as `` hurricane strength '' on the beaufort scale and the words for these winds in various european languages is a cognate with the spanish `` hurac\u00e1n '' , there 's confusion . 
  butbut ... what about the [ 50 's zorro ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zorro_%281957_tv_series%29 ) , with guy williams as zorro ?
