  yes i do . 
  i would like to see the 3\u00ba spanish republic . 
  i have no problem at all . 
  if someones grandfather is spanish he is spanish by born right , period . 
  i have a very strong feeling . 
  when i listen the european union anthem i feel joy and i think that we can achieve whatever we want together . 
  good people and country . 
  9 right now , but in other jobs 6:30 , 7:30 etc etc. 
  what culture do you mean ? 
  yes in spain , national  regional , for example tax things . 
  basic things in school , how to have a `` fluent '' conversation with breaking bad , lost etc etc. 
  it is very popular in spain , 2\u00ba main sport i would say . 
  i cant recall any change in spanish language, 
  cant remember last time . 
  galician , spanish , french or english . 
  bravo !!!!!!!, 
  futbol, 
  go to askredit, 
  free world ? 
  you trolling or to much reagan this morning ? 
  for a woman in spain ? 
  what did you drink this morning ? 
  1,78 average male . 
  italian, 
  well , what we had here was a huge part of the population did not understand what is democracy . 
  we dont do such thing, 
  everyday , if a go to the gym twice . 
  everything concentrated in the capital , but we are not a centralised country , it is weird . 
  well i cant speak for my country but my answer is lol . 
  please god forgive him because he does not know what he is saying . 
  in 80 ' with democracy and common sense . 
  why not ? 
  well , not in 5 years at least hahahaha , but yes in the long run . 
  yes and no , my father used to do it but in a fake way . 
  he used to take 2 newspapers and hit one with the other in my ass , it was just noise but i didnt knew it hahahahahahahaha . 
  i was born in 1980 . 
  it is older than 19th, 
  no , why would i ? 
  spanish republic is what i want . 
  you are 100 % right, 
  if you are born in spain you are spanish , period . 
  you can always claim you are spanish . 
  i would like to know about those countries that werent superpowers . 
  because when i went to school we learned about empires or german , italian unification etctec , i did n't know about polish-lithuanian thing till 3 years ago , can you believe it ? 
  wow , it is a large timeline . 
  i would say roman empire ( really old times ) and russia ( \u043a\u0440\u0430\u0441\u043d\u044b\u0439 revolution ), 
  yes , i know , it was a litle bit trolling . 
  actually usa is not a huge vacation destination here in spain . 
  when we cross the atlantic we rather go to el caribe or mexico etcetc . 
  i would choose carlos i forever . 
  yeah , canc\u00fan for example . 
  people from galicia ( spain ) are known for answering a question with another question . 
  tourist not problem at all . 
  nothing, 
  no , he is not sociallist/left/whatever . 
  they even removed `` socialdemocrat '' from their party . 
  hahahahaha , and what else ? 
  in spain both mean right wing, 
  in some way fidel castro . 
  yes with at least 15 aircarriers with eurofighters on them . 
  wow , is this ask europe or ask asia ?? 
  around 6-8l per week . 
  i have no problem at all , wellcome home , we dont burn people at the stake anymore hehe i love to see them fighting with spanish language . 
  serbia ? 
  n.ireland ? 
  scotland ? 
  culture is a very wide word . 
  do you mean not to eat pork ? 
  to stay at home on saturdays ? 
  to wear flips flops and socks in summer ? 
  to drink like horses ? 
  i always liked this one : tu puta madre en bicicleta, 
  much more than people thinks about spain hahahaha, 
  i usually say nothing to them , it is a private thing . 
  i have friends who support franco . 
  i cant chose my friends , it is a life 's law . 
  not enough no i am worry about this public transport , water comsumption at home , electricity comsumption etcetc good morning to you too, 
  100 % agree, 
  franco and all his supporters are cancer, 
  no and no . 
  i have never been outside europe , but i have traveled outside my country . 
  you are mistaken things in my opinion . 
  el cantar del mio cid , around 1200 ( spanish ) el foro del buen burgo de castro caldelas , around 1200 ( galician ) text of the last one here : https://www.yumpu.com/pt/document/view/12890440/o-foro-do-bo-burgo-do-castro-caldelas-consello-da-cultura-galega/7, 
  when i was a kid and i was starting to learn it i was always thinking , `` what a stupid people !!!, 
  why dont they read all the letters in their words ?! '', 
  hahahahaha, 
  the same thing happend to my wife 's father , so many years living in ukraine but in the end when he tried to speak it was like an invisible wall . 
  i wanted to ask you just to check if it was something similar . 
  why ? 
  galician , spanish , portuguese , english and survival russian . 
  not in spain, 
  italian or greek arabic, 
  well if cyprus is why not israel . 
  i am not saying right although, 
  bagpipes are the tipical thing where i live in spain , galicia . 
  that was invaded by the soviets, 
  menu del dia too, 
  nobody follows those sports but basketball . 
  yeah !!!, 
  kiev mini buses it was the worst and the best at the same time .
