`` amigo del alma '' i think it would be , we also have `` amor platonico '' that is another thing though, 
  that we are a team , let hard brexit be . 
  that in spain we are all natives . 
  i cant speak portuguese because i have never studied it , so if i try is like galician trying to sound like portuguese hahahaha . 
  yeah , it is quite similar . 
  i cant believe i am reading this bs about basques . 
  good actor , but a little confused in real life lately xd, 
  yes , sure . 
  spanish , galician , english , little russian and i can read and understand 90-95 % portuguese texts . 
  like cervantes said : `` donde fueres haz lo que vieres '' --  `` when in rome , do as the romans '' if you can do it , you are wellcome . 
  credit cards in spain , ours have a little microchip , so when you pay you have to type your pin in the little machine . 
  when i went to england i didnt see local credit cards with this . 
  when i was in the university i had to do a little project about phone call with mobiles , monopolies and oligopolies etctec and i found out that here in spain outgoing calls are payed by the outgoing company ( you ) but in the usa the cost of the call is shared beteween companies . 
  i want you to notice that i am not talking about the phone bill , i am talking about how the industrie works . 
  i know it not too much `` techological '' but is the 1\u00ba thing that came to my head . 
  1 - in my humble opinion trump is not a good president 2 - i dont see usa as a guardian , i see usa as a problem most of the time . 
  3 - n.korea is a dictatorship , as china is or other countries are . 
  1 +1 = 2 5 - america is a continent  6 - there are aliens , therefore bible is wrong . 
  best korea . 
  my parents used to tell that the sack man will came for me to take me away or that they will send me to the gyspies for free . 
  with enough amount of vodka who knows , everything is possible hehehe, 
  not in spain, 
  no , spain had a civil war in 1936-1939 . 
  i grew up here https://prnt.sc/g3ee9c, 
  wars a danger for the world . 
  yes , once , in the university canteen , he was from western sahara , he did speak a really good spanish . 
  i asked him if he was from morocco , what a fucking error hahahahahaha , he gave a look into the eye that i will never forget :d, 
  well because in 1\u00ba place to whom we are supposed to give it back ? 
  ceuta has been under german tribes , taifa and caliphats , portugal , spain . 
  so yes , we can give it back to a modern country ( that had it before in the past ) , and 1\u00ba option in a real list is portugal for ceuta . 
  modern morocco starts arround 1666 do we give back spain to isis ? 
  in spain there are a lot of them . 
  sometimes is hard to understand some people . 
  the general attitude is to laugh about others because a lot of times it just sound funny or to criticize . 
  something both at the same time hahahaha . 
  i do speak a regional variety , i speak spanish under galician influence . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/variedad_del_castellano_de_galicia i know a better wikipedia article but i cant find it right now , i know it was in english with much more deep detail . 
  in soutamerica we , galicians , are your `` chukchi '' , i dont know how to speel it , i know you do jokes about them because they are strange and not smart people . 
  what is for you an antifa ? 
  this question is like `` what is healthy food ? '', 
  too much open subject . 
  yes and no . 
  in my opinion usa should do something about losing by 2-3 millions votes but wining the election . 
  venezuela no turkey yes . 
  cheap but not bad towels . 
  that he cant extrapolate from chine to europe . 
  in spain shoes please . 
  afaik is save to go there . 
  to many guiris in summer, 
  `` estancos '' , a place in spain where you can only buy tobacco , this place needs an special licence . 
  in spain you only can buy tobacco here and bars . 
  not in spain, 
  this is how it works in spain + bar + restaurant, 
  against italy , reason : beautiful women, 
  not so much in spain, 
  in spain we use to say `` pavos '', 
  vox and pp ( popular party ), 
  well we dont have many turks here in spain so i can tell you nothing . 
  i do , lot of spaniards as well . 
  i can trace back till grand grand grandfather , all from galicia . 
  i have been living in the same village that my grand grand grandfather till 3 years ago that i move 20km away . 
  zodiac kleneex albal ( papel albal ) tupperware tippex, 
  hahaha :d i `` love '' when i see people trying to overtake on the right side of the road or when you go 120km/h and there are trailors overtaking you on the highway . 
  how they drive ... holy fuck . 
  i have meet natives from central and south america . 
  in spain we have a positive vision of them . 
  great warriors . 
  ukraine, 
  mulato is not offensive in spain . 
  i dont know if there was any government assistance , but i know that when you are released from jail in spain the government gives you some money . 
  both had around 18-21years old , i know that in the begining there it was hard because there were very young and they were afraid of being abused or whatever , but you know a spanish prision is not like usa or russia . 
  i know that one of them started to do a lot of sport inside jail . 
  when they came back to normal life i had lost contact with them . 
  years later i meet them again and they were normal people , both with a child and wife . 
  now all this made me remember another one in jail , he commited suicide . 
  well , i have 2 friends of mine that spent 8 years in prison . 
  both of them are working now , children etc etc. 
  why country is with c ? 
  yeah , and ngo at the same time , but `` we '' or my state does not financies religion wars . 
  and btw it is catolicismo ( the one and only true one ) and not christianism what is financied heheheheheh pd : i am atheist , but i little trolling in the morning is like napalm , i like it heheheh, 
  tu madre en bicicleta - your mother riding a bike meaning : haha you wish mate this is not gon na happen . 
  portugal + spain true champions as i can see in this post . 
  salt ? 
  you loco in the head . 
  guiri is not a bad word , it used for some type of tourist . 
  english irish german scandinavia and loosers from 2010 world cup hahhahaha, 
  guiri is not a bad word . 
  you are like us 500 years ago . 
  fuck , you are even worst , and that is hard to achieve . 
  fucking religion man . 
  gabacho for france espagueti for italia woman with moustage and towell seller for portugal, 
  like in gladiador ? 
  for me this is hardest by far \u0428 , \u0449 , \u0446 \u0419 , \u044b, 
  35 $ , 4g , unlimited calls and sms and 10gb , vodafone . 
  not retail , business ( thanks daddy !!!!!! ), 
  in spain nobody uses sms , only whatsapp app . 
  what is tethering ? 
  it is not important in spain , i dont even know the name of our president 's wife . 
  ukraine and i loved it, 
  too much popular,
