  mussolini 's contributions to fascism still have nothing to do with it though , that 's just something the fascists and mussolini did , it has nothing to do with the ideology of fascism , which is what you were talking about with your first comment . 
  you are completely ignoring that italy surrendered and removed mussolini from power ( imprisoning him ) , that germany installed a puppet government with the help of the fascist ( which explains `` nazifascism '' ) and most importantly you are ignoring the italian resistance movement . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  no one denies that mussolini was the creator of fascism , or that fascist italy was bad and so on . 
  at school we study fascism , a lot . 
  mussolini 's contributions to fascism is n't represented because it has nothing to do with this , italy surrendered and stripped mussolini of his power in 1943 . 
  afterwards germany increased its presence in northern italy effectively creating a puppet government with the aid of mussolini and the fascists . 
  then there was war between the `` nazifascists '' , the allies and the partisans , which ended on 25th of april 1945 , with the liberation of the north from the control of the nazifascists . 
   what happened ? 
  the italians realized they were on the losing side and a few of them `` switched '' out of their selfishness ? 
  italy did n't switch anything , they lost and they surrendered . 
  germany then invaded italy creating a puppet government in the north , which is what italy was liberated from and that 's the subject of the celebration . 
  also , there was an italian anti-fascist resistance from the beginning . 
   celebrating ww2 italy is no different than celebrating ww2 nazi germany . 
  no one is celebrating ww2 italy though , literally everything you said is wrong . 
  if it were n't for the us some countries would n't have had fascism though , ever heard of pinochet ? 
  crazy how people like you ca n't bother to read what happened between 1943 and 1945 . 
  also , care to point out where people are claiming that fascist italy was n't disgusting ? 
  thank you for [ undermining our democracy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_gladio ) mr. `` i have 0 personal accomplishments and i need to take credit for things i did n't do to make myself feel better '' , 
  italy surrendered in 1943 and was invaded by germany which made a government with the fascists in the north , that 's what italy was liberated from . 
  italy surrendered in 1943 and was invaded by nazis , who made a puppet government in the north with the help of the fascists , thus nazifascism . 
  where did you read anyone claim that fascism was n't bad because of nazifascism ? 
   i 'd just like to see everyone owning up to their history in an unbiased fashion . 
  which is what you do n't seem to be doing , ignoring that italy surrendered in 1943 and it was invaded by germany . 
  as i 've repeated multiple times , no one is saying that italians did n't commit atrocities , or that italy was good in any way , just that there 's a good reason why this day is celebrated . 
  you are making no sense whatsoever . 
   that would be the exact same thing this holiday is about . 
  not at all and i 've explained why in the previous comment , just re-read it , your comment makes no sense given my answer , i 've already addressed it . 
  i get that you want the world to hate italy for whatever reason , but you do n't get to rewrite history . 
  except no one is claiming that italian fascists were `` better '' than the german nazis , that has nothing to do with this day . 
  no one is pretending that though , i do n't know what 's up with all the people in this thread claiming such a thing . 
  edit : germany did n't surrender in 1943 and it was n't invaded by italy , fascists did n't create a puppet government in germany with the help of the nazis . 
  and german partisans did n't help freeing germany of that non-existant fascinazist government . 
  no one here is saying italy did n't commit atrocities , i do n't know what your problem is . 
  everyone who studies history in high school knows that , who is ignoring it ? 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  no one is trying to shift the `` blame '' to germany though , it 's `` nazifascism '' because the nazis invaded italy after the surrender and they made a puppet government with the fascists . 
  bad trolling attempt . 
  sad !, 
  do you have any source claiming that italy was partecipating in the war before going out of the triple alliance ? 
  and yeah i remember the invasion of ethiopia and greece , too bad it happened during ww2 , not ww1 , kind of different . 
  italy did n't switch sides in ww1 , they had a defense agreement , the triple alliance , but the other countries started an * offensive * war , breaking the agreement . 
  in ww2 italy surrendered , but it was invaded by germany so it could n't possibly stay neutral , not exactly `` switching sides '' . 
  i could n't find anything with google , do you have a source ? 
   [ citation needed ] . could you please point me out to those enormous mass of italians blaming the rest of the worlds for the commited atrocities as opposed to mussolini italy and germany please ? 
  he does n't mean to say that italians blame the rest of the world but that the rest of the world does n't blame the italians . 
   guns are in fact not an escalating factor , confrontations with drawn firearms tend to end less violent then those with drawn knifes for example . 
  do you have evidence for this claim ? 
  and a confrontation where both parties have drawn their firearms is just one of the possible scenarios . 
   you probably wont see a gun when you visit switzerland , czechia or the us unless you are n't activly searching for it . 
  i said `` knowing '' . 
   in fact its easier to keep this people away from guns by destroying the black market with liberal gun laws . 
  true but you would n't really destroy the black market , there would still be demand for weapons since criminals would n't be able to buy them legally , or they would n't want it to be known . 
  just because it works in switzerland it does n't mean that it would work in every country , i think that you are underestimating the effects that lowering gun control would have . 
  there are many variables that come into play , for example escalation of violence , or the fact that going from seeing 0 guns to knowing everyone around you might have one would not really reduce the amount of * terror * . 
  also , terrorists usually are european citizens , not illegal immigrants , they 'd be able to get the guns too . 
  what are you on about ? 
  of course it has nothing to do with it , you were the only one to bring it up . 
   politicians touch gun rights the rest of europe is n't switzerland , would you suggest increasing gun rights for the other countries ? 
  so now it 's okay to let other countries jail fellow citizens without any reason if they have a view on immigration we do n't agree with ? 
  that 's quite the logical leap buddy , you 'd fit in quite nicely in turkey . 
  i thought we were the only civilised country !, 
  glad to know there are others , it 's the same in italy . 
  edit : but wait to what the hell happened in 1975 ? 
  italy did it in the same year . 
  20-30 years ago terrorist attacks were already normal though , and it 's not like european countries have had no right wing government in the past 30 years , mr. `` if i was in command everything would be perfect '', 
   infact not having to focus on its hygiene as much is great . 
  so you do n't clean your genitals at all ? 
  kind of disgusting , circumcision does n't make you clean by default , and how long do you think it takes to clean your penis ? 
  removing a piece of your body so that you do n't have to clean is beyond ridiculous . 
  edit : also , for parents it 's obviously harder to keep a circumcised penis clean than an uncircumcised one . 
  you do n't have to retract the foreskin of babies to clean them , it 's actually advised not to do it . 
   why is there so much hate towards it these days ? 
  because it is genital mutilation and people tend to hate genital mutilation . 
  it is medically unnecessary * , the health benefits are widely debated and circumcision introduces a whole new class of problems , like botched circumcisions , adhesions or even death ( 100 per year in the us ) . 
  you lose nerve endings and protection of a super sensitive part of your body . 
  it is imposed on children when they could just let them decide when they 're adults . 
  * in the vast majority of people edit2 :  yes , saying you do n't have to worry about something as much means you do n't do it at all , lesson learned ... / s it takes so little time that `` not focusing on it as much '' basically means not doing it at all . 
   sorry i dont know what it is like to have a foreskin , never really cared i hope you are going to care if you happen to have children . 
   i just assumed that it would trap more sweat/other things throughout the day than not having one , right ? 
  yes , still takes 2 seconds to clean and it 's still not a reason to cut off the foreskin . 
  i was talking about accents , not dialects . 
  everyone in italy speaks italian , they just have a different way of pronouncing things , which is what accents are about . 
  i did n't say that they dubbed it because italians would n't have been able to understand them . 
  on top of that , there are regional languages ( they are different from province to province too ) , colloquially and erroneously called `` dialects '' by italians . 
  if a guy from napoli and a guy from venezia meet they are n't going to speak to each other in neapolitan and venetian , they are going to use italian to communicate . 
  i 'm not sure but i think that the movies were filmed in english , and i think that they were dubbed in english as well though . 
  i think that the reason why they were dubbed was the same for both languages : their strong accent ( bud is from naples and terence is half german ) . 
  i 've always liked the italian translation too , so much so that i did n't even realise that they were dubbed when i was younger lol, 
  no , there 's the nhs which covers everyone but you can get private insurance on top of it . 
  as in many other european countries that follow the `` beveridge '' model . 
  the problem with that question is that people can be pro-universal healthcare but against single payer , i 'm not sure why they would put both things in the same question . 
  `` libertarian '' as a political term was first used by communists , that 's why, 
  you 're right , i did n't remember correctly . 
  anyway , i do n't see why europeans would agree with it given that no country in europe has a single payer healthcare system . 
  the economic system of social liberalism is capitalism.for social liberals a certain degree of social justice ( healthcare , education etc for people who ca n't afford it ) is necessary for individual liberty . 
  on the other hand libertarian socialists ( like chomsky ) do not support capitalism . 
  there 's no question about universal healthcare though, 
  you find that considering your parents criminals because they spanked you is ridiculous , which means that you find the idea of harming other people being illegal ridiculous . 
  harm is n't a strong word , it 's the * correct * word .
