  and ngos help to reduced the risk on sea even further . 
  but sure go ahead , make fun and downplay this . 
   yes , by all means do hide from the nasty reality that every western nation is significantly safer than it was not more than 20-30 years ago . 
  and in ee also . 
  maybe even better . 
  and it would have been even better in we without some specific problems brought by noneuro immigration . 
   and please substitute muslim with romanian in your comment i did . 
  pls do it also . 
  and tell me : 1 ) how are ( or were , even during comunism ) religious minorities in romania treated compared to how chrstians are treated in mena . 
  i would say much better ( not perfect , true ) 2 ) and 3 ) what problems specific to romanians or romanian descendants in other countries can you see ? 
  did romanians created nogo zones . 
  did romanians asked for separate laws for them in usa , canada or more recently in italy , spain or even more recently in uk ? 
  and yes romanian tops the charts regarding crime . 
  not always first but close anyway . 
  but with your logic no matter what you 're gon na have someone that will be 1st . 
  so we have to chose between not doing anything no matter how bad it is and ignore that ( fight the crime of course , i mean in public speech ) or discriminate always whoever is 1st even if in general is still relatively good ? 
  i say not . 
  imo is about a threshold ( granted , not easy quantifiable ) above which you should be able to say that enough is enough . 
  problems that i described for me are more than enough . 
  is not that they are first . 
  is that problems that they come with are special , is not just regular crime that any group big enough will have . 
   is still `` against immigration '' . 
  so how come i did n't ask to stop granting working visas ? 
   yeeeah what you 're asking is that the difficult process with already tremendous delays should be done in 5-10mins on a boat . 
  come on now . 
  yes . 
  when you have chaos on the streets and huge riots you do n't wait for trials that take months or years . 
  you activate martial law to streamline this . 
  so the concept is not unique . 
  we have an exceptional situation , lots of cases , so will simplify the whole process so we can cope with this huge number of cases . 
   yeah they do , what do you think their options in the camps are ? 
  asylum or just kinda chill for a while ? 
  what camps ? 
  are these camps closed and mandatory ? 
  or can they just leave , go to germoney and ask for asylum there ? 
   this is not what 's happening , not even according to your imaginary scenario so i 've no idea how it became your concluding question . 
  i see that now hundreds of thousands come to europe and they remain here because even though they should be deported the whole process is a bitch , making it ineffective . 
  that can only mean that more and more will try . 
  why would n't they ? 
  for subsaharians sahara is actually more dangerous . 
  once they reached the coast all they need is to find a spot in an inflatable boat , go out 12 miles , ngos will pick them , set foot in europe who cant send them back home . 
  minimum danger , high reward . 
  i do n't need to . 
  i can see just fine how christians are treated as minority in a lot ( not all ) of muslim countries . 
  i can see the problems created now by descendants of muslim immigrants . 
  i can see what happens in local areas where muslims become majority , how they try to even impose sharia in some neighborhoods . 
  white flight phenomenon is proven to exists . 
  minimize as much as you want what i said , the truth is that we have problems that we did n't have before , they are purely imported along with muslim immigrants and right now the trend does n't look good to me . 
  and please spare me the lecture how i 'm racist ( i do n't care about their skin color ) , how religion ( or islam in particular ) is not that bad and all the rest of nice flower power texts that i 'm sick of hearing for the last 10 years ( since i started caring about these things ), 
  so why do n't you build your own missile-defense system ? 
  and you know what this means for destination country , right ? 
  going underground , illegal work and more crime, 
  i was referring to europe . 
  but if this your best argument then i rest my case . 
  we however will have a big and ongoing problem with more and more islam in europe . 
  will have this problem for many generations to come . 
   are the ones who left the same as the ones who came via the quota system ? 
  `` seventy-two out of the 90 syrians and iraqis resettled to lithuania from greece or turkey , and granted refugee status under its eu quota , have since left , according to official figures . '', 
  `` more than half of the 63 refugees given asylum in latvia under its eu quota have left , according to an estimate by the latvian red cross . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-baltics-iduskbn13n0ry ), 
  they have a temporary problem . 
  we however ... 
   whatever other nationality soros is also hungarian, 
  but we did give it a try . 
  even countries who said they want this did n't fulfill their part . 
  many refuse because they wan only germoney and sweden . 
  even people who agreed to be redistributed in a country ( they agreed to go there ) left . 
  few ? 
  few were allocated for baltics . 
  most left . 
  percentagewise does n't look good at all . 
  impact on italy and greece is negligible since more are still coming . 
  what 's next . 
  quota system 2.0 ? 
  the same principle but different numbers ? 
  riiiiiiiight . 
  first of all you asked `` what is a solution ? '', 
  not `` what is the solution ? '', 
  ( which would have implied that refers to the context ) . 
  second thing . 
  i did think . 
  you did n't ask . 
  ( refer to my 1st point ) . 
  you just assumed . 
  you did ? 
  do you think that quota system is a solution to this problem ? 
  that it fixes the problem ? 
  if yes maybe you can enlight me . 
  if not , why insist ? 
  4th am i not allowed to point to this and say that is not a solution if this is what i actually think ? 
  am i not allowed to ask for real , effective solutions instead of letting this fly and in the end still having the problem ? 
  even of quota would be fully applied , 100 % , we would still have the problem . 
  now as for the real solution . 
  closed camps . 
  being a refugee should not grant you the right to roam through europe . 
  i honestly do n't understand why nobody even considers it . 
  is not that we do n't want to help , is that some of us are afraid of the impact on our society , our daily life , our security . 
  ( and do n't tell me that there are no reasons for that , unless you lived under a rock in the last 2-3 years ) . 
  this way people who are not refugees will not come if they know that closed camp is the best that they can hope for . 
  this in itself will reduce the illegal immigration flow making it more manageable .
