  ca n't wait for that company to claim that that 's how czechs want their fish fingers , with less meat , local tastes you know ... 
  who cares what a nazi says ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  because of improper labeling they made people eat horsemeat even if they would n't do that . 
  this was the problem few years ago with a similar scandal also , not because people got sick or something else . 
  so it was n't romanians like all the western press shouted after they found their perfect patsy, 
  which means that you make euro stronger , creating unemployment in weaker economies such as southern countries . 
  poland cheaper than bulgaria , romania and even ukraine ? 
  [ you should be used to that by now ] ( https://www.buzzfeed.com/lauragallant/queen-elizabeth-ii-and-british-prime-ministers-1u3qx?utm_term=.ui4jkvogww#.uc5km83vev ), 
  merkel was closer though . 
  i hope you bookmarked this comment for a quick delete just in case someone you know find out your reddit account , 
  by putting europeans ' interests above `` refugees '' interests ? 
   world war  ( only on ) european soil pick one, 
   they crossed from syria to turkey in 2014 and were said to have reached germany , traveling separately via greece , between march and july 2015 . 
  as long as * come from a war zone * stay were they are assigned ( no country shopping , not even city shopping ) * do n't lie in the application * do n't break any law . 
  any small violation of these rules will lead to immediate deportation . 
  i do n't fucking care where . 
  as long as you ask for help you do n't get to shit on the head of the helpers . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  gtfo, 
  i thought we already have that, 
  if only we could learn from them about immigration policies . 
  bullshit only 30 ron for a dog . 
  again with this shit ? 
  you voted recently . 
  tell me something . 
  did your ballot say : `` put the stamp on who you want to be pm '' and most british put it on may ? 
  not that it matters or changes anything but as a concerned european i just feel the urge to say it : ** fuck amnesty **, 
  in poland ? 
  catholic church would like to have a word with you . 
  friend of ee . 
  has no claim on ee teritorry , life for regular citizens is good compared to what we have today inside nuclear russian empire and inside role model countries for how nuclear western caliphate may look like ( sa , iran ) in the future . 
  its from the article . 
  i forgot to put the quotes . 
  before internet idiots did n't have a platform to easily reach millions . 
  so basic education and some minimal trust in the state was enough . 
  til, 
   cuba is known for having quite a few new and very effective treatment measures / s ? 
   bogdan what are you referring to by `` bogdan '' ? 
  thats how that region is known in turkey ? 
   do n't bother going on . 
  yeah ... no . 
  you deserve an answer . 
  if you do n't want to answer at my comment that 's fine . 
   fgm is extremely rare https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6lahix/fgm_more_than_5000_new_cases_in_england_the_nhs/ it a fucking phenomenon not some isolated cases . 
  totaly imported . 
   terror attacks i agree with undermining civil rights . 
  some conspiracy nutjobs might see it as the end goal of this `` refugees '' shitstorm ( and overall irresponsible immigration policies ) . 
  and when you see the effects of decades of such policies becomes harder and harder to contradict them . 
  on the other hand when you hear that some lives could have been saved if only one radicalized man known to the police that is a ticking bomb could have been handled if some laws would be different . 
  not to mention that the number of such suspects makes tracking all of them 24/7 an impossible task . 
   acid attacks are not limited to refugees . 
  are n't this kind of attacks also `` imported '' ? 
  along with pakistanis ( mostly ) . 
   the treatment of women improves with time . 
  no it wont if you keep importing people with this backward view regarding gender roles in society . 
   immigrants in prison probably have to do with the failure of european domestic policies more than anything . 
  so we must have great domestic policies regarding chinese but for some reason we do n't apply them to somalis . 
  when you see all these problems , some unique to this immigrants demographics , you must wonder if all this is worth it . 
   countries like canada handle immigration very well , yes they do . 
  because they select who steps foot on their soil . 
  we were n't able to do that properly even for legal immigration that happened decades ago ( in france and i would say even germany , although their situation is better ) . 
  i 'm sure you realize that will be much worse with illegal , unselected immigration from subsaharian shitholes . 
   it was created to do both eu 's main responsability is towards its citizens . 
  there are optional bonuses that are nice , but not when it contradicts its `` law 0 '' ( asimov 's robotics laws reference ) . 
  edit : format, 
  i do n't have a problem with the 35 mil if this is what you think . 
  i would n't mind even 1 billion to help italian government manage `` refugees '' that are already here . 
  i have a problem with `` defer the italian government from the idea of closing ports for ships with refugees and migrants . '', 
  yeah . 
  and in 2-3 generations ee will be squeezed between nuclear western caliphate and nuclear russian empire . 
   well , that 's what you claim with good arguments . 
  fgm , acid attacks , terror attacks , how women are treated , higher criminal activity in general ( hugely over-represented in prison populations ) . 
  should i go on ? 
   then i say it 's a divine punishment . 
  frankly , at that point i 'd say that i 'm done with europe . 
  yeah because eu was created to help migrants from 3rd world and not improve life for its citizens . 
  right ? 
   can you post any reliable sources to corrobrate this ? 
  in this way , the ec wants to defer the italian government from the idea of closing ports for ships with refugees and migrants . 
   italy is to receive additional $ 35 million from the european commission for the management of migration . 
  in this way , the ec wants to defer the italian government from the idea of closing ports for ships with refugees and migrants . 
  wtf ? 
  so eu is not so powerless anymore . 
  looks like they actively encourage illegal immigration . 
  unfuckingbelievable, 
  what kind of year ? 
  nautical year , london year , astronomical year ... ? 
  you could go a little further back and add to the list the first military incursion of modern russia ( i think ) . 
  would n't it be an empire if it asked . 
   genuine traditional [ random german region goes here ] as long as someone else does quality tests . 
  vw is also traditional . 
   where the migrant boats send out their sos calls it would be a shame if some european ships would suddleny make fake sos calls to fuck with ngo 's operations . 
   sovjet union could have been dissoluted better it certainly was n't perfect ( quite bad from economic pov ) . 
  but in its defense this dissolution has one great quality : no wars . 
   it 's not like the ussr was on it 's own there . 
  yeah and romania 's fear of being invaded by ussr because it did n't participate in that invasion was just in its imagination right ? 
  so does this mean that hungary will take some refugees from turkey to ease pressure there ? 
  unfortunately for orban [ trump 's heart is taken ] ( https://pics.me.me/i-wish-one-day-someone-will-look-at-me-the-22520613.png ), 
   at its worst,
