  if you 're not there waiting for them in the first place fewer will even try . 
  during winter conditions are much harsher and yet you do n't see a tenfold increase in casualties . 
  maybe because humans use common sense , assesses the risk and do n't even try ? 
  and also again , for nth time , i did n't say to not save them . 
  their goal is not to be saved , that 's just a step , their goal is europe . 
  if all who try and up saved and then on african shore instead of europe , all 100 % , none makes it to europe whatsoever eventually they 'll stop trying . 
  most of them anyway . 
   the statistics report only on those whose bodies were found . 
  the mediterranean sea is a big place . 
  there are lots of improvised boats that never made it . 
  bro , if we would have 500k dead we would have our shores full with dead bodies . 
  you would n't see so many parent with their children on the sea if chances would be 50/50 . 
   it 's not the ngos who traffic them . 
  yes they do . 
  in collusion with smugglers that provides the boats . 
   do you claim that ngos put them in those boats ? 
  their buddies on shore do that , and then tell them were to be to pick them . 
   you are spreading misinformation and hate fueled propaganda . 
  right . 
  because i have a brain and see whats going on . 
  and because you constantly say that what i 'm saying is let them drown . 
  you hear only what you want to hear , put word in my mouth , make a nice straw man , and then ofcourse you have the argument to tell me that i spread hate . 
  gtfo . 
   if you stop those that try to help the immigrants from drowning but this is not the only thing that they do . 
  they go there and wait for them . 
  and after they are saved they do n't go on a nearest port , on afrikan coast , you know ... where saved people came from . 
  stop saying that i 'm against saving them . 
  i 'm against the combination of all their actions taken together . 
  wait for them , save , bring them in europe . 
   you need to be a special kind of asshole to try to stop medics from doing their job . 
  is it their job to scour the sea for people drowning ? 
  i though that 's coast guard responsability . 
  is it medecins sans frontieres responsability to bring them in europe instead of leaving them on african shore after they save them . 
   cities like stuttgart have over 40 % of their population with migrant descent . 
  should we deport them as well ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  you said to stop the root cause , i showed what is the root cause ( and how hard is to fix it ) and then you come with this unrelated example . 
  and btw , forgot to say it , is not our responsability to fix their problems in the first place . 
  we did n't cause them . 
   there 's nothing stopping you from deporting them after they are rescued from drowning yeah , actually there are a few things . 
  logistics , willingness of other countries to cooperate , and all that after you even know where each person `` who lost his id '' should be deported . 
  that is if you even can keep track of them , cause right now they are not kept in closed camps , they can and most do roam free in schengen . 
   how is saving people from drowning an incentive for smuggling immigrants ? 
  are you serious ? 
  lower/higher risk is a big factor when a decision to navigate the sea is taken . 
  saving people lowers the risk therefore higher incentive . 
   you should try taking the trip yourself and see what chances of surviving you have without these ngos quite high based on statistics . 
  hundreds of thousands ( maybe  1mil total in last years ) vs thousands drowned . 
  do the math . 
   it only shows your hatred towards ** illegal ** immigrants . 
  and just because i do n't want them here does n't mean that i hate them . 
  i do n't want the whole 1bilion indians or chinese to move in europe also . 
  does n't mean that i hate them . 
  what i hate is these ngos who traffic people from the height of their high white horse . 
   i think the russians said last year they said that a while ago also . 
  problem is russian word does n't mean anything , you would have to be an imbecile to believe a word coming from their mouth . 
   our policy is to prevent our services being used by companies whose activities promote hatred , violence or racial intolerance . 
  because being against illegal immigration and human trafficking ( which is what 's happening , and the purpose of that fundraising was to prevent that ) means hatred , violence and racial intolerance . 
  right ? 
  you are right the state was n't implicated in this though . 
  at least not publicly . 
   you are spreading misinformation . 
  about state implication in this ? 
  yes . 
  for the rest of what i said i hold my ground . 
   the ngos are n't the ones putting the immigrants on boats no . 
  they travel many hundreds of miles up to 12 miles from lybian shore ( maybe even closer after they get an sos ) , they pick up people who are about to drown ( this not being an accident but a planed phase of their jurney ) and then instead of leaving them in closest port they travel all the way back in italy . 
  if this is not human trafficking ... . 
  you 're making it sound like this ships were just minding their businsess and then suddenly they stumble on people nedding help . 
  their whole mission purpose is to go and pick these people to transport them in italy . 
  they reached the level where they actually race lybian coastguard to reach first the sosing boat . 
   instead of tackling the problem at its source cause is a piece of fucking cake to educate and raise out of poverty hundreds millions of afrikans . 
  these are the reasons which most of them are there , not wars . 
   people go after the organizations that save lives and bring them to europe to stay illegally here . 
  this is a major part of what 's happening there , not something that you simply can ignore like you just did . 
   instead of fighting the human traffickers , `` defend europe '' goes after humanitarian ngos . 
  humanitarian ngos became human traffickers at this point . 
  this is what they do . 
  wake the fuck up . 
   that 's stupid and dangerous because it does n't solve the problem and it endangers people 's lives . 
  stupid is to give people incentives to try this trip . 
  removing these incentives it the right thing to do . 
  if people would know they have 99 % chance to drown trying this trip almost all of them would stop trying and we would n't be in this mess in the first place . 
   spite financial institutions shutting down many methods of donation the moment when state does n't protect borders and shuts down or impedes whoever tries to do so while at the same time does n't do anything to organizations who essentially transformed into human traffickers and breaks the law constantly . 
  wonders of the world we live in . 
  was n't supposed to be gay 's fault ? 
   yeah , like that 's an option with the current government . 
  did n't 1 million ukrainians immigrated in poland in last 2-3 years ? 
  could n't your host buy 2 beers ? 
  if you want comparison do it with croatia . 
  usually they are not far ahead . 
  romania : data missing or not presented due to small sample sizes, 
  not sure which joke made you post this here : 1 ) australia participates in eurovision therefore they are in europe . 
  2 ) australia is mini germany . 
  that since you do n't have an actual constitution is pretty much of for interpretation . 
  that parlament is actually bypassed and parlament can not even make a legislation that contradicts eu 's legislation, 
   uk constitution `` the united kingdom does not have one specific constitutional document named as such . 
  instead , the so called constitution of the united kingdom is a sum of laws and principles that make up the body politic of the uk . 
  this is sometimes referred to as an `` unwritten '' or uncodified constitution . '', 
   a process has been sent up that results in parliament giving it 's tacit approval to direct effect so as to appear as if it has been bypassed `` under european law , as developed by the ecj , the ec treaty created a `` new legal order '' under which the validity of european union law can not be impeded by national law ; though the uk , like a number of other eu members , does not share the ecj 's monist interpretation unconditionally , it accepts the supremacy of eu law in practice .
