  what would you do with a message like `` we should kill all the [ insert minority ] '' ? 
  not exactly . 
  some parts were omitted ( heat of the moment , that shithead was also talking fast and a lot making it harder to keep up ) and some of the worse parts were made more vague and slightly better . 
  i think she was just embarrassed to say some things . 
  but the overall message was not affected imo . 
  besides , it was english , some younger workers there most likely understood even without translator . 
  actually they already tarnished our reputation in 90s in poland . 
  some poles use `` romanian '' as an insult and think that romania is full of gypsies . 
  only lately this started to change but is a slow process . 
  and you also have sizable money transfers between states . 
  eu funds are peanuts compared to that . 
  at that distance they did n't even needed boats , they could just swim, 
  i take it you heard about friedman 's predictions as well . 
  until now reality did n't contradict him afaik . 
  you mean just like russia does with moldova , belarus and other weaker countries ? 
  if only usa would do to russia what russia did to other countries . 
  this is what you deserve for all the suffering that you caused to others . 
  oh please . 
  in order to understand them and know when to use them you would need to know about functions and limits ( derivatives would be useful too ) . 
  is not that easy , unless you 're teaching geniuses you would only end up confusing any pre-highschool kids with this . 
  5th grade ( 11-12 years old ) ? 
  really ? 
  we do this shit much later, 
  out with the traitors . 
  there is also another reason to not refuse bribe . 
  if you do n't take the money the patient ( or his family ) might think that you do n't take it because there is nothing that can be done medically , ca n't cure the patient . 
  i know , is weird but kinda makes sense at the same time . 
  sure and then you wonder why ee trust usa more than germany when it comes to security . 
  here we are ( countries from ee ) trying to say how we are against ns2 , how it will affect ukraine and we should n't do it ... and then comes this guy and say this ? 
  fml, 
  redditor for 7 hours nope , not suspicious to be a russian troll . 
   when can we read about mogherini being under fire for making emberassing selfies with iranian mps ? 
  you want to make her cry again ? 
  did they blame romania yet ? 
  you scale back relations with russia first if you want solidarity, 
  i asked because in romania is 33 for senators, 
  is n't she too young ( 27 ) to be a senator ? 
   polen and russia after hell freezes, 
  then we deserve to be nuked, 
  i say poland has better chances of fucking up . 
  pis has the president too , significant difference imo . 
  * but i thought that you want to be better than them *, 
   turkey [ ... ] will move to stamp out any anti-china reports in its media , turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu said ...  we will take measures to eliminate any media reports targeting china so basically turkey just admitted officially that press is not free ( not that we would n't know ) . 
  not that we do n't have many other reasons but this alone should be enough to stop all that pretending with turkey trying to get in eu . 
  or what ? 
  un can go fuck itself, 
  they just want to remove old communist judges and increase meritocracy and efficiency in the system . 
  right guys ? 
  waiting for pis fans to defend this move ... 
  it helps in combination with freedom of movement, 
  if he [ slaps ] ( https://youtu.be/ko995a81uiu?t=9s ) you it means he loves you, 
   ~ ~ toxic ~ ~ misslabeled horsemeat ftfy and suddenly choice is easy . 
  good guy fraudster , taking care of our health ... ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   the distribution of refugees among eu countries is and always has been part of the dublin regulations . 
  source ? 
  ( for mandatory distribution ) all i found was :  in july 2017 , the european court of justice upheld the dublin regulation declaring it still stands despite the high influx of 2015 , giving eu member states the right to deport migrants to the first country of entry to the eu . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) plus a few other paragraphs there that allow distribution but in no way force it on states against their will . 
  they can adapt . 
  but at least we stop giving money to russia and sa . 
  but you sell them shitload of weapons, 
  `` labor reform shakeup '' in 1 month ? 
  is it that simple ? 
  why postponed that much if its something that easy that can be done in 1 month ? 
  should people start hiding their cars ? 
   dublin regulations you mean regulations that stipulate that first eu country refugee sets foot is responsible for him ? 
  i can see why a country that agreed to that would bitch about `` refugees quota '' . 
  cuza would have been a better choice than stephen imo, 
  i seriosuly do n't understand why this idiot has this position in russian state . 
  imo he is a disgrace for russian diplomacy . 
  you mean you want to `` optimize '' just like multinationals do ? 
  shame on you !, 
  would you like to expand on why you think your quote answers my question ? 
   unsubstantiated because of lack of research or because research was done and reached a different conclusion ? 
  thats exactly the trick . 
  lack of infrastructure . 
  the airplane does n't land there and we make it as hard as possible for you to travel from airport to that place . 
  must be those damn poles or romanians . 
  you know very well that language is the least of their problems . 
  this is what bothered you ? 
  what about this :  ukraine and ee are very similar culturally ukraine is part of ee , so they are part of ee culture not similar with ee . 
  is n't that working visa valid only in poland ? 
  and is also more honest . 
  everyone knows what the deal is , no virtue signaling and all that hypocrisy . 
  if is like in romania some of them come from rural area , its their and their parents ' life . 
  also it is an investment . 
  for their parents if they live there or retire there since life is cheaper , simpler and can be fulfilling . 
  and maybe for them also for 2-3 decades from now . 
  christmas ? 
  haram, 
  but muh terrorist rights, 
  is not like people are n't asked if they are terrorists in airport or official papers . 
  move your car in the shadow of a building , under a tree ... or a buy a really big fridge, 
  bocitoare in romania . 
  and they exists , mostly in rural areas . 
   also allowing self defense weapons might cause more harm than good . 
  if you get into heated arguemnt ... actually if 2 idiots argue in the street is better if one of them gets his pepper spray and use it on the other . 
  or even better threatens to use it and that can lead to deescalation . 
  a punch can be more dangerous , people died on the streets from receiving one punch and hitting their head on the pavement while falling . 
  i hear you man . 
  but police can not do that for everyone who clears a bar at 2-3 am .
