  the only sovereign right regarding trade the germany still has is the ability to become full sovereign again . 
  what uk is doing now . 
  why do you think we fought them so hard ? 
  or you can declare war . 
  afaik this is also within international law . 
  awful carpet, 
  there is a huge difference between weapons market and solar panels , batteries and other renewables . 
  things that are taken into consideration when the buyer decides where to buy from have nothing in common between these markets . 
  romania  hungary ? 
  that 's unexpected, 
  why ? 
  you can still have an industry for renewables just that it will be mostly for exports . 
  it will miss the support from internal market so it will start with a handicap but is not like it is banned . 
  should we tell him ? 
  but it is dangerous . 
  to your wallet / s, 
  you misunderstood me then . 
  it was n't a lecture . 
  it was a reasonable estimation of how things could go , the implications if ... , and how it might be perceived . 
  what makes you think that i do n't know ? 
  and what 's your point ? 
  is it illegal to use the same blinking to try to signal a real danger ? 
  the logic is that is better to have people not speeding/talking on the phone always out of fear of getting caught ( if not for doing the right thing ) than people doing this anytime they feel like it because they can get away with it by getting notified in advance if such a danger exists . 
  source ? 
   car from the opposite direction blinking its lights at you i always wondered if this is universal . 
  looks like it is . 
   romania is like ~ ~ 250 ~ ~ 320 euros while it 's ~ ~ 400 ~ ~ 450 in turkey all this while france , belgium , germany ... are at 1400 + . 
  and even this comparison is useless for people who currently do n't have a job , unemployment in turkey is above 12 % ( and probably much higher for youth ) . 
  and like you said turkey `` provides '' noneconomic reasons to emigrate also . 
  not only for kurds , i would imagine secularists do n't feel very good these days also . 
  for many reasons , erdogan being the latest , this scenario is ofcourse hypothetical . 
  but i 'm reasonable sure that turkey would loose at least 10 mil people in next 5 years if tomorrow would be accepted in eu . 
  turkey today is romania today . 
  20 % of romania emigrated in last 10 years . 
  me european ? 
  how would you know without an id ? 
  so , can i get that apartment ? 
  or is it reserved only for ungrateful people ? 
  turks already migrated to germany in the past ( invited ) without a problem . 
  more recently poles did it . 
  romanians , bulgarians did it also . 
  what makes you think that turks wo n't do it in similar proportions ? 
  living standards in romania and turkey are similar ( on average ) . 
  asking eu to choose between 3 mil muslim `` refugees '' and pay a few billion euros + a few small things is one thing . 
  asking eu to choose between 3 mil muslim `` refugees '' and much more than 3 million turks ( out of 80 mil ) , also obviously muslims that will imigrate in western europe is a different thing . 
  that 's the joke, 
  no matter how much you suck you can not become the black sheep of the family . 
   he emigrated to austria [ ... ] austria was annexed , ...  he then emigrated to czechoslovakia . 
  when it was also annexed ... 
  he should have emigrated to moscow after that . 
  lets do it . 
  as long as in the list of countries under russian boot is germany also and you in it ... 
   foreign policy outlooks which is why they form things like the v4 bad example . 
  v4 was formed for what they have in common related to eu ( which is not full `` foreign policy '' anymore ) . 
  on the other hand when it comes to their view in relation to russia ( which is indeed foreign policy ) hungary and poland have little to none in common . 
   criterion 2 : there must be evidence of an intention to coerce , intimidate , or convey some other message to a larger audience ( or audiences ) than the immediate victims . 
  a random gas station with unknown perpetrators . 
  i see no reason why 2nd criteria is true . 
  without any additional evidence i do n't see why this incident is not caused by simply economic/financial reasons related to that particular location . 
  i wonder how many are like [ this ] ( https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/incidentsummary.aspx?gtdid=200804030012 ) . 
  imo this is not a terrorist attack . 
  what if you run a website that shows best places where you can buy drugs ? 
  ( this would be the correct analogy of a torrent tracker ), 
  the good thing for you is that you do n't have anything to lose ( territorywise ) . 
  taking land from hungary means taking hungarians as well . 
  no thanks , we have enough headache with the hungarians that we have now . 
  on a second thought will just ban gulas and k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs in hungary if you loose , so do n't play with fire . 
  look at the bright side . 
  less money for funding mosques , ideology push ( in europe and everywhere ) . 
  now if could just stop buying that oil ... 
   my position here has always been , no state money to build churches , i share the same opinion on mosques . 
  same position . 
  also about taxes and paying part of priest 's / imam 's ... salary . 
  ( btw fuckers in parliament just introduced new tax exempts for religious purposes ) . 
  but if we have to choose between romania funding the mosque or turkey doing so ... , i choose romania ( lesser evil ), 
  soviets took moldova through a 72 hours ultimatum . 
  hitler needed our oil , he would have come for it anyway . 
  hungary wanted a piece of us . 
  so ... no , it was n't an option . 
  we did n't have that luxury . 
  i would like romania to fund that mosque , not turkey . 
  and it would be better if it was placed in constanta , that is true . 
  otoh you kinda need a mosque in bucharest also , just a smaller one . 
  that is if we do n't take literally that `` no mosque north of danube thing '', 
   turkish mosques are by far the best in the entirety of europe . 
  not comparable in numbers but our mosques ( turkish-tatar minority ) are also in europe . 
  and i do n't think there is anything to complain about them . 
   could start having conversations with other people but can you ? 
  in `` natural '' environment ? 
  or you 're counting `` artificial '' environment for that language as conversation also ? 
   according to the dublin agreements . 
  if this would be of any practical value they would n't be in germany in the first place . 
  that mandate is more of a bs that this rape accusation, 
  and the prosecutor `` investigating '' this for so many years without producing evidence and despite the allegedly `` victims 's '' testimony that crime did n't happen is what ? 
  pinnacle of justice ? 
   permafrost melts afaik permafrost literally translates as `` permanently frozen '' . 
  maybe they designed this facility on an entirely false premise . 
  does n't fraud implies intent ? 
  military should care about practicality of a choice , not how it looks from political pov . 
  i wonder how is this porn censorhip seen in scotland .
