  [ 34 ] :344 because , in the uk , international law is treated as a separate body of law , eu law is enforceable only on the basis of an act of parliament , such as the european communities act 1972 , which provides for the supremacy of eu law . 
  [ 35 ] [ 34 ] :344 the supremacy of eu law was confirmed by the house of lords in the factortame litigation , in which part of the merchant shipping act 1988 was `` disapplied '' because it conflicted with eu law . '', 
  `` following the accession of the uk to european economic community ( now the european union ) in 1972 , the uk became bound by european law and more importantly , the principle of the supremacy of european union law . 
  according to this principle , which was outlined by the european court of justice in 1964 in the case of costa v. enel , laws of member states that conflict with eu laws must be disapplied by member states ' courts . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
   also stop giving charity we should stop feeding them . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with building schools . 
  because they are a broken clock , being right 2 out of 86,400 seconds per day . 
   i never made `` them '' look like saints . 
  not directly  they probably also found it disrespectful how they were treated during the last 60 years . 
   then blame your school system . 
  for you not making the difference between `` speaking h '' and `` not speaking r '' ? 
   no , you just started to make arguments that lack any logic and reason asking from 5 % of the country to learn language of the rest ( at a minimal level ) is not ilogical  you said that you `` find it direspectful towards the country '' that they do n't speak romanian ~ ~ but just hungarian , ~ ~ no but . 
  i do n't care that they speak hungarian . 
  my point is that they should know some romanian . 
   just went through a period where they have been discriminated because of their language . 
   after a long period of discrimination by the romanian state looks like you 're really buying into the narative that hungarian leaders are selling everywhere . 
  you can go further if you want . 
  some of them actually compared hungarian situation with kosovo . 
  yeah they did it . 
  go ahead use it if you want . 
  recent discrimination ? 
  ffs . 
  you clearly do n't know shit about this situation . 
  did you know that in rural areas schools were reduced because of lack children and some romanian kids had to travel many km by foot ? 
  not hungarians though . 
  because a special law allowed classes with smaller number of children for minorities . 
  yeah discrimination . 
  positive discrimination . 
  you want to see discrimination ? 
  i can send you a few articles from local press ( in ro unfortunately ) . 
  romanian kids kicked out of schools to leave only hungarians . 
  or segregation in different classes ( you must be nuts if you think long term this wo n't create more problems )  is `` disrespectful '' towards the country ? 
  really man ? 
  yes , really  hungarian and romanian speaking people are living close to each other , both sides should show some respect and learn the language of the others . 
  makes a lot things easier and allows for a much more harmonic society . 
  true . 
  but hungarians want segregation  what the fuck is that argument again ? 
  the argument that refutes what you keep insisting on : `` hungarians are discriminated ''  i know what happened to the german speaking population in siebenb\u00fcrgen and in the banat , which says enough about how this regime treated minorities . 
  then you also know that it was n't against minorities ( germans are seen well in romania ) . 
  it was a way to make some quick and easy money for that fucker ( ceausescu ) . 
  he would have sold romanians also if someone would have bought them . 
  cynical as i may sound now , i think the germans that were sold got a good ( ish ) deal . 
  they went for a better life . 
  the rest ( romanians , hungarians , gypsies ... ) got the short end of the stick . 
  ofcourse this does n't excuse what government of that time did , i 'm just saying that it was about money not ethnic cleansing . 
  as a final note : in those areas where hungarians are majority they control local authorities and actually discriminate against romanians . 
  they were in government a lot also . 
  and yet hungarians complain and say that is kosovo out there . 
  the ask for autonomy on ethnic criteria , protectorate and insist on segregation . 
  but as usually westerners know better and romanians are always guily . 
  just like it happened with gypsies . 
  that we do n't want to integrate them ( when they are actually positive discriminated , schools , reserved places in college , ngos ) and they do n't even want to go to school . 
  and when france had a chance to show us how is done , they just deported them . 
  yes , deported . 
  they put them in airplanes , destination bucharest . 
  i 'm sick of all of you bashing my country without even coming here before and see the situation with your eyes , not automatically believe what some good for nothing politicians say . 
  i mean ffs we elected a president from ethnic and religious minority . 
  and yet some people say that we are nationalists . 
   no , but that 's not relevant ? 
  do you want to `` punish them '' now by forbidding them to speak in their motor tongue ? 
  you brought up the 60 years out of the blue and tried to make them look like saints . 
   you started this whole conversation with expressing annoyance that some people born and raised in romania ~ ~ speak hungarian ~ ~ do n't know/speak romanian , ftfy if i have to specify this one more time after i already did it 3 or 4 times already ...  so ? 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  you brought it up `` how they were treated during the last 60 years ''  that 's not unusual . 
  it would be in a system `` how they were treated during the last ~ ~ 60 ~ ~ 27 years '' ( not counting before since it was n't a democracy )  but if there are not in my case . 
  ofcourse is always good to know another language . 
  how come gypsies speak romani and romanian ( despite the name similarity they are not similar at all ) . 
  and considering how much they go to school ... it proves that learning the language spoken natively by ~ 90 % of the people is not about school system . 
   if you live together you should know each others languages . 
  it would be nice . 
  but everywhere on earth minority learns the language of majority not the oposite . 
  romanians living in those regions speak hungarian ( i would n't say all , but many ) . 
  and do n't get me started on how romanians living there are actually discriminated by hungarians ( not all ofcourse ) . 
  and every time they get the chance they segregate even children in classrooms . 
  thats the general hungarian attitude . 
  they do n't want to live together with romanians . 
  they want a minihugary there . 
   maybe they are also refusing it because after all the years under the regime , where hungarian was n't officially allowed i just gave you the argument with what a totalitarian state could have done . 
  it did n't happen . 
  yes , hungarian was not officially used in state documents ( i think , not 100 % sure ) , but it was n't actively persecuted , people going to jail or something like that to make you feel like a hero that you still speak hungarian after communism fell . 
  and risk that erdogan restarts the balkan route right before elections ? 
  if you want to go down this path why stop there ? 
  do you think that romanians find respectful how they were treated when transylvania was ruled by hungarians ? 
  during communism everyone had it bad . 
  you know that a totalitarian system like we had , with almost half a century at its disposal , could have cleansed that region of hungarians if it wanted . 
  as for posy ' 89 . 
  they have their own party . 
  few years back the running joke regarding elections was that we do them to decide who will govern in coalition with udmr ( hungarian party ) . 
  probably is the party with most years being in government . 
  it certanly was a few years back . 
  all the other recognized ethic minorities have at least one resprentant in the parliament each ( sometimes such representative having 10 times less votes than regular romanian mp ) . 
  they are 17 total iirc . 
  their share in parliament is higher than population they represent . 
  does this sound that bad to you ? 
   it 's maybe also time to question your school system oh you have no idea . 
  i hate romanian school system with all my guts . 
  is outdated , inefficient , corrupt ... and effects are much worse than just some hungarians not knowing romanian . 
  and yet others know , its mostly a matter of will . 
  and is not like they would gladly learn romanian but they cant .
