  ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ take ^ ^ me ^ ^ too ^ ^ seriously, 
  both iohannis and macron won handshake semifinal , it 's time to see who is the champion . 
  merkel was brutally excluded from this comp . 
  using romania 's flag wo n't make us recognize kosovo . 
   they can also be seen as saboteurs , even more so because they actually got in . 
  agree . 
  1 more thing that i wanted to write and i forgot ( sorry about that ) is about nato . 
  witch ( arguably ) has more influence in regards with prorussian attitude . 
  bulgaria entered nato in 2004 ( sure , you could say that they could be saboteurs there also ) , making russia loose one of its main blackmail weapon : you are with us and we wo n't attack you , otherwise you never know ... serbia is total opposite regarding that ( not in nato , bad experience with nato )  okay , but how is serbia exactly prorussian ? 
  serbia refusal to impose sanctions on russia ( after russia did something similar with what happen to serbia regarding kosovo ) . 
  they did n't recognized crimea being russia 's since that would kinda imply recognizing kosovo , but they did n't impose sanctions either . 
  [ serbian president pledges loyalty to russia ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/serbian-president-pledges-loyalty-to-russia ) 3 . 
  buying russian weapons . 
  ( i already know your argument , price + recently turkey does it too ) 4 . 
  reaction of some serbian mps regarding an eu leader : http://www.euronews.com/2017/03/03/eu-s-mogherini-booed-by-pro-russian-serbian-mps sure you could probably explain any incident or decision taken , but when they are taken together ... about neutrality : in this part of the world is a luxury , one that serbia or moldova can not afford imo . 
  i do n't blame serbians being antinato after ' 99 , i actually understand them . 
  but it is what it is ... imo russia does n't have that much to offer ( just compare post '89 poland vs ukraine ( before maidan ) ) , it would be more beneficial for serbians if they would care more for the future than the past . 
  it is a waste of resources at best . 
  what i 'm saying is that by the time a prorussian position became a problem ( after georgia war ) bulgaria was already in the eu , not much could be done about that at that point . 
  serbia not being in the eu and being prorussian while trying to get in the eu is different , we can image that once is in the eu they could become even more prorussian since eu loses it `` blackmail '' advantage . 
  and frankly hungary now is worse than bulgaria back then imo ( regarding russia ) . 
  bulgaria dropped plans for nuclear powerplant constructed with russia , dropped southsteam while germany works on northstream2 and hungary plans to construct a nuclear powerplant with russia . 
  2008 iirc bulgaria joined 2007 after many years of talk before that . 
   how would serbia be a saboteur if bulgaria was n't tbf russia was n't so aggressive back then , a ( half ) pro russian stance back then was different than the same stance would be considered today after all the shit russia did in the meantime . 
  is n't competition a good thing for citizens ? 
  what ? 
  bro do you even speak sarcasm ? 
  do you actually think that all those likes on that comment are there because people actually want to see poland split ? 
  and if this is an attack what about the comment before ? 
  what do you think it actually means not needing your flag ? 
  ( bar the obvious sarcasm i mean ) . 
  seriously though , stop being so tense and enjoy life more . 
  i understand your point . 
  however . 
  was n't that your farmers voted mostly `` yes '' and now they realized that their subsidies are in danger ? 
  was n't that some of the people voted believing that `` yes '' would stop all immigration ( not just eu ) ? 
  and do n't get me started on the quality of the british press . 
  papers that are actually bought . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  critical thinking . 
  understanding as much and as many as possible consequences of your vote . 
  what if 10 % of the people who voted `` yes '' for example missed an important consequence for them , or thought some things that were wrong , something that might change their mind and maybe this more informed vote would have led to a different result for that referendum ? 
  and i do n't have a problem with people who know what they vote , even if they vote different than me . 
  i do however have a problem with people that do n't know what they vote for . 
  and i 'm not saying this to bash your country . 
  here in romania is even worse , people vote in presidential elections ( for example ) not knowing even the most important powers that president has ( or does n't have ) . 
  some think that he decides salaries , pensions , builds highways ... . 
  makes me sick that their vote is equal to someone who understands all these minimal things . 
  [ they could n't ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6fsp56/european_seismic_hazard_map/ ) even if they tried, 
  how about better education . 
  so the regular citizen understands better his surroundings , how economy works , how the eu is setup ... , so that in the end he is more informed when he votes . 
  or would that be to dangerous for the government , sheeples being preferred ? 
  because here the diff is ~ 1-2 euros http://www.rcs-rds.ro/internet-digi-net/fiberlink?t=internet-fix&amp;pachet=digi_net_fiberlink_1000, 
  we can also have an auction between moldova , chad and andorra . 
  i do n't enjoy seeing 2 man kissing in the street . 
  but i 'm not a fan of seeing a heterosexual couple kissing also . 
  i just do n't like pda that much . 
  2 mans holding hands is weird , but maybe because we are not used to it . 
  2 lesbians holding hands would n't even be noticed . 
  normal is kinda of broad term . 
  homosexual behavior happens in nature also . 
  i hate homosexual parades . 
  and i think it makes more damage than good to their cause . 
  i do n't see why for kids would be more disguising to see 2 gays kissing than a heterosexual couple . 
  they would just be curios and ask . 
  is you who would feel disgust while trying to explain to them while using an explanation suitable to their age . 
  but again , i do n't see the difference between hetero and homo in this explanation . 
  and yet i 'm not against ( and no , i 'm not gay also ) . 
  you know why ? 
  because it does n't hurt me if 2 people of same sex want to share their lives . 
  i do n't have anything to lose . 
   i am against homosexual marriage . 
  why ? 
  if there would be an antieu sentiment in romania we would have antieu parties , voted and in parliament . 
  we do n't have , so yeah the majority says that it wants the eu , go cry in the corner now . 
  so that 's why you copied indonesia 's . 
  backup plan , just in case you get partitioned again salvage what you can . 
  i 'm talking about about removing incentives and even add some deterrence . 
  that is a form of protection in itself . 
  besides how else are you gon na protect borders ? 
  open fire on land borders ? 
  let them drown ? 
  what i 'm suggesting is something that is actually applied by countries but on a smaller scale . 
  we have closed centers for asylum seekers . 
  they can not leave them until they are allowed to . 
  also what human right would we break ? 
  we do n't kill them , we provide for them some minimum things , we just do n't let them in general population . 
  storming in any country they want and roam free is not a human right . 
  otherwise whole visa thing would be a breach of human rights . 
  just to be clear i 'm talking about asylum seekers and who are denied asylum request . 
  the ones who are accepted can be granted gradually other rights ( free but stay in the country , work , ... etc ) . 
  and they will also be allowed to leave such closed camps anytime they want , just not in the country hosting them . 
  they could go anytime in their home country or somewhere else where they are accepted . 
  if they are truly refugees ( and they did n't put lies in their application ) this conditions would be temporary for them . 
  ( we can also have different camps for asylum seekers and rejected ) . 
  and if they are not refugees then will not be granted asylum , they will stay in the camp until they decide that their poor-but-not-in-war-country is better than conditions in such closed camp . 
  that would be the difference between camp and prison . 
   so much wealth in resources [ that 's precisely the problem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ), 
  just because you save them does n't mean that you have to let them roam free after that . 
  closed camps , food that keeps you alive but you do n't enjoy eating , minimum healthcare , wasting you life there until you volunteer to return in your country .
