  like it or not is a matter of logistics also . 
  actively prevent people from deemed safe countries but who do not cooperate for deportations to reach our soil . 
  if we do n't we 're stuck with them even if they do n't have the right to be here . 
  this is an abuse and i want to see it eliminated . 
  start all kinds of institutional and diplomatic processes to change some international laws and agreements . 
  is clear that they are abused . 
  put some limits . 
  add more conditions . 
  something that fixes a problem . 
   why would they drop it ? 
  because it does n't work . 
  what 's the point to persist in mistake ? 
  same question could be asked for eu . 
  why do they insist so much on this useless quota system ? 
   whats the problem then ? 
  that this quota system is not a solution at all, 
   of course , they are free to leave , and most of them do , making this quota system almost useless, 
  i like how you think . 
  but lets remember that there is no border check between baltics and germoney . 
  baltics accepted them . 
  wan na guess w ** h ** ere are now the refugees they received ? 
  edit : typo, 
  will see about that / s in a decade or two, 
  october 23 , 2014, 
  i was wondering when godwin 's law will be confirmed, 
  i theory you 're right . 
  but can you honestly say that this thing is n't abused on a massive scale with the way things are going ? 
  in practice there are 3 problems with what you said . 
  most of them do n't qualify . 
  because they do n't come from a country with war . 
  being from a poor country is not a valid reason . 
  when they are rescued we could apply a quick filter . 
  you 're from country a , will bring you in europe to see further if you are eligible , you 're from country b , which is just poor , hop on coastguard ship and go back . 
  if this would happen most of the people will see that there is no way to reach europe in the first place and the ones which know that are not eligible would eventually stop trying making fewer people putting themselves are risk on the sea , only the ones who have a chance would even try . 
  they do n't ask for asylum once they reach europe . 
  because they do n't want in italy , they want in germany and sweden . 
  since when having your country in war grants you the right to pick any country on earth , passing through perfectly safe countries which just happens to not be good enough for you ? 
  what if in the end you 're not eligible ? 
  deportation , right ? 
  problem is that country of origin does n't cooperate so europe ends up with illegal immigrants on its soil and not much that it can do about it . 
  if we just take everyone who tries , no way to send them back we could end up with half of africa in europe . 
  does this sound ok to you ? 
   the only way would be to have a real democracy i 'm not counting on that when it comes to russian society  they ca n't be forced imo not now . 
  maybe in the future . 
  maybe in 2-3 decades when oil and gas will be almost worthless , when part of their infrastructure is collapsed already , when they have demografic problems , very unhappy citizens , big riots ... one can only hope . 
   they 'll never gon na leave that land not if is their choice . 
  will see how long can russia keep this until they will be forced to leave . 
   independent says who ? 
  not even your country says that, 
   you mean like hos lifeguards `` wait '' for people to drown on beaches in order to save them ? 
  you mean people saved by lifeguards also went there with the intention to be saved 100 % ? 
  i was under the impression that they go there to have fun and drowning ( or being saved by lifeguard ) is as a result of an accident . 
  unlike , ... you know ... this illegal immigrants and ngos saving them always because this is in their plan and not an accident . 
   that 's because they are not allowed to did they even try ? 
  and also if they cant bring them in their nearest port why do they race coastguard ? 
   if someone saves you at sea and you need medical care , would you rather they take you to africa or europe ? 
  please . 
  most of them did n't need any medical care after the initial check . 
  and since when should this be their choice ? 
  if i have a car accident can i also ask for a transfer in usa ( where i do n't have a visa although i would need one to put foot on their soil ) instead of local hospital in romania ? 
   there 's also the territorial waters issue . 
  you ca n't just enter foreign territorial waters without permission . 
  they did n't ask for permission . 
  because their purpose is to smuggle people in europe . 
   they are volunteers . 
  they are working with and helping the coast guard . 
  so why do they race the coastguard ? 
  and why do n't they give the people to the coastguard after they save them instead of bringing them into europe . 
   the point is that immigrants and refugees are not bad people as you claim . 
  stuttgart is a living example of how they integrate into society . 
  and here you finally show your true agenda . 
  that is not about saving them , you want them here , to leave here . 
  finally you got off you `` the need to be saved from drowning '' horse . 
  all kinds of statistics show that criminality is higher among these illegal immigrants . 
  they are not real refugees , they come from poor , not from war torn regions . 
  and yet you want them here . 
  how many you want ? 
  all of them almost 1 billion . 
  or all them almost 4 billion in 2050 . 
  at a european population of 500mils . 
  and some of them are bad people . 
  more than in other cultures , percentage wise . 
  not to mention that they start very well , by lying . 
  the ask for our help and they lie in their applications . 
  that they are minors ( at 20 + years ) , they there is war ( most of the time bs ) , that they are syrians and lost their ids ...  you see a person drowning . 
  do you help , or do you look away saying that it 's not your responsibility ? 
  i was referring to your `` tackling the problem at its source '' when i said that is not our fault . 
  but i will answer our question anyway i do n't go to the lake and stay there until someone is about to drown . 
  if it happens while i was passing by i will help . 
  does n't mean that i will invite that person to stay in my apartment and buy her food for the rest of my life . 
   and how is this different from what `` defend europe '' is doing ? 
  does n't that also involve logistics and cooperation ? 
  if after they save these people they leave them on african coast then the effect ( not being in europe ) is the same . 
  with lesser effort since you do n't bring them all the way up in europe and spend months and dozens of hours of state employees going through all the birocracy . 
   or do you plan to just drown them ? 
  not being there to save them does n't mean that you drowned them , that somehow is your fault . 
  if you are there , sure , save them , and then ask permission , enter lybian waters after you got permission and dump them to shore . 
  just because they are aboard your vessel does n't mean that autocratically you just became their taxi to europe  and not saving people means more dead people . 
  does it ? 
  for what period ?
