like ? 
  depends on the context . 
  we are rich enough ( as a country ) to afford vaccines . 
  not that is a hard achievement . 
  probably any non war torn country can afford vaccines . 
   might be better than your politicians at least we do n't have someone like this [ guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geert_wilders ), 
   they are actually doing it right  mentally deficient religious asshats . 
  pick one because some of these religious asshats are raised in their educational system . 
  arguably true ai is also a lifeform . 
  maybe you wanted to say biological lifeform . 
  iirc we just imported it in europe . 
  it originates from south korea . 
   or process them on our soil at the very least we should n't let them in the general population by default , only after they get the refugee status . 
  even closed camps on eu soil would be an improvement over the fiasco that we had . 
   it 's a huge bureaucratic burden i know . 
  all these eastern workers who participate in the economy and pay taxes . 
  why ca n't they just leave a bag of money at the entrance of tax office instead of asking for so much papers ? 
  i think that empowering women ( not that is anything wrong with that ) had a bigger effect than pension system . 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm sure that there are enough brits who will step in to do those jobs . 
  on a serious note , i 'm actually curious how this will play out for industries that require low skilled workers ( in the uk ) . 
   the glory and the freedom of ukraine has not ** yet ** died why so pessimistic ? 
  [ go to ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63ljzg/what_brexiters_want_after_brexit/dfv7s0d/ ), 
   this would include potentially-hidden assets if they are hidden then they are not included in sanctions . 
  or the other way around . 
  if they are included in sanctions and require compensation does n't this mean that they are already public ? 
  they can change their vote in next elections . 
  so if we will decide to sanction all russians will this mean that russian state will be left without money ? 
   we light up our buildings for that country like that as well . 
  even more impressive considering [ mh17 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17 ), 
  fun fact . 
  according to a jobbik member if romania would apply same law some hungarian universities would be closed . 
  [ source ] ( https://dailynewshungary.com/jobbik-says-higher-education-bill-serves-divert-attention/ ), 
  that guy is not an old person but a piece of shit that deserves to die in prison ( literally ) just like his victims . 
  i hope he will live long enough to do the entire punishment . 
  unfortunately he is too old to get beaten daily and survive . 
  how cold ? 
  we protested in february at -10 c, 
   so proud of their country and politics probably not . 
  but sometimes even by mistake we do 1 or 2 things the right way . 
  and we are damn proud when it happens . 
  so yeah , not everything is bad here , i 'm sure there are a few good things to be learned even from romania . 
  the color in the middle of the flag is yellow not white . 
  we would rather switch sides than surrender . 
  perfect symbol for failed multiculturalism . 
  only 41mb/s ? 
  fastest internet is over 100mb/s for less than 9eur . 
  romania also has 6 parliamentary parties ( + minorities group ), 
  why not ban financial transactions privacy and do all of them in the open since money are used to fund terrorism ? 
  but i guess politicians would n't want for regular people to see how they hide their money . 
  the truth ? 
  remember , this is an investigation . 
  we 'll have to wait the results to draw conclusions . 
  what 's the point of a brand if it does n't have consistency ( appart from small regional/national variations to better suit local tastes ) ? 
   if the same product is sold at different prices , of course those sold more cheaply can be of a lower quality . 
  they should be different brands then . 
   there is no hard evidence yet . 
  you need an investigation for that . 
  and this is what 's done now in ee . 
  will see what are the results . 
  i think you meant monetary policy, 
  i agree that we talked too much about this particular subject . 
  so this is my last post about romania 's admission in schengen in this thread . 
   unrelated topic disagree . 
  is the prefect example what other countries can experience later . 
  willing , able ( meeting requirements ) but not let in because `` reasons '' . 
  this is the biggest danger that could break eu apart and some countries ( some of them in the core of the eu ) proved that they are willing to have this behavior for internal ( political ) reasons . 
  i would argue that will all those exceptions that uk had you guys implemented a de facto multi-speed . 
  it was n't my intention to complain about romania 's case . 
  i was trying to make a point that pandora 's box is already opened about preventing countries to join a `` greater speed '' even though they are willing and able to join simply by will of political decision . 
  is not ( only ) silly , is worse , is a precedent . 
  they say that any country willing and able will be free to join whatever they have going on in their inner circle . 
  romania 's case with schengen proves that is not the case . 
  issues that are at best remotely connected to schengen and not described in conditions for admision . 
  meanwhile some schengen countries can not even secure their borders which i guess should be the most important condition ), 
  it was decided in the negotiations that romania will be part of schengen . 
  we spent 1 billion euros to secure borders , met all technical criteria and some countries still say no after they invented conditions not specified in the documents about schengen . 
  what makes you think that they will not do the same for any `` enhanced cooperation '' subject ? 
  they got one . 
  is called cyprus . 
   every eu member is free to join same with schengen ( actually schengen is mandatory for romania ) . 
  and still romania is not allowed to join even though it meets all the criteria specified in documents . 
  game without multiplayer ? 
  single player sucks . 
  and i thought romania has a problem with too much centralization . 
  apparently hungary is much worse . 
  nope . 
  belarus is mini russia, 
   might want to read how ussr worked russians dominated political life in moscow . 
  when romanians from basarabia were deported in siberia russian were placed instead . 
  same in the baltics . 
  is called ethnic cleansing and russian conquest . 
   well . 
  russian empire lost the war and ceased to exist . 
  ussr was never considered a legal successor of russian empire . 
  really ? 
  is this your logic for not returning what belongs to romanian people . 
  thanks for proving that regular russian has a thief mentality . 
  also if russia in not responsible than why it agreed to create a commission to study the details of the treasure transfer . 
   seriously ?
