  they take pride in refusing to do it . 
  not before elections, 
  again . 
  i do n't have a problem that they speak hungarian . 
  i have a problem that some of them do n't know romanian at all , not even on a minimal level . 
  i find that disrespectful towards the country . 
  mostly yes . 
  although there are exceptions and sometimes even a young one does n't know . 
  and some that know romanian refuse to speak it . 
  they act like if you go there you should know hungarian if you want to interact with them . 
  in romania . 
   or just teach romanian in schools we do  let them speak whatever they want at home . 
  you do n't actually think that we banned other languages from being spoken in private places do you ? 
   in romania however , the language of the native minorities are not even being recognized by the state . 
  did you actually check before saying this bs ? 
  we do recognize minorities languages . 
  on a local level . 
  if in a municipality a minority is  20 % they have the right to communicate with authorities in their language . 
  sure . 
  lets have 10 + official languages . 
   who know ** only ** hungarian . 
  this is my problem . 
  they can speak 10 language if they want ( and are able ) . 
  do n't you think that as a citizen of a country , you should speak at least one of the official languages ? 
  if for citizenship test you ask for proficiency in romanian language , does n't make sense to ask the same from all citizens ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  not that unique . 
  we also have lots of stupid question at our citizenship test , probably not even 10 % of romanians would pass that . 
  imo citizens who acquired citizenship are more responsible with their vote , know their rights and obligations better . 
  not to mention that knowing the language is mandatory to receive citizenship but we have citizens born and raised here who know only hungarian . 
   allowing eastern europe to participate in freedom of movement is why the uk is leaving . 
  you 're making it sound like it happened against uk 's will . 
  when in reality is the contrary , uk pushed for this . 
  i was referring to gypsies . 
  otherwise most romanians that emigrated in spain and italy ( mostly ) are not that `` diverse '' , they integrate rather quickly , and they are not that different in the first place . 
  there are actually other european migrants who are more `` diverse '' in spain and italy than romanians . 
  you ca n't really say , with a straight face , that on average a romanian is as problematic as a subsaharian african . 
  i would gladly pay to help releave italy of economic presure . 
  but this is just one part of the problem . 
  safety is important also , you know what i mean . 
  you 're right that solutions you enumerated are impractical at this point . 
  what i do n't understand is why we ca n't have closed refugee camps ( on italy 's soil or spread through out europe ) financed by all eu countries . 
  this way we also remove a big chunk of incentive to come to europe . 
  i will gladly help italy in such scenario . 
  is not that we do n't want to help at all . 
  we just do n't agree how . 
  le : by  by all means show us how to do it , now is your chance i was also referring to gypsies . 
  yeah about that vote . 
  refugees quotas clearly is a sensitive sensitive matter . 
   the council has to vote unanimously on a number of matters which the member states consider to be sensitive . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/unanimity/ ) so yeah , personally i consider that vote illegal . 
  and if we are to judge by the progress of relocation program , most countries are hypocrites that do n't care also . 
  at least some countries are honest about that . 
  you shouted at us that we 're doing a bad job in this area . 
  by all means show us how to do it , now is your chance . 
  and no , putting them on airplanes does n't mean integration . 
  not to mention that in absolute numbers you exported more diversity . 
  because you 're not capable to protect your border . 
   why should eastern europeans be the only ones that get a pass on being economic ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ migrants ? 
  just in case you 're serious . 
  because we actually signed some agreements between our countries that allows for free movement of labor ? 
  ( among other things ), 
  quite the contrary . 
  we want to impose more diversity . 
  not even only european . 
  i though you 're being sarcastic . 
  germany want a more integrated europe . 
  france does . 
  uk does n't . 
  this business argument is minor in grand scheme of things , geopolitcs ... etc. 
  the second they were sure that uk can not stop this `` more europe '' thing they started talking about reforms , defense and many other things that they wanted to do for a long time but uk opposed . 
  and this process will only accelerate after elections in germany . 
  this is much more important for germany than relying on uk to keep france in check in a few economical aspects . 
  [ sure ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/a3zqvrh40cdhu/giphy.gif ), 
  so after romanian troops crossed tisza and right before entering budapest . 
  they tried to capitulate , few days in advance to total defeat , while asking for territories under romanian army and you wonder that romania refused ? 
  and when we refused kun ran like a coward 1 day before budapest 's fall . 
   they accepted a deal from france frankly i do n't know about this deal , if you could point me to more details . 
  but regardless , romanian troops were at budapest 's gates , he should have talked with romania not france . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=11m19s ) ( 20 mins if you want to see all of it , which i recommend ) . 
  it explains much better than i could why this would be better for russians long term . 
   the soviet republic resigned when ? 
  this time they were indeed first . 
  for a short time . 
  we had to conquer them to remove the soviets from power in hungary . 
  unfortunately we only postponed it . 
  at least we tried . 
  is both . 
  and willingness is itself affected by capability relative to enemy 's capabilities . 
  if you do n't have that much military equipment you 're kinda reluctant to enter into a conflict if you have the choice to not do it . 
  ( this is in general , i know france is in good position regarding their military vs russia ) and this cut is not only about equipment , is about general attitude towards military . 
  drawing borders regardless of ethnic characteristics added to the instability . 
   and plan to cancel brexit at some point they ca n't . 
  requires unanimity and germany and france wo n't miss this chance to get rid of the uk . 
  the attitude the uk has regarding eu projects that should be applied after brexit happens only adds more anger to eu27, 
  it is partially [ france 's mess ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement ), 
  and then france and germany wonder why ee trusts usa more regarding defense . 
  can you [ baltics ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6n7or2/southern_europe_swelters_as_heatwave_sparks/dk7h1f2/ ) make up your mind ? 
  making their main exports ( oil , gas ) useless is a good step that will help to some extent . 
  my point is that he is too optimistic about this debt thing .
