  and not even national police ( which is more educated ) but local police ( subordinated to mayors ), 
  clown with an official position . 
  he is like a minitrump, 
  still as an official of russian federation he should be more diplomatic . 
  i would imagine rogozin would be a person of interest though , he is not just any persona non-grata . 
  possible . 
  however . 
  the retard tweeted from airplane before takeoff about the trip . 
  where were polish secret services ? 
  sleeping ? 
   dont want to fly over us this one did, 
  kaczynski hates russia much much more than he hates eu, 
   hungary also refused and in transit through their space , and landing in budapest hungary should n't have let them in in the first place . 
  actually in the 3rd place . 
  in 1st place would be poland, 
  \\ + they keep our gold safe, 
  speaking of which , how come poland , slovakia and hungary let the airplane fly over them ? 
  i thought that sanctions are on eu level . 
  i hope he had a crying baby behind him for the entire flight, 
  he forgot his [ tupolev ] ( https://themoscowtimes.com/articles/romania-queries-moscow-after-deputy-pm-sends-bomber-jet-tweets-35305 ) ? 
  why not . 
  and then usa shares its icbm technology with whoever it wants ( russia 's enemies in particular , ee for example ) and in 5-10 years we 'll have a world full of nukes . 
  sounds like we 'll have lots of fun . 
  so culture = race to you ? 
  go fuck yourself troll !, 
  and come back when you have actual arguments , racism card is overplayed , nobody buys it anymore . 
  because you resorting to racist card is a so much better argument , right ? 
  because not all cultures are equal , some are not only inferior but even damaging to societies and i consider that people have the right to not see something like that imported in their country if they have a choice . 
  fuck of with your racist card now . 
  you know very well that this is about religion ( culture in general actually , not only religion ) and is not about skin color . 
  imo for this shit in particular france is to be blamed more than usa, 
  so no chance for single digit in medium term ? 
  2005 probably he 's bald and has a belly now, 
   yeah , when you cross the ~ ~ bridge ~ ~ border it seems like you 're going back in time . 
  ftfy, 
  so thats why we do n't have roads ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   what 's with the 180 ? 
  is half past 2017 . 
  time to wake up . 
   its a strategic thing so was south stream for bulgaria . 
  it did n't matter, 
  it will soon . 
  russia is almost out of the reserves fund . 
  it will remain behind technologically . 
  regular russian will have a harder and harder life . 
  less money to fund the army ... it just takes a while for the effects to appear . 
  how much is pi in islam ? 
  for me is simple . 
  i do n't like what russia does , i do n't want my country to have anything to russia . 
  i would prefer a total embargo between romania and russia , just pure minimum diplomatic relations . 
  as minimum as possible . 
  and other countries who have similar mindset are free to do the same . 
  speaking of position of strength . 
  from military perspective . 
  that 's exactly what russia does . 
  threatening weaker countries . 
  what goes around comes around and russia deserves fully such attitude . 
  even if it does n't work , at least we do n't condone it , we do n't encourage such attitude by ignoring it . 
  that 's the old way of doing things . 
  not anymore . 
  russia needs to adapt and grow up . 
  dude you 're writing pure kremlin propaganda . 
  look at what russians are saying ( even officials regarding weaker countries ) . 
  threats , allusions of invasion , bombings ... etc whenever this countries do n't do what russians want or just want to be left allone to make their own choices . 
  this `` poke the bear '' fits exactly into that narative . 
  so not wanting to work with the bear means poking the bear to you ? 
  fuck off russian . 
  go cry me a river somewhere else . 
  only government ? 
  poland ( country not gov ) was divided before it was cool . 
  also in 3, 
  you do n't care about international law and what you signed ? 
  the others will stop working with you , will look at you as a pariah and a few other things . 
  is the least that we can do against bullies . 
  so ... jet fighter with tentacles ? 
  we did n't receive promised payment for our protest in february . 
  fool me once ... poles be careful , ask for pay upfront ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  they did . 
  they even lied that every participant got 100ron , 50ron for child and 30ron for dog . 
  i 'm not making this up , they said that everyone who came with a dog got 30ron for the dog . 
  this is not the final form, 
  actually protests in february in romania were against an emergency ordinance made by center-left government . 
  yeah , our left is more nationalistic than right . 
  leftover from commie times , our commies were more special . 
   low risk , high reward . 
  because i said that risk of drowning is relatively low and they would have a better life in europe than their origin shithole , lets just put this slogan , make fun of concerned people and open a casino while we 're at it . 
  right ? 
  because is known that people will never abuse a situation ( or a law ) in their favor if they have the chance . 
   dude nothing is stopping you from tearing up your passport and swimming out to the med , the high life awaits you . 
  i 'm already here having a normal life . 
  high compared to normal life in africa since you like to use this term . 
   right well let me know when that happens . 
  it was a comparison with another situation where certain procedures can be modified to be done faster . 
  if you do n't like that example think of situation in france when emergency situation was activated , making certain things regarding police action faster and with less rights for suspects ( for example ability to go over them during night ) . 
   the processing camps we 're stacking them in ? 
  you tell me . 
   bwahahaha yes they cracked the code man , they 're living the life . 
  jfc some people ... yeah , this is whats happening . 
  the situation in their countries is not new . 
  what changed is that nobody cares in libya anymore .
