  without the right context the leap from the kid kissing the carp to the carp getting its head bashed in looks like a form of tourette 's . 
   you well-cultured europeans should know that shit . 
  have you noticed that you are the one trying very hard to make this about americans ? 
  sure , it may ( or may not ) have been about people missing a reference that happened to be american , but that could have played out the same with a luxembourgish reference . 
  i think noiwontsharemyfries started it . 
  however if you are right that they were referencing a firmly established trope that an american would recognize , then presumably they did so unintentionally . 
   the german guy was rude first , he responded very nasty . 
  see , that 's where we disagree . 
  i maintain that noiwontsharemyfries 's reply was - possibly unintentionally - inappropriate and they started it . 
  that was just an illustration of someone shitting all over a cute little anecdote by feeling compelled to make a needlessly crass remark . 
  or at least what looks like one if you are not used to little getting attached to animals and kids being traumatized by their slaughter going hand in hand naturally . 
  it 's possible that it is a more established trope in america . 
  at least to me it did n't read as a reference to anything in particular but as a somewhat obnoxious non sequitur . 
  ( `` once i visited my grandparents ... '' - `` hurr durr , i bet they are dead now and worms ate their corpses , hahahhaah !!!! '' ), 
  honestly i am not sure where exactly you think things went wrong . 
  however after this , ...  typical german . 
  arrogant and humorless . 
  ... in my experience , the poster could not win anymore . 
  in europe ( and overall ) : the uk . 
  elsewhere : i do n't really like cantons , but somewhow the us flag makes it work . 
  i like japan , too . 
  people always conflate church and national pronunciations . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i can see how it might look like one if you live in a culture where hating the eu is normalized and just a harmless thing people do . 
  `` oh no , it 's nothing personal . 
  we just risked the fate of our nation to get rid of people like you and shit on everything you hold dear . '', 
  yeah , that does n't feel a place where i would be welcome . 
  honestly , at the moment i would n't even visit england . 
  i hope that a few years after the transition is complete things will normalize , but for now - thanks , but no thanks . 
  the greens may be in the wrong half of political spectrum , but they have the respectability that the afd lacks . 
  and although the greens do n't like to talk about it , the party is full of relatively well off baby boomers , many of whom have cultural issues with the conservatives while they do n't actually mind their policies all that much . 
  are you at all familiar with the post-war history of police in germany ? 
  if you think * this * is militarized police , then take a look at all the fun contingencies cold-war-era * bereitschaftspolizei * was supposed to cover . 
  or look at the pre-reunification border guards . 
  and that 's just the west . 
  honestly i think the biggest change is the vastly increased use of body armor which can look a bit martial . 
  do n't underestimate the * vertriebene * . 
  by now all those who remember the east are ancient , but they refuse to die until this temporary unpleasantness in k\u00f6nigsberg has been resolved . 
   is this a separate insurance from homeowners/renters liability insurance , or is general liability not routinely covered by these in germany ( the usual model in the u.s. ) damage to rented property is a very common option but not automatic . 
   do people tend to use this insurance for small expenses , rather than paying out of pocket ? 
  can i assume this means they typically have very low deductibles , and the insurers are n't likely to increase rates in response to payouts ? 
  different deductibles are available , including zero . 
  amounts in the low triple digits are common . 
  you can save quite a bit on premiums choosing a higher deductible , but obviously small issues are much more common and high deductibles drastically reduce the number of occasions where the insurance is useful . 
   are people often more litigious in small-claims courts ( or whatever the equivalent may be ) , willing to sue for small amounts ? 
  there is separate legal insurance that does cause some litigiousness , but that 's different . 
  i do n't think that liability insurance results in much extra litigation . 
  people may be more likely to expect others to pay for damage they cause , but the potential defendants are more likely to be willing and able to concede . 
  i live in a not very touristy german city on the french border . 
  it 's not so much what they are looking at but that they are here at all . 
  the french kids on school trips have my sympathy . 
  sorry that you got the lamest trip abroad possible , one mile behind the border . 
  `` migrant '' used to be the most general term for someone who moved from one country to another . 
  recently the press adopted that because there was no better shorthand for `` refugees and asylum seekers regardless of the stage of the process or their chance of being recognized '' , but somehow people got the impression that it applies only to those people or even only some of them . 
  i think what op is looking for is someone like alois gl\u00fcck , a member of the bavarian mainstream conservatives . 
  rarely . 
  it is accepted at specific touristy locations , but you really do n't want to rely on that alone . 
  i 'd say that you have to be a fairly hardcore anglophile to know about * father ted * . 
  * blackadder * is more widely known , but even that is still a niche show . 
  agreed . 
  has anyone in germany ever used that with a straight face after the kennedy administration ? 
  not really , except for a little unintentional accent of course . 
  one thing that applies to other geographical names more than to cities is that in the past it was more common to translate common generic parts of names like `` north '' , '' south '' , `` new '' etc. 
  while nowadays people are more likely to leave them untranslated . 
  `` neumexiko '' and `` nord-dakota '' look a bit quaint these days . 
  usually technically not the university but a separate organization that provides services to students . 
  rooms are not included in the rather miniscule fees though and in many cities they are in short supply . 
  at least as far as germany is concerned , certainly not . 
  and if anything places in germany tend to be unreasonably fond of their foreign names . 
  they create an air of international relevance even if many are hardly ever used in real life . 
  perhaps , just perhaps some of us are smart enough not to take everything at face value but still derive useful information from that vast amount of material . 
  without any value judgment it is simply a fact that the average european knows more about the us than the other way round . 
  and if you limit the discussion to people who voluntarily spend their time on an english-speaking website , then the balance tilts even further . 
  traditionally the social democrats , but there are n't that many left . 
   european arianespace was the world 's first commercial launch service provider . 
  everybody knows that the shift from public shareholders to public launch contracts was when saint elon lead mankind to the stars . 
  to a point , absolutely . 
  but it does n't completely resolve the fundamental problem that access to sites that are unwilling or unable to pay up one way or the other is likely to suffer . 
   could the american telcos degrade europeans service if they do n't agree to pay money to have the privilege of receiving those tasty packets in a timely manner ? 
  as long as one end of the connection is in the us , the short answer is yes and there would n't be much europe could do about it , but of course it is hard to know how exactly that would play out in practice . 
  but i think the bigger deal is that america has almost had enormous influence on what is considered `` normal '' on the internet . 
  that would be the * deutsches w\u00f6rterbuch * started by the brothers grimm ( yes , those ) with over 320000 headwords . 
  probably they were referring to a famous recent poll showing that trust in america dropped to the level of trust in russia recently . 
  the poll is certainly real , but of course trying to break this down to a single number is an oversimplification . 
  and interestingly some people are traumatized if they request their file and there is nothing in it . 
   most of european countries switched to metric in the 1800s , so what represent previous units are forgotten . 
  and in addition to that some places in europe ( like germany ) never had any other unified system of measurement . 
  that 's why the metric system was so successful in the first place . 
   we are full metric , but due to the anglosphere influence , we have some items in imperial , sometime in dual , like tires , wheels , screens ( tv , laptop , smartphone ) . 
  same in germany , but most people have only the vaguest idea how long an inch is and nothing is ever really measured in inches . 
  it is treated more as an abstract size scale like s/m/l / xl . 
   in french , some old units are still alive in some expressions like il n ' a pas boug\u00e9 d'un pouce ( he did not move an inch ) or by old literature like jules verne 's 20 000 lieues sous les mers ( twenty thousand leagues under the sea ) , but not for the everyday life . 
  again , same in germany . 
  exactly . 
  the various hyphenated americans are certainly real , but they are distinct from their ancestral nations . 
  in american terms it is a checking account , but it refers specifically to the usually pretty limited type that they ca n't refuse . 
  if op is financially reasonably healthy they should be able to get a normal account . 
  i remember reading that one factor that is often ignored is that different buyer demographics for the same model can actually cause differences in reliability . 
  that means that to some degree stereotypes about the different brands can become self-fulfilling . 
  if the same car is driven by people who want a reliable boring down-to-earth car in one country and by those who want an exotic car , reliability be damned , in another , then the statistics can actually end up looking very different .
