generally northerners do while southerners and austrians do n't . 
  i think you are greatly overestimating the difference . 
  i have seen many british people who think the uk is somehow unique in not taking it seriously , not even really trying , their most successful acts not taking part etc. 
  it 's pretty much the same on the continent . 
  it is all over the tabloids for a few days before and after and many people watch it , but most do n't take it very seriously . 
  the nice thing about it is that it works at pretty much any level of irony . 
  we are a bit bigger and way scarier . 
  of course . 
  i get that those distinction are important to you , but seen from the outside all you anglo people have an awful lot in common . 
  it varies . 
  usually assuming that you are expected to take them of is the safe choice , but plenty of people wear shoes indoors . 
  interestingly my parents switched after decades when they moved . 
  presumably because they do n't have wall-to-wall carpet anymore . 
  imagine i told an american veteran that i was a veteran , too , because my grandfather and great-grandfather were . 
  probably they 'd think that i was a ) wrong and b ) a bit presumptuous . 
  to me as a european nationality is a shared experience first and foremost . 
   nothing wrong with that , we live in a society . 
  i 'd go further . 
  that 's the whole point of taxes . 
  and given that steinmeier studied law in the late 70s / early 80s , he learned quite a bit of latin in addition to that , but of course almost nobody actually speaks that . 
   the german state tracks church membership in official records , the three options are catholic , protestant , and `` neither '' . 
  often it looks like that , but they absolutely track quite a few distinct churches and other religious organizations , including the protestant churches outside the ekd . 
  the exact list varies from state to state . 
  but i thought they had to allow that in the uk . 
  in germany they certainly do n't which takes it to a different level . 
  n germany we do , just not in restaurants . 
  the whole system is built around high-margin drinks and low-margin food . 
  tap water throws a wrench in the works . 
  think of asking for tap water in a german restaurant as being like not tipping in an american one . 
  it may be in your interest and well within your rights , but you are not going to win any friends breaking the unwritten rules of the game . 
  lannister : uk tyrell : france, 
   what if the parents do n't want to teach their kids opinions based on the current social climate consent is optional . 
  compliance is not . 
  offhand i know cases in bavaria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and nrw . 
  i do n't see how that would be fraud as long as everyone is on the same page . 
  if you do n't believe me , check offers on one of the big real estate sites . 
  i am not quite sure , but i have seen a surprising number of people , mainly americans , who found them excessively complicated and confusing . 
   i do n't know where in germany you do n't have a sink and a stove in the kitchen when renting . 
  i have had both versions personally and know plenty of examples either way from other people . 
  in my experience the main factor is the expected length of the rental . 
  a small student apartment is virtually guaranteed to come with some form of equipped kitchen . 
  in larger , more upmarket apartments and houses that people might rent for decades renters often actually prefer getting their own stuff . 
  sorry , i worded that badly . 
  they include the room , but often it is just the bare room without any appliances or furniture . 
  at least by the standards of the english-speaking world we stare at people . 
  our washing machines are confusing . 
  most things are closed on sundays . 
  church tax and tv license fee . 
  our cake frosting is wrong . 
  basically all recurring contracts auto-renew . 
  many rental apartments do not include a kitchen . 
  even the expensive ones ? 
  * especially * the expensive ones . 
  do you mean deciding which clothes to buy or which to wear ? 
   and why is the reason behind the riots not mentioned in mainstream media ? 
  it is all over the mainstream media . 
  if you are not a native english speaker , then monolingual is the new illiterate . 
  unfortunately i think the average person does n't know that much about syria . 
  much of what little i know i learned from a syrian colleague my father had when i was in high school . 
  for example that pizza is absolutely , definitely from aleppo . 
  never believe a word those italian say !, 
  in short , yes , they are . 
  the german incident probably received some additional attention because it reminded people of a terrorist attack initially , making quite a few people jump to conclusions . 
  however it would have been nationwide news anyway . 
  german police only fires a few dozen shots a year in anger . 
  every single time they do makes the news . 
  the most recent year with more than one police officer in the whole country killed by a criminal was 2007 . 
  that means that even a close call is guaranteed to be all over the news . 
  finally the whole thing happened very publicly . 
  yup , it 's elvish - sindarin to be exact . 
  ok , let 's crown juncker emperor of europe in the smouldering ruins of moscow . 
  absolutely no downsides to this plan . 
  ah , i remember the days when 13-year-old girls suddenly decided that they wanted to walk as if they were wearing ski boots . 
  the important thing is that they must never have a voice in eu politics again . 
  one time 2003 or 2004 i seemed to have lost power while i was n't at home . 
  what do you consider middle class ? 
  do you think it means `` average '' ? 
  one traditional definition was someone who has servants but works for a living . 
  of course that does n't get you very far these days , but mostly it still refers to the same sort of person : doctors , lawyers , college-educated tech employees , managers , small to medium business owners etc. 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read since your thread in r/germany . 
  you have to distinguish between actual europe and the fantasy of europe that is often perpetuated in north american political discourse . 
  many north american progressives have this romanticized but often fairly ignorant view of a continent more in line with their half of the political spectrum . 
  then north american build a strawman out of that and get all indignant that we europeans do not live up to their caricature of a view of europe that was basically bullshit to begin with . 
  that said , there are certainly some differences in the way racism plays out in europe . 
  in many countries in europe the long-established non-white population is vanishingly small and people of other races are mostly found among more or less recent immigrants . 
  this leads to a conflation of race and immigration issues and a lot of rather unfortunate exoticization . 
  i think in this case the shared language creates an illusion of similarity . 
  switzerland and germany are n't really any closer than , say , the netherlands and germany . 
  mostly it is getting your kids ' names from tv that is considered trashy . 
  ah ok , in that context it makes sense . 
  the `` jaaa ! '', 
  alone does n't unless you went to school in the panto universe . 
  jaaa ! '', 
  why do germans in made up german dialog always say `` ja '' all the time ? 
  it is ( and especially used to be ) the sign of the college-educated professional in `` serious '' settings . 
  the same people would clap for a musician during their free time , but at work that would bea bit undignified . 
   by the way , i 'm still mystified why aldi and lidl think one square foot of desk near the cashier is enough packing space for your purchases . 
  it is set up to discourage people from even trying to pack their stuff . 
  that was 20th century grocery bagging doctrine . 
  these days you are supposed to throw everything back into your cart and bag it elsewhere where you do n't block valuable checkout space .
