  i think it is a bit of a chicken-and-egg situation . 
  skyscrapers work fine in cities that have many of them and were planned with skyscrapers in mind . 
  a lonely one in a preexisting city will almost always look like shit and two are still not much better . 
   most german study programs will only let you study if you prove with a certificate recognized by the ministry that you are c1 or better . 
  yes , but there are major exceptions like many stem programs where b2 is enough . 
  i can only really speak for germany , but some of this probably applies to other countries , too . 
  because secondary school systems are structured differently , just any high school diploma is not necessarily sufficient . 
  you have to make sure that your grades and classes taken meet the requirements . 
  university will mostly stay out of your private life . 
  for example dorm rooms are not standard and actually in very short supply in some cities . 
  university itself may be free , but you still have to pay for your living expenses . 
  as an eu citizen you would have more leeway in that regard , but you should n't rely on being able to earn your money as you go along . 
  the most annoying thing is when one group of americans expects you to answer for another group 's dumb talking points . 
  if anything it was more a case of people not taking accurate polls seriously enough . 
  there is a way to strengthen the center-right in the eu . 
  it is called voting for them . 
  by all means do , if you swing that way . 
  if you mean rigging the system in their favor somehow - fuck , no . 
  i knew which one that was just from looking at the url . 
  great article . 
  i would n't say that it is about her being weak but her being a pure machiavellian who does whatever keeps her in power . 
  most of the time it is very hard to tell what she personally believes . 
  so , an indian britain this time ? 
  sounds ok . 
  of course there are many who are only recognizeable as broadly identifying with the far right , but god knows what their exact views are . 
  but there are others who take it to a level beyond the usual casual . 
  there are only so many totally-not-quite-a-swastika patches of various organizations that you can sew onto your ma-1 jacket before people draw their conclusions . 
  imagine seeing a klansmen in robes or a hells angel or whatever your local gang is . 
  of course it is always * possible * that it is an impostor with very questionable judgment , but chances are they mean it . 
  and of course their actions provide clues , too . 
  if you see them ( as i have ) standing around a camp fire , hitler saluting and singing nazi songs , then that is a further piece of the puzzle . 
  seen ? 
  certainly . 
  of course not all of them can be recognized on sight , but some certainly can even if in recent years most have toned down the `` look '' quite a bit . 
  berlin to france on regional trains on a weekend ? 
  congratulations , you have made flixbus look relaxing and fun !, 
   he 's been a part of the us 's popular culture since the eighties . 
  i 'd say he was mostly remembered for that . 
  some kind of 80s real estate liberace . 
  if only there had been a link with the relevant information !, 
  come on , you are supposed to pretend that you are posting in good faith . 
  there are some people who play baseball . 
  not many though . 
  at least in germany there is an , um , interesting pattern of bats outselling balls . 
  so one might suspect that not all of them are bought by serious athletes . 
  especially in the 90s they were the iconic weapon of far-right skinheads . 
  you do n't hear much about that anymore , but i doubt that it went away entirely . 
  as i understand it , they do but only current nationality . 
  if you are a french citizen , then you are as french as it gets . 
  back in the crt days it actually helped that hardly anybody here knows how much exactly one inch / `` zoll '' is . 
  the nominal sizes in inches did n't reflect the usable area especially well and people just treated them as vague size classes . 
  the same people probably would have felt cheated if they had taken a tape measure and failed to find the cm they paid for . 
  english is an official language there , but for eu purposes each country only gets to pick one language and neither chose english . 
  of course they 'll just change the rules if necessary , but right now english is an official language of the eu only because of the uk . 
  in my experience that problem is solved as soon as they go to school at the very latest . 
  i will never forgive them markus lanz . 
  i think one piece of the puzzle that is missing is that the leader of the german social democrats , the second strongest party and currently in a coalition with merkel , is a charisma-free sack of mediocrity . 
  so this whole idea of getting excited about a challenger to merkel is wish fulfillment for many in the left half of the electorate , even if it is n't clear that we will get to do more than roleplaying it ironically . 
  i think religion tends to be especially important when it is tied to identity . 
  most of those protestant countries have dominant state churches . 
  if almost everybody is at least nominally a member of `` the '' church and even the government is on board , then it loses much of its usefulness for identification . 
  their religion may be very important to some , but it is also easy not to care without giving up that much . 
  to me that 's the ultimate famous-for-being-famous tourist attraction . 
  i have never heard of a single person who was in any way interested in the waxworks . 
  it 's always just this iconic london thing one does , ironically if necessary . 
   having someone in the store bag your groceries ( or basically anything else you purchase ) is fairly standard here for full-service checkout . 
  it 's worth noting that at least here in germany that was never the norm in supermarkets in any price range . 
  old-timey grocery stores where you ordered at a counter were different of course . 
  back when walmart tried to enter the german market , they had that and people hated it . 
   i mention that because self-service has become more popular in recent years , where you scan , bag , and pay for your items without any human interaction at all . 
  are these common across the pond as well ? 
  those certainly exist but really only in the biggest supermarkets . 
  that used to be the case , but they changed it relatively recently . 
  you might want to listen to readings of the original poem . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfdlyz4nu48 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et9kuhwd_g4, 
   in theory , a coalition of other parties could form the next government . 
  and let 's not forget that because she leads a coalition government in a parliamentary system , that could happen * today * . 
  she is only `` inevitable '' because so far the rest of the left has shunned the socialist linke at the federal level . 
  the big difference is that in germany the land is assigned to specific certified hunters who have to manage the wildlife in their area . 
  that 's a major commitment in terms of money and labor . 
  those hunters are appointed by the landowners , but they can only do it individually if they own contiguous property that is rather large by german standards . 
  otherwise it is done jointly with neighboring owners . 
  all that means that casual hunting is very difficult and you end up with smaller numbers of very serious hunters . 
  i thought you meant that someone else got the blame that europe deserved . 
  who is `` us '' and who calls you pedophiles ? 
  well , there was the great mid-20th century redecorating . 
  this one is from 1991 . 
  my parent 's live in a building from 1902 . 
  not as explicitly , but it was more than likely that those were the ( not public ) `` giant tourist buses '' . 
  those are the ones op specifically does n't want . 
  i always knew that those people existed , but it is still shocking to see how far they extend into the mainstream and how impotent their opponents both on the left and in the right are . 
  heavens , no . 
  but i suspect much of that will come down to personal preferences and expectations . 
   i 'm not sure what stereotypes continental europeans have of us . 
  of course you do not fight . 
  you are all poets living in kerrygold commercials . 
  the explanation i have heard is that it was a relative thing . 
  britain used to be famous for excellent high end food , but like many aspects of the upper and seriously upper middle class lifestyle that sort of fell apart during ww1 . 
  of course most people in britain were not really affected by their country losing its edge in high end fine dining . 
  the main deficit is in people paying attention .
