  that allows national governments to blame `` brussels '' for things that happened with their consent after lengthy debate . 
  and that also allows national parties to treat the european institutions as their private siberia for disgraced politicians . 
  and in my experience employees , especially those of big chains , are much more diligent because they have a lot to lose and nothing to gain if they get it wrong , while owners often do n't really give a shit . 
  agreed . 
  people sometimes invoke some kind of ancestry in opposition to recent immigrants , but nailing down what exactly is meant by german ancestry is quite tricky . 
  what about frisians , silesians , east prussians , kashubians , sorbs , wends , huguenots etc. ? 
  which of those are acceptable backgrounds for a proper german ? 
  it 's not about them ratting you out but you being a bad example . 
  some of the people who take it more seriously will yell `` child murderer '' if you jaywalk in front of a child . 
  the uk is the norma desmond of world powers . 
  what set them apart was mostly their insistence that they were more special than everyone else . 
  i think the misunderstanding is that usually socialism is n't seen as spectrum in europe . 
  in scandinavia they have competitive multi-party systems and largely private ownership of the means of production etc. 
  so they are just considered `` not socialist '' instead of `` a little bit socialist '' . 
  very much in favor . 
  my proposal would be every eu member paying one percent of its gdp . 
  national militaries would continue to exist , although in siginificantly reduced form if we assume overall defense spending similar to current levels . 
  that 's what i used to think , but according to americans i know those movies , while of course not documentaries , were closer to the truth than i ever considered possible . 
  `` you know , actually the northern half of the country contains numerous places besides berlin . '', 
  and for stronger stuff like regular vodka there is a fairly hard lower limit around $ 4.99 because at that point it is mostly liquor taxes plus normal sales tax and there is n't much left to pay for the actual beverage . 
  is n't that just a quirk of american copyright law that uses a fairly broad definition of `` government works '' ? 
  i think all in all that would be appenzeller . 
  it 's certainly true regarding germany . 
  aside from the academic credentials in practice probably the biggest asterisk is that you have to prove * in advance * that you are able to pay your living expenses for a whole year , i.e. 
  any job you intend to get while studying does n't count . 
  we know that . 
  that 's just one of the things we hate . 
  that phrase may be perfectly innocuous inside america , but it is insulting as fuck if directed at real germans . 
  depends . 
  everyone born before 1975 needed a german father and if any of their ancestors lost their citizenship before passing it on , then the chain is broken . 
  how/why are you eligible ? 
  because you are eligible for either , it sounds like it is based on birth , not racking up enough years of residence for naturalization . 
  if that is the case , then technically you were a german citizen all along and it is just a matter of getting the paperwork to prove it . 
  in that case the dual citizenship rules for naturalization do n't apply to you . 
  otoh , what you should worry about in that case is naturalization elsewhere . 
  eur 100-150 total and even those were not really necessary . 
  i think one difference is that in america selling textbooks to your own students is considered an acceptable source of income for professors while here that would be considered very bad form . 
  but what makes english special in that regard is just a spelling convention . 
  compound nouns work pretty much the same in german and english . 
  the only major difference is that english speakers decided to write them with spaces except when they do n't . 
   i mean , a government can just decide to trigger article 50 and poof ... 
  the actual rule is :  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  so member states are free to set up internal safeguards . 
  true , other member states ca n't prevent a member state that has made up its mind from leaving , but that is intentional . 
   not only is herr professor doktor a valid address in germany ( sounds like mockery to me ) , only in writing and only in slightly more formal contexts ( and essentially always abbreviated ) . 
  generally in speech you use the highest title , i.e. 
  that 's especially true in this case because the vast majority of professors is a doktor anyway . 
   putting doktor before professor there would be impolite and more strange than just omitting doktor and saying herr professor . 
  highest title first . 
  there is something i have always wondered about chavs . 
  is the term limited to young people exhibiting specific behaviors or are you a chav for life ? 
  are there chav families where chav parents raise chav children ? 
  i had a religious great-great-aunt , but she died in 2003 . 
  turkey as it is now ? 
  no way . 
  but turkey used to be a much more viable candidate . 
  who knows ? 
  perhaps 20-30 years from now things will look better . 
  yes , but mostly idiots who were asking for it . 
  i 'll quote myself from a week and a half ago :  in addition to that up to the mid-20th century they were rather elitist because basically universities in general were . 
  in the 50s and especially 60s when universities attracted children of the working and lower middle class the fraternities were seen as antiquated institutions that had been on the wrong side of history . 
  they never captured the mainstream of the student population again . 
    these days in addition to right-wing nutters they also include students from families who have inaccurate and ridiculously outdated ideas of university life and consider it posh . 
  the fraternities have held on to some of the trappings of their past like old fraternity mansions in expensive neighborhoods , but today it is less brideshead revisited and more racists binge drinking in contrast collar shirts . 
  in germany i would recommend * hidrofugal * . 
  that might be available elsewhere in europe . 
  their main national characteristic seems to be that they sound adorable . 
   do germans consider germany 's history to begin with the emergence of the german nation or the emergence of the german culture ? 
  wow , that 's a choice between two huge cans of worms . 
  anyway , i think verdun ( treaty not battle ) is as good a starting point as any . 
  in addition to that up to the mid-20th century they were rather elitist because basically universities in general were . 
  in the 50s and especially 60s when universities attracted children of the working and lower middle class the fraternities were seen as antiquated institutions that had been on the wrong side of history . 
  they never captured the mainstream of the student population again . 
  these days in addition to right-wing nutters they also include students from families who have inaccurate and ridiculously outdated ideas of university life and consider it posh . 
  the fraternities have held on to some of the trappings of their past like old fraternity mansions in expensive neighborhoods , but today it is less * brideshead revisited * and more racists binge drinking in contrast collar shirts . 
  same in germany . 
  sure , people would like not paying for things , but the relatively high markup for drinks is an expected part of the overall system . 
  if you are not tipping in america , then you are n't breaking any law either , but people wo n't like it when you break the basic unwritten rules . 
  i used to know an australian borat who did that all the time . 
  it was not pleasant . 
  77 % ( 77 % real words , 0 % non-words ), 
  and the closely related `` so much for german efficiency ! '', 
  which might as well be `` for a black guy you are really shit at basketball . '', 
  i think judo is a seriously underrated spectator sport . 
  one big advantage is that individual matches are fairly compact . 
  that means that they are easy follow and if you are lucky tv may actually stay with the whole time without interrupting coverage to tell you how some inspiring young athlete overcame his dog 's cancer . 
  and you can have several rounds in one day so that you get a real sense of an athlete #s progress . 
  i think the biggest difference is that in generally casual settings american tourists seem to dress a step or two more casually than europeans . 
  it 's not so much that they wear things no european would ever wear but that they wear them on different occasions . 
  for example american tourists sightseeing in a city might be dressed like europeans on the beach or in their back yard . 
  ( the opposite effect at the other end of the spectrum also exists , but you do n't see it much in tourists . 
  does this look like a ferrero rocher commercial to you ? ), 
  so far there are so many variables that it is very difficult to give useful answers . 
  i do n't know the details of the italian law , but german law was and is much more restrictive than the short version in the title . 
  you are a german citizen if at least one of your parents ( before 1975 : the father ) was a german citizen at the time of your birth . 
  that means that there are quite a few `` secret '' germans out there . 
  however ( with some mostly recent exceptions ) german citizenship is lost if you voluntarily acquire another citizenship or volunteer for military service in a different country of which you are a citizen . 
  that means that there are many scenarios in which someone with a german great-grandparent , grandparent or even formerly german parent can end up without citizenship . 
  do n't put a canadian flag on your backpack . 
  you 'll look like a us republican with something to hide .
