   what did you think we did when we needed to fix something without such stores ? 
  fill out a form at the local office of building material affairs of course . 
  that suits my innate lack of individualism and willingness to take responsibility best . 
   i seem to have a lot more opportunities at germany to help fund my own studies . 
  at the risk of pointing out the obvious , i hope you took into account that in germany you have to prove financing for one year in advance , without relying on money you may or may not earn during the course of that year . 
  there will be as yet undisclosed restrictions that force you to get a contract from your `` main '' country . 
  presumably providers from expensive countries will care more than those from cheap ones . 
  i do n't mean that he is ( or is seen as ) evil or anything . 
  he is a loud , arrogant , american exceptionalist and incredibly full of himself . 
  he is a bunch of stereotypes about americans made flesh . 
  yup , musk is pretty much a cartoon ugly american . 
  compared to america even tesla is fairly obscure . 
  in addition to that to many of them foreigners stand for change and broadly speaking rural areas are more likely to have gotten the short end of the stick in this whole progress thing . 
  so you have people who were n't there during * the good old days ^ tm * and appeared when things went bad . 
  if they really care , then they can get naturalized after a reasonable time . 
  eu `` expats '' can vote at home ( mostly ) , in municipal elections and in european elections . 
  that is plenty . 
  i think that depends on where you live . 
  quite a few of them are in the same business as they have been since time immemorial . 
  they are the dominant landowners somewhere in the sticks , comparatively big fish in rather small ponds . 
  not so much in the east of the country though , for obvious reasons . 
  it is also important to note that german * adel * is defined more broadly than for example british * nobility * . 
  it is closer to nobility plus gentry . 
  people who are * adelig * are a dime a dozen and most lead completely unremarkable lives . 
  the situation is very different if you look at e.g. 
  the equivalents of british peers . 
  ah , the greatest classic of `` acceptable '' holocaust jokes . 
  you can get away with that one if you are a 17-year-old edgelord or proudly un-pc deplorable . 
  if merkel made that joke , then it would be an instant career ender . 
   subsidiaries add a bit to costs but it 's not that huge a deal . 
  you are the one who seems to expect some sort of crippling blow . 
  of course the city does n't like the idea of losing some percentage of their marketshare , but they are not going anywhere . 
  as you rightly point out , they will find ways to do business as a non-eea country , just like the us . 
  and they would be able to access uk services just as easily . 
  nobody expects the city to shut down . 
  without a special deal some activities would be affected because they rely on eea privileges . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36630606 the tabloids do their best to make it sound like some kind of embargo , but it just is n't . 
  yes , of course . 
  the problem is that is * not * what many in the uk want . 
  they want to keep as much as possible of their privileges that america does n't have . 
  when people say `` no access '' in the context of brexit , what they mean is `` not able to operate on the continent exactly like locally licensed institutions '' , not `` literally no access '' . 
  what the us and canada have would be considered `` no access '' although that is obviously not literally true . 
  i was taught that it was reis , who also coined the word , but his device performed poorly . 
  then bell , who knew reis 's work , improved it . 
  one of the many things hitler ruined . 
  they never fully recovered from the ban under the third reich and now they are fairly obscure . 
  what i have heard but ca n't confirm first hand is that as a result they tend to be pretty fundamentalist and reject this more casual `` lions club with better costumes '' approach that you sometimes see in america for example . 
  the i8 is a plug-in hybrid . 
  the bmw i3 is fully electric though . 
  others include the mercedes b 250 e , vw e-golf and vw e-up ! . 
  you decide if you want to count the renault twizy as a proper car . 
   i 'd read about a german man who was evicted from his apartment and denied his security deposit after an episode of being drunk enough that he stood up to pee in his apartment bathroom and kinda mostly missed the toilet bowl . 
  the only way i could see that is if it was a lodger of someone who lived in the same home and had rather strong feelings about this ( and perhaps was looking for an excuse anyway . ), 
  but even then that would be very unusual . 
   is it true that german men sit to urinate , it varies . 
  it is far from universal , but it is not really especially uncommon either . 
   that german toilets have shelves so you can inspect feces before flushing ? 
  those are real but not nearly as common as they used to be . 
  these days they are mostly found in old residential bathrooms . 
  they are rare in new installations and were never really a thing in public/workplace toilets . 
  at least in german that would depend on the context . 
  someone 's * vaterland * is the land of their forefathers . 
  except perhaps the vatican and antarctica every country is someone 's * vaterland * . 
  it 's a germanic counterpart of latin * patria * ( as in * patriot * etc. ), 
  territories can have a * mutterland * if they are affiliated with a country but separated in some way ( colonies , outlying territories ... ) . 
  mine has a convection mode . 
  i have n't used it as a microwave in years . 
  you may know this , but in some countries including germany emergency medical services are organized differently . 
  because of that there are no exact counterparts of emts/paramedics . 
  i do n't know how easy recognition of your us qualifications is , but even if all the paperworks is sorted out , you may end up with noticeably different responsibilities . 
  this article contains a very brief overview of the differences : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3191661/, 
   edit : another question is why are those earning below the poverty line not eligible for some type of welfare ? 
  well , there are the agricultural subsidies . 
  however much of that money ends up in the pockets of major corporations and even with subsidies running a family farm is a challenge . 
  i do n't know about france , but at least around here able-bodied people of working age have to be available for other jobs if they want to receive `` normal '' welfare . 
  it 's that mediterranean coast . 
  that feels like a weird thing for a central european country . 
  stay . 
  agreed . 
  although slovenia seems a bit too southern . 
  nothing , as is the norm for personal accounts . 
  business accounts include only a limited number of transfers , if any , because businesses can easily generate huge numbers of transfers . 
  with a basic business account ( minimal fees and requirements ) sepa transfers are available for single digit cents and the price goes down if you sign up for `` power user '' packages . 
  methanol poisoning for one . 
  learning things about the caribbean right now . 
  it is certainly my favorite channel . 
  however i feel like they have gone significantly more mainstream over the years and i am not sure how comfortable i am with that . 
   it does n't happen to any other users on this sub . 
  i am not sure it is as clear-cut as you claim , but anyway i think one consequence of the format of this specific sub is that non-europeans are more likely to be stuck in the `` outsider '' role and more vulnerable to these disagreements . 
   it 's bizarre what some of you really think . 
  as you may have noticed , that feeling is mutual . 
   you guys are n't perfect . 
  i do n't see anyone claiming that we are . 
   nobody is . 
  agreed . 
  i think a very simple point that is often lost is that for many if not most europeans the metric system is the only unified system of measurements they ever had . 
  unlike the us under carter we did not switch from a standardized , relatively common and already somewhat streamlined us customary system . 
  instead there was a messy patchwork of incompatible and ill-defined local units . 
  and if you introduce a new system anyway , then it may be a matter of taste if the metric system is `` better '' , but it is pretty hard to argue that it is n't simpler and more systematic than the imperial or us customary system . 
  it is really easy to take certain common ground for granted and have a remark fall completely flat if you get it wrong .
