  its pretty neat for light painting and general long exposure photos . 
  do n't forget water changes !, 
  i think you missed to realize 80 % of itap has some degree of photoshop in it . 
  i 'm not high so let me fix your perception by saying that there are no rhinos naturally living in ireland . 
  gorgeous place , as if out of a fairy tale . 
  almost looks like a painting , great job, 
  thats the coolest dog i 've ever seen, 
  how did you actually climb it ? 
  what did you try to accomplish with this ? 
  can i join you ? 
  the right hemisphere ca n't comprehend language other than some really simple semantics, 
  do n't get rid of it , just tone it down a bit, 
  lsd , and yea it can be induced with it , temporarily of course, 
  lovely shot, 
  i 'm curious how you made this image , can you explain something perhaps ? 
  how do you get the texture of the smoke to show like that ? 
  is it flash ? 
  that sky, 
  thank you for the input . 
  as for the lineage of the dojo ... my sensei trained for ~ 40 years in aikido and currently holds a 5 dan awarded by his sensei kenji shimizu some 10 or 15 years ago . 
  he has split away from tendoryu style and over the years developed his own style . 
  we do n't faithfully represent his style but we 're trying our best . 
  there have been very few tenchinages throughout my learning process but i 've seen and done the traditional form of it . 
  i agree this might not appear like a tenchinage you would see in other schools and i used to question the terminology earlier . 
  now i just accept it . 
  techniques are done differently during practice than on the exam . 
  during practice we focus more on the posture , proper movement , balance , kuzushi and less on speed . 
  the final execution of the techniques is sometimes different , for example the irminages are n't usually done with the leverage like over the knee form during practice . 
  on exams its a bit different as we 're required to put some speed into it , to account for practical use i guess . 
  this in return damages the other important concepts , and how much it damages them is in line with how much you actually learned and stored into your muscle memory . 
  people 's nature around here is to instinctively use force rather than technique , and that can only get you so far . 
  our sensei always teaches the use of technique as he 's quite alone in this thinking with being surrounded with real aikido everywhere . 
  also , the reason my posture looks warped at the end of the throw is because we employ something i have n't seen in any other style or dojo . 
  holding onto the partner during his breakfall and slightly pulling him upwards makes him fall a bit more gently . 
  it does however damage the execution somewhat as you 're actually using force to keep someone in the air . 
  the reason for this is that there are very few people that can do really soft breakfalls and by doing this we ease the physical trauma on the body slightly . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i have n't found 2 schools that do the jo suburi in the same way . 
  everyone does as his sensei instructs and i do n't think anyone is entitled to say which one is wrong and which one is right . 
  you can only hold saito 's videos as the absolute truth for jo suburi , and that 's only if you had the pleasure of learning from him . 
  i see from your post that your sensei teaches in a very rational and reason driven way . 
  this is the right way of teaching in my opinion and i 'm somewhat sad that my sensei only upholds by it to some degree . 
  i hold the back part leveled on my belt and tie the back strap over my neck to keep it up . 
  then i hold the front part leveled up and bind the straps over by making sure they go under the hakama and are n't seen . 
  i repeat the same with the back strap and tie both knots under the hakama . 
  everyone does it quite differently and i have n't seen people object to it or enforce a single way . 
  as long as it 's secured and keeps everything in place its fine , and of course if you 're not going into any extremes haha . 
  its pretty impossible to lose interest into training if you 're a curious and eager to learn person . 
  aikido is extremely complex and there is always something new to learn and improve yourself and your techniques . 
  [ atb - ecstasy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfhzso0dbao ), 
  vocalist name is tiff lacey, 
  great picture m8, 
  great concept m8, 
  great clean shot, 
  the only positive way of dealing with it imo . 
  great picture , i really need an dslr heh . 
  that 's some of the prettiest buds i 've seen in a while , its not all in the purples . 
  i used to mix up [ lemon balm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melissa_officinalis ) when i could n't get tobacco and it was quite an interesting herb for the mix . 
  it changes the smoke flavour quite a bit and the high aswell to some extent . 
  not sure if it grows where you live though . 
  i confirm that it indeed is one of the greatest movies ever made . 
  and through the magic of internet i provide the [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzdqgx5jplo ) to the full movie . 
  enjoy, 
  wait , what benefits do you think boredom has ? 
  that grass looks extremely soft, 
  is there science behind this ? 
  i always feel the other way around , and i think carl sagan would have disagreed with you . 
  though my guess is every drug affects every person differently, 
  gorgeous shot m8, 
  lovely colors !, 
  are n't half of those caused by the medications themselves ? 
  i do n't know if i 'll be making much sense but i 'd like to offer an advice . 
  you say you tend to isolate , meaning you are somewhat introvert . 
  i think you are taking a wrong approach and should try to find people that can understand you . 
  breaking through delusions on your own using reason is n't really possible and the reassurance that other people can offer are often quite needed to break through . 
  thank you . 
  what causes diarrhea ? 
  dumbstep in this case, 
  upvoted m8, 
  an aikidoka and an ent too ? 
  impossible !, 
  siddhartha by hermann hesse, 
  you have a lovely voice , and i can totally relate to the story : d, 
  amazing , that must have been quite an experience . 
  where is this place located ? 
  it looks lovely . 
  are those plants progressing fine ? 
  their color seems a bit pale , or i 'm just wrong and that 's their natural color . 
  i tried to keep air pollution out of the equation as i live in a small spa in the countryside and there is n't any major city nearby . 
  but if that turns out to be the problem , i guess there is n't much i can do about it . 
   usually right after a major rain and windstorm is the best clarity , in my experience, 
  oh , i 've noticed that myself , was wondering if its related, 
  that 's some nice detective work right there . 
  amazing , this goes on the `` to visit '' list, 
  some might say that getting drunk , mumbling and not being able to stand still while vomiting sounds fucked up . 
  i think he 's pointing out that the alignment is a bit messed up, 
  nice panorama m8, 
  you 're certainly acting true to your username . 
  how much does that weight buddy ?
