  and then you have jazz . 
  i meant more from a layman 's point of listening , jazz is n't predictable and does n't follow the same beginning and the end type of structure that you would expect in lets say pop music . 
  looks really nice . 
  whats that plant in the foreground on the very right ? 
  i have a 66 witch based around discharge . 
  its a lot of fun and gets the job done atm . 
  i have nothing to compare with but i reckon it 's probably slower than the more conventional builds . 
  its pretty safe once you get it going . 
  discharge though , barely pulls me through . 
  a fully charged discharge ( 7 power charges , 4 frenzy 4 endurance ) does 10.5 k according to the tooltip . 
  add ele weakness and it does a bit more . 
  as an example , fully charged discharge takes half hp of a rare in merciless docks atm . 
  if it crits however , everything dies . 
  i ca n't seem to grab enough crit without sacrificing a lot of other things . 
  i have a few things in plan for endgame that might boost the damage a bit . 
  ice spear ele proliferation is a great cc combination . 
  you just need to keep your distance in order to get crits with ice spear . 
  a bike ride early in the morning before the sun rises . 
  you could measure it . 
  how realistic is this interpretation ? 
  it 's a deliriant . 
  someone should correct me if i 'm wrong , but i believe the reason why its so easy to get appealing melodies on this is because it uses the pentatonic scale . 
  would greater surface area in the shape such as the brain equate to more room for semi separated brain regions , with conjoined but highly specialized tasks ? 
  this place is magical . 
  is this only aikikai ? 
  yeah , i ca n't wait to see how this changes my discharge witch . 
  my discharge tooltip damage spiked from 10k before the patch to 36k after . 
  it feels so good to play this now . 
  this is from david attenborough 's africa right ? 
  juices and fruit do n't work for everybody . 
  crohn 's is kind of a unique case every time . 
  i can eat fruit only in slight moderation , as anything above moderate ends in a trip to the bathroom . 
  do n't quote me on this but i think fruit contains a lot of insoluble fiber which is indigestible and can cause flatulence and increase the rate at which stool travels through your colon . 
  i might be wrong but i think those are brown algae , or at least how we call them in my native language . 
  they usually appear in a newly set up tank , are n't really harmful and should disappear on their own after a week or two when the tank balances itself out . 
  you could try removing them mechanically with a toothbrush or something . 
  the only fish i 've ever noticed eating these are surprisingly mollies , but they are n't so fond of feeding on algae if they 're getting fed already . 
  i 've seen this guy around adventuring alongside a character that looks very similar and is named muhammad . 
  what camera are you using ? 
  i believe there is a difference between the depressant effects of alcohol on the brain and the depressive behavior in an individual . 
  alcohol would inhibit the firing rate of neurons ( ? ), 
  but that would n't cause depression in a person 's behavior . 
  i 've seen plenty of happy drunks . 
  the problem here is that he attributed subjective feeling as an objective truth . 
  elemental hit works aswell . 
  you could probably mess something interesting up with elemental hit and elem equilibrium . 
  or you could try vaal pact if there is a way to squeeze it into the build without sacrificing much . 
  might be interesting . 
  amazing , i could stare for hours at it . 
  p. helferi is such a nice plant that i never managed to properly propagate . 
  do you plan on adding some small fish or shrimps to it ? 
  or snails ? 
  i 've seen patterns like these and more complex ones with my eyes closed on certain drugs , always wondered how its connected to this phenomenon . 
  i 'd guess he 's simply trying to copy you , and even that is some really interesting behavior . 
  all you have to do is take a 360 panorama . 
  the little planet effect is something done in photoshop or other panorama softwares when choosing how to stitch the photos together . 
  how about [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mstms7qcf1s ) ? 
  he says that they 're looking at the duration of the calls , not names and content and using that data to search for terrorism . 
  that frankly seems like a program that would never work . 
  easy bs ? 
  it could also be echinodorus tenellus . 
  the road goes ever on and on, 
  down from the door where it began . 
  now far ahead the road has gone ,, 
  and i must follow , if i can ,, 
  pursuing it with eager feet ,, 
  until it joins some larger way, 
  where many paths and errands meet . 
  and whither then ? 
  i can not say . 
  that 's not an iriminage . 
  its [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojeq-ttjcc0 ) on youtube in audio form if anyone prefers it this way . 
  or putting a shockwave totem to kick mobs out of the deadzone . 
  if you still did n't get it , add me ( ign fishx ) and i 'll hook you up . 
  it could be a polarizing filter that 's done this ? 
  you could use this kind of tank to create some kind of a mountain scene . 
  lift the soil in slopes and layers . 
  i personally love to mess with style a lot . 
  i think i have some pictures on my hdd somewhere . 
  i 'll see if i can find something of this style and set up an imgur album or something . 
  edit : so [ the album is here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/odztg ) . 
  i tried to pick tanks with any sort of lifted soil that might create some height , but could n't find any that are minimalistic as op asked . 
  i also could n't find the specific ones i had in mind when posting the original post . 
  anyway i hope it still can serve as some sort of inspiration and lead you to a direction in designing the hardscape . 
  one distinction i see is in their core philosophy of the way they resolve conflict . 
  as far as i know daito-ryu has techniques that can and have the intention to kill the opponent , while aikido ( at least in it 's original state ) has only the goal to resolve conflict by subduing the opponent and bringing him/her in a state where he is no longer a danger to his surroundings . 
  the other difference is in the way you unbalance your opponent . 
  aikido uses a lot of a movement , blending and subtle positioning to unbalance , while daito-ryu would use more atemi and just generally applying force . 
  feel free to correct me if i misunderstood daito-ryu as i have n't practiced it , so all my knowledge of it is from watching videos and talking to people who have some understanding of it . 
  unbuffing would make it horrible yet again . 
  even with full tripple charges , the damage was very low . 
  i agree on the nerf but there has to be a middle ground . 
  where is this ? 
  i 've never seen rock formations like these , they look so surreal . 
  i was taught to grab a stick/shovel and just smack the person on the arm that 's holding the wire , making him drop it . 
  you might injure/break the arm but at least he 'll live . 
  i 'm curious , would the neurological functions be impaired after the brain has been exposed to air for a long time ? 
  would n't it depend on where the whole is ? 
  so if the hole was over the part of the occipital lobe the patient would have issues with vision ? 
  that 's one hell of a zoom for a phone .
