  do the people who fund these things really have a say in interpreting scientific data ? 
  do n't they just give the financial help to make the studies possible ? 
  also , i should say that i 'm a complete newcomer to this field and get my data exclusively from the internet as i live in a place where this field is hardly present . 
  increased occipital gamma power seems contradicting , since from my knowledge ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) , most of the `` things '' practiced by this form of meditation is thought to be governed by some regions of the parietal lobe . 
  what 's the link to the occipital lobe about ? 
  lush , healthy plants . 
  wonderful . 
  i wish mine would grow this lovely . 
  does n't the existence of a biologically immortal jellyfish disprove reincarnation in a way ? 
  do you have any picture before you introduced co2 ? 
  did you trim the plants often to get that bushy look ? 
  looks very healthy btw . 
  good job . 
  oh man , you just made me very nostalgic about lalias . 
  one of the most gorgeous fish i ever had . 
  how do they fare in planted tanks ? 
  the vertical stalk is to support a flower i believe . 
  hallucinate = / = insane . 
  hallucinations are n't always pathological . 
  gorgeous . 
  well done . 
  simply amazing . 
  it would n't hurt to try and ask some of the yoshinkan guys first . 
  some styles do n't mind about this while others do . 
  this quote scares the living hell outta me . 
  try a workout , or go on a semi long walk in the evening . 
  would n't going upstream be counterproductive for sleeping since you 're constantly focused on quieting the mind and as such you wo n't be able to drift off into sleep ? 
  maybe i 'm wrong but i do n't think you could get a `` how it 's made '' video about a nikon lens . 
  it would very well be filled with the company 's secrets that they would n't want to reveal . 
  season and/or geographical location . 
  pepto bismol is the most foul thing i ever had to drink . 
  the taste is horrible . 
  one of the best if not the best tank of this subreddit . 
  well done . 
  that 's morihei ueshiba , the founder of aikido yes . 
  the quote does n't sound like something he would say tho, 
  [ oh god this is so much fun ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z6duhue.jpg ), 
  this is a better advice . 
  what did he beat you for ? 
  it is n't known for making someone dumber either . 
  schooling fish are a great choice for planted tanks in my experience . 
  shrimps are great as well . 
  clea helena , they hunt down smaller snails that can overpopulate the tank and keep their numbers under control . 
  can you elaborate a bit more on this ? 
  manipulating what kind of sensations ? 
  what exactly do you experience ? 
  how old are you actually ? 
  when i was in my adolescent years i never understood why people give nature so much value and why for example a mountain scene , or a sunset at the sea evokes such a response in people . 
  as i 've gotten a bit older something inside me clicked i guess . 
  nothing can give me a sense of awe as a moment spent on top of a mountain looking against a vista as far as the eye can see . 
  i could n't imagine living in a huge city and not going out to nature from time to time . 
  i think he chose it more for the forced perspective of the girl trying to clog the factory with her hand , showing an idea of opposition towards it . 
  i 'm serbian and my internal monologue is often in english . 
  i even get problems speaking serbian because i often have to translate words to myself and sometimes get a little stuck . 
  side effect of being on the internet for too long . 
  trim the roots at the depth of the soil and plant it deep then pull the plant a bit upwards . 
  this will make sure the roots are straight . 
  they have one of these at a museum in my town . 
  i went once and asked if i could play it , and they allowed me to play it as long as i wanted . 
  the most blissful experience in my life . 
  scored medium in recreational . 
  seems about correct . 
  [ borborygmus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borborygmus ) is the sound , peristalsis is the cause of it . 
  looks gorgeous . 
  whats the temperature and lumen of that lighting ? 
  how good are led lights for this sort of thing ? 
  i imagine they 're expensive as hell . 
  are they ? 
  is this doable with a mouse ? 
  bosnia i believe . 
  what instrument do you play ? 
  great , i love percussion instruments , there 's some profound beauty in the dynamics and the tactile , raw feeling of playing percussion . 
   thoughts on money v happiness ? 
  my view is that at the end of your life , on your deathbed the thought that drifts into your head wo n't be `` i should have had more money , more possessions or more power '' but rather , `` i should have understood the world and life more , spent time meaningfully and enjoyed being alive instead of wasting life doing stuff i do n't like to attain things i do n't need . '' . 
  that 's just me though , i assume someone with less curiosity and a more pragmatic overview would n't share my view . 
  you are a master . 
  hemianthus micranthemoides , the reason the stems are so elongated and not as compact as people like them to be is cos of the lighting . 
  its a gorgeous plant when it grows into a more bushy look . 
  they probably can . 
  you should try trimming it low once in a while , every new sprout at the trimmed spot will divide in 2 so you can create a more compact look . 
  hm is usually too tall to be carpet plant , its more of a middle layer type of plant , unless your tank is really big so in that case it might work . 
  hemianthus callitrichoides is the one that 's usually used as a carpet . 
  as far as i know , small joint manipulations are forbidden in mma , so you would n't be allowed to use any technique that 's applied to the wrist joint . 
  this would eliminate a bunch of techniques from the repertoire . 
  aikido should n't mettle with mma anyway . 
  philosophies are too far apart on the spectrum . 
  [ totally ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohem4lgky8k ), 
  i 'm curious to hear how that sounds after all the post processing . 
  i like the landscape , looks very believable . 
  well done . 
  very pareidolic cliffs . 
  i love the style . 
  riccia is gorgeous but i found it insanely difficult to keep it from floating away regardless how you tie it down . 
  it seems fine for a couple of months and then all hell breaks loose . 
  i have a currently 63 discharge witch which is working out pretty ok . 
  i can now remove volls in favor of carcass jack ( ? ), 
  which would ease out things a bit . 
  at the moment discharge of 6 power charges , 3 endurance and 3 frenzy deals around 6k damage and i can often shoot back to back discharges often excluding power charges on the 2nd strike . 
  pretty fun build , looking forward to getting that power charge gem . 
  as someone with crohn 's whose diet mostly consists of potato and rice , i wan na live in peru .
