  how much zoom does an iphone have ? 
  what a lovely man . 
  his enthusiasm is quite contagious . 
  i might be mistaken but i think juji means cross as well as 10 . 
  where is this from ? 
  it 's only a matter of time now . 
  i 've been stuck having low light for years , and the only plant that managed to form carpets consistently was marsilea hirsuta . 
  it grows slowly however , and in the first few months may barely move , but then it bursts and starts spreading everywhere . 
  i 'd definitely consider it if i was op . 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  i had it drop a gcp and 2 chisels once . 
  ground slam marauder with cast on melee kill - detonate dead . 
  also viper strike . 
  for me it would be my dual curse ee fire trap burn build with tons of aoe increase . 
  the damage output is insane and you can 1 shot map bosses with proper play . 
  can you link your skill tree ? 
  i 'm planning an acrobatics build myself and i 'm curious about certain things . 
  i have a fire trapper in dom league around lvl 81 ~ . 
  i use lightning trap with quality added lightning and proliferation to proc ee and shock stack everything , then i toss a fire trap and everything burns . 
  the damage is pretty high and i can 1 shot some map bosses if there are mobs around to proliferate shock from . 
  the only downside is that it 's somewhat squishier so i try to run arctic armor and enduring cry immortal call combo on my cwdt . 
  i also use 2 curses , flamability and ele weakness by wearing windscream boots . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , being a templar and having your main skill be a dex one is terrible , i use atziri 's foible because of this and because it 's just an amazing amulet . 
  why rt ? 
  if you 're going ci vp you might aswell abuse a ton of crit aswell . 
  i have ele reave build with rebuke of the vaal . 
  i run eb , mom chest and all of the aura reservation nodes except the one under unwavering . 
  i have 0 damage nodes from the tree and it 's going pretty well atm , i 'm 81 . 
  find me another build that uses a 2 chaos weapon all the way to endgame . 
  elemental builds have n't changed , only cleave has . 
  you can still build around other skills . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.pathofexile.com/passive-skill-tree/aaaaagaba5yizxgwfsaxlxg8gyuzihqphnwdfb2qhpqkqiswkpoppspnlokvbzijnzi26trhoyg_j0ghrz1gcuritenokk99uwbvxlxwvi1br2bdzodsfmxgbj1uqm-ech1wu3jseqp-wx_ggfaapiiegsedcypbhtgiqojxj0atj5m6mucbtazxpwipbqw_rfmsf7qmtfk3pritvsfbxcm6ykrocc9l0ndze9rd2wvcv90n4yjjaudj6-7yrfba-ej60vsj_ev-cv6p ) is the tree . 
  i use high level clarity , wrath , anger , grace and tempest shield . 
  this leaves me at about 500 mana leftover for mom from the chest . 
  i also run arctic armor . 
  reave is linked to weapon ele damage , multistrike , increased aoe and conc effect . 
  i also use alpha 's howl for some of the auras . 
  i have considered it , but i have the taming ring so i get chance to shock from there . 
  leveling is a bit slower now and i 'm not really sure where to go from here . 
  i 'll probably grab some chaos resist or block passives , or even life regen so i can run blood rage . 
  static blows is still on the table , but my damage is pretty good as it is so i 'm not gon na rush it . 
  ambu 's charge for example vendors really well, 
  actually quality on curse on hit is amazing , it 's just that the gem itself is bad . 
  so if you use [ cloak of flame ] ( http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/cloak_of_flame ) aswell you could get ignited by physical damage aswell ? 
  does n't look like an hdr to me . 
  the colors have been adjusted though . 
  i think it would have been better if he let the foreground plant cover the entire tank instead of leaving a sharp cutoff like that . 
  it appears unnatural . 
  just my opinion though . 
  do n't feel bad for not being able to fathom what it 's like not being able to think recursively . 
  most if not all of `` special '' mental states are hard or near impossible to comprehend qualitatively unless you 've experienced them . 
  think of what 's it like to be aphasic , or depersonalized , or depressed for that matter . 
  i think the reason why people ca n't fathom animal having mental states is tied to this issue as well . 
  as for recursion , is n't it clause embedded in clause , sort of a circular thought pattern ? 
  maybe it requires some aspects of theory of mind which animals do n't have ? 
  i 'm really curious in this as well . 
  i do n't think the schedules were made from information gained from much research , so it 's to be expected there is no logic behind them . 
  i noticed that some wider images get blurry if i watch them from too close . 
  if i back away a bit they become clear . 
  maybe that 's what you 're experiencing . 
  single target and decoy totem if you can get it . 
  i love the layout , nice use of non demanding plants . 
  nice use of rocks to create different levels of elevation as well . 
  i might not be seeing this right , but it looks like your anubias are buried into the soil . 
  from my understanding they should never be buried as they will stagnate and rot . 
  i used to tie them to a elongated rock and bury the rock so the anubias sits on the top of the soil but does n't float away . 
  he 's actually not making much sense , being very tangential in his speech . 
  source : i 'm serbian . 
  i feel like this room would be great for meditating . 
  well it would be hilarious if nato 's site crashes due to reddit traffic . 
  can someone tell me how do you view these in parallel view ? 
  it seems so utterly confusing . 
  you can disable postprocessing for less flashiness but that 's about it . 
  it 's just a long exposure shot , not hdr . 
  lightning strike aswell . 
  can you tell me how you deduced that ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  yeah pareidolia is a subset . 
  is that olympus mons on the top ? 
  yup , that tasted purple !, 
  you should check out the live version of this track then . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joehuj3hlee ), 
  worth watching whole , but the equivalent part is at 6:42 , gorgeous voice . 
  probably thinking of cast on crit ? 
  how do you deal with reflect without vaal pact ? 
  these dogs look terrified . 
  what do you mean when you say the dream will collapse ? 
  you wake up ? 
  please do this . 
  i and almost everyone around me expressed the same complaint about never needing this level of maths while going through school . 
  i wish i had someone to show me the applications then so i would n't have to relearn all of it now at 25 . 
  how do you view these to get the correct depth ? 
  i think those were rabbits . 
  what camera did you use ? 
  if you have stabilization enabled for these long exposure shots you 'll get some blur . 
  maybe siamese algae eaters ? 
  they are great for handling black brush algae that most other fish wo n't touch . 
  amano shrimps and siamese algae eaters are usually capable of holding bba under control from my experience . 
  i found bleach too hardcore of a solution and it is n't permanent either . 
  what 's the relevance of `` experiencing profound insights '' related to psychosis ?
