  the fear, 
  i 'd kinda want to go on a hike across that entire peak . 
  wow, 
  a blue siamese fighting fish ( betta splendens ) . 
  amazing, 
  this always happens when im high , i find hte common language of all species, 
  i 've mostly dwelved into electronic music recently . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciq19br0h9e ) some melodic leon bolier masterpiece from me . 
  i would so wan na live on that farm, 
  this happened to me at a wedding , i was pretty high and wanted a slice out of every cake . 
  ended up making tons of mess and bending the knife . 
  thanks for this science friend, 
  mt doom almost, 
  my hands are sweating, 
  bubbleception !, 
  seriously though , this is an amazing picture . 
  what camera and lens did you use ? 
  yes that makes it rather interesting , especially though because ... i know for sure china has very old texts about uses of cannabis , and i think it probably transmitted to japan as well . 
  the problem is the propaganda that was too hyped about it in the 20th century so they actually changed the name by people know it . 
  people do n't actually know its even the same plant . 
  sorry for my english im high : d, 
  great scenery !, 
  toblerones are amazing !, 
  should be fine as long as you do n't stay in it for way too long, 
  good luck with this buddy , objectivity is hard to attain these days , i hope you succeed . 
  is it [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/vovrm ) place ? 
  such a fantastic place, 
  this mans speaks the absolute truth, 
  scenery like nowhere else in the world . 
  great picture !, 
  reminds me more of fear and loathing cover heh, 
  great picture, 
  surreal place , wish it was a bigger resolution though, 
  i advice you not to test this for yourself . 
  i have close relatives battling the addiction for years now , its truly hell on earth in every way imaginable . 
  i advice you to check [ hoffman 's potion ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saqjx-ap0jc ) if you want to know more and to understand it from a side of doctors and psychiatrist 's pov in treatments and understanding of mental illnesses , treatment for alcoholics etc. 
  great documentary, 
  great image . 
  love the color settings . 
  could i bother you to answer me what was the shutter speed for this and if you used flash or not ? 
  looks like glosso , tenellus and perhaps riccia fluitans tied down, 
  myriophyllum aquaticum , pretty common plant here ( east eu ) in shops . 
  american 's law reasoning is sometimes hard to comprehend, 
  beautiful scenery , great shot . 
  good job, 
  i sure would , please provide . 
  now i 'm hungry , fk, 
  also improving my rolling skills , how 'd i do ? 
  i 'll try to take a few more pictures and post them till tomorrow, 
  contact high works, 
  i think its s01e04 called `` the promotion '', 
  yeah i 've realised that iron dosing is important if you want red plants , also the light color matters a lot . 
  this tank came to be as i had remains of riccia that i was n't gon na use and i hated throwing it away . 
  also got a 100 ~ litter tanks that i 'll post as soon as i clean it up a bit , its having some algae issues . 
  as someone who dives a lot in the summer with my eyes opened ( no mask ) , i have a fail proof excuse every time . 
  indeed . 
  can op tell us perhaps which camera he used for this ? 
  wow !, 
  you really do, 
  laudations my good man . 
  wow i 'm sorry . 
  i was pretty high trying to remember it and i guess it did n't turn out well . 
  thank you !, 
  there is no co2 injection in this tank as there is no fertilization . 
  just a hang on filter , 1 cfl bulb and water . 
  i also do n't do water changes , its pretty hot these days so water evaporates rather fast so i just add the excess water . 
  it was all submersed when it started . 
  thanks !, 
  riccia was first tied down onto slim rocks with a thin string , then tied down with a mesh that goes over the whole tanks as a double protection as riccia can be really hard to keep down . 
  the cfl bulb is around 20w , 6500k and i think somewhere around ~ 900lm . 
  now begins my quest to acquire these snails . 
  i have that too , mine usually have vague texts that are really hard to understand . 
  i 'd ` shop them out, 
  simply amazing, 
  longer exposure and camera shake i 'm guessing, 
  [ 10 ] should be absolute highest ever possible . 
  objective not subjective , 
  what was the actual thing that the camera was pointing to though ? 
  i wan na run to that summit . 
  gorgeous place, 
  as someone who had to experience gastroscopy 5 times within 3 months by 5 different doctors , i can totally relate to this . 
  none , i 'm guessing mostly cos i 've got gastroduodenal crohn 's which kinda works differently . 
  wait what , to use on them or as a payment ? 
  what is this world, 
  afaik , herbal marijuana has tons of different chemicals , thc is only 1 of them . 
  it is unknown how many other chems from it affect the body and that 's where the problem for synthesizing it lies . 
  do n't you wonder how come we have n't seen anyone from the future then ? 
  someone would be bound the slip and get uncovered . 
  the only going to future makes more sense imo, 
  wonderful sky, 
  very nice drawing skills , gj, 
  happened to me , and i actually wanted to write it down as i was in my room , but then i was like ... wait how do i word this , and figured out there 's no way to put it into words . 
  language is just insufficient . 
  is this just a really low f number or its that effect that produces really shallow dof whose name i ca n't remember ? 
  that turtle 's face expression !, 
  she knows . 
  i find hdr to be generally good if its the saturation and the overall tonemapping of the picture is done for it to have a natural look . 
  i have deep envy for you right now, 
  if you have a canon camera there is a software upgrade called chdk that lets you expand the limitations . 
  my camera 's default limits are 15 secs exposure at its longest , but with chdk i can span it up to 2048 secs .
