  there 's truth in that . 
  can you tell which one comes first ? 
  for example have you ever experienced a taste through a word , but the actual taste was n't known to you before that , as in you 've never actually eaten something like that . 
  and then later in life you discover it and you make the link . 
  cigarettes hardly do anything mentally do n't they ? 
  outside of keeping you in an endless loop of wasting money on them . 
  i spent way more time on this than i expected . 
  the game was legendary . 
  the drawing is spectacular and brings back huge amounts of nostalgia . 
  well done . 
  i do n't see why is everyone spewing hates on tesla all of a sudden . 
  the man had great contributions to the modern world as we know it . 
  sure he was wrong at certain stuff , but his mental capacity was confusing that it 's to be expected he 'd eventually go batshit insane and sway his theories into something out of reality . 
  not surprising as there are delusions for pretty much anything you can imagine . 
  epilepsy warning . 
  it still gets her high though, 
  op has a bionic eye with a camera and an internal hard drive connected wirelessly to the pc . 
  no myth , it works 50 % of the time . 
  ga should be straight up deleted from the game . 
  it promotes ill style of play . 
  doing good should be a reward in itself . 
  you do n't need anything material attached to it . 
  adding materialism to it will distort the idea and corrupt the feeble . 
  3200 iso and there is so little noise . 
  i really need to get a dslr . 
  lovely shot btw . 
  yep , but almost any dslr will handle it better than my s95, 
  you can smoke everywhere , but if you get caught ... 
  i like your photos m8 . 
  that 's why you search for causation . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  do the papers pass through each other or just fit into pockets ? 
  i feel like i 'd drop this easily . 
  i 'll be glad if i never have to experience them in my life . 
  i do n't , but my brother is a heroin addict so i meant more in that sense . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eoslc.jpg ) something for you . 
  the plants look really healthy , good job . 
  what 's the reason behind the plastic foil covering the top ? 
  even if you fed hitler with lsd every other day , it would n't make him change his ways . 
  i see where you 're going with this but you 're oversimplifying the issue . 
   had an encounter with some white fungal fuzz that i was able to suppress but not remove completely . 
  i strongly suspect that it 's caused by excessive humidity . 
  this is true . 
  i found it vital to let a small bit of the top uncovered to avoid the white stuff forming . 
  it wo n't affect the humidity and the plant growth . 
  pot works for me , even as a joint once or twice a week . 
  the aftereffects on appetite stick with me for days afterwards . 
  wonderful . 
  at times i think this subreddit is just ~ 10 places being reposted over and over again . 
  its great to see something new . 
  people rather stick for social interactions than abstract concepts such as grammar . 
  empathy is in our nature . 
  what sort of lighting was this shot on ? 
  i love the texture and sharpness of the leaf . 
  my only correction attempt might be that you could have gotten bit more of the leaf in focus and that you could have maybe cropped it bit differently . 
  peace . 
  the closing of the book seems rather correct tho . 
  i briefly studied with one of o'sensei 's students and i recall that he talked how it was really hard to understand his teachings . 
  he says the explanations for techniques were rather disappointing too . 
  try to shoot a wider exposure range and shoot at times when the scene is lit better in case your camera ca n't handle very high dynamic ranges . 
  if you want a realistic look its best not to introduce many artificial light angles in underexposed areas . 
  this gives it a rather unnatural look . 
  its gon na be another 40,000 years before it even gets near to any celestial body . 
  why is reddit always under paranoid delusion that every post is about karma ? 
  but people do n't . 
  what are the best munchies ma man ? 
  depth perception issue . 
  can you tell me what else did you do besides desaturating it ? 
  thanks . 
  this makes me warm and fuzzy . 
  i love you . 
  you do n't need an airstone if your plants are alive . 
  they produce all the o2 your tank needs . 
  this guy has the best youtube channel there is . 
  its some dutch best booty contest iirc . 
  i do n't have time to search it but that should help a little . 
  once you 're high its amazing . 
  well i am officially teased . 
  thunder clap !, 
  i 'm curious . 
  what happens if you try to approach person 's delusions with reason ? 
  brain is an organ and it can get diseased like any other organ . 
  at had good times for several years . 
  met some great people there . 
  can you speak or comprehend any other language other than english ? 
  [ `` patients who recover from wernicke 's aphasia report that , while aphasic , they found the speech of others to be unintelligible . 
  and , despite being cognizant of the fact that they were speaking , they could neither stop themselves nor understand their own words . 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/receptive_aphasia ), 
  what a nightmare . 
  it 's actually quite bizarre how many dates are there that are supposedly the end of the world . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dates_predicted_for_apocalyptic_events ), 
  people 's obsession with this is almost pathological . 
  i thought everyone who smokes noticed this on their own . 
  good to have some science backing up anecdotes though . 
  if it were only that simple ... 
  i 'm not from belgrade , but i believe that if you go upwards from the train station through nemanjina street you should be able to see some half destroyed buildings with wires dangling about and broken windows etc. 
  well , none of our banknotes have a political figure on them . 
  it 's all artists , scientists , respected historical figures etc. 
  i was unaware it 's a practice to put politicians on banknotes until you brought that up . 
  it 's amazing how the city mayor completely missed the point of the event .
