  earthporn has a tendency to hate on overly tonemapped hdrs such as this one . 
  as an artistic interpretation from the artist its lovely but as a representation of the earth it does n't really fit . 
  sounds like a good advice, 
  these are great , well done !, 
  how much post processing is needed to make something like this ? 
  yes it is, 
  this is a great shot, 
  now i 'm curious , why is it not allowed ? 
  private property or something else ? 
  looks like a beautiful place, 
  innate creativity for the lucky ones , and drugs for the rest, 
  did you try to make a panorama and did n't fix the exposure or something ? 
  amazing spot though, 
  hey no need to apologize , sorry if my overly perfectionist mind made you think like i 'm judging you < 3, 
  i can relate . 
  though its not much of a problem other than aesthetics, 
  true that . 
  i 've got multiple liver abscesses and even that seems to be related to chrons . 
  did you consider getting a vaporizer ? 
  and every time you start telling them , they refuse to listen, 
  i think it was more like 25 . 
  but from neuroplasticity pov it changes throughout life . 
  i 'm not in any means an expert in any of this but , if siblings donated the marrow , and crohn 's has a genetics involvement , would n't that make it so that the siblings could have probably had it too , hence making the transplantation rather pointless ? 
  its not universal , its just a coincidence . 
  science says so, 
  are you curious ? 
  moderation is the key, 
  you meant sentience right ? 
  the sky in the first photo is simply amazing !, 
  as any psychedelics user could tell you , tons . 
  its called [ circumhorizontal arc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circumhorizontal_arc ), 
  this is great , i 've been wanting to try a dry start tank for a while now . 
  good luck with this , it looks great !, 
  no photo can really show the full beauty of any place like this, 
  hc looks like its nicely progressing . 
  amazon sword might end up being too big for this tank . 
  if i were you i 'd stick with smaller leaf plants as it makes the tank look a bit bigger . 
  good morning human, 
  its not mine , i was merely trying to learn something on the internet and my thought process led me to it eventually . 
  searched on earthporn and was curious that there are n't many pictures of this imposing place . 
  this is the biggest resolution i could find sorry . 
  i think this is some simple color swap done . 
  the place is magical nontheless . 
  editing i guess ? 
  this is great , i love the color of the light breaking through from the left . 
  if there 's [ oc ] somewhere at the end of the title that means they took the picture , otherwise not . 
  # 1 what do you mean he started viewing the scene with increased detail . 
  did he actually hallucinate it ? 
  no amount of info will bring you any bit closer to understanding what its like as its impossible to explain . 
  the visual distortions can be explained if you 're somewhat articulate but the internal sensations and the distortions of the self are simply ineffable . 
  its something that has to be experienced . 
  however its an extremely potent chemical that should n't be taken lightly . 
  shitty serbia here , they still air it here aswell . 
  cannabis if you 're over 18 . 
  i like the processing , nice photo, 
  hardly , guppies are quite small and do n't show much interest in chasing other smaller creatures around the tank . 
  you should value this question based on the size of the fish and their aggression . 
  big fish will definitely chase and try to eat shrimps if they can catch them . 
  fungi will inherit the planet eventually . 
  i wonder how it compares to getting your chest bone drilled with a hand drill that i was unlucky to experience once . 
  oh , that kind of coke ... 
  is this somehow related to the white liquid called bismuth that is sometimes drank in order to relieve some gastrointestinal issues ? 
  this is amazing . 
  it certainly is reminiscent of burial 's work . 
  every stoner 's dream . 
  those rolling hills remind me of home and i 'm not ever from ireland . 
  thanks for answering before i asked . 
  it was dog . 
  its you , its a matter of perception . 
  if you are accustomed to looking at faces of people different than your `` race '' the brain will eventually get better at face characteristics recognition and you 'll notice the change consciously . 
  looks wonderful !, 
  what 's so unique with these ada tanks that they form fantastic scapes almost effortlessly ? 
  lovely , i really like the tone of it . 
  i do n't think you can say scarra is arrogant . 
  i liked toyz 's analysis , great insight and he is very articulate . 
  is n't it just empathy , slightly hyped up ? 
  i very very rarely see people do this kind of painting nowadays . 
  this is not amano 's work , its n. batuhan bayram from turkey in the 2010 aga contest . 
  as well as the rest of the world , eventually . 
  bizarre , really ? 
  i figured most people do this . 
  you do n't need language to think . 
  yep , this is the issue with doing psychedelic drugs . 
  is n't buddhism more of a philosophy rather than a religion ? 
  can you `` fix '' people 's delusions and confabulations with hypnosis ? 
  by delusion i mean an irrational conviction that something is true even thought there is strong evidence to the contrary . 
  as far as i know , in psychiatry its almost forbidden to try and convince a delusional individual by providing evidence and reasonable and rational arguments as a person will always make up excuses to hold onto the delusion . 
  if you regress the questioning long and deep enough they will basically break down and start crying etc. 
  i 'm just wondering if there is a lowered threshold of person 's defenses while hypnotized so you can make them break the delusion . 
  confabulation is basically what you have described , a fake memory . 
  if you smoked a higher dose , what you 're experiencing might be the so called [ body load ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/body_load ) . 
  it looks lovely , but if i were you i 'd slightly tone down the exposure of the sky . 
  its bad for the teeth . 
  they dream of sounds and tactile sensations , same as their daytime life experiences . 
  how long has this tank been running on this particular setup ? 
  cyanobacteria can become a big nuisance and is rather hard to get rid of . 
  since your tank is n't that old i would consider restarting it . 
  nah , just drugs . 
  rebooting the immune system seems like a thing that would benefit all autoimmune diseases and not just ms does n't it ? 
  yes i 've practiced it , but i have to say that yonkyo overall is probably one of the least if not the least practiced and understood techniques in the art .
