  he has videos for those as well . 
  the bubbling or pearling as it 's called is due to influx of co2 via some external co2 tank . 
  in aquariums that do n't get additional co2 by these means you would usually only see pearling when doing water changes , but with addition of co2 they become more common , and quite beatiful . 
  some sort of workout for facial muscles ? 
  i added you , i 'll gladly explain whatever you need . 
  ign : freeqt, 
  europa universalis does n't work either , and a few other games . 
  i played poe since a few months after open beta , this problem appeared a few months ago . 
  i tried re downloading , reinstalling net framework , windows update , reinstalling windows , updating directx ( which seems to be giving me some errors now and it might turn out to be the source of the problems ) . 
  well after messing with dependency walker for a while and not getting any results , i gave up and tried reinstalling to a bit older 32bit windows . 
  this actually fixed my issue . 
  i did n't contact support so i do n't know how to help you . 
  he missed one at 5:58 to his right . 
  got ta catch them all . 
  sell it and buy currency for builds you want to make . 
  what are those white tiles ? 
  did you try flame surge as a single target option ? 
  i found it does a nice amount of damage on burning targets that would n't normally die from that 1 burn duration . 
  no , it 's somewhat new . 
  what helmet is that ? 
  those clouds are fantastic . 
  would vaal pact be a viable option to deal with reflect ? 
  quinn 's e has a very odd interaction with certain movement abilities sometimes . 
  what 's your build ? 
  some 6 months ago my sister woke me up in the middle of the night screaming . 
  there was one of these spiders on the stairs and she could n't go downstairs . 
  it was the biggest spider i 've ever seen . 
  i grabbed a book and slammed it and suddenly hundreds of baby spiders started running in all directions . 
  i freaked out and grabbed the carpet that 's on top of our stairs and yanked it straight through the door outside . 
  i did n't need that shit at 3am . 
  i love this movie . 
  i heard about this story on radiolab a while back and i was blown away . 
  how 's the book ? 
  you can buy the all metal pantorouter at ~ 1000 $ . 
  or you can buy the plans from matthias ' website and build one yourself out of wood if you wish so . 
  there 's an audio book with a pretty good narration as well . 
  martin shaw , i think the whole audio book is on youtube . 
  the story of beren and luthien really is one of the greatest stories by tolkien . 
  i wish i could experience it in another medium , but it seems very unlikely as it relies on backstory and ca n't really be condensed enough . 
  i received these boxes from the uk for a few years back in elementary school . 
  they made me very happy as a kid by getting all sorts of cool stuff and pictures of people and places i 've never seen before . 
  it felt sort of personal , but i feel bad now that i never had means to thank the people that sent them . 
  or of [ this machine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2zppzdcjbc ) . 
  probably sneaky 's reaction , he was in that game as well . 
  you might like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0paapfvnmp0 ) . 
  `` of the fate of ungoliant no tale tells . 
  yet some have said that she ended, 
  long ago , when in her uttermost famine she devoured herself at last . '', 
  just tolkien 's way of saying `` i 'll revisit that someday maybe '' . 
  can anyone explain to me what 's the deal with end grain vs edge grain cutting boards ? 
  i 've never seen endgrain boards where i live so it seems pretty confusing . 
  are n't you creating a lot of unnecessary potential troubles by gluing a lot of small pieces in such an orientation on endgrain boards ? 
  also is there a difference in the practicality of them ? 
  what is mind blending ? 
  iron board man ? 
  best laugh in the game as well . 
  it 's not , it 's spanish or portuguese . 
  i love his little purpose built cradle with the wedges . 
  it 's a new video , he has n't uploaded part 2 yet . 
  trim it as long as your substrate is thick . 
  japanese plane . 
  kanna , or hira-kanna is the smoothing plane , most common . 
  is n't a rip tooth pattern better for cutting dovetails ? 
  that dozuki has crosscut teeth . 
  i enjoyed that immensely . 
  i also saw some different techniques at doing things than i 'm used to and i loved it . 
  that 's only for crosscutting though , ripping seems like a more dangerous operation , what about that ? 
  hank is his brother . 
  these videos are discussions on complex topics between himself and his brother . 
  and here i am in europe where this saw is around $ 600 up to a $ 1000 . 
  sigh . 
  belgrade fortress perhaps ? 
  path of exile , not power of evil . 
  is this thing immune to crit ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever managed to crit him on my wander . 
  not price , it 's appreciate . 
  that looks absolutely amazing . 
  i have been planning a similar project for a while now that i 've been putting off . 
  i have a few giant slabs that cracked right down the middle so i was thinking of ripping them in the middle and rabbeting a piece of glass in the middle like you did to get the desired width . 
  the reason i 've been putting it off is i 'm really not sure how to design the legs for it since i want it all out of wood . 
  maybe this ? 
  not quite the same but it 's still wood being cut ( or planed in this case ) . 
  located in southeast europe and it 's a rather small plant . 
  it fits on all descriptions , i think you 're correct . 
  thank you very much !, 
  what comic ? 
  what 's wrong with oak slabs ? 
  i found this channel some time ago . 
  there are some great videos and even though i understand nothing of what is being said , they seem very thorough . 
  the next 2 videos in the series are great too . 
  [ http://woodgears.ca/slot_mortiser/index.html] ( http://woodgears.ca/slot_mortiser/index.html ), 
  add me on warbands , ign : uki . 
  i probably have some gear to give you as an upgrade . 
  i second this . 
  i use double sided tape for pattern routing all the time and it works great for me . 
  i however noticed that some tapes leave a gummy surface that 's annoying to clean but if you get the good kind it 's not a problem , and it holds quite well too . 
  what about vertical racking ? 
  are there any elegant solutions ? 
  yeah i stick a spacer in the bottom but it 's not elegant . 
  i think i can rework some of these ideas for my vise , this was immensely helpful thanks .
