nice capture , the weather fits so nicely in your theme, 
  i often get the urge to meditate and nicely enjoy the experience . 
  i think many ents think like this on meditation in some form . 
  this diverted my attention to it cos i 'm of my aquascaping hobby and those rocks would fit very nicely in some iwagumi . 
  very interesting shot !, 
  everything i get here is mostly sativa = /, 
  [ frans de waal : moral behavior in animals ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcjxrqts5nk&amp;feature=plcp ), 
  unreal place, 
  gorgeous shot !, 
  having my camera next to me at a sesh has made me produce some of the best pictures i 've ever taken . 
  i 'm loving it , great pictures , and the quotes too !, 
  anyone else hear him making 2 different notes at the same time ? 
  gorgeous bokeh in the top of the picture !, 
  breathtaking !, 
  loving it , really nice colors, 
  nice shot , though i think a bit longer exposure would make the water seem abit more interesting, 
  genius !, 
  create, 
  nah i meant more like , enhancing your creativity and doing creating things in life . 
  i find it a big thing, 
  as a fellow crohnie i still resort to being a `` criminal '' cos my country does n't accept medical mj . 
  also , weed = brandy , papers = glasses etc, 
  that 's a pretty sick picture m8 . 
  i always scout for good opportunities to take panning shots , i find that it 's really something you can only get good at with practice, 
  those are nice hills , where is this shot ? 
  in before she 's actually thinking about big philosophical questions and got insulted by the title . 
  kidding , lovely pic , great soothing colors, 
  a question : do they bruise blue when damaged ? 
  its teh filmmaker inside you coming to surface, 
  and in the heart of the cards, 
  rather new to reddit and the amount of all imaginable subreddits impresses me daily . 
  wow !, 
  that 's jaw dropping, 
  what happened with the j he took from the table tho , did you ask him ? 
  definitely looks like an hdr , tho not overly done , great job . 
  nice picture , though i 'd really like it if the sky was n't so overexposed, 
  i love arnej man , but that track somehow got under my radar , holy shit its amazing . 
  i 've always found that being high opens me up in a way that i 'm able to appreciate new music genres , so i listen to pretty much anything ... except dubstep . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7zvrkrpiqg ) is pretty sick , also search up some leon bolier , the guy 's a genius . 
  your short term memory is only fkd up while you 're high , it all goes back to normal once you come down . 
  it would n't make any difference if his brain sides are switched , also i 'm pretty sure the specialization of brain functions based on the hemisphere is n't as simple as people make it . 
  do you know any people that are over a 100 ? 
  that 's actually pretty nice , i could listen to it anyday . 
  i guess my concept of dubstep is abit flawed , i meant i do n't really appreciate all the heavy dubstep filled with wobbles and stuff . 
  thanks for correcting me , 
  brings it out in those predisposed , due to the `` psychedelic '' nature of weed , same thing with acid . 
  rofl , how long did this take ? 
  the very middle of the picture reminds me of a compact camera with the lens in the middle . 
  very engaging , amazing picture . 
  amazing , nice composition !, 
  omasnica as in , the small place around krusevac or trstenik ? 
  knew a couple of people from there , great friends . 
  very interesting and mixed theme . 
  what 's causing the reflection in the bottom right ? 
  op nicely showed the only bad `` side effects '' of weed which is how it affects the short term memory . 
  stoned beginner neuroscientist . 
  i report the same, 
  very interesting, 
  just a question , what so harmful to the fish about adding them earlier than a week into the tank ? 
  i find this disgusting and cruel . 
  for me this defeats the whole purpose of this hobby . 
  did you give any thoughts about hardscape ? 
  hm , interesting . 
  i 'm more into planted tanks so my tanks usually start heavily planted , with carpet plants and everything . 
  does this change the cycling process abit ? 
  i found marsilea hirsuta to be rather easy to grow , even with moderate lightning and diy co2 and no fertilizers . 
  it just takes some time to start off and it grows rather steadily after . 
  rocks , wood or anything that you can use to give any outline and depth to the tank . 
  i 'm assuming you 're gon na flat out the substrate and plant the plants everywhere ? 
  adding some rocks and wood for me is essential for a good planted tank . 
  and over here we use them as a salad . 
  well just the leaves , of a bit younger plant . 
  tastes nice and supposedly healthy, 
  gorgeous place !, 
  well , usually its better if rocks are of the same type as it looks more natural in the tank . 
  try to look for some with interesting textures and shapes and different sizes . 
  now , on the way you are going to put them down , be creative , or you could read up some stuff on iwagumi tanks as they explain some interesting concepts and ideas . 
  you 're welcome , i 'm always willing to help people that gain interest in this hobby . 
  i hope you discover and see that it 's also an art form . 
  in the what ? 
  i say even this man , at a [ 3 ] or so would have had a big smile on his face . 
  believe in everything you see on tv !, 
  - j edgar hoover . 
  lovely colors in the sky !, 
  this place is gorgeous and it 's posted here pretty often , yet there is never a higher resolution picture . 
  until i get there and take a picture of it myself , i 'd like to have a nice desktop picture of this for me to enjoy . 
  great shot !, 
  i am high and i can confirm that it does indeed look like a face , a bit of a snowman 's face to me . 
  not sure if its a speaker though . 
  that 's a pretty peculiar looking place . 
  nice picture !, 
  please elaborate, 
  i thought its a metaphor for war in some way , but i guess that nasa one makes sense aswell . 
  i 'd prefer a riccia fluitans carpet any day , even though its rather hard to manage , its a gorgeous plant, 
  and indeed that cat is pretty , so is the dof , good job . 
  gorgeus place . 
  i often like to capture some more info in the sky though . 
  not sure if this was your original idea there was simply no way in capturing it ? 
  that expression is priceless !, 
  this is just great , good job !,
