  defense will still be defense and not something you mess with, 
  the money saved though, 
  nearby shelbyville also has a nuclear plant i 've heard, 
  i assume that countries who want to would keep a small but elite military force to be able to do their own thing if they see a reason to do so . 
  we 're talking about defense here , do n't be ridiculous, 
  in the context of a possible eu army , it 's safe to assume that some of the production would land in the netherlands , bringing jobs and savoir faire to your country while cutting costs and strenghtening the common market . 
  how can the us compete with that ? 
  then there 's no intervention in mali by the eu army what kind of question is that, 
  how can we know that , without those maybe two million more migrants would have arrived , or maybe not , but there 's no definitive answer unless you 've got solid studies to support either side, 
   most of our major equipment is american . 
  so you 'd rather keep paying top dollars for american equipment that is n't even their best stuff , gotcha . 
  you think that one country would decide what to do alone ? 
  at least try to find decent arguments this is ridiculous, 
  we 've got the biggest army , we 've got the nukes , this is not happening, 
  nah an eu army would definetely let greece get invaded for some reason validating this kind of irrational skepticism, 
  [ best hook of the year at 1:05 lmao ] ( https://soundcloud.com/asapferg/nia-long ), 
  as a chocolatine country expat in infidel land , i often get weird reactions when i drop the word , it 's exquisite to see plebeians shocked by sophistication, 
  looks like trump sucking a trumpet even, 
  they only do this for hard to understand english titles and make them easy to understand while still displaying the fact that it 's an american/english movie, 
  i agree , it should have been longer . 
  lyon here , i have n't spent an unecessary second outside in a week , this is getting ridiculous . 
  for real , our mechanics are solid , fucking le mans was this week end . 
  they decided to fight the world twice , got close each time , and we still let them be a country lol, 
  never had any issues with them in lyon , but it 's usually small packages or i can be home quickly if i 'm called . 
  seriously we always like to complain about the service we get on most stuff , but it 's still really good . 
  our infrastructure does n't have many issues , public transport is solid , health care too , telecoms are competitive , etc. 
  easy , they want to know what 's going on in the countries they run, 
  second one looks royalist as fuck, 
  the guys who did the major attacks in france were trained, 
  for real thinking about it , we must be the people who see the most regularly soldiers patrolling their cities, 
  honestly you get used to it , i live near the part dieu train station in lyon , so i see soldiers patrolling almost daily but i do n't even `` see '' them anymore . 
  if it helps at least in a way it 's worth it in those challenging times because they 're not a hindrance to anything . 
  we ca n't really elect jean-mi the pmu populist with no government experience either to have a functional state, 
  rendons sa grandeur a la france, 
   and the establishment didnt want melenchon . 
  the establishment just does n't want real leftists in power , that 's why they let the fn be , because that populism takes support away from the far left and is too easy to defeat in second rounds , while m\u00e9lenchon would have had a shot, 
  even if he was elected as the less shitty option , it seems more and more obvious now that he might be the smartest person we elected as president in a long while . 
  more eu integration and maybe some change brought with it, 
  war is on the way out , functional democracies do n't attack other functional democracies , as soon as russia grows out of its authoritarianist mood we 'll be good . 
  fuck that balance , the eu was as unpopular as ever, 
  no , we do n't need the immobilism they bring to the table . 
  now that the eu finally looks like it has a direction , we ca n't let them block everything again . 
  nobody wants to invade russia anymore . 
  please no, 
  yeah , lobbyists have too much power on this in the us , and basically no consumer protection so the consumers get fucked, 
  yeah , mitterrand is their reagan, 
  m\u00e9lenchon did , mlp took the `` i 'm angry about this '' voters, 
  agreed , fils de pute is where it 's at, 
  wow , that makes me incredibly curious about what would happen under such a regime . 
  heh , that 's on them for sucking too much to create a reasonably sized opposition, 
  we 've known for 15 days it 'd be a lrem landslide , and yesterday was hot as fuck , so it was expected . 
  indirect election in which the voters are elected officials like municipal councillors , departemental councillors , regional , mayors , etc. 
  le pen might not even keep the head of her party , fn will never get the power in france , quit worrying about silly shit like that . 
  that 's the `` fuck the right '' constituency, 
  yes , centrism has been historically quite powerful , a former major party was udf : the party of giscard d'estaing which often worked in coalition with the right wing . 
  centrism is a cheat code !, 
  overwhelmingly large hadron collider, 
  [ muskatnuss herr muller ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydw2mhjdimk ), 
  les guignols ' glory years , good times, 
  lmao french people have n't let the roman catholic church mess with legislation for over a century , but they 'll defenitely hand it all over to another religious minority now with this change to a government more on the right than the previous one , it seems possible in one of the most anticlerical countries out there get educated , it 's the easiest to stop being seen as stupid on the internet , no bamboozle, 
   lots of people on the french internet ( since i ca n't speak for the whole population ) seem to dislike him ( and that does n't mean they prefer le pen ) . 
  people who want to complain are far more likely to do it publicly on the internet than people who actually support macron , who have no motive to share that info , no leader is going to have the internet 's support, 
  pro business , pro further eu integration , wants to deregulate the job market , etc, 
  he left the ps like a decade ago, 
  nerf guns, 
  yeah , they do n't have the excuse of being a 70 years old who has been surrounded by yes men all his life, 
  that 's what the senate is for, 
  100 % pro this , this is a war , we ca n't give them the chance to come back , they 're much more dangerous than any other isis fighter without any sort of influence in france : deal with them first pragmatism in action, 
  they are n't judged so there is n't even a debate if they deserve it , they decided to wage war on the institutions that would protect them , that 's on them, 
  do n't sign up to become an enemy of the country , it 's pretty fucking simple is n't it ? 
  but no , these pieces of human garbage got ta wage war on their compatriots : none of us will blink , it is n't pretty but this is war, 
  italy ? 
  argentina ? 
  pekin in french too, 
  fuck yes fuck yes fuck yes, 
  chirac made us all proud when he called out bush 's bs, 
  false equivalency again, 
  how can a person with a french flair spell marseille this way, 
  yeah it 's almost as if the movement was infiltrated and turned into bullshit from the inside i wonder if the alphabet boys would want to do such a thing, 
  ah the emotional point , right on time, 
  or a piano could be dropped on him, 
  this needs a map of total meat consumption as well, 
  you still are , you 're called that because of your shitty way to cook it . 
  you do n't need to be bailed out if you do n't operate with a huge governmental deficit and have the massive debt that comes with it . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the situation in bulgaria on this is n't comparable to greece or portugal , at all . 
  why would japan be a target ? 
  let 's not act like this would ever happen , nukes on both sides . 
  nk obviously , iran most likely wo n't escalate stuff with reformists in charge . 
  while chubby iii is already looking threatening . 
  lmao that 's what you wanted your sovereignty back for ? 
  have fun when the eu is n't there to put a stop to their bs anymore, 
  yeah i have empathy for people who 'd like to leave , i took the chance of getting out as soon as i got it and i wo n't regret it , even when i go back for a couple of weeks to see my folks i feel the need to leave a few days before i actually do , and it 's not because i have problems with my family or anything , i feel like i do n't have anything new to see/do there . 
  the end of the cold war and dislocation of a superpower was kinda done in a hurry and did n't account much for the people inside the borders even as a liberal i can see this, 
  the left is dishonest because they act like they want to liberate the people but only the few tens of millions around you , fuck the rest of the world , our enemy is what lifted billions out of extreme poverty in fucking half a century , the greatest feat in human development in a ** long ** while the socialists ' only use is to keep liberals in check and maybe bring new debates to the discussion but they should n't be allowed to rule anymore, 
  dude if there is a real debate about changing to this we need to organize, 
  he needs macron to go down to then go up, 
  i have no idea how young people can handle living in and around rural small = / 5k people cities ( with about 20k people `` depending '' on the city ) these days, 
  yeah that 's it i picked a high school with a boarding school in a bigger city and an optional subject that was n't in my city 's high school to justify it but really i mostly wanted to get the fuck out of my boring small city, 
  clearly the overwhelming majority of french people do n't want them anywhere near power , in that regard it 's fair that they do n't get many seats . 
  got the fuck outta there at 17 , and was only there like half of the time from 14 to 17,
