  we do n't , we did it with her father and now her , that 's it . 
  what i meant is that people were aware of what they were doing as presidents and said let 's keep it going , they have n't had the chance to do that with trump yet , his next election is in 2020, 
  hey , they both got 2 terms , democracy said ok, 
  yeah , because if they set up their own news like they want to , you wo n't know when they wage wars all over the world , jail or kill political opponents , make up stats to justify bad new laws , etc. 
  so we 're supposed to just say nothing ? 
  it 's not about working or not working , just calling a cat a cat . 
  i think the turnout for our presidential elections usually are really high so i 'm not too worried about that , everybody sees that this year is more important than most years . 
  well trump kinda is a threat to us democracy , because of his treatment of numbers , facts and journalists . 
  also , if she were to be elected , her party still probably wo n't have the control of the parliament , so we could see a real power struggle between the executive and legislative branches of our government , which would threaten the stability of our political system . 
  yes , but on the french political scene it 's a role in the shadows in a way , away from the public 's eyes . 
  yeah but he stays far away from taking any role with spotlight, 
  there 's usually a weak come back attempt like jospin or sarko , but villepin and raffarin disappeared , balladur too . 
  definetely , this is getting ridiculous . 
  the stakes seem higher than say , 10 , 20 years ago but we ca n't fucking talk about politics for a minute , it 's sidelines talk all the time . 
  why would he have a different stance ? 
  the primaries have nothing to do with the situation of lr and ps , without the scandal fillon would probably be cruising towards victory thanks to the primaries , and it 's been a lost cause for the left since like 2 years ago . 
  hollande won thanks to the legitimacy he gained by winning his primary . 
  no , they work like our presidential election , open to any registered voter , two rounds a couple of weeks apart , if nobody gets 50 % +1 after the first round there 's a second round with the first 2 candidates only . 
  and it 's a recent thing for parties to do that here , it was the first time done for the major right wing party , and the second time for the left wing party . 
  before only the party members voted if there was n't an obvious leader for the party . 
  yeah , but his party would have backed him anyway , there 's no point in doing a primary if your incumbent runs again . 
  unless the party establishment does n't support the incumbent but hollande is n't trump . 
  hollande 's career is already done, 
  i do n't think there would have been a primary if he wanted to run, 
  the party fucked up because they failed to bring in a new generation of politicians since sarko lost , the fillon/sarko/jupp \u00e9 duel could have happened 10 years ago , there 's no fresh face to bring in new excitement because the old crooks ca n't let go . 
  and there 's plans for reforms of unemployment benefits , retirement equality reforms , and bunch of other stuff . 
  it is n't efficient to keep hitting with one thing when her voter base does n't give a fuck about it , that 's why most criticism on trump did n't work , they did n't care . 
  they realized this here so they 're spending that time building up an opponent : macron . 
  that 's reactionary results because we 'd all rather see that , if he had to campaign for two weeks we 'd start to see realer numbers . 
  he 's gon na go full trump and accuse the media of giving fake numbers, 
  he was just catering to the qu\u00e9becois with the chauvinist support francophones are know for lmao, 
  the slap in the face it would be lmao, 
  or to not have his right voters vote lr, 
  so instead of trying different things we should protect the status quo that serves nobody but the politicians of major parties ? 
  so , if it does n't work we try something else . 
  are you satisfied with the immobilism the 5th republic brought ? 
  should we keep acting like abused wifes ? 
  `` maybe they 'll bet getter , if we keep voting for them maybe they 'll do what we want them to do . '', 
  basically they 're using the fear of change to keep the business going as usual . 
  trying again while expecting a different result is exactly what we 're doing already . 
  it 's not because it did n't work in the 4th republic that it 's doomed now as well . 
  there was a lot more instability within the parties then . 
  if all you want to see til the end of your life is the 5th republic 's parliament ruled by either lr or ps then that 's your call but i believe that france can do better for its citizens , it might not be in this way but i 'm not interested in a fixed system that obviously is n't working . 
  yes , more democracy is good , forcing politicians to work with different parties is good , we got where we are because of decades of the power being held between 2 parties . 
  giving a party a majority they do n't deserve is anti democratic . 
  funnily enough , neither are because there is n't one . 
  bayrou finally getting the opportunity to throw a giant middle finger to both the left and right with one move makes me happy for him . 
  they 've spent the last 15 years trying to drain a legit centrist movement and now he gets his revenge . 
  true , it 's the olympics , so i 'll be hyped wherever they are , especially new places . 
  but if it 's paris , it 's going to be a once in a lifetime experience for us sports fans here . 
  but they ca n't , it costs too much without the infrastructure of top countries . 
  we 've been in the running for too long , being close behind beijing and right after london as well . 
  a good bid is a good bid , and there are n't many others . 
  the rotation will start over between these countries . 
  maybe munich , then shangai , maybe toronto or surprising buenos aires , etc. 
  lmao if that was true they 're doing a poor job with the dominance of the rpr/ump/lr in french politics, 
  oh shit who took france , this is on !, 
  nah , [ the eyehole man will beat the shit out of you if he catches you with some of those ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2wivjubbjw ) . 
  that makes the whole driving with eye-holes experience that much more dangerous . 
  exactly , abortion is a possible medical choice , and then the government takes care of your medical bills . 
  i 'm not saying there 's no reason , but there 's enough information available to see that those candidates should n't give anybody confidence in making that choice . 
  a quarter of french people are dumb fucks , at least . 
  right ? 
  products of nepotism always think of themselves as being above the law for some reason . 
  that means making compromises . 
  that 's where the troubles start . 
  they most likely just did n't have data to show for 72, 
  edouard baer does the pompous parisian bourgeois accent so fucking well . 
  love that movie , a friend from high school used to be able to do the monologue from memory , too lit for cinema nerds . 
  that 's like our thing culturally , strikes and demonstrations turning into good ol cathartic riots or even revolutions if there was too much shit to go through it 's like a cleaner purge that is n't tied to a political system , with the * savoir faire * coming from 230 years of experience, 
  in some banlieues , they usually have as little contact with the population as possible so you can bet a * us vs them * mentality developed . 
  the agressive methods used by the bac officers often outrage people , minority youths probably make up most of the id controls performed by law enforcement , etc. 
  it 's not as big an issue as in the us with the regular dramatic events when more guns are involved but it 's not good either . 
  if that happens , the media will go hard on the eu fake jobs thing she has , because that 's a legit scandal she 's got there , and it 's neglected while they 're burning fillon . 
  we do share a history of political rebellion in the 19th century with those states . 
  and louisiana , of course . 
  aah the french politician special , she 's * so * different !, 
  probably not , most people understand the outrage, 
  lol the state of emergency is n't minority report, 
  think of the immense number of investments made within the economy that would be created by forgiving student loan debt . 
  * tito 2.0 : it 's working !!, 
  * ** 2018 ** worldwide, 
  lol that forecast , as if we could safely plan ahead , but it 's looking good, 
  lmao that 200 bill , that fish looks bummed as fuck, 
  god bless andorra and their 2.5 $ packs ( if it has n't changed in the last 2 years ), 
  i think people answering already knew they 'd put france as least arrogant , and thought that was arrogant of them . 
  their two parties system bit them in the ass, 
  shit , dude could get more `` presidential activity '' than jfk i swear, 
  you 're thinking about naples , no ? 
  ahhh i got confused for a second , he was probably thinking about naples . 
  not only are the auvergne volcanos asleep , but they 're quite far away from this city . 
  he 's trying to look smart, 
  marseille has always had to worry about marseillais lmao, 
  wait , i 've lived in lyon for 2 years , it is n't really , right ? 
  right ?? 
  which volcanos are we talking about here ? 
  all volcanos in mainland france are asleep as far as i know . 
  it 's pretty much a rivalry for biggest city of the province or the south and the battle of the olympiques in football , allez l'ol !, 
  woop woop fuck you marseille lmao, 
  * ouf * , for a moment i was afraid she actually wanted to win the election !,
