the [ quiche lorraine ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/medias/917/469865_quiche-lorraine-recette.jpg ) is n't really a pizza , but i think it deserves to be mentionned , because it 's delicious . 
  lardons , cheese , eggs and cream . 
  the fougasse could qualify as a kind of calzone , and there are lots of [ different kinds of fougasses ] ( http://cluster003.ovh.net/~letablie/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/fougasse-lardons-fromage-2.jpg ) . 
   you just try to present your opinions as progressive when you think you can get away with it , for example here . 
  how exactly ? 
  this is not the reason i 'm against it , i do n't base my opinion on stuff depending on who is making the proposition . 
  i 'm actually quite conservative on lots of stuff like immigration and more progressive on social issues mostly , like this one or marijuana regulations . 
  right ? 
  you got ta have dry fucking balls to believe in shit like that, 
  that 's true but that 's still a shady part of our history , the biggest with the algerian war . 
  well vichy france participated in sending jewish people to the death camps so it is . 
  pretty sure feminists have always been okay with women doing whatever the fuck they want with their body . 
  prostitutes demonstrating and asking for brothels to be re-open were a major feminist issue in the 60 's and 70 's , using the same points you just used . 
  i agree that modern feminism is going everywhere and nowhere at the same time and is often pointing fingers at stuff that should n't be a priority of that movement if that thing is even real , but putting blindly on their back the responsability of stuff they have nothing to do with is about as misguided as tumbler brats blaming the patriarchy for everything . 
  banning prostitution has been and always will be in the conservative agenda . 
  that 's a vicious circle , taxes get so high because they ca n't collect on a lot of labor , so people are less likely to create registered jobs so the state wants to collect more , etc. 
  sadly there does n't seem to be a way to start fresh in these situations without a complete system overhaul , and it 's incredibly difficult to make it happen so the situation stagnates . 
  that 's good news , a nation like spain getting in a situation similar to greece 's would probably be the end of the eu . 
  this is looking really greekier than i thought, 
  why stop there ? 
  surely napoleon deserves to have a say in this . 
  but it 's 2016 , and we 've got the third biggest stockpile of nukes in the world and the most powerful army in the european union sooo ... 
  if only she did n't have * an eye saying shit to the other one * . 
   you want a european islam it already exists in the balkans, 
  how about we let the ones who have nukes and an army decide . 
  this needs an update with lobbys added, 
  it 's to keep consummers alive working and spending, 
   treating smoking related illnesses costs the government a ton of money that 's a fake problem , they 'd have to pay for their death of old age as well and pay for their retirement until then . 
  governments do n't lose money on tobacco use , it 'd be illegal if they did , that 's why they keep putting bigger taxes on packs of smokes : to ensure it 's still a viable practice . 
  that 's probably skewed by the ridiculous ammount of smokes we buy in neighboring countries with cheaper taxes like andorra , spain or belgium . 
  you ca n't categorize totalitarian regimes the way you categorize parties from democracies, 
  technically , most ( probably all tbh ) latin based languages use a bunch of words with etymology going back to old greek so in a sense , yes . 
  cause they ai n't us, 
   why are/do/have / is/does/has ... french/france :  stop signs in english . 
  lol , because we also use the word in french, 
  we have so many different climates because of our prime position between the mediterranean sea , the atlantic ocean and the classic continental plains , with sprinkles of moutains here and there . 
  it 's a big country with a lot of variety as far as landscapes go , so we have a bunch of different climates as well . 
  no , it 's an hour of complaining about pointless shit . 
  we 're arrogant because we 're slim and french . 
  also , we 're not against gay marriage , some loud idiots are . 
  you 'd know that if you knew us . 
  honestly the phoney war was a missed opportunity from both the uk and us , mostly us . 
  you do n't declare war and then act like you 're still hoping for a peaceful resolution while waiting behind your borders . 
  if you declare war but do n't attack , you 're not really declaring war . 
  in that sense we betrayed poland and eastern europe for the first time then , they were getting fucked while we were waiting to see what would come next . 
  the military debacle that happened next is even worse when you remember that we had 8 months to prepare and do something , we did n't , we waited . 
  and we waited . 
  at the wrong fucking place . 
  the battle of france is probably the greatest humiliation military super powers suffered . 
  everybody involved in making the decisions that lead to this brought never seen before shame to their countries and destroyed both the french and british empires while betraying their allies . 
  and i aim to get married to margot robbie by this year 's end . 
  i think i have a better shot than them to achieve my goal , hollywood chicks are all over french guys . 
  i remember being surprised by the ammount of solar panels in th\u00fcringen when i went there for a few days ... in 2007 !, 
  they were everywhere in upper middle class neighborhoods . 
  oh we definetely do have some anti discrimination laws , they just do n't work the exact same way as in the states . 
  the different legal statuses of corporations and associations make that pretty much impossible . 
  plus , the racism in france is very different than in america . 
  it 's way less in your face . 
  a racist business owner would n't even want to do that , they 'd rather take your money than send your business to someone else even if they hate you . 
  and ideology , any ideology , on the workplace is usually looked down on , we keep that shit private most of the times unless it 's bashing the government . 
  if your only discriminating factor in allowing entrance to an event is based on race , religion , or sex , then you will get screwed in court . 
  in any western court at least . 
   we have these laws , but pretty much applied mostly to the business sphere . 
  they 're not a business , there 's no law against what they 're doing , someone would have used it if there was . 
  why are you trying to see this issue through the lense of the situation of american businesses ? 
  this is nothing like that !, 
  it 's just a french private group of citizens booking a place , setting a dress code and inviting people respecting it . 
  that 's it . 
   except it was n't a private function that 's the whole issue here , you refuse to see it was, 
  yo this is n't the states , foh with your protected class , we have our own anti discrimination policies a private function can deny entry to who they want here , that 's why we call it private , it 's to the person 's discretion it 's not open to the general public , it 's open to women wearing burkinis, 
  if there was a gofundme for this it would break records , we 're very generous in europe, 
  if you deny that there 's discrimination at the entrance of most nightclubs i do n't think i have i reason to keep up with this convo . 
  you want to be outraged ? 
  be my guest but it 's obvious to most who know the facts about this event that it 's a non issue . 
  it 's true , they wanted a general store there and only gave them the lease based on that agreement . 
  same thing would have happened if they decided to sell only fruits . 
  the city has a deal with the owners that to get the lease they had to be a general store . 
  they advertised their opening as a `` halal butchery '' . 
  it 's definetely not a general store , the lease should be canceled . 
   the thing is that it became a halal supermarket because not enough people bought pork and alcohol somebody should tell them about inventory management . 
  it 's a private event they advertised for , that 's different . 
  it 's still a private event . 
  and even if there was such a thing as a private public event , they can still have a dresscode . 
  what do you think bouncers are doing at the entrance of clubs ? 
  it 's booked by a private group dumbass , what 's hard to understand here ? 
  it 's like booking a nightclub for a night and letting only people you invited in . 
  basic stuff here . 
  it 's a private group of citizen , it 's not a business , they ca n't do whatever the fuck they want . 
  if you want to have a white only party in a place you booked it 's your right . 
  non issue : respect your lease or fuck off . 
  if my lease says i ca n't make holes in the wall then i 'm not making holes in my wall . 
  anyway , i 'll be hoping for the most peaceful resolution possible , too much blood is being continuously shed already, 
  the problem from our ( western countries ) side is perception , in our medias ' reports the purge is n't really clear : we do n't really know who 's against who so it looks way more messy than it probably really is so thanks for explaining to me a bit more in depth what 's going on, 
  [ history of the us army in the middle east ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqo1hicsvtg ), 
  huh , usual western youth stuff how come the people lets erdogan get away with pretty much anything ? 
  like what he 's been doing to the press and army lately ? 
  we 'd have huge riots here over that stuff, 
  definetely , but they ca n't let erdogan do whatever he wants either so it 's a tricky situation, 
  oh yeah , that 's definetely a serious army but the bear erdogan is poking controls the most advanced army ever assembled so it really does n't matter, 
  are you planning a freedom bringing trip again ?
