  why sexist ? 
  he probably decided to attack the solider who looked weaker physically , that 's logic . 
  just because it happens to be a woman does n't mean it 's misogynist . 
  if there was no woman but let 's say a man shorter than the other soliders , then that 's who he would have targeted . 
  nah man you do n't touch your family 's genitals friends ' are fair game though in the context of a * chat-bite * game lol, 
  it is , lots of good sign both in france and the ez as a whole, 
   it really feels like he does n't belong there . 
  how could that be lmao, 
  you did n't play chat-bite growing up ? 
  why would n't he want that ? 
  the process of eu integration is seriously fucking with russia 's influence in eastern europe and ability to make deals for the oligarchs he works for/with . 
  anything that goes against eu stability and unity is a win for him so that 's no surprise, 
  people will handle losing elections like they did before , i do n't understand what you think could happen . 
  you seem to believe we 're close to a civil war or some shit because the country is divided on political questions . 
  guess what , it has always been . 
  with how opportunistic the politician class is , a lot of moderates are going to flock to him for leadership positions within the presidential majority from both sides, 
  group a should really elect someone representing their views then . 
  have you killed any infidel yet ? 
  inquisition bitches , burn the texans albigeois, 
  that 's politics in the 21st century , hopefully if he 's elected he 'll actually go through with his plan to clean up the politician class here , we painfully need it . 
  in the heat , words like `` dumbass '' can get thrown pretty quickly , `` obviously '' is much much more polite lol, 
  he does n't need to take votes away from her , maybe solidify his base against fillon but it 's an important part of his huge european platform so it would n't be there if he did n't believe in it . 
  it makes sense to everybody , so i do n't understand the skepticism . 
  if it was an idea only supported by right wing voters i 'd be skeptic too , but it 's not . 
  [ macron proposed that just yesterday ] ( https://fr.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zr8sj/macrons_official_program_for_europe_in_french/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=europe ), 
  thanks , i remember now , as soon as i realized how violent it sounded i changed it , sorry for the name calling man, 
  well i 'm not , you need to get your head checked if you excuse any terrorism for any reason . 
  i 'm for policy change , we need an all eu effort to get tight borders asap . 
  good catch , thanks, 
  shit , i edited my comment before seeing your reply but do n't remember having written an insult , what was it ? 
  it was `` get fucking '' before i switched to `` start '' , maybe that 's what you took as an insult, 
  labor to sustain growth obviously , germany does n't produce enough workers anymore but people still want growth , either start fucking or accept foreigners it 's the same but at a lower degree for other developped countries , your population is more skilled but there still are jobs that do n't require much skills , we need workers to sustain our economy , it 's that simple, 
   was decried by everyone except for the supposed leader of the free world . 
  that 's why they 're bringing reform . 
  no change : unhapppy . 
  change : unhappy . 
  6 persons died , man , and you keep calling it a thing . 
  be more neutral about terrorism . 
  because riots and terrorist acts are comparable smh  this is just 1 thing commited by 1 person . 
  right wing terrorism is just a thing , no big concern here that 's frightening denial right there, 
  i 'm talking about an adminstration here , le pen does n't have one . 
  good thing he does n't run as a socialist then . 
  people feel that they do n't have a voice in europe because we voted no in 2005 but sarko still passed the lisbon treaty without asking . 
  it 's a different treaty , yes , but it 's still seen as an attack on our democracy . 
  yurop empire back at it again, 
  yeah , most realize he 's the candidate with a chance we need to elect . 
  well , if you keep supporting an administration that 's clearly here to rob the state yeah you 're a fanatic . 
  and one godwin point for gryffindor !, 
  yeah and far right supporters are [ all persecuted good people , ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/canada-mosque-shooting-suspect-a-fan-of-trump-and-le-pen-1.2957896 ) good talk , top tier whataboutism, 
  definetely , we all ~ ~ leave ~ ~ ** live ** in a kleptocracy of some degree , it just is n't as obvious and widespread as in russia . 
  her voter base just does n't give a fuck , they 're fanatics like trump voters who never gave a fuck . 
  they never looked good in the second but because of the brexit/trump results everybody is acting like we 're really close to make a similar decision . 
  did he divorce his wife first because she was a `` kike lover '' ? 
  that 's true , americans are so well protected with their guns no mass murder ever happens there, 
   and you respond to a stupid stereotype using another stupid stereotype . 
   i think that was his goal, 
  butter and ham only you filthy peasants or bechamel , cheese and diced bacon, 
  it will most likely be around 60 % this time around, 
  well , entre-deux-mers is known for making a good pair with seafood . 
  a dry white maybe ? 
  entre-deux-mers is my suggestion . 
  yeah he 's got nothing against the eu then what 's in it for them ? 
  the only friend he could get against the eu is russia , but he also needs nato as we say in france : he has his ass between two chairs, 
  fuck yeah , this might be what we need to mobilize the eu to get a real border control force . 
  let 's go turkey , keep the threats coming !!, 
  we just need to strike a deal with a country willing to talk with us on this . 
  once that 's done the logistics are definetely more than manageable with the ressources the eu has . 
  macron plans to make the labour market more flexible with various propositions . 
  my favorite is this one : allow workers who resign to get unemployment benefits , it 's a great proposition in my eyes because here 's what happens here way too often and paralizes the job market in this country : when you want to leave your job , you have to get your boss to fire you to get the benefits while looking for another job . 
  firing obviously costs more to an employer than an employee resigning so they tend to give more short term contracts than unlimited ones , and there 's the decreased activity of a worker trying to get fired penalizing the employer and whole economy even more . 
  also , you 'll lose the benefits after you do n't take two jobs fitting your profile , good proposition too . 
  if he gets elected , and he most likely will , there 's good chances that we 'll finally see a more dynamic labour market here . 
  for years the system has made economically encouraging for workers to try to get fired , how insane is that . 
  i even had to do it myself because you 're on your ass if you resign to try to find a better job that makes you happier . 
  there 's no dark side of the moon , only one away from earth, 
  except for the people at the end of the bombs and bullets . 
   and eat all the d\u00f6ner on my way !, 
  i wo n't have to change too many things then lmao, 
  stupid enough , and a lot definetely are it seems . 
  that 's where the confusion comes from , most commenters probably assumed you were talking about regular pills, 
  yeah , instead of campaigning on the reforms , which could get tricky , they just pull off the classic `` unite * nationality * against foreign oppressors under our leadership '' deflect move . 
  the execution is bold , but it 's still an old play . 
  i do n't get it , why do n't they just try to ... you know , make it work without acting like 7 years olds . 
  this shitshow was planned , they wanted conflict to put themselves under the spotlight and galvanize their support in an us vs them setting . 
  classic pill or morning after pill ? 
  i thought french inventor nicolas teslat created this one . 
  i usually look for `` gorilla warfare '' because of how hilarious it is to find it in different ways , it did n't work here but it 's too recognizable with context . 
  `` gorilla krieg '' is my favorite . 
  red rectangles as logos are common as hell in french medias . 
  states are gon na need taxes from somewhere as the working force will shrink and the government revenue from it as well , at that point our only force as the population will be as consumers so we 're gon na need to have money to spend . 
  automation tax and ubi will be necessary if we want a peaceful transition . 
  the state would make bank but nah !, 
  idiots ... 
  nepotism for the people , nobody cares about the hypocrisy if your name is le pen you 'll be good in this party . 
  most coutries have such an authority , there 's the supreme court in the states, 
  nah , people think she 's a bit slow, 
  yeah it makes sense , either we make it competitive or nobody will have a job in 50 years, 
  we all knew deep down , but he did n't plan on another strong ps candidate rising, 
  because he did n't threaten them , they could do their job and report what was going on without having conflicts with the administration . 
  go vote,
