  [ bush started the withdrawal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s.%e2%80%93iraq_status_of_forces_agreement ), 
  yes but forbidding all members of the party from holding public positions was dumb , because all competent public servants had to join the party at some point even if it was n't their ideology . 
  lol why do you project the us problems on france , our monetary system is n't backed by the petrodollars system making the us opec 's bitch we 've got other problems which she does n't adress , she 's a one issue politician who is n't aware about anything that goes on beyond her talking points , she showed that on multiple occasions you nationalists have to stop putting all your hopes on incompetent hacks , they wo n't lead you anywhere because they just wo n't achieve anything worth remembering i 'm sure there could be legitimate options from that side , but you keep flocking to the loud mouths who have no vision for some reason, 
  is america great again yet ? 
  exactly , voting for a socialist party filled with liberals can get confusing . 
  we 're finally going to have a left again . 
   frontrunner of the republican primary for some time if you remember and a black man who does n't recognize racial issues . 
  shit man , written down like that these parties are insane, 
  incredibly low bar you 're setting , you 're saying terrorists are worse than far right politicians yes indeed , if that 's what you want to compare , and not their actual political opponents, 
  / r/charlesmartel most likely, 
  if we make up rules as we go , it can be anything, 
  in the wider sense , associations , clubs and ngos are pretty close . 
  then there 's businesses but that 's very different . 
  without them , people organizing requires the authorities . 
  suggesting we 'd keep confidence in a piece of paper for 250 years lmao, 
  what i usually picture when the name `` gaul '' or `` gallia '' comes up is the east part of the country that caesar conquered , most of the gallic wars were fought in the east of what is now france . 
  lyon is also known as the capital of the gauls . 
  leftist gallia vs rightist france , that 'd be something . 
  switching up the names might make more sense though . 
  she 's trying to blur the lines between fn and lr to get the fillon voters , this is worrying . 
  this is n't funny , she 's going hard after fillon 's voters , it looks amateurish but that might be what they want from her : copying fillon . 
  first of all , whoever did this is in big trouble . 
  also , similar events involving muslim youths happen from time to time as well , and people react exactly the same way . 
  this is n't even remotely new . 
  rioting has been a national sport for centuries , europe has n't changed , you just learned more about it . 
  lol you just implied that the stock market is n't based on future expectations , have you ever invested in anything ? 
  ever heard the word speculation ? 
  there 's always a dude to contest unconstestable shit lmao and on top of it he adds that smartass attack on the left for no reason , how clueless are you ? 
  growing inequality , the elites robbing the middle class , it 's the same one in most developed countries . 
  any example of what we might see come back in the discussion once the uk is gone ? 
  the power vacuum that will open once putin leaves or dies will be unreal . 
  you too man , have a nice evening . 
  even though i disagree with your beliefs , i understand that someone with your positions must often get agression in return when displaying them so being civil is healthy . 
   one must also understand christians want everyone to reach the kingdom of heaven at the end of their earthly existence and it has been said in the book of revelations that nothing impure will reach the realm of god . 
  i myself believe i sometimes lack in this regard . 
  we do n't want people to be condemned to a eternity in hell . 
  it 's something to take serious . 
  i do n't have any problem with this as long it does n't infringe on anybody 's rights as well , this is no reason to harass anybody , this does n't have priority over the law of the land . 
  us non believers are at peace with odds we 're taking , we 're aware of your message . 
  i am thankful for your concern but what i believe is that how i spend my life on this earth is a decision i , and i only should take . 
  / u/salinaas , that 's exactly correct , it does weigh at least 10 kg , come up here, 
  no , gay rights activists and tolerant people in general just want anybody to not be persecuted for their lifestyle as long as they do n't infringe on anybody 's rights if you can tell me how your rights are infriged upon when two consenting adults engage in gay sex then i 'll admit you have a case , but it 's just not your business , it does n't restrict you in any way and the only way it affects you is you knowing that it happens in the world, 
  nobody says that it 's productive , we just have to accept the fact that humans are complicated and nobody controls who people are attracted to, 
   without the eu we would probably buy russian stuff . 
  yeah , all the stuffs russia produce , they 'd somehow get magically created and flood the european market . 
  yeah , i 'm all on board with left populism so the populist thing is n't what 's troubling me , but what she has stood for her whole career is unacceptable in our democracy . 
  yeah , leaving the eu would have to happen through a referendum , but leaving the eu is what she 's after , so if you do n't want that , there 's no reason to vote for her . 
  i 'm set on voting blank , the only way i 'll keep my integrity over the next 5 years because i already know i 'm going to hate the shit of whatever government we 're going to end up with . 
  technically was before they put the federal capital there . 
  at least the national mall is on former swamp land iirc, 
  the traditional media , like most highly educated sectors , is more left leaning than the general public . 
  that 's all there is . 
  disctrict of columbia , taxed , not represented . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1xgfsitnqw ), 
  i actually agree with most of that , i just think discarding former bankers in politics because they used to be bankers is dumb , reject him for his ideology all you want , but having been a banker before is n't worse than all the lawyers who dominate our political landscape . 
  let 's just keep voting for lawyers , they 're never linked to shady people , and they 're doing such a great job for our country . 
  fuck bankers though , they know how to manage money we do n't need that in our government . 
  to chase votes , by the second round she 'll probably successively confess being a liberal , a socialist too , why the hell not , also to being a gay rights supporter , any kind of shit that will get her points she will say , i hope she brings up legal weed so we can start a debate on this . 
  imagine what they 'd be without those new workers . 
  that might be her platform , but her program is a mashup of populist ideas that does n't have a clear direction . 
  she wants us to leave the eu and euro , most people do n't want that . 
  she wants to close our borders , most people do n't want that . 
  m\u00e9lenchon did n't only have a platform to restore power to the people , he also had a program that made sense , she does n't . 
  but we are n't comparable to the native americans or aboriginals , the white europeans are incredibly wealthy and powerful , not some technologically inferior isolated people who has n't had contact with the outside world ever . 
  the western world is more atheist than it 's ever been and y' all act like sharia is coming , get a fucking clue . 
  i know nationalists are terrified of the future , but to be this paranoid when we ( white people ) have pretty much every advantage you can think of on our side is shocking . 
  y' all ought to grow a pair . 
  we got nukes motherfuckers , relax about the white race being threatened with genocide lmao, 
  this is a different time , obviously , there were wars because of all the competing autocraties , stable democraties do n't fight each other , that 's called progress over time , we learn how to do things better in the future as humans , that 's why we 're so great, 
  oww you poor gullible soul , that 's like the last thing they want , that 's the most leftist thing doable now i can think of what you want is the means of production to work for the people and not their owners lmao, 
  lmao human history is filled with successful mass immigration events , the us was built on mass immigration , australia , the british isles and most of europe became the home of immigrating germanic tribes miss me with your ignorance about immigration 's success in history and human nature, 
  yeah cause it ca n't be done right, 
  true , the only definetely pro russia candidate is le pen ( while the others just seem open to bring more dialogue between the west and russia ) because of the financial ties , but no frenchman naturally becomes pro russian without a link to the country , or a serious hard on for putin 's autoritarian policy . 
  i just realized that i would have replied `` eeeh ... '' to either option . 
  we 've always been quite skeptical about the us 's intentions and authority to lead the free world . 
  being anti us government has always been somewhat popular here . 
  i think both can be done , but let 's not fool ourselves , there are powerful people dedicating massive ressources to keep increasing inequality between rich and poor and division among the masses , whether a country has immigration or not . 
  so you 're not going to convince me that the only way it can be done is before embracing diversity , because otherwise , monoethnic countries would be much more developped than diverse countries , there 'd be a blueprint to follow . 
  only japan qualifies as leading monoethnical power , and it benefitted from particular circumstances ( backing of super rich diverse country ) to rebuild itself into what it is today . 
  yeah but that would require higher taxes for the rich , be serious . 
  being controlled by who we are controlled , it 's the only way , this is the tradeoff of global capitalism . 
  because it is n't handled right . 
  the elites use immigration as a tool to divise the masses , starting from there , of course there 's going to be problems , but they 're fixable . 
  lol you think our politicians will be allowed by the elites to pass such a tax, 
  are you saying our politicians are sane or not ? 
  a counter argument to what ? 
  lmao you take yourself too seriously what is the argument i 'm supposed to counter , you did n't make any . 
  try to sell the european public on stagnation . 
  assuming we still want economic growth , there are n't really other ways in this global system . 
  i do n't know , i can have a dialogue with people without feeling the need to put them in a box . 
  actually , we 're using the european embrace of diversity for europe , using it to sustain growth and pay the pensions of older generations . 
  how are things going in russia ? 
  funny thing , is that fillon who was going to win before the fake jobs scandal , seemed somewhat open to improving the franco-russian relations . 
  if they were n't , they 'd be painfully incompetent . 
  you know that behind its association with various totalitarian regimes and leaders , fascist actually has a meaning that fits ideas displayed by the politicians supported by that crowd , right ? 
  different community , same behavior . 
  no , openly supporting macron is shitting on his own program and supporters , effectively killing the progress he made within the left during this election . 
  i know he 'd lose my respect if he announced his support for macron , because macron is also an opponent of m\u00e9lenchon 's project . 
  le pen does n't even come in the equation , this is about m\u00e9lenchon and macron being incompatible in the eyes of his biggest supporters but for some reason you refuse to accept this as if le pen was the only thing of relevance happening in this election . 
  she 's taken care of , it 's done already , but we still have a political scene to deal with .
