  this system is n't designed to be helpful to ideologies , it 's designed to be simple but democratic enough, 
  it 's a perfect law to shit on them leading up to the elections while getting support this is gon na be a bloodbath, 
  nah he 's messing around, 
  you have to get a majority as it 's two rounds , or something close when triangular second rounds happen . 
  that 's the thing in france : you need a majority of voters to agree on the candidate in most elections . 
  i think they 're gon na clean up the big cities and west side of the country , he got all the other parties shook rn, 
  fair points , my bad for dissing the whole country in anger, 
  foreign agents attacking your citizens on your home soil while your law enforcement is right there . 
  how can you stay calm about this ? 
  get the nuance update now !, 
  people are getting beat up by foreign attackers while they 're looking here , what does it have to do with the problems of police brutality ? 
  the australian submarines deal is awful though , at least it was expensive but we wo n't sell them any more submarine, 
  the eu has a territory , it needs an army to defend it efficiently . 
  cause fuck nato , it 's not ours , it 's a relic of the cold war we should have replaced 25 years ago, 
   and managed to sell the rafale abroad , at last !, 
  yeah , by giving the clients all the tools to build and maintain them themselves , the sales done now will bite us later, 
  true but overall this cabinet brings some nice change . 
  the guy who got him elected ? 
  no , no joke . 
  they are key people to bring him votes . 
  he ca n't do without these few older faces if he wants the majority . 
  what a shithole america has become , police officers are right there and let that happen , did n't arrest a single attacker . 
  fucking hell , how can anybody there have confidence in their law enforcement ? 
  duh , we all get what he 's doing and his motives, 
  yeah because that 's what the state was trying to achieve, 
   a country , as in a group of people with shared culture and heritage ? 
  not without genocide . 
  i do n't recall the breton/alsacian/corsican / ch ` ti/basque/catalan genocides we had to go through to make every culture in france french . 
  the francization of france took centuries from the revolution to get to where we are now . 
  these are long term issues , cultures mix over generations thanks to politcal stability . 
  to me it refers to the whole election , but i do n't think there 's a consensus on what the expression means . 
  yeah , he just needs a group of lr politicans to join him , and boom , he 'll have restructured french politics in 6 months . 
  everyone has to show their true colors now , hopefully this is the start of a more transparent era in french politics . 
  just for that macron is off to a great start , it looks like there 's gon na be a before and an after because of him , not many politicians can say that . 
  corporate taxes are a shitty idea anyway , it always ends up on the consumer . 
  economists support macron 's stance on it . 
  it 's in a transition phase , only the name might be changed . 
  what the ps did with these 5 years in power forced everybody who were ps voters to soul search and decide if they supported the centrist liberal platform carried by the executive branch or if they were still leftists supporting socialist policies . 
  ps does n't have a leading voice on either on those platforms so what made ps the big tent party of the center left is gone . 
  macron and m\u00e9lenchon 's campaigns were big successes to show the electorate that they were the leading voices for those platforms , effectively putting the ps in recovery position , as we say . 
  a trade deal , maybe . 
  not free trade . 
   all the uk gov ' t has said it wants is a comprehensive free trade agreement the eu offers free trade to its members . 
  i know one way they could get it . 
  `` we want to make our own fuck ups , but the eu is trying to protect us !, 
  reeeeeee '', 
  uk is trying to get a divorce while still living in the same house as their former spouse for free . 
  they made their own decision to leave what the eu offered them , when are they going to accept the decision they took themselves ? 
  deport the scum, 
  the food is great too , top tier place to spend a long quiet weekend . 
  nah , let them fuck off, 
   over one third of the french voters more like a quarter, 
  also repeatedly used an anti democric way to get laws passed and then said while campaigning he wanted to make it impossible in the future like really , the fucking hypocrisy is unreal, 
  all time leader in caps for our nt . 
  he only scored two goals for us . 
  both against you guys in the world cup semi final . 
  divine intervention right there . 
  huh , i did n't expect them to be open yesterday . 
  seriously , they do n't ? 
  extreme poverty in europe ? 
  it certainly exists , we need to work on the homeless problem but pretty much all of us live in decent conditions [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/usaid_projections.png ) is globalization 's result : [ the greatest feat in human development ever . 
  no , he was running on a eu reformist platform , he knows leaving the eu would make ruins out of our economy . 
  duh , they only wanted to attack m\u00e9lenchon to hurt his support in the legislative elections coming up . 
  lol what a ridiculous statement , leftists hate macron, 
  americans are n't white . 
  today was a bank holiday . 
  victory in europe day . 
  he let himself go big time , but [ he used to be quite handsome . 
  ] ( http://www.fipradio.fr/sites/default/files/styles/image_ppale_full/public/asset/images/2016/01/gerard-depardieu-585.png?itok=lyxkvqoc ), 
  city people do n't vote for far right candidates , the only way they could win is by dominating all the countryside , but that wo n't happen , the west and southwest of the country is notably leftist , the french media know this so they build her up by focusing on divisive issues she thrives on like immigration to block any popular movement coming from the left because they actually have a chance , then it 's easy to get rid of her in second rounds, 
  depends on next month 's election, 
  lmao, 
  she 's a dumb plant , she 's there to be a good looking le pen but she brings nothing else to the table . 
  for real , it 's been the most dramatic creator of wealth the world has ever seen . 
  so many people are being lifted out of extreme poverty it 's ridiculous . 
  for real , the best way to get tanned is by going over the clouds , you 're a bit closer to the sun in the heights of the moutains so you do n't need as much time in the sun as when you 're at sea level , plus the whiteness of snow reflects it all from the ground . 
  just look at sherpas or other people who spend a lot of time up there . 
  * nnnngh *, 
  he 's in the best position to campaign for the legislative elections coming next month . 
  en marche will find a way to get a majority , or worst case scenario , build a working coalition . 
  [ lmao you 're saying that as if chichi does n't make your fun parts tingle ] ( http://media.topito.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/chirac006.png ) help i 'm drowning in suaveness, 
  what we need is clean transport , the problem is n't that he has to travel . 
  cold place does n't mean cloudy place, 
  we might need ubi in a few decades , but hamon making it a key part of his platform now was foolish, 
  good thing the authorities work hard to prevent that from happening then . 
   i believe someone like hamon and simple facts can show him the errors of neoliberalism . 
  lmao , you 're saying that as if socialism is obviously the superior political doctrine and that facts do n't support neoliberalism, 
  how , they 're so incompatible with each other , it makes no sense . 
  macron is neolib , hamon is a frondeur socialist , that ca n't work . 
  we 're most likely running into the wall with le pen in charge , i have no idea how anybody can feel confident that france will be stronger with unsure loonies with no vision who will never be able to work with the parliament at its head . 
  voting le pen is voting for 5 years of cohabitation and politcal instability as different branches of the government will be in a struggle for power , that 's really what you want ? 
  tfw its nda and asselineau, 
  you know they did n't release these , though , right ? 
  i think it 's alain poher , we think it 's the president of the senate but the constitution states that it 's alain poher , he just happened to be president of the senate when he was interim president lmao * quickle google * oh , we 'd be in trouble, 
  i think he handled mergers and acquisitions in his banking years . 
  yeah , hollande had a promising platform too . 
  no , because america was in shock and rallied around its leaders, 
  it 's not about democracy , these people will just find any reason to try to discredit leftists . 
  french politics do n't end on sunday , he 's gon na be the opposition for the next 5 years so there 's no reason for him to back macron other than to satisfy centrists who want to see his movement fail . 
  quit seeing everything as either black or white .
