  well , there 's also other places to see and stuff to do . 
  and i did n't make my own vacation plans for 10 of those 15 years . 
  duh , they are involved in every election taking place in a country that represents a geopolitical interest to the kremlin . 
  france is a major eu country , the kremlin wants to stop and end the eu , so they try to do stuff . 
  it 'd be dumb and criminally incompetent not to at least try . 
  every country is expected to do that , we do that , the us do that , germany does it , the list goes on , the problem is n't that they 're doing that , the problem is that they 've been successful doing that recently . 
  there is n't a government on earth that is n't trying to advance its interest with every ressource at its disposal . 
  by placing friendly leaders at its head, 
  the coast of algarve is so beautiful , it 's ridiculous . 
  those cliffs , that water , i went there as a child about 15 years ago and that place never left my mind , i 'll definetely go back at some point . 
  i do n't think she 's behind any of it , i think he just used her name as a way to put money on their joint account . 
  once the election is done , i doubt her husband will see much more of her . 
  yeah , convicted , probably 2 years of * sursis * , but she wo n't spend a day inside . 
  well , with what our politicians offer , it 's still a leftist thing , even if it should n't be . 
  center because of some social policies , like gay rights and this kind of stuff . 
  yeah , but it was n't the big right party who was endorsing chaban delmas iirc, 
  not even in france : val\u00e9ry giscard d'estaing was * kind of * an independent between the major socialist and gaullist parties . 
  * edit *, 
  ps is left wing when it 's the opposition , in power it 's a center right party . 
  so basically it 's a center right party who kept the name because it 's easier this way . 
  over 12 millions people , you 'll always find shit in a sample that big, 
  maybe in vancouver lmao, 
  `` give us a plane or we blow up the place we stand in '' is never a solid tactic . 
  why the fuck would anybody riot to protest a terrorist attack ? 
  the authorities did n't commit the attacks , rioting is all about showing anger against the authorities, 
  it is n't that abstract . 
  they 're saying the `` autorit\u00e9 des march\u00e9s financiers \u00e0 paris '' is involved and that it mostly concerns companies owned by french expats who started their business in london when it made more sense . 
  are they talking shit here or reporting what 's happening ? 
  yeah you 're still in the eu, 
  yeah , but the problem here is that the story reported in western media pretty much omitted this , you ca n't care about what you are n't aware of . 
  the story is about a political opponent of a controlling regime getting jailed so that 's what people will hear . 
  i 'll pass , we 're still a bunch of different people , with a lot of common ground but i still value my country 's culture , and your country 's culture . 
  at least at this point of history . 
   the fact that nobody ever focused on what he could bring to the table they did , and saw that it was garbage , and he also happened to say outlandish shit that would disqualify 99 % of politicians on this planet so of course people focused on that too . 
  you ca n't be mad at the people for caring about what politicians say , that 's what they 've been judged on for centuries . 
  maybe because trump is the least convincing person to ever lead a hunt on corruption . 
  i agree , but we 're in the era of the all important economic growth , so nobody wants to commit to such a strategy risking stagnation . 
  yeah , i was just adding a point . 
  i should have made that more clear . 
  there 's the language barrier still , but it 's true that the eu could back a program facilitating workers immigration within the schengen area . 
  maybe they do already to some degree , but this effort should be widespread . 
  solid birth rate, 
  every country has different immigration needs , germany needs it badly while ireland does n't really . 
  charlememe 's empire shall rise again, 
  yeah , that would be a major hassle to obtain if it ever came down to it ^ ^ / s, 
  and is nepotism 's answer to the establishment lmao, 
  after some time yeah , but in the immediate after war period , ussr was the shit for most left leaning peopl . 
  well , the ussr did end the nazis so that helped the party in the post war years . 
  it 's an exemple of a stereotype , keep disregarding my point . 
  the point is it 's their pov , and they see serbians like that because of history , it does n't have to be entirely truthful or relevant now . 
  the point of these posts is just to show what a nation thinks of other nations , not to debate on history . 
  we think that swiss people are kinda slow because of their accent , but it does n't mean that they are and we realize this . 
  stereotypes man , that 's it . 
  m\u00e9lenchon would n't mind wrecking his mom in a debate , he lives for these moments of domination . 
  and them reporting it would make him right lmao, 
  is n't what he 's saying obvious ? 
  i mean with your flair you 'd be expected to understand what he 's on about . 
  90s , wars , this kind of stuff . 
  he kinda succeeded by not sucking , but he was far from dominant . 
  not that i 'm aware of , sorry . 
  i feel like all did enough to satisfy their bases . 
  i thought that hamon did better than most give him credit for but i 'm partial towards a few a his propositions so there 's a bias on my part . 
  i think that m\u00e9lenchon 's no bullshit attitude and solid jabs made him the winner in the eyes of people watching for entertainment without a set opinion , but i 'm not sure how much he 'll gain from this . 
  he definetely won the google searches contest during the debate though , so we 'll have to keep an eye on a potential rise from him . 
  it 's also probably going to be more visible in the coming days, 
  so the polls for this election are gon na repeat all the recent noteworthy mistakes from their line of business . 
  unless the polls are purposefully communicating numbers to undermind and demotivate her support , there 's just no way she can make that back , she has plateaued for a while now too . 
  we 're talking about a 20 % lead here , i 'm cautious as hell concerning anything fn , but it 's just insane to suggest she even stands a chance of approaching 45 % of the vote , let alone 50 % +1 . 
  and people have to stop pushing the narrative that polling errors are now the norm , they 're not . 
  because with each of them happening the methodology of polling improves . 
  what do n't people get with `` popular vote only '' ? 
  the margin of error is huge with that many consituencies in a fptp parliamentary election , it 's not in such a straightforward election . 
  she 's gon na need 50 % +1 to win . 
  she wo n't get anything close to that without a major event changing everything . 
  he would n't , russian ties , religious ideology , threats on our identity as a secular country with a welfare state . 
  his platform is garbage attracting old people in line with what the gop offers in the us , this is n't what our great country needs or wants . 
  let him take his party to hell with him . 
  polls have been dealing with this for years in france , they know how to get representative projections for the fn and le pens , there is no `` shy trump voter '' syndrome in france because this is n't a first for us . 
  they learned in 2002 and now they do n't under rate her potential like us polls did with trump . 
  the head of a huge poll institute is also the brother of a key fn leader , but there 's still a consensus in the polls . 
  60/40 is a massive lead . 
  the only worrying thing is if fillon goes to the second round with her , but that 's highly unlikely at this point . 
  lol hamon dropped but melenchon did n't improve after the debate , right, 
   65 + : fillon just a few more years just a few more years just a few more years, 
  he barely has any expenses with those free suits he 's getting, 
  they 're correcting the popular record, 
   except on diplomacy when he was just bad . 
  for real , i was getting hyped all night long and then he brings up that stupid eastern european frontiers bullshit : this is a very dangerous position, 
  dead on, 
  i could see a light police state rising from him . 
  make a business out of it . 
  i mean , if he wins , they 'll have to follow him if that 's what the people told them to do . 
  yes , macron is dangerous , hamon is great , m\u00e9lanchon too but not on foreign issues, 
  hamon/m \u00e9lanchon ticket for pres and pm would be too lit , but they ca n't compromise hamon would be in charge of the foreign issues, 
  yeah , he just wants voters from the right to know he can be open to conservative ideas, 
  it 's just a proposition to put in the heads of fillon 's voters that he can be open to ideas usually held by conservatives . 
  i do n't think he 's stupid enough to actually go through with it . 
  i do n't give a shit about him , i 'm just sick of seeing claims of sexism everywhere even when it 's just stupid , it takes away all the power of the accusation and hurts the real fight against sexism . 
   this attacker was on a government watch list for radical islamists he was n't , just a career criminal, 
  man , the euro brought us so many good vibes for a month once the marseille shitshow was over , it 's a shame it ended the way it did for us but i 'll have a lot of great memories to look back on for years .
