  western europe was as diverse if not more some time ago , it took centuries of forced integration to get to this , this blurred the concepts of nationality and citizenship into one thing . 
  your feeling about it is understandable , you have n't had that strong state with an identity that transcends eras the way countries like france have . 
  our view on this is part of our culture just like yours is part of your culture . 
  obviously there still are lots of white people who only consider other white people as french , and minorities who are citizens but do n't consider themselves as french , but as far as the state is concerned , you 're french if you 're a citizen , period . 
  and that 's also my opinion . 
  because those people see their country as a team to support . 
  if you 've got a cheater at the head , you 'll get the better of the opponents , they only see that team , not team people vs team crooked motherfuckers . 
  you have different ideas out east about nations , with the way you see it breton would be a nationality , which is a fair point of view but it does n't work like that here , our nation is n't our people but our country which unites different people . 
  france succeeded long ago in doing what yugoslavia tried to do : uniting lots of different people under one flag , france now is one indivisible nation , that 's in the consititution , and every citizen is a part of that nation . 
  lol nobody denies the black community their citizenship what the hell are you on about, 
  you 're seeing a problem that does n't exist . 
  being french is having the french nationality , therefore if you have the nationality you 're french . 
  nobody is saying that people ca n't recognize their origins as well . 
  you can be french and member of a minority you know . 
  heard of african americans ? 
  you do n't think of them as americans ? 
  that 's pretty much what 's expected as things stand now . 
  lol socialism has n't been on the political spectrum since 1986 she wo n't be the main opposition party either , when the fillon chain comes off you can expect lr to jump back up to 30 % . 
  the right 's electorate never fails to impress me . 
  she 'd never get a majority in the parliament , so she 'd have to go through a referendum to make it happen , or a constitutional crisis . 
  polls institute had to deal with that for decades and can make accurate projections of fn final numbers , this is n't a first . 
  and they are n't shy anymore . 
  fillon is done , he 's been done for a month and a half , m\u00e9lenchon will probably get more votes than this piece of shit . 
  french polls have been used to this for years , this is n't the first time a le pen is running . 
  nobody is shy about it anymore . 
  great to hear , more quality manufacturers on the market is always a win for the consumer . 
  nokia still makes phones ? 
  were n't they bought by microsoft ? 
  his plan to save the french society is to give opportunities to the poor and lift them out of poverty . 
  radical islam gains followers by preying on the youth who do n't feel like france has something to offer to them , they have no hope for a stable job and life so you can sell them anything that gives them a purpose . 
  that 's real . 
  poverty is the mother of all criminality , even the ideologic criminality we currently have troubles with . 
  give the minority youth a future and they wo n't turn to radical islam to find a purpose . 
  he 's got the best plan to fight radical islam and domestic terrorism , because he wants to treat the disease , not the opportunistic symptoms . 
  that 's on les r\u00e9publicains , they want to control everything on the right . 
  back in the day , we had a strong center right party ( udf ) and the right was working because they had to compromise . 
  les r\u00e9publicains then became the empire of the right and destroyed any chance they had to work well with another party . 
  they do n't want to deal with fn and try to swallow every center right movement there is , so they isolated the right themselves and now they 're all alone and the right depends on the class of crooks running the party to have a voice . 
  shit , i do n't know , if he could motivate anti neoliberal establishment fn voters ( so almost all of them ) to not abstain and vote for him in the second round i could see it happen . 
  it never was `` ou la mort '' as far as the nation is concerned , it was however used by [ the paris commune ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_commune_\\ ( french_revolution \\ ) ) . 
  it became the national motto about 50 years later without `` ou la mort '' is what i found , but use on propaganda might have been different . 
  source ? 
  at the time it was n't, 
  russia angered by the fact that nato nations care more about other nato nations than about russia . 
  half of the air time on rt last night was complaining about western reactions . 
  duh , civilians are always the victims of whatever 's going on . 
  i fucking hate that these keep happening . 
  some people just wanted to take him out . 
  not because he was bad to his people , western powers are n't that altruistic , but because he was threatening western ( mostly french and american ) interests in africa , and because sarkozy wanted to clean up everything about ghaddafi 's involvement in the financing of his 2007 campaign . 
  get with the program guys , everybody else agreed to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qbzw0azl.png ) : start with the red, 
  we 're the guardians of mega man , protected him when he was at risk so he 's basically french . 
  we want to french him up a bit to create a unique piece of art that was only made possible by the concept of r/place, 
  lmao the empire of the north does n't need more place, 
  oh we expected this, 
  lol you 're no frenchman next time : nous faisons l'italie en premier mes compatriotes fran\u00e7ais . 
  we 're wasting each other 's time here . 
  [ french proposal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qbzw0azl.png ) , bitcoin is still fucking with us so we think it 's fair . 
  [ french proposal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qbzw0azl.png ) , as bitcoin is still being a pain in the ass . 
  what 's the point ? 
  having to patrol two places afterwards is a waste of time, 
  y' all already got a flag ffs, 
  yeah your greater good cause you have no place , we 've been spending almost 2 days on this, 
  we 've got dozens of people working hard on the french plan , we got betrayed so now we work for us, 
  we already compromised by letting our original place be a eu flag to end the division following germany 's betrayal , we 're not handing out more place when all italy and germany have been doing is expand since the start, 
  yeah , but all europeans do n't gather on here for place, 
  no , we 've got our own place already , it 'd be a waste of time to be at two places , italy should make a part of theirs spain 's, 
  this is n't the only place where people plan shit , this plan will go against what 's happening there and will just be a waste of clicks, 
  italy already has a flag , put spain there if that 's such a dream, 
  their very existence is left leaning so you ca n't blame them for that, 
  it amazes me how the extreme right wants us to fear that sharia law could come to france while these kinds of stats pretty much show that there 's no chance in hell . 
  lmao that 's not happening, 
  the image might be too much , but in a way that 's it . 
  there is no such thing as a mutually beneficial ending in this situation , that 's the whole problem . 
  it 's the other way , it was n't an obligation so it was ignored . 
  but on this road we could ignore the fact that uk citizens probably like having a strong economy . 
   seeing as a trade deal is in the interests of both the uk and the eu , is that really so bad ? 
  so the price to pay for your mistakes is the political stability in continental europe which is one of the few things slowing down russia 's expansion project . 
  because your people got conned we 're supposed to spread our cheeks in the direction of moscow . 
  fuck everything about that . 
  oh , but that 's right , the uk do n't give a shit about what happens to continental europe , never has , never will so it 's not a big request to you guys i suppose . 
  i meant look out , it 's late . 
  you 're asking us to insure the economic transition of the uk while the success of that process would heavily threaten the political stability of our union . 
  it 's an unsolvable equation , we 're all losing in this shit . 
  i ca n't believe we 're in a situation that shitty because of those fucking ukip clowns . 
  it 's a geopolitical tragedy for europe over the dumbest shit , i still hope one day someone has the balls to say `` fuck this , this is the stupidest decision we 've made since following w. into iraq , let 's act like it never happened '', 
  you guys are asking us to look up for you before looking up for the eu , it 's like you 're still in the eu really . 
  that 's rich . 
  after you guys fuck the long term geopolitcal plans of the eu over some dumb shit , we 're the hostile ones ? 
  you guys decided `` the eu must be worst off '' already in a referendum . 
  that 's already a given , so now we 're supposed to help you make your dumb decisions work while that 's exactly what you voted against . 
  reciprocate what ? 
  obviously you 're not allied with a country that is n't your ally , otherwise they 'd be your ally . 
  alliance does n't exist without reciprocation , you 're suggesting that a one way alliance is a thing . 
  if they were obligations , they would n't be ignored . 
  because you need allies in the globalized capitalist system , duh . 
  you suggest leaving nato too ? 
  that 'd be something , the isolation of the uk . 
  the uk has interests outside of its territory , you know . 
  unless you guys plan to leave your alliances too and close yourself to the rest of the world , you 're gon na have to worry about russia . 
  not placing placing , facilitating the access would be the correct way to say it,
