  she 's terrible but no , do n't put that evil on us, 
  yeah , an apocalyptic culture war , they both work so well for each other . 
  yeah , lots of countries make great wines these days . 
  south africa is one as well . 
  for like a day if they did, 
  aaah right but no human would survive such a trip . 
  teleportation and time travel will most likely only ever be used in fiction . 
  that 's cloning, 
  portals have a different name but are basically the same thing, 
  teleportation in theory would require your death first before the construction of a copy of you somewhere else , it 's just not happening as continuity of the conscience ca n't be guaranteed so those machines would effectively be suicide booths, 
  or one of the actual persons mentionned here , marine le pen . 
  the people of france remember him fondly mostly because of various charming things like that . 
  he 's a much better candidate than bush or whoever the americans have on their list of presidents they 'd like to have a beer with . 
  i wan na get wasted with chichi , he 's got that personality and charisma . 
  it 's touching one ( of my balls , implied ) without moving the other . 
  it 's a famous saying of our former president jacques chirac , meaning that you 're aware of something but do n't really care about it . 
  we 're talking about the possible internet conflicts to dominate the online debate , not the actual election, 
  mad lad does n't hold any punch lmao, 
  they can think whatever they want about him , the fact is they do n't like mlp and wo n't vote for her or campaign for her . 
   i want to insult you just because you 're french but i will abstain i 'm sure that sounded like an insult in your head . 
  stand by your words , man , do n't be weak . 
  fifth degree honeydicking victim right there lmao, 
  lol no , recently a poll there showed that there was a lot more support for m\u00e9lenchon than for mlp lmao, 
  so jv.com 's 18-25 will humiliate them, 
  lol he thinks the cold war ended , we 're in a new chapter but the us/russian dick measuring contest is still on for some reason, 
  i do n't call the first one anything , it does n't deserve to exist . 
  and the second is a chausson aux pommes , which is a fitting name unlike pain . 
  idiot !, 
  if you call it un pain au chocolat , you deserve un pain aux phalanges !, 
  it 's not even un pain , it 's puff pastry !, 
  [ \\ #chocolatineracema\u00eetre ] ( http://www.photos-a-la-con.fr/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/image-drole-pain-au-chocalat.jpg ), 
  of course radical islamism is dangerous and a big problem in my country and others , but the picture is bigger than that . 
  i 'm just looking for more than one single cause , and i believe that people who want to use violence and intimidation to control people have no place in any modern society so i 'm not really an apologist , we 're all responsible for our actions . 
  shunning people who do n't stop at the first cause is being an obstructionist towards the solving of these issues however . 
  it 's definetely not as visible , but the violence created by unsatisfied young people is n't religious at all most of time . 
  people just get way more emotional when religion is involved . 
  the gang situation in chicago and other cities is another example of youths creating violence being the end result of the lowest classes being left to rot in most western countries . 
  it 's creates way more victims than terrorism but is n't really a priority ; you ca n't point to an ideology to be your `` enemy '' in that case , and it requires a more direct look into the mirror to explain the issue so religious terrorism is the talk of the century while not being * the * issue of our time , because it 's easier to divide the people on this . 
  excellent lmao, 
  why did he ? 
   so its not really his fault , it 's the fault of the society he lives in right ? 
  who 's saying that ? 
  was i ? 
  whoever becomes a radical islamist did it on their own , but as a society , it 's wrong to not look at all the causes . 
  inequality is real , unemployment is real and it creates criminal activity . 
  just saying `` he did it because he 's a piece of shit '' without looking at how he became a piece of shit is why the situation is stagnating . 
  if you do n't look for symptoms you 'll never get a full picture of the disease and will never find the right cure . 
  islamization is not the disease , it 's a symptom of a bigger disease : the abandonment of the lowest classes . 
  which is in turn a sign of poverty and lack of opportunities for a lot of people . 
  we , in france , like charisma over competence . 
  nah , jk he 's saying cazeneuve is super bland , a vanilla politician . 
  england and russia failed us all . 
  electoral votes have never been a good indicator of how close an election can be . 
  i mean , she won the popular vote , and the swing states that lost her the election had pretty close margins . 
  plus a presidential campaign tends to bring a lot people back to more centrist tendencies , while the local elections usually show the `` anger vote '' we do n't see in presidential elections . 
  make no mistake , le pen winning would be like trump winning as a third party candidate , big difference . 
  that 's almost impossible , our elections work differently here : 95 % of the vote is n't shared by two parties . 
  fucking lol how can he still do stuff ? 
   i might have voted for him if he had shown this side of himself ... what ? 
  even if he showed this side he stays the corrupted piece of shit he always was . 
  why would you be interested in voting for a guy who deserves to be jailed ? 
  prime minister is usually a scapegoat role in french politics so it does n't say much about their relationship , everybody knows that guys get burnt there . 
  balladur , jupp\u00e9 , jospin , raffarin , de villepin all got their long term plans fucked there , it 's a political heavyweight graveyard . 
  having two former pms in the second round of your primary tells a lot about the younger generation politicians being unable to renew this party . 
  unless they unify the left they wo n't be a factor in this election . 
  and there 's no unifying this mess unless m\u00e9lenchon gets incredibly popular in centrist circles overnight . 
   and i imagine the eu migration quota is just campaign talk of course it is , talks about immigration policy have been a thing for ever during elections but nothing ever really comes out of it . 
  he 's a crooked interventionist piece of shit . 
  let 's just let him get forgotten , please , as he most likely will escape jail time . 
  it 's just a guy being punched in the face when he was being a jackass , stop using words like mob justice , vigilante justice or the likes to make it a bigger deal than what it really is, 
  they do n't think it be like it is , but it do, 
  i thought waifus were a meme , not a real thing lmao, 
  this might be the saddest thing i 've read on here in a while . 
  like that nhs monopoly in the uk ? 
  parasites of the earth, 
  the police is super overworked already , hiring that many people will be impossible . 
  for real , the soldiers get these guys to go on suicide missions with minimal casualties on our side instead of going after large groups of unprotected civilians : keep them out there !, 
   it 's a job for a police presence , not the army . 
  why , exactly ? 
  agreed , i 'd rather have these people attack soldiers who are ready to deal with them than civilians . 
  quit acting like things are either all black or all white . 
  my guess would be that it just does n't bring as much money, 
  i do n't think it 's about principles , whoever was buying probably is n't interested in pussy that popped out a kid . 
  in niger actually , so instability in the region is something that our government wants to avoid, 
  napol\u00e9on is the greatest frenchman ever , he took the values of the revolution which were constantly under attack and brought them with him in europe to give the spirit of our revolution a lasting impact both in france and across the whole continent , inspired the modernization of a lot of states , broadcasted liberal values , etc. 
  it 's not as if the kingdoms of europe ^ ^ tm had n't been fucking with our revolutionary process for a decade, 
  definetely was , france and a bunch of europeans countries are very thankful of the change he brought, 
  it has a more general connotation on the `` worth '' of a person , at least it does to me and probably a lot more french people , it 's not a term we like to use to draw conclusions because of how dismissing it is in its nature , it 's almost dehumanizing and a lot of us want to stay away from that . 
  i pretty much only ever use immoral to describe stuff that goes against our society 's interest generally , not regular people . 
  do n't judge thy neighbor and all is important in france , the private sphere 's separation from public scutiny is important in our society , so drawing such conclusions for something that common is n't something we like to do . 
  i 'm not sure what any of it has to do with my comment . 
  and nobody is arguing it 's okay . 
  we all know it 's wrong , the only debate is on the term morally unacceptable which is very loaded . 
  morally unacceptable is really important , it 's like sending someone to hell , so really we just wo n't like to make such a judgement on people we associate with, 
  for an action that common , that 's ending up judging a whole lot of persons . 
  the action and the people doing it are related whether you like it or not . 
  i mean , if you answer yes while having a friend who cheats/cheated , you pretty much become a hypocrite instantly . 
  i think we 're just way more honest about our positions and do n't want to judge people as morally unacceptable for such a reason . 
  this is private matters concerning only the persons directly involved . 
  meanwhile on the other side of the spectrum : cheating is also common but everyone is ready to judge it because people love trying to get the moral high ground by saying something is morally unacceptable , even though they probably associate with people who do it .
