  we 're in this mess because of the last one, 
  a bunch of countries can make the same exact comment , that 's his point, 
  detest might be too strong , but fuck paris \\ #lyonbestcity, 
  maybe they want to avoid the iznogoud jokes it would bring, 
  he was right , fuck all that noise, 
  get drunk and watch shit blowing up in the sky . 
  then it sounds like a good time to invest there, 
  good ridance , they never wanted to play the game anyway so maybe it will get things moving now . 
  fuck off , jersey and guernsey are ours !, 
  who 's gon na arrest him ? 
  [ we left nato 's military integrated command in 1966 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#french_withdrawal ) to be more precise , you 're right . 
  it 's one of the lasting effects of de gaulle getting rid of the american bases and leaving nato in the '60s . 
  he did n't want any foreign troops on our territory so our defense and intelligence agencies grew away from nato influence . 
  it 's shadow work , if we heard about successful arrests every two days we 'd be bored in 3 months, 
  probably because he 's the bigger man and would be a nice neighbor to have, 
   pretty sad that people give france a bad rap because they got taken by surprise by new tactics in ww2 . 
  yeah , if nyc was 5 hours away from the german border in 1940 the same shit would have happened to the yanks . 
  it 's easy to make jokes when you 're a hemisphere away from any potential serious opponent . 
  yeah 2002 was ridiculous . 
  yeah , especially since racism is `` promoted '' to avoid bigger issues like that, 
  is n't it what it is ? 
  it does n't matter if we are or not , nothing explains being a little bitch about a candidate not being illiterate in a foreign language for once . 
  there 's no rule or tradition restricting a president 's use of foreign languages so quit as acting like there is , it 's pretty moronic . 
  which is actually gaining a lot of ground because of its use in growing west africa ? 
  and we learn english in school , because it 's useful in some occasions . 
  like being interviewed by the english media . 
  that way he knows the words he used wo n't be changed , because that can happen by relying on translation . 
  he speaks french , should presidents be banned from using anything but french ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  i heard that the growing atheist majority disappeared overnight as well . 
  what ? 
  no , he believes the eu is n't working the way it should and that there should be reforms . 
  if he 's elected , that means we agree with him so he gets the mandate of the french people to try to get the reforms he campaigns on . 
  if he gets in a position to negociate , it wo n't be what only he believes , it will be what the french people will have decided is best for us . 
  there are n't any communist left in france lmao poutou and arthaud might get 2 % combined but that 's it . 
   plus we all know that state runs businesses are extremely inefficient that 's incredibly wrong . 
  our health care has both public and private components and the public part of it has been way more efficient for what you get for every euro spent . 
  it 's like night and day . 
  oh fuck yes that 'd be so great, 
  his voters care more about policy than ethics . 
  these people just want their tax breaks . 
  what a ridiculous statement , this place is so sheltered when it comes to awareness of what candidates who are n't blindly pro eu status quo stand for . 
  he 's not anti eu , he 's not pro-russian , these are buzzwords used by the political establishment to scare his voters away , and they are wrong . 
  if you care about the current eu status quo , macron is your guy , if you care about the french people , m\u00e9lenchon probably should be your guy . 
  that 's why we 've got the legislative election right after this one . 
  this looks like a democracy , i like it . 
  now let 's eat these motherfuckers , go m\u00e9luch we 're gon na do it . 
  that did n't happen during the campaign , they only realized this once he was in power and that became unavoidable . 
  le pen voters wo n't realize this before the election either . 
  we know that already , but we 're not losing time on that because we know her voters do n't give a shit about that . 
  like trump voters do n't give a shit about that either . 
  they do n't like getting beat up by muslims , they 're too used to fafs beating the shit out of them and want to get back to that . 
  which is the amount of public money he stole it 's like pi , we want to get all the decimals, 
  for what ? 
  nobody wants to invade russia , the paranoia is unreal we just want russia to get its shit together , they think the rest of the world is plotting against them so they make the situation worse the biggest failure of the west was not having enough diplomatic influence when it was time to rebuild russia for the market , they drafted flawed consitutions , opened up the economy too quickly and everybody watched it happen without offering guidance to the democratic effort russia 's obsession with buffer states is what 's fucking up diplomacy in europe , they 're gon na have to let it go someday we just wanted them to join our team . 
  salers cheese in a vegetable soup with garlic croutons is the shit man, 
  yeah but who gives a shit about her in the second round ? 
  she wo n't reach 45 anyway , i 'm just interested in the citizens ' first choice at this point . 
  i meant that when she loses points , he 's the winner of most of those points . 
  referendum probably, 
  still a very long shot though it would n't surprise me that much , but still, 
  le pen could fall appart , he 'd be the most likely winner of such an event, 
  well that 's expected , their message resonates very well with the poorer working class and the fn ca n't do anything to change that without becoming some part of the establishment , and that would drive away those voters, 
  yes please , anything with m\u00e9lenchon is fine by me, 
  what 's this boner ? 
  le pen at 23 % has to be a 4 years low or something , m\u00e9lenchon is starting to eat up her working class base, 
  that 's it, 
  because sarkozy is a piece of shit that should be jailed , he wanted gaddafi dead to cover his ass for the financing of the 2007 campaign and because gaddafi made a fool out of him by backing out of a huge arms deal . 
  nope , m\u00e9lenchon wants to reform the eu but not outright leave . 
  the eurosceptic card is there for leverage to get things done at that level . 
  on what grounds ? 
  selling hash ? 
  lmao this is ridiculous, 
  irrelevant to the french state . 
  we 're not savages . 
  deport citizens lmao, 
   and littke love for the eu . 
  well , he thinks the eu needs a lot of reform to work in a satisfying way , who would disagree with that ? 
  he 's got little love for the liberal status quo within the eu would be a better way to say it , imo . 
  people are ready to dismiss a science because of some tens of thousands of votes in key states going one way , and because it fits the narrative they 're pushing . 
  it 's ridiculous , the more time i spend on the internet the more i see people willing to forgo basic logic to satisfy their partisanship . 
  it 's not healthy for the political dialogue . 
  escalator left lane zombies deserve to get shot in the neck, 
  well , nobody in the fn is interested in giving up a reason to police the shit out of the * banlieues * . 
  this time we 'll see a cohabitation . 
  there 's still the legislative election in a couple of months to undo whatever mistake we 're about to make . 
  i do n't want to bring back the death penalty . 
  however i 'm open to the idea of a yearly guillotine event , they present the 10 worst criminals we have in jail , and we vote on who gets the salvation of the glorious falling blade . 
  maybe on july 13th to get us all in a proud patriotic mood before bastille day . 
  the same thing could be said about what 's happening right now . 
  the gap is tighter and m\u00e9lenchon has the momentum . 
  two rounds election the two candidates who get the most votes in the first get to the second , two weeks later , who gets the most votes there is president, 
  is n't comparable at all , the popular vote polling was pretty much on point , which is what matters here, 
  i do n't think it necessarily is lying , people just might not be sure and would rather give the most politically acceptable candidate they hesitate on, 
  yeah , on the workplace , but fn voters do n't have relationships to preserve with polls institutes who ask them who they 'll vote for , and they adjust their numbers to account for some shy fn voters , they expect it , so they over rated fn numbers in one of the previous elections, 
  oh god , no troubles ? 
  radical islamism is a breeze of fresh air compared to death toll brought by division within the french state in past centuries . 
  from religious wars , to region based political division leading to civil wars , french people killed so many french people to make france what it is today , it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's mostly forgotten because of how distant that long process now is , but we 've seen some bloody centuries . 
  [ they 're liberals ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/tournant_de_la_rigueur ) , the only socialist thing about the ps since the 90s has been the name , the [ governing left ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_de_gouvernement ) has not been socialist in almost 3 decades , they threw the socialist principles out when it became evident after the 1986 and 1993 * branl\u00e9es * that the left could n't rule without more economic pragmatism so they became liberals , there were some socialist policies in the jospin government , but they were there to make the hard liners of the majority swallow the pill of all the privatizations and the tva cut,
