  french politics do n't end in two weeks , we need a strong m\u00e9lenchon in the opposition for the next 5 years so we ca n't have him support macron . 
  this `` stand '' you talk about is meaningless in the big picture of french politics , this is what you care about because you 're not a citizen , our politics has relevance for you every 5 years , we live in this , meaningless gestures that wo n't change much do n't matter to us , having a strong leftist opposition does . 
  okay , you just wanted the radical left to commit a suicide , that 's clear . 
  he refused to compromise with liberals , that 's it , there was no stand to make as we both know she never had a chance . 
  so why do you hate m\u00e9lenchon and his voters while their participation in the second round will overwhelmingly be against le pen ? 
  what is the problem with her losing by 19 instead of 25 because of some people who do n't want to be forced to vote for a candidate they do n't believe in and because m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to ally himself with someone with such a conflicting program ( while doing so would hurt the left in the opposition ) ? 
  only the establishment holds hands with the far right , they did n't want to unite to not have her in the second round before , because they did n't want m\u00e9lenchon to take her place ( much more threatening ) . 
  le pen in the second round for an easy fight is what they wanted , not me . 
  fuck off with the nazi leftists shit , was the nsdap used a tool by the political establishment of the era to drown out any growing popular movement and insure establishment vs unelectable elections ? 
  the fact that you always come back to the nazi shit shows that you actually have nothing but an unfounded scare tactic to undermine the left . 
  i actually suspect that you 're a le pen supporter who 's trying to get leftists angry at liberals by calling them nazis so they wo n't vote for macron . 
  you know she wo n't win , you even posted so 14 hours ago , but you 're creating shitty useless drama because you hate the left . 
  no , he just does n't have an alliance with anybody . 
  stop dealing in absolutes , the political climate in france is much more complicated , and this narrative of democracy vs facism is pushed to bypass debate and the electoral process . 
  i wonder how one can become such a great spokesperson for the silencing of democratic debate without actually being in on it , are you ? 
   so it put political ambition over the safety of the country . 
  shame . 
  the country is n't in fucking danger , she 'll never get elected . 
  m\u00e9lenchon does n't have that power even if he fucking started to campaign for her right now . 
   the election is very simple : democracy vs fascism . 
  if you ca n't make a simple choice , you do n't care about the country . 
  oh fuck you , fuck everything about you . 
  you are a sick person if you actually think that and are n't just pushing the liberal line of communication for this election . 
  she never had a chance to get elected , not now , not 3 months ago . 
  not in one week . 
  none . 
  all that alarmist bullshit that has been pushed to avoid debating about the real issues faced by the citizens of this country fucking killed this election . 
  m\u00e9lenchon refused to take a stand because he 'll lose all his legitimacy in the opposition for the next 5 years if he supports macron now , we do n't need m\u00e9lenchon to support macron to avoid le pen , so he did n't . 
  the next 5 years might be big for the french opposition on the left , he ca n't take that chance with the ps almost on its heels . 
  he knows he 'll lose a lot of support by supporting macron , and that 's most likely also why you wanted him to : a move that does n't really help much if at all but that will most likely destroy him . 
  he probably hates le pen more than any other politician who called to vote for macron , there is n't a thing he loves more than shitting on her rhetoric , but they 're the same because he did n't commit political suicide to serve macron , right ? 
  it 's disgusting to suggest he wants to destroy democracy when his plan was a new consitution which would give the people more democratic representation . 
  also , why would le pen take a stand against m\u00e9lenchon in the first place ? 
  there is n't a chance she 'll ever support an establishment candidate against m\u00e9lenchon even if he did support macron so he does n't even need her for that . 
  use your brain for a minute before calling everybody nazis . 
  sure , all the people you disagree with are conveniently the same thing . 
  nice formatted thinking . 
  fuck off , it 's not our fault people in power have n't been giving any attention to the rural lower middle class , for years we 've been pushing for policy that would help them as well , despite the fact that they hate our guts and we 've all been ignored by the powers that be . 
  the very same powers who now all call for us to rally against the monster they created and keep feeding to scare us into rallying behind them . 
  these are the enablers , but they get your vote . 
  fuck these hypocrites and fuck you for blaming * abstentionnistes * who ca n't accept this fuckery of a viscious circle anymore . 
  i refuse to let my right being turned into a joke because we 'll be in the very same position in 5 or 10 years . 
  all i 'm asking for is a reason to believe that his presidency will make the fn weaker . 
  that 's all i want from him and he 's got my vote . 
  all he 's shown so far is the opposite . 
  and would they do it for us ? 
  if it was m\u00e9lenchon vs le pen , would they be there united to push against le pen : fuck no , it only works for the candidates supported by the media owners . 
  you do n't get a pass on shit if you 're the victim of a protection racket . 
  construction , food service , janitorial jobs , various kinds of hard jobs who do n't offer lots of pay have troubles finding workers a lot of the time since our unemployment benefits can almost keep a roof on our heads and food on the table nobody has to do what they * really * do n't want to do . 
  and lots of people are unwilling to move to areas with more jobs so it breeds stagnation in isolated areas where the new jobs are n't . 
  i made the decision myself to leave my dying rural area , but lots of people are waiting for the government to do everything for them , even bring back jobs that ca n't come back instead of moving to the city where new jobs are created every day . 
  i understand for people who own their house in the countryside and all that , but young people staying there are insane . 
  they will do n't worry , we vote on sundays and it does n't take long at all for us in mainland france , it 's pretty much a 20 minutes engagement for most of us , to get there , vote and leave . 
  french people do n't want those jobs , the work is still there it just does n't satisfy them . 
  french people have businesses to run . 
  shit i missed that lol, 
  lmao she 's gon na try to take over the right , she could be burning her wings here if she goes too far away from the party leadership, 
  which is reassuring , the fn never had much room to grow in second rounds . 
  82-18 in 2002 here when her father got to the second round against chirac . 
  even better , confirm the humiliation, 
  basically the young vote gave about 25 % to each of macron , m\u00e9lenchon and le pen , but people who did n't vote for her in the first round are likely to rally against her . 
  for real , they got creeper in chief over there but macron being married to an older woman is weird lmao, 
  reveil de l'empire on va insoumettre le continent, 
  on the international stage it 's huge , but it 's in the middle for france, 
  duh , that 's how we vent, 
  leftist bourgeoisie exists, 
  i actually do n't, 
  it 's a major part of european socialism , that 's why the left right axis does n't make much sense in france , current politics is beyond this era . 
  in the contemporary sense it 's close, 
  even the us were pretty much a working socialist country in the fdr years , you need some info, 
  and rich people who just want less taxes vote fillon . 
  he 's the only meme savvy politician here lol, 
  oh yeah , with the election today my mind is only on that, 
  [ other solid m\u00e9l\u00e9chon autotune remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdtxey7akna ), 
  by the time the policy of whoever we elect get started , i did n't have a ny other specific reason . 
  yeah but more division is going to rise in the long run , just watch . 
  tell me who 's the good side we should fully support in that war . 
  it 's a fucking stalemate , should the west overthrow more people away from its ground ? 
  either we commit fully to democracy and are ready to have a lasting impact for decades in this country , and have to accept the title of neo colonialists or we just fuck up the situation for some 20 more years with a quick intervention . 
  that 's what following the bullshit nato spreads in the middle east brings us to . 
  it is , but it has acted as an enemy of ours in the past ( iraq was selling oil mostly to europe , so they started to trade their oil in euros once it was instated , win-win for everybody , but the us could n't handle the dollar losing some ground so 2003 soon arrived ) , we ca n't put our eggs in that basket . 
  the us will never be direct opponents of ours , why do we have to force ourselves to be allies ? 
  i 'm not even about that bullshit , but our habit of avoiding what 's going on is creating diplomatic issues , keeping on with that status quo of sanctions but nothing else is total garbage and creating more issues in other proxy wars like syria , too many people are suffering while we could talk . 
  no , he understands the long term geopolitical issues , the problem of frontiers in eastern europe is real , there 's a big part of southeastern ukraine who feels more russian than ukranian , i do n't think that following what happened in a hurry after the end of the ussr is our best bet , we could take away all division in ukraine for years with negociation ( a price to pay to pay by russia to ukraine , probably of energy for some years , once sanctions are lifted ) and start a new era of european cooperation . 
  it 's not a popular opinion at all but that 's a real issue we should face . 
  [ 8 ] and tipsy , the point is that we do n't need blind leadership who just follows what 's going on in the higher spheres . 
  if macron is elected , what we get is 5 years of nato foreign policy , and losses of rights because there 's gon na be more reasons to be careful of what people do inside france . 
  i do n't want any of that sht . 
  the us will still be fuckheads abroad anyway , the next nation who does n't to trade its oil in dollars will get it like irak . 
  i do n't want to put our citizens in whatever fuckery is going to happen and expose us to more attacks against civilians . 
  honestly , nah , we might leave nato in 6 months , fuck all this noise . 
  their fault for electing a dumbass , the us are done as the omniscient power , so if we can find our balls back in the confusion i 'm all for it . 
  fuck nato , it does n't have a need to exist anymore and its expansion forced russia to place itself against the west . 
  she 's gon get fucked up in the second round whoever is against her . 
  that 's because you do n't give yourself the tools, 
  m\u00e9lenchon might not be good for an european , but he could be good for a frenchman and that 's why i 'm going to vote for him . 
  the other major candidates do n't give me any hope of the kind . 
  this is hilarious , how fucking stupid is this administration . 
  it 'd be the shit man , the left surviving hollande 's quinquennat brilliantly while the right implodes, 
  it 's not like either of them would get a majority anyway in the parliament , so stagnation would be on the menu .
