  norf alliance, 
  [ what the hell ] ( https://youtu.be/uwd6xgbvicg?t=2m3s ), 
  you ca n't convince me that it 's not honey . 
  i think i can , i do n't think you can, 
   cola and orange soda mix lmao why ? 
  tried it a couple of times , it 's actually okay . 
  it 's not like fanta is that good to begin with , it tastes more like syrup/medicine than orange . 
  but yeah , orangina is the shit , their ads used to be quite something too in my childhood . 
  do yourself a favor and have a cold orangina some time, 
  how fat are you ? 
  we could make a sick verdun movie or napoleon saga but we do n't really do big war movies, 
  * `` be english speaking or fuck off '' * - hollywood at least tarantino did it right, 
  exactly , had this shit went down in alsace lorraine with france and germany alone , the whole region would have been destoyed, 
  convincing your foe that you 're way crazier goes a long way, 
  definetely , it encourages foreign investments which is what macron has been trying to increase from the start . 
  are the cuts going make operations in syria impossible ? 
  `` i wo n't let myself get fucked like that '' is the better translation imo, 
  what the actual fuck, 
  i 'm curious : a name to suggest ? 
  agreed , that show is hilarious, 
  it was built for the world fair iirc, 
  if they 're as shitty as marseille it wo n't happen anytime soon, 
  on syria, 
  man somebody should really tell them, 
  because it 's obvious they 're playing good cop bad cop with merkel to make sure he has a `` trusted foreign interlocutor '' who represents a major eu power , smart move imo in case he does n't get ejected . 
  i 'm sure trump wants to see himself in macron , as they both have common ground and rose to power around the same time : but one is popular and has much better control on whatever 's going on . 
  i 'm sure in a way , trump is intrigued by what makes macron popular and that could have some influence on him , trump has only so few peers he can identify with . 
  that 's why we need to federalise . 
  they 'll be the nuclear center of european power . 
  with the new clean technology being developped right now . 
  it is , no idea why, 
  if only the communists could have gotten rid of the church 's influence for good, 
  except for germany ? 
  how would they do it ? 
  quit that paranoia , for real . 
  lmao , macron is no trump stooge , he 's playing him , good cop bad cop with merkel, 
  its absence is what 's notable, 
  when really , it should be a loaf of bread, 
  the ones who edited his answer with the goal of getting clicks from misguided outrage , that was pretty clear . 
  whelks, 
  the difference makes it sound more widespread than it really is . 
  99.9 % of muslims are n't attacking us so it 's important to be precise about the ones who are . 
  we do n't say the holocaust happened because of the germans , we say it happened because of the nazis . 
  charlie hebdo and france were attacked by islamist terrorists , if we were attacked by muslims there would be millions of dead people here . 
  because we have other enemies does n't mean that trump is n't an enemy of our values as well ( more precisely : democracy with how he 's constantly attacking pillars of democracy ) . 
  no he 's not trying to stop islam , he just said the things people wanted to hear to get elected like everybody before him , grow up . 
  actually he 's super friends with the saudis who are promoting their shit wahhabist sect in europe and the rest of the world . 
  judge people by their actions first , not just words . 
  check the full answer he gave , not the edited bs the media propagated for social media clicks, 
  frogs are super cute , fuck snails though , these drooling bastards really , that 's just the impressions from one guy so i might be wrong , but it always seemed to me that snails were more commonly eaten , it does n't seem that much more disgusting than seafood like mussels or whelks after it 's cooked, 
   tastes like a mix between fish and chicken . 
  i 've seen that a few times . 
  i 'm intrigued , i might try it when i get the chance . 
  do n't feed the trolls, 
  hyperbole is the only way to be heard when your side is dying, 
  macron is seen as a rightist devil by leftists, 
  sometimes you can find gold in a pile of shit, 
  i know i tried snails once and did n't enjoy it , and a bunch of people i know do n't either or have n't tried . 
  frogs ? 
  probably even less people tried . 
  frogs and snails are also polarizing in france , implying that they 're staples of french cuisine regularly enjoyed by most is ridiculous, 
  it was pretty clear to everybody in france , it 's just the foreign leftists who are starting to realize he is n't one of them . 
  fuck the outrage , that 's a really good and complete answer . 
  the fact that lrem did n't present a candidate in his circonscription shows that they 've got absolutely no problem with him however, 
  that 's what the 1987 compensation was for and as you said , the pm said there that it was a serious error , for how long should we apologize for it to be sufficient for you ? 
  two migrants knocked on my door just now , showed me an official paper from the government saying that they live in my appartment now , and that i still got ta pay the rent , like wtf replacement, 
  can one take a good shot of trump though ? 
  another common thing between the us and france : hip hop is huge , we actually have the second biggest hip hop market in the world , and it 's been this way for a while, 
  at this point being atheist and anti-clerical is the same to a lot of believers , so it creates an us vs them situation in their minds, 
   volvic has no distinctive taste at all that 's the distinctive taste , most waters i 've tried had some slight after taste i do n't enjoy , volvic does n't have that , it has a small sweetness thing going on with no after taste whatsoever what brands of water would you say are comparable ? 
  out of curiosity, 
   what if people going to start saying that france is for french you 're 40 years late, 
  i actually added something, 
  i got that the first time, 
  armed insurrection will never happen in the united states , using this as a reason not to reform gun laws is a cop out , a cop out responsible for tons of avoidable deaths, 
  taking a turn for the worse implies that it was better in the past , when have the saudis ever looked tolerant ? 
  it 's not worse , it 's just harder to ignore, 
   most people probably do n't think that armed insurrection is appropriate right now . 
  so we agree it never will be , get it off the books, 
  water is important , i 'm not gon na drink a liter of my tap water which i find terrible every day of my life , hydration is n't supposed to be something you do n't like, 
  it might be supposed to , but it certainly has a taste , even if it 's subtle you may not recognize it if you 're used to always drinking the same water , but there can be a lot of difference between the tastes of different waters vittel is disgusting , but volvic is perfect, 
  50 % compared to what ? 
  or . . or !, 
  different people have different tastes !, 
  it does to some , why the struggle to understand that some people just hate the taste of tap water ? 
  these regions are so poorly thought out it 's almost hilarious, 
  maybe you just lost your cognitive abilities and sensibility to recognize bullshit, 
  yeah , these people have no principles , they just saw a space in french politics where they could get money and support, 
  i 'm gon na need to see that in french to make sure the translation is n't fucking him here . 
  what about scotland and northern ireland ? 
  this is why the uk is failing , listen to all nations !, 
  what buffer states are you talking about ? 
  gaule is also a slang term for boner , so yeah . 
  russia 's leadership thinks it 's still the 19th century , they want buffer states for some reason ( and want to use force to keep them against the people 's will ) , as if anybody is interested in invading their country anymore , and this influences how they act on foreign policy . 
  they want to control eastern europe because of their archaic point of view while the eu wants to develop the region and uphold democratic principles . 
  that is one majestic looking bird , not as impressive as a [ gallic rooster ] ( https://www.hexapolis.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/oddest-national-animal_gallic-rooster-777x437.jpg ) but nice nonetheless, 
  lmao you 're looking way to much to trigger yourself over some bs , there is no vassal state in the eu, 
  they wiant to see the murders of their neighbors and plan that , they are n't compatriots , they decided that themselves , they 're war adversaries with eu passports , very dangerous, 
   by the eu army i assume that even with a eu army , countries who want to keep a smaller but elite force under their command only would be able to do so, 
  ukraine is n't in the eu,
