  wiki says all 30 should be up by 2019 . 
  sorry but we need the money right now so expect it to happen any day now . 
  i love boxty so much . 
  public transport and planning authorities need to stop being allergic to buildings over 6 stories . 
  dublin is supposed to have lots of it positions available . 
  she is a walking joke . 
  i ca n't wait to see what she does next . 
  look harder . 
  i need francesinha in my mouth . 
  it looks amazing . 
  just with more lederhosen . 
  not quite true . 
  we were neutral with a clear bias in favour of the allies . 
  people who joined the british army were not told to never return . 
  people who deserted the irish army and joined the british one were discriminated against however . 
  they were recently apologised to . 
  we have murphy 's here . 
  wiki says the one you get is a sister to ours . 
  that is really fucked up . 
  incentive to join the eu ? 
  i do n't really understand how people can be ok with having a monarchy . 
  i like british and irish isles personally . 
  we do drink quite a bit more . 
  is there some sort of charity we can donate to ? 
  religion in places like schools . 
  people always say things like that . 
  are we really that much worse than other countries ? 
  remember what people said about dublin bikes and that has been a resounding success . 
  1.77 million seems very low for just some knowledge considering we all study it in school . 
  good luck . 
  at least a large chunk of mayo is being turned into a wilderness area . 
  yep . 
  if i win the lotto i want to buy a shit load of land and build a big native forest . 
  only if you agree to not see the houses before buying them ? 
  he looks so happy . 
  that would be very nice . 
  also a more secular country like france . 
  we have had a few french students . 
  for some reason they all buy lots of tea here . 
  maybe because we send complete shite year after year . 
  well it has been covered by the news outlets it just is n't the main story . 
  it would take something really big to take focus away from the all-ireland so it is n't really surprising . 
  edit : dublin won sam . 
  a pity they ca n't make decent tv shows if they are getting that much money . 
  the main reason to join the eu is to be included . 
  that is a nice stamp . 
  well at least he tried . 
  as far as i know the subtitled shows on bbc 4 have been getting decent ratings so hopefully the tide is changing and more people are willing to read . 
  forbrydelsen and borgen have been shown on bbc 4 over the past few years . 
  i think there may have been some other scandinavian shows as well with more to be shown this year . 
  the bbc has shown spiral from france and channel 4 recently aired les revenants . 
  also there is a remake of the bridge coming soon to sky that will be half french half english . 
  it will be called the tunnel . 
  you seem to be getting more media from the continent in the last few years . 
  the bbc and channel 4 have been showing scandinavian and french drama . 
  hopefully it will continue that way . 
  i really like our harp . 
  the clinics in the uk record the number of people who give an irish address so we can get a rough idea of the numbers . 
  seriously ? 
  the dup are so crazy . 
  the one in belfast is still incredibly restrictive . 
  i ca n't believe i 've never heard of that before . 
  going to the us via ireland is easier because we have pre-clearance . 
  i should have gone . 
  the bog cutter thing ? 
  there are theoretical plans for it . 
  three ? 
  more like 10 . 
  he has some good qualities but still is n't great . 
  i was looking for kraftklub for ages but could n't remember what they were called . 
  thanks !!, 
  i can listen to hozier all day . 
  the crash had very little to do with that . 
  i agree that it is n't a great model to base an economy on but that is n't really what happened here . 
  and boxty . 
  sounds good . 
  wow, 
  from what i have seen on youtube he certainly appears to be how savannajeff described him . 
  we get themed weeks as well . 
  lidl and superquinn . 
  they think alcohol is cheap in ireland . 
  is that a hole in the welfare system ? 
  can you outline some of these holes ? 
  spain already pisses off some irish people because they have massive fishing fleets . 
  how is it even possible to have a website like that ? 
  i like the space camp and the chocolate . 
  was he like yu ming ? 
  i know people older and younger than 18-22 on that network . 
  they do n't check your age . 
  we certainly have . 
  one of the few poets i studied that i actually liked . 
  bullfighting is n't quite the same as eating steak . 
  not in a positive light . 
  secrets of the irish landscape was quite good . 
  same here in ireland . 
  unless we are missing something and it is a new version of what we currently have . 
  wiki says there is a spanish version . 
  moone boy is very funny . 
  i ca n't wait for the next series . 
  i think so .
