they need to make amazon.ie a thing . 
  i really like the harp but it would be nice to see the stag again . 
  i would say scotland as well . 
  maybe we like the euro more than everyone else . 
  does public policy suit dublin better ? 
  we should recognise palestine next so we can get rid of them . 
  i prefer the c\u0153ur de pirate version of mistral gagnant . 
  ah sure stop . 
  port salut is amazing . 
  i try not to buy it often because i end up eating the whole block in one sitting . 
  i need to go buy halloumi . 
  that picture is giving me cravings for it . 
  pathetic attempt from us . 
  they know what they did . 
  les revenants is pretty good . 
  its been years since i had banshee bones . 
  do you know if they are still nice ? 
  a good choice . 
  delicious iona institute tears . 
  completely untrue . 
  the script are popular as well . 
  it would be a best seller . 
  it will certainly be an interesting election . 
  thank you . 
  quite a lot for a small country . 
  how much did it cost to make ? 
  i 'm surprised boards.ie is beaten by the daily mail . 
  i wo n't be holding my breath waiting for that to happen . 
  i share that sentiment to a large degree . 
  i 'm guessing when the vikings came . 
  damn sasanach trying to take our precious clay . 
  maybe if you go through with the divorce we can be as close as we used to be . 
  we do n't claim the north . 
  what a shitehole . 
  they should be happy that they can get special cork passports . 
  if we give them anything more they will get notions . 
  brings back memories of junior and senior infants . 
  well as long as they have fun . 
  meet up in coppers . 
  they only logical course of action . 
  the government would n't dare try to join nato . 
  it is n't something that people would be on-board with . 
  we like our current role as peacekeepers . 
  that would be a good choice as well . 
  i said cow because of how important cattle have been for thousands of years . 
  that was amazing . 
  a cow . 
  ye it is quite a dublin thing . 
  maybe the surrounding counties as well but i do n't know . 
  youse would be fairly common . 
  it is n't just junkies that use it . 
  i used to say it all the time but my mom forced me to stop by my early teens . 
  is guy fawkes night not mostly an english thing ? 
  cromwell was literally hitler . 
  more accurate ? 
  cromwell is almost like hitler in ireland . 
  a lot of people call it soccer . 
  i would go with de valera . 
  do many people hate collins ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that gaelic football takes the top spot . 
  it would be nice if the us groups fucked off . 
  washington . 
  seattle seems nice . 
  i consider myself an irish european as well . 
  we should have a belfast-dublin-cork high speed route . 
  i hope tour phare goes ahead . 
  i wonder what the budget will be . 
  define well governed . 
  it would be nice . 
  maybe domestic tourists are included in the numbers . 
  i would think huge numbers of irish people visit the gaol every year . 
  we have plans but nothing has happened yet . 
  the recession started before construction could begin . 
  i wish we had a metro . 
  i 'd say half of ireland can sing the home and away song . 
  i watch it for nostalgia now . 
  i did n't know the term jaywalking before going to new york . 
  i always assumed everyone crossed the road like we do . 
  i ca n't believe i have never heard this one before . 
  afaik i know that is the same variation of the joke we use in ireland . 
  self deprecating humour i suppose . 
  we say that about people from carlow . 
  but russia wo n't do well just because belarus and azerbaijan give them 12 . 
  they still need a decent song to get a good placing . 
  neighbour voting only gets you so far . 
  you still need a decent song to get on the left column . 
  i stand by my choice . 
  right now i have a craving for a 3 in 1 so i will choose that . 
  i do n't understand how the israeli embassy here has n't been completely replaced at this stage . 
  i 'm sure cork will put themselves forward for the position . 
  could we not send an eu battlegroup ? 
  british and irish isles . 
  i still ca n't believe this is actually happening . 
  nato light . 
  progress . 
  yes . 
  is it only levelled at the british ? 
  maybe other countries are pressured to return things as well but it just does n't make it into the press in the uk . 
  that was really nice . 
  i sort of want scotland to go independent just to see what happens up north .
