  loud . 
  they are n't bad tourists but for some reason they just seem so loud . 
  it seems there are a few different options available . 
  i personally like \u00c9riu and her sisters because i like the story and i 'm a fan of irish mythology . 
  \u00c9riu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89riu, 
  i expected the french flag as well . 
  jealous ? 
  i like the song but it needs to go away now . 
  i have to keep changing radio stations because it is always on . 
  it is quite common for people to think we are still a part of the uk which is why most people here do n't like the term british isles as the word british is used to refer to a citizen of the uk . 
  british-irish isles is what i was taught growing up . 
  there seems to be a few different names floating about . 
  british isles is n't the official term used by either of our governments . 
  i heard gaelic is making a bit of a come back . 
  special ? 
  now that i think about it sometimes it seems like half of spain ( and catalonia ? ), 
  is here . 
  i did n't expect dublin to be in the top 10 . 
  ** dublin : ** maybe literature . 
  yes lol, 
  true enough but at least there has been some progress in recent decades . 
  cork ? 
  not mad about colcannon . 
  boxty is quite nice though . 
  the one thing i really hate is coddle . 
  that shit is vile . 
  sausages are not meant to look like that . 
  stew ? 
  hopefully it wo n't be too many years before this is a distant memory . 
  there is no maybe about it with regards to dublin . 
  look at similar sized cities around europe . 
  the return from investment in both projects is very good . 
  do n't quote me but as far as i know cork could support a brt line based on an evaluation . 
  we could easily support proper public transport . 
  metro north and dart underground can work in dublin . 
  brt lines could at least work in cork . 
  i wish we had better public transport and bike infrastructure . 
  we mostly got housing estates out of the boom rather than useful stuff . 
  providence resources is closely associated with independent news and media so they regularly report '' potential '' giving their shares a nice boost . 
  i 'm sure the government is n't completely innocent but i think the media is the main culprit . 
  it is the media doing it not the government . 
  but its so delicious d :, 
  i love potato bread . 
  that stuff is like heroin for me . 
  true but it is probably due the massive amount of pressure that they are under both domestically and internationally and not of their own volition . 
  hopefully it should be . 
  certainly quite a large percentage would like the laws to be modernised but unfortunately that wo n't be happening for a long time considering the government are dragging their feet with just clarifying the law . 
  my sister told me recently that several of her friends were under the impression we had abortion laws more in line with europe and were shocked to find we did n't . 
  they just assumed we did as it made sense that we would . 
  you do n't need to stay in naples to see it . 
  you can stay in a seaside resort somewhere along the bay . 
  i never learned the lyrics . 
  i do n't know . 
  i will probably end up voting for the social democrats . 
  i will have to see what happens because they are very new and could end up falling apart . 
  apparently we will now be taking 1800 refugees . 
  he means all that bullshit you just wrote . 
  it has n't been illegal for a while now afaik . 
  perfect . 
  it depends . 
  fg will need to give a few things to their junior partner . 
  i think given the way the wind is blowing a referendum on the 8th might end up on the table . 
  it depends . 
  did they make eye contact ? 
  a lot of medical related stuff is made here . 
  from heart valves to contact lenses . 
  i think we used to make loads of breast implants as well . 
  i was getting very nervous for belgium . 
  glad they got through . 
  the amount of make up some of them have on is ridiculous . 
  i do n't see how they can think it looks good . 
  that would make more sense . 
  there were never 400,000 poles in the country . 
  most of our exports to the uk are probably chemicals and pharmaceuticals . 
  working on it . 
  i would be on board with that . 
  it is n't possible afaik . 
  i wish we had better public transport and cycling infrastructure . 
  pick any country that has these things and i 'm jealous of them . 
  there was no particular moment . 
  a sense of being european developed over time . 
  which is n't big enough any more . 
  it seems pretty much every country has a version of it . 
  why ? 
  yes please . 
  not worth the effort . 
  a pity so much of it has fallen in the sea with the cliff . 
  not exactly high rise is it . 
  i carve turnips . 
  i do n't know what it costs to get divorced here but you do need to be separated for 5 years before you can do it . 
  i would n't read too much into the census results . 
  i and a lot of people i know are marked down as catholic but are actually atheists . 
  a lot of peoples mothers would have filled out the form and marked them down as catholic . 
  it 's started to change a lot in recent years . 
  its constantly being talked about in the media . 
  i 've seen it in dunnes here in dublin . 
  we will probably do better once we have a secular education system . 
  i had 4 religion classes a week in sixth year . 
  so once we get that waste of time out of the way maybe we can learn something usefull . 
  we have fundit.ie,
