  ah sure it 'll be grand . 
  yes to all of this . 
  also secularise the education system . 
  there is quite a bit of god this and god that . 
  is it fairy trees that you attach a wish to or is it a different type of tree ? 
  i might make some for dinner . 
  no particular time of the year as far as i can remember . 
  my experiences might not actually reflect much of a change in dublin . 
  it may have because a lot of the time it is students in uniform i hear . 
  i regularly hear irish when i 'm in town . 
  the uk is a special little snowflake . 
  american tourists tend to be very nice . 
  we almost built one in wexford . 
  i often say it just to avoid confusion . 
  i meant saying soccer . 
  quite a few people say it , especially outside of dublin . 
  i was just on holiday in croatia and i saw the 1964 packaging in a shop . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  irish ( republic of ) 2 . 
  north irish ( uk ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  chinese accurate . 
  what about us ? 
  las ketchup is bringing back really cringy memories from my past . 
  one of the winners from the irish version of the voice released a cover of this song . 
  that brings back memories . 
  that depends . 
  are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? 
  the position of high king was mostly symbolic . 
  with socks . 
  i really want a 3 in 1 now . 
  i hate it . 
  we waste so much class time on religion . 
  independents do well in all elections here . 
  a lot of people vote for the person not the policies . 
  i do n't think it can be said that independence was easy to get . 
  nope . 
  jealous ? 
  i still ca n't believe how recent that was . 
  he chose to come back . 
  hopefully the uk economy doing well will help speed up our recovery . 
  kerry cattle supposedly make the best milk for ice cream . 
  maybe in 100 years but not 50 . 
  the ebu helps with the cost as well . 
  i was wondering why the audience suddenly became nicer . 
  i felt so bad for the twins . 
  congratulations conchita . 
  if the netherlands did n't win i wanted it to be you . 
  i think it might win . 
  it is proving to be very popular on itunes across europe . 
  i do n't think denmark has a chance . 
  the netherlands might be a surprise winner . 
  i probably should have prefaced that with what conchita was probably thinking as opposed to it being my personal thoughts . 
  i 'm a man , dressed as a lady , with a beard and i get to sing in front of 10s of millions of people so fuck you . 
  here is their rehearsal . 
  i like quite a few of the songs this year . 
  the dutch one is my favourite at the moment . 
  emma is great . 
  it seems like she will give a great performance . 
  spanish at heart . 
  i have two dogs . 
  one of them might need surgery soon because she has a weird wart on her lip . 
  hot spring ? 
  what was going on with ireland on the map ? 
  that 's my line of thinking as well . 
  along with scotland . 
  french and german . 
  germans speaking english is fantastic . 
  they fit right in here . 
  i can only remember one or two incidents where someone made a negative comment towards them . 
  the best thing about so many polish people living here is all the food they brought with them . 
  also some people still use stone for their weight . 
  wrong side of the country . 
  4 attempts . 
  then after it gets pumped full of eu money we can take it and reap the benefits . 
  i hope the start building hermitage plaza and tour phare soon . 
  set to international standards presumably . 
  it is n't like our tds would be building it and running it . 
  it would probably be a french company . 
  more and more people are going through the education system through irish . 
  going to a gaeltacht during the summer is more popular than ever . 
  if anything the position of irish is probably strengthening . 
  on a side note duolingo is introducing gaeilge which should help students master the language . 
  i 'm guessing either very few or none . 
  this is probably true for every country . 
  the esb are going to build a wave farm off the coast of galway to test out the technology . 
  they are co-productions by the authorities here and in the north . 
  i wonder how samantha mumba feels about her song body to body now . 
  the '' real capital '' . 
  the public picked a worthy winner . 
  the eu partially funds the esa and as far as i know wants to make it an eu institution . 
  terry wogan and the bbc turned it into a joke . 
  the north is an odd place . 
  wipe your shoes on the mat by the door . 
  eurovision is the greatest achievement mankind has ever produced . 
  that probably sums up waterford . 
  i have high hopes . 
  his brothers stuff is pretty good as well .
