  that was really impressive . 
  it does n't take much to be national news here . 
  no other flag has ever been this close to perfection . 
  we have blasphemy laws but i ca n't imagine them ever being used . 
  i would n't do it but i know others that have . 
  in ireland we boil the shoe till it disintegrates . 
  its very interesting to think about how ireland may have developed if collins was n't killed . 
  ni makes us look progressive . 
  yes . 
  i really like our harp as well . 
  i nearly died walking the walls of dubrovnik . 
  it was way too hot . 
  i would hate for us to have a monarchy . 
  yes but also you have delicious oil money . 
  we should grab scotland as well . 
  the german version is really nice . 
  i prefer it to the english . 
  barry 's tea is the most popular brand as far as i know . 
  i agree . 
  the journal is so shit . 
  true enough . 
  i always forget to watch it . 
  \u00c9ire come from the sovereignty goddess \u00c9riu who is one of the personifications of ireland . 
  no promises . 
  does t\u00e1 br\u00f3n orm not mean i have sadness on me ? 
  i think it could happen in the future . 
  maybe not likely but i can definitely see it happening . 
  thankfully she does n't have power . 
  the bbc needs to stop rolling out oaps as your entry . 
  chances are they would invite you in for tea to have a chat . 
  they are currently gathering underground until their numbers are large enough to emerge . 
  give it time . 
  they started converting in ireland last year . 
  i believe it will be used as a staging ground for the assault on the uk . 
  is time zone really a factor ? 
  those are some shitty roads . 
  some people use it as their daily language but most use english . 
  it might just be me but i have noticed irish becoming more popular in recent years . 
  corruption ? 
  i have n't really been paying attention to the news this week . 
  northern ireland is a good location as well . 
  i 'm sure certain people will find a reason to have a go . 
  after you kill each other it will be all ours . 
  i feel like something happened but i ca n't remember what . 
  assuming you can understand a word they say . 
  i feel ridiculous when i try to speak french . 
  like i 'm a complete sham or something . 
  some people play soccer in ireland . 
  it worked very well here . 
  i 'm surprised most countries have n't already done it . 
  the whole constitutional convention may very well be a distraction but it is happening so we might as well make the most of it and try to correct some problems . 
  hopefully irish water will actually invest in infrastructure . 
  i was informed that what is happening at the moment is something that they have never encountered before . 
  the web summit took place in dublin . 
  other than that and the water i do n't think anything really happened . 
  f\u00e1ilte is welcome . 
  i am not too knowledgeable about the situation but i think clondalkin has the best bet as there seem to be quite a few people who live in the area using irish in their daily lives plus the gaelscoils . 
  i had n't heard about ballymun . 
  i think there is also at least one gaa club in dublin that operates as gaeilge and talk of designating clondalkin a gaeltacht . 
  i know people that use it in day to day life . 
  too bad we are n't cern members . 
  disappointing . 
  i got to see bosco in a park . 
  it was a great day . 
  i have n't had burger bites in forever . 
  same in our house . 
  no coco pops allowed . 
  like you i do n't even want them now , just porridge . 
  ira was so fun but could lead to so many injuries . 
  sometimes we decided to try the tickle option but it always descended into violence . 
  the fights over the milk cartons were hilarious . 
  everyone wanted the cow in a racing car . 
  same . 
  i would easily believe it as well . 
  i have met a shockingly large number of english people that think roi is still in the uk . 
  i agree but right now probably is n't the best time to fix things . 
  a lot of it is just for forestry though . 
  it would be nice if we planted more native woodland that would be there for the long term . 
  bog bodies are so fascinating to look at . 
  so much grass . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i would be ok with that . 
  another dane here . 
  i 'm not saying it is correct to have it on the map just that it is understandable why someone would think it would be appropriate . 
  we were never really completely united politically even under brian boru so you could say we never had a capital till our neighbours dropped on by making dublin the first and only one . 
  or you could have multiple capitals on the map for the various main royal sites across the island but that would be messy and would n't really be correct either . 
  i think tara is an acceptable choice if we are going further back than dublin given its importance as the principle royal site . 
  tell him we say welcome . 
  i hope this does n't become a thing . 
  if they ca n't scare them off nothing can . 
  tara was symbolically the most important site in ireland for a long time . 
  to call it a city is pushing it but it makes sense to consider it the first sort of capital . 
  if we were to pick somewhere from long ago to be considered a capital of sorts it would be tara so it is understandable why it is on the map . 
  i just ate one . 
  it was glorious . 
  i should eat a spice burger . 
  i have n't had one in years . 
  i think i read recently that it is around 80 % . 
  only if i 'm wearing clothes . 
  the satellites are slowly being launched .
