  macron proposes to create a european minister of finance btw . 
  he 's completely willing to give up some sovereignty . 
  it 's not only a matter of veto . 
  it 's a matter of not accepting any compromise . 
   i think sch\u00e4uble is merely pointing out that no eu country is willing to transfer a major part of its sovereignty to brussels as a prerequisite for any deepening of a `` fiscal union '' . 
  not even france what makes you say that when this idea is proposed by an overtly pro-european president who just got elected by the people ? 
  and this was part of the plan we voted for . 
  i voted for this guy because i think he 's able to push forward to change europe , something hollande was not willing to do . 
  everyone in france wants change ( some towards more * social * european integration , some towards less ) . 
  the status quo is not acceptable . 
  and the main focus in these talks is germany . 
  if most eurozone countries are opposed to the change , talks will continue and the french public opinion will accept it . 
  but if germany is the main opposition to the proposed change , then the next french elections will be a disaster for the european union because we will just feel like germany holds all the power in the union and that it became hopeless since germans are not gon na accept change towards more social integration . 
  interesting . 
  i like the mus\u00e9e d'orsay but to me nothing comes close to the louvre . 
  i finished it last week . 
  it was amazing . 
  1500 pages in two weeks . 
   passports are more or less a thing since the french revolution and existed in other forms before , but sure ... yeah i was reading the count of monte-cristo ( early 19th century ) and since many characters travel internationally , they mention passports often . 
  seems farage does n't read much . 
  eh this is way too complex to be the first thing to tackle . 
  you ca n't compare them with tesla . 
  these are high end cars . 
  i 'd take a peugeot over a ford any day . 
  source : currently living in america and owning a ford . 
  that 's fair . 
  i feel italy and france are extremely close when it comes to lifestyle , art , architecture , landscapes and love of food . 
  being french , i consider it to be a strength , of course . 
   i am not old enough to drink , and even if i was or did so illegally i would not be able to get my hands on fine french wine , but it is supposed to be very good . 
  there is no age limit to drink alcohol in france ( but there is one to buy ) . 
  russia : mind : non-existent animal comparison : donkey ouch, 
  compared to german cars yes . 
  compared to american cars , thank god no . 
  i spent entire days in the louvre when i was younger and entrance was still free . 
  it 's the best place in the world to me . 
  i was never really bothered by the issues you mentioned ( i actually think there are benches in most rooms btw ) . 
  sorry for your bad experience . 
  the building itself is cool but versailles is much more impressive . 
   the tourist attractions are kind of disappointing which ones are you referring to ? 
  did you find the louvre disappointing ? 
  only in your dreams you can wish trump were as good as xi jinping 's little finger . 
  also edward ii , king of england . 
   peter tchaikovsky that 's it , you 're going to the gulag . 
   according to our contemporary , a well known scientist and thinker o.a. 
  platonov , the only criterion of positive or negative assessment is the national interests of russia . 
  the main question the historical science should answer is how much an event or a private act meets the interest of the country and the people . 
  weighing on the scales of russia 's national interests creates the absolute standard of truth and reliability of a historical work . 
  oh god . 
  i just finished reading war and peace a couple of weeks ago . 
  this is such a downfall since tolstoi ... 
   this make me so fucking mad . 
  you 're with us now , baltic brothers . 
  let the russian government teach whatever they want to their population . 
  the russian people is an intellectual nation , and they have been through much worse than putin . 
  some day all of this will boomerang back into the government 's face . 
  i agree . 
  we did n't want to see you leave not only for economical reasons , but also because we feel close to you and we feel that our friendship would have had a better place within the european union . 
  a few hard years are ahead of us when it comes to our relationship . 
  i hope we can strengthen the eu while giving due respect to the uk at the same time . 
  we won bigly . 
  the gdp per capita of a single region does n't make sense . 
  tax money is redistributed on a country level . 
  can you point me to it ? 
  i have been looking all day and ca n't find anything about drugs ... 
  can you show me a single compromising document from these leaks ? 
  i ca n't find anything bad on macron . 
  have you ever been to italy ? 
  seems weird to mention it like this in this sentence . 
  we already won man . 
  look at the state of russia . 
  imagine if the ecj ruled in favor of uber against france when half of the population thinks we are losing too much sovereignty to european institutions and that globalisation has gone too far . 
  there would be a revolution here . 
   also before anyone accuses me of being a shill , i always take a medallion cab when i need the service . 
  you convinced me . 
  yeah ... well you say that because you 're british . 
  you should take a look at how we run things in latin countries ... 
  even if there was , why would we be as low as they are ? 
  r/france is looking at the documents and for now we ca n't really find anything bad actually . 
  it might even end up being positive for him . 
  the emails seem to show a great attention to legal details ( ex . 
  : someone gives 10k $ and the maximum amount allowed by law is 9.2 k , so they decide to send the money back and ask if the guy would agree to send 9.2 k $ instead ) . 
  even i was aware of this rumor before the debate and i never go to 4chan so i do n't think it 's too crazy that she would know , granted she has a whole party dedicated to finding shit about macron . 
  that is deduced from your 28 days of paid leave apparently . 
  that 's ... what i said . 
  you have to take public holidays on your paid leave days , whereas other countries give you public holidays in addition to paid leave days . 
  but 0 paid public holiday ?? 
  so in total you have 28 days of paid leave against 38 in austria ( 24 + 14 paid public holidays ) , 36 in france and finland , and 0 in the united states . 
  another point , in the uk you get 90 % of your salary for a maternity leave only during the first 6 weeks . 
  after that you only get 140 pounds/week . 
  so you better get back to work ... 
  in france or austria you get 100 % of your salary for 16 weeks . 
  in sweden , 80 % of your salary for 75 weeks ( really guys ?? 
  countries are well aware of that and still choose to get pandas . 
  pandas just make people happy . 
  he was n't going to be as low as le pen . 
  the methodology in france is different from the usa . 
  we use quota sampling instead of random sampling , thanks to our insee institute . 
  the difficulty is to choose a good sample , but then the results are very accurate . 
   basically , media often portrays various european countries as hating ussr more than nazi germany ( reports about ss parades in estonia come to mind ) , which annoys people , since near damn everyone here lost someone in the war . 
  hating ussr more than nazi germany is definitely not true , but there is some truth in what you say .
