the latest generation of diesel engines emits less dangerous nano-particles than gasoline engines . 
  the problem lies in old cars . 
  thanks uk but we 're fine . 
  i 'd rather be governed by angela merkel than by david cameron . 
  please go back to sleep . 
  unoriginal does n't mean it 's not sexy . 
  that 's absolutely horrible . 
  have some taste guys ... 
  it was absolutely disgusting :d i found it at [ mess royale ] ( http://www.messroyale.com/ ) in san diego . 
  went there with a friend from qu\u00e9bec . 
  at [ mess royale ] ( http://www.messroyale.com/ ) in san diego, 
  you , sir , are ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ american . 
  karma police , your hitler hairdo is making me feel ill . 
  just discovered poutine in america , never heard of it in 25 years in france . 
  we have it in some words like : aur\u00e9ole which is the golden halo around the saints ' heads . 
  aurif\u00e8re which descibes some place/region that contains gold . 
  hmm that 's a good question . 
  indeed it is very common in california and many people have licences to get `` medicinal '' weed , but i could n't tell if it was more than in france really . 
  i just looked for some numbers and it appears that regular use seems higher in california : [ 9 % of the population for california ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2014/08/05/where-americans-smoke-marijuana-the-most/ ) [ 4 % of the population in france , but data from 2011 ] ( http://abonnes.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2011/06/30/la-consommation-de-cannabis-stable-en-france-la-cocaine-progresse_1542768_3224.html ), 
  more than 90 % for france ? 
  i 'm having a hard time believing this . 
  well let 's fix this now . 
  and thanks to the ngo and labs that worked on this !, 
  smoking in bars is prohibited in most of western europe too but we still have a huge amount of smokers . 
  it seems that it 's still normal for 14-15 years old kids to smoke in france . 
  yes . 
  as a european who has spent 3 years in california , i was ( positively ) shocked by the fact that nobody was smoking . 
  ouch that was a low blow . 
   `` we do n't try to think religiously in this matter . 
  we can provide them a good night 's sleep , and some breakfast and then they 're off . 
  this is all what we think about , '' said allan zoltan , a church volunteer who recalls how his parents were asked no questions when they came to sweden as refugees fleeing the 1956 communist crackdown on dissidents in hungary . 
  i think hungarians could try to remember that sometimes . 
  well i do n't really know , nobody enters these ghettos . 
  can you read ? 
  i said irrelevant to the eyes of the terrorists . 
  poor is just objective . 
   remember that story from few weeks ago when scumbag journalist kicked refugee ? 
  finds out that dude served in radical al nustra probably killed people maybe raped few women . 
  nice propaganda that you are reading . 
  you said roms are a problem because they are from a different ethnicity . 
  that 's racist . 
  and you called me `` my friend '' . 
  do n't do that . 
  this is incredibly racist . 
  these guys ' history is in romania , they have a romanian passport . 
  they are not the problem , the romanians in power are . 
  and i do n't think i want to be friends with you . 
  because they are romanians ? 
  it 's like saying serbia has a problem because they have a large population of serbians . 
  funny how the european countries with the least migrants are the most racist and ignorant  also the poorest . 
  romania does n't have a `` roma problem '' . 
  these guys are as romanian as every other romanian !, 
  if you become powerful and independant , then you would be relevant to terrorist organizations . 
  you should rather stay poor . 
  and by all means , leave the eu , i think a large part of the west is waiting for it . 
  i have absolutely no problems with roms and i think we should do much more to help them . 
  but romania is very happy to let them flee to western europe for many different reasons ( they are poor and discriminated against in their own country ) . 
  and now that romania has the syrian problem to take care of , similarly to our rom problem , and they do n't want to get involved at all . 
  very childish . 
  one country can not take care of all these refugees . 
  plus you do n't take into account the problem of borders . 
  this decision has been voted , not unilaterally decided by merkel . 
  countries that do n't agree with it can always leave the union . 
  he 's all for supporting merkel . 
  he 's basically her lapdog . 
  in this very situation that 's not a problem since i also support merkel . 
  so you think migration = terrorism . 
  terrorist attacks do n't occur in eastern europe , not because there are no muslims there , but because you are just irrelevant to terrorist organizations . 
  they just do n't care about you , you have no power and your recent history is basically being lackeys to russia or to western europe . 
  marine lepen will never become president , we are n't that retarded . 
  she reached her ceiling . 
  what you can also do is leave the eu and try to survive with your retarded sovereignty . 
  dude there are almost 2 million roms living like animals in shitty camps in western europe so if one of the eastern europe countries should really shut the fuck up , it 's romania . 
  i do . 
  please leave the eu then instead of being a negative part of it . 
  just leave the eu then . 
  completely agree with you . 
  thank you . 
  it 's not forced , it was voted . 
  please leave . 
  hey you should be happy there will be quotas then . 
  turkey and jordan already have millions of refugees so it may be safe but they do n't have places to live or food . 
  we need to help them . 
  and then people ask why the refugees want to go to germany instead of staying in hungary . 
  of course i do n't fucking care about them being europeans , why would it matter ? 
  we are all human beings , no matter where we live . 
  the difference i make is that some of us share some basic principles and values , and some of us do n't . 
  i 'd rather be a bigot leftist than a nazi in denial . 
  we do n't need to take many countries . 
  the problem currently is that we expanded too fast , to countries that did n't deserve to join us ... 
  use your fucking brain man . 
  who can provide help to them in syria ??? 
  isis ? 
  they will just die . 
  and why is that ? 
  because we , western countries , completely destibilized their region . 
  they are running away from their countries because of us , and we do n't even want to help them in exchange . 
  these people are fucking human beings , who cares about culture , who cares about economy ? 
  why would we let millions of human beings die in their country because of a war we created ? 
  people like you are fucking nazi monsters .
