  how did op forget about manuel valls ? 
  our prime minister was born in barcelona and only became french at the age of 20 !, 
  sure , 0.1 % of the european population are gon na replace us . 
  people are so dumb . 
  i used to love all of europe but since the beginning of this crisis i am developing a hatred towards hungarians , and even denmark and poland :(, 
  no these were hungarians who wanted to live the western life . 
  and what about our former french president 's father who fled hungary to run away from the russians ? 
  did we send him back to his shitty country ? 
  you are a fucking cunt . 
  hungary was worse than syria when the ussr fell , i remember videos of hungarian soldiers cutting their own barb wire to let the population run to western europe . 
  i hate hungary and hungarians now . 
  because hungary will not grant them asylum . 
  do you think they leave denmark for sweden because sweden is richer ? 
  no , it 's because it 's much more likely they will be allowed to stay in sweden . 
  you are uneducated . 
  how retarded is this answer ? 
  these people will eventually bring their own food into the fridge . 
  for now , we just need to prevent them from dying . 
  i do n't see how this is a good reason not to accept them in europe . 
  should we take these countries as references ? 
  looks like california ( for the roads , not the weather ), 
  they are protesting where people do n't treat them like human beings ( hungary ) . 
  they are not pigs . 
  i wish my country behaved as well as germany with the migrants :(, 
  yeah better not do anything . 
  russian and italian, 
  the dinosaur is n't short , the man is tall . 
  why do you assume he is n't responsible for this death ? 
  that 's some serious dedication to the union jack, 
  so that 's italy and maybe spain a little bit, 
  i think our government is fine . 
  i love our country but we are hypocrites saying that it sucks and we are arrogant because whenever we are abroad we would say ( or at least think ) that france is better . 
  everyone loves the us ? 
  you should re-read this chart . 
  if you crash your economy you might appear in this poll next time , just like greece !, 
  i think we are hypocrites in addition to being arrogant . 
  so how is the weather in sydney ? 
  we are completely jealous of you . 
  do n't expect us to be nice . 
  i 'm from alsace and i love germany . 
  i 'm glad to be french though , 
  propaganda war against greece ? 
  look at the greek opinions dude !, 
  you guys hate us . 
  the most beautiful country in europe !, 
  even if italians can be fucking insufferable sometimes , it is impossible to hate italy . 
  dude , many of them are just lost kids . 
  seize this felon, 
  guys please !, 
  we need a deal . 
  let 's not send greece into a black hole of despair !, 
  i think sch\u00e4uble should stay home for the next 5 years . 
  germany will fuck everybody anyway , 
  dude the resistance was a serious pain in the ass for the germans . 
  and de gaulle was a great help to the british army . 
  of course our army got obliterated by the germans but we still fought the war ( at least a significant portion of the population ) . 
  what ? 
  are you implying we did n't need them to win the war ? 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  this man is right . 
  i do n't see how he hates greece ...  the former president , who governed from 1974 to 1981 , said he had `` no regrets at all '' about greece 's entry into the eu that he fostered . 
  he always thought that greece should n't have entered the eurozone though , and maybe that 's a reasonable position . 
  but he has no influence at all today and our current government really wants to help greece !, 
  ( and i support them for that ), 
  sarkozy said yesterday that he supports hollande in his efforts and that we should do everything to find a deal with greece that would be acceptable by the germans . 
  we 're just laughing at it because it 's a stupid idea . 
  and your comment is also stupid by stating that we are heterophobe . 
  most of us are heterosexual and are in favour of gay rights . 
  crazy huh ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  not being an homophobe is being an heterophobe now ? 
  one of the most ridiculous statements i 've read on this sub . 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  france insisted that greece should be part of the eu in the late 70 's !, 
  not the eurozone . 
  that 's when val\u00e9rie giscard d'estaing said `` one does n't close the door to plato '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure we pissed off the germans quite a few times with our bills . 
  they would have liked more austerity for us too !, 
  for once i feel that we can be useful . 
  usually france is n't heard on the european scene : our economical situation does not allow us to be on the same level as germany . 
  i guess we have a lot experience when it comes to negociating with the germans so greece can use that ... 
  or not . 
  `` the media wants to enslave us ! '', 
  i think the biggest liar in greece is not among the media ... 
  they should look at their government first !, 
  good reason to turn to a stalinist control over the media !, 
  that 's cool because to me , american politicians are the worst . 
  yeah the eu has been asking for austerity measures to create unemployment . 
  all they want is for our countries to become as poor as burkina faso !, 
  the return of growth will mechanically create jobs . 
  looks fine to me : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp-growth austerity is a long-term plan . 
  i know the whole situation is terrible . 
  the gdp reduction by 1/4 is horrifying , even if it is just a correction that put it back where it should have been for many years . 
  i really hope an agreement can be found because i do n't wa n't the greek people to suffer even more but a better deal will not be found , that is for sure . 
  every other country that did the same is doing better today . 
  in fact the economy was slowly getting better before tsipras came to power . 
  by voting no you will get out of the eurozone and everything will be much , much worse :(, 
  yes i thought the same :d, 
  shut up moron . 
  italy stays < 3,
