  comparing the greek situation to the confederate flag debate is borderline obscene . 
  voting no doomed your country ( unless tsipras betrays his people ) , i am so sorry for you :( good luck with the future . 
  not sure this is a good idea . 
  the european audience is n't really fond of tsipras and he will irritate merkel and co. even more . 
  they were too busy celebrating . 
  to be fair , after last week you will find this kind of attitude in almost every country . 
  i feel like europeans are tired with the greek behaviour lately and the no to the referendum just made things worse . 
  you can probably find equivalents to this picture in every country . 
  if it was obvious maybe we are stupid then !, 
  you must be geniuses . 
  let 's all become british . 
  yes , let 's listen to the brits talking about the euro . 
  guess it 's time to start looking for a job in the netherlands . 
  applies to your previous post too !, 
  i am not sure about this . 
  the french audience is very divided about greece and hollande has been criticized recently for not backing up merkel strongly enough . 
  it 's hard to tell but i think hollande personally wants greece to stay in the ez . 
  the propaganda comes from the guy who tells you that he can get a better deal if his people votes no and that greece will stay in the eurozone anyway . 
  that 's the real propaganda . 
  what you see in this german newspaper is only the truth . 
  the reforms you want cost a lot of money . 
  and this money comes from us . 
  so yes , you want money . 
  what are you doing on this subreddit then ? 
  ps : i do n't remember why but i already had you tagged as `` american idiot '' . 
  exactly . 
  european values include solidarity but there ca n't be any solidarity if there is no money . 
  good economy is the number one goal for any country/union . 
  hahaha i ca n't stop laughing, 
  the top word for berliners : `` sorry '' lol, 
  it looks like the grexit has been integrated by the market , so the effect on the european economy might be lighter than expected . 
  of course it will be a disaster for greece ... 
  i guess that 's all that was to be expected from the no . 
  unfortunately ... 
  they voted no , why would he want to resign to please the eu ? 
  if he had at least a little bit of courage he would n't . 
  or maybe he just got fired and then tsipras is lacking courage . 
  oh my god what a coward !, 
  he creates the chaos and then resigns ... clean up your mess man !, 
  exactly, 
  i 'm from the north of france and my family has always cooked steaks with butter but when i tried olive oil i knew i could never go back . 
  true but no would be worse for them and terrible for us too . 
  i 'm french and i do n't understand either . 
  obviously you can take a picture of mona lisa and the eiffel tower . 
  i 'm not sure this kind of article is good right now . 
  we should focus on saving greece and convincing them to vote yes , not on making the eu even angrier at them . 
  edit : not saying we should censor though , but the timing is pretty bad :(, 
  that 's just bad taste . 
  i think he was just saying that californian wines are shit :d as a frenchman living most of the year in california , i have to say that your wines are n't bad at all . 
  but i 'm afraid i can not admit it publicly . 
  still , to me champagne deserves it !, 
  but yes it makes him sound like a wine ignoramus , 
  i 've never ever read anything like this . 
  show me an article saying that the greeks have been lazy the last 5 years . 
  so what do you think exactly ? 
  do you think that europe will give you more money and that will give you growth ? 
  that will not happen . 
  people who disagree with you = propaganda sure dude , 
  hilarious post . 
  some greek people are completely delusional . 
  impatient to see your reaction when the country votes no and greece becomes a wasteland . 
  i am proud of it man . 
  ac destroys the world . 
  better for health ? 
  well yeah that 's obvious , i mean that 's the whole problem . 
  if we agree to syriza 's demands , every other country in europe will want the same deal . 
  this is just not acceptable , that is why there is no way syriza will win . 
  based on the fact that your government was lying about its finances and all the money used to pay your benefits came from my pocket and my fellow europeans ' . 
  when i read people like you it makes me want to see greece die in a fucking black hole . 
  you are nothing without europe . 
  without the eu you would be moldavia . 
  the reason why greece did reasonably well these last decades was because they were getting money from us . 
  fortunately i know there are some smart greeks too . 
  she 's not cheating though . 
  good example that shows how representative democracy can be better than direct democracy . 
  you , sir , are 100 % right . 
  yes is poverty for some time and then getting better . 
  no is extreme poverty and sinking into a black hole . 
  their choice . 
  their choice . 
  you sound like a dick , i hope you get fired , 
  this is just silly , no other country is in the same extreme as greece . 
  moreover , if greece votes no and becomes a wasteland , no one else will ever say no . 
  it will just make the whole area stronger . 
  and seriously the eurozone will not collapse just because greece is leaving !, 
  there will be a hard year and it will be forgotten . 
  they want to know you can make the hard decisions when needed . 
  taking tsipras ' deal would add some instability to the eurozone . 
  this is not acceptable . 
  i think that is where you are wrong . 
  the eu needs to show they are strong enough to make any decision required to keep the euro safe . 
  that is , if a country is acting like greece , it should exit the eurozone . 
  i think that surrendering in front of syriza would be perceived as a weakness by the market . 
  it would certainly not be good for the euro . 
  depends on the country . 
  if it 's greece ? 
  of course it can . 
  the greeks itt are mostly fucking arrogant . 
  i hope they vote no so their country can crash and burn . 
  the rest of europe will just carry on .
