  well , good for you if you prefer your country . 
  if you think terrible weather and humidity are at extreme levels in paris and brussels i doubt you have traveled much though . 
  loving this france vs italy battle . 
  i 'm gon na upvote everything . 
  why ? 
  it is n't just one sided though . 
  to be completely fair , if the eastern front was n't so devastating for nazis , no one could have liberated us . 
  i mean , i do n't know anything about this subject but one book is n't proof of anything . 
  it can very well have been written by pro-russian authors or people paid by russia , or people who have russian interests , or anything like that . 
  how is the witcher viewed in poland ? 
  and cdprojekt ? 
  does every pole ( even those with no interest in fantasy or video games ) know about it ? 
  vk sounds great actually . 
  thanks for the response . 
  of course i know there is not much free-speech in russia . 
  not a reason to become russia . 
  what does federation of independent states mean ? 
  we are aware of this conflict and we have some very good reports . 
  the problem is that these issues are a very useful way of removing free-speech in a country , supported by the population . 
  it 's always been like that in history . 
  i also would like to point out that propaganda works both ways ( not denying that russia is the aggressor there ) . 
  vk has tons of pirated stuff . 
  could a western company attack it in a russian court and have it blocked ? 
  if terrorists attacks killed people every day , i do n't think it would give much credit to what they advocate . 
  it would probably have the opposite effect . 
  is n't free-market exactly what people are complaining about here ? 
  and western europe ( at least france ) is complaining about it for different reasons . 
  the solution is a two-speed europe . 
  more integration for western europe , more independence for eastern europe . 
  i really hope we can move towards this goal . 
  piracy of russian stuff , 
  do n't need a ban for that . 
  just need a brain . 
  we have laws against incitement to murder , regardless of your origin . 
  it is not forbidden for anyone to say our culture is bad or to say they want to establish the sharia law . 
  they are blocking dailymotion for piracy ? 
  ca n't you find pretty much everything you want on vk ? 
  thus proving u/chinggiskhagan 's point . 
  if they agree , why do they complain about syrian refugees in their countries and merkel accepting so many of them ? 
  if there was a war in poland i would take them in france without a thought . 
  i never said i want syria to join the eu . 
  please get better logic . 
  i disagree . 
  the numbers of `` nationalistic elements '' are not comparable . 
  funny that reading a sub called `` europe '' is turning me into a eurosceptic . 
  reading r/europe just made me realize that countries like poland or hungary do n't share the same values as western europe . 
  they do n't care about muslims dying in wars but ukrainians are fine . 
  the main concept for them is not humanity but race and culture . 
  the more i read r/europe the more i wish we did n't extend the eu to eastern europe ( i mean , i mostly regret integrating hungary and poland tbh ) . 
  thanks for the help !, 
   eu was never some utopian leftist dream . 
  at least originally we had a common vision and common values . 
  not anymore , countries like poland and hungary bring values that are contrary to what was the origin of the eu . 
  to me , poland is no better than turkey . 
  a nuclear power plant . 
  we are the ones who do n't like diversity ? 
  we are not the ones refusing to save people 's lives because they are muslim . 
  the european union was started by us , western countries . 
  it was our choice to decide if it was a good idea to expand it east . 
  retrospectively i think it was a bad choice because you do n't share our values , but that is something i never knew until i started going on online forums and reading what polish people think . 
  you are the one talking about diversity ? 
  i 'm sure you would never agree on including muslim countries into the eu . 
  i was personally in favor of including turkey in the eu around the time we welcomed poland . 
  you 're saying maybe france does n't belong to the eu ? 
  ( please do n't confuse the eu with europe ) you 're right . 
  that 's a question i 'm asking myself more and more . 
  i am starting to think we can not build anything in common with countries like poland or hungary . 
  maybe it is our time to exit the eu and maybe start something anew with the uk . 
  you 're jumping to conclusions here . 
  the social distribution of muslims is completely different from the rest of the population ( unfortunately ) . 
  you think the fact they are muslim makes them worse than the rest . 
  it 's completely archaic . 
  the fact that there are more muslims in prisons does n't mean that most muslims are bad . 
  some people will even take it as an evidence for racism . 
  if anything , it shows that muslim populations are poorer and less educated and we should improve our social system . 
  well 33 % of french people have fascist ( fn ) views so it 's not much different . 
  thanks for the calculation , i have n't checked the number very precisely myself but i can tell you how it feels living inside the `` french muslim hell '' . 
  i am not muslim if that 's what you 're implying . 
  your coutries are so racist that you can not even imagine that we have open-minded people here . 
  my `` question '' was obviously rhetorical . 
  we have 5 million muslims . 
  99 % of them are doing fine . 
  your countries are just filled with racist propaganda . 
  due to poles being racist you mean . 
  so it 's easier for them to accept christian white ukrainians . 
  this kind of article makes me want to change my macron vote for a eurosceptic vote like m\u00e9lenchon . 
  terrorists do n't care about a shithole like poland . 
  what is the point of attacking poland ? 
  we are doing fine . 
  so why not accept middle-easter refugees if ukrainians are doing fine ? 
  you 're gon na get destroyed here but i agree with you . 
  reading r/europe made me realize how different we are from poles , and i guess the general euro-optimistic public in france do n't realize what the eastern european mentality is . 
  i 'm starting to think more and more that we should n't have extended the borders of the eu so much with countries that do n't share the values of the original founders . 
  i voted for macron as my last pro-european hope . 
  maybe a two-speed europe can save us . 
  if nothing is better in 5 years , i 'll vote for a eurosceptic candidate like m\u00e9lenchon . 
  in france too there are large differences between the numbers coming from the police and those that come from the organizers . 
  except we do n't have sexy spamming bots . 
  we 're doing fine thanks . 
  please go back to producing maple syrup .
