   protecting investors -- indices on the extent of disclosure , extent of director liability and ease of shareholder suits not being responsible for anything is great now ? 
  also no transparency to make sure people with money can do whatever they want ? 
  i 'm surprised they do n't take into account the ease of firing employees and do n't give negative points for high salaries . 
  that 's incredibly selfish of flanders . 
  you are the same fucking country . 
  anyway if you split , maybe wallonia could join france , we 'll take you guys we love you . 
  oh , makes sense ... 
  fewest divorces for ireland is it really a good thing ? 
  their laws are just ridiculous . 
  also czech republic , most slavery . 
  wow minsk looks really ugly and depressing in these pictures . 
  a relationship is n't always friendly . 
  but there have always been people who were very close to russia in france . 
  also we had a strong communist party during the cold war . 
  my bad then , sorry . 
  that is strange , i ca n't find anything on wine regions of france . 
  france also has unified logos . 
  the other point is the `` protection of traditions '' they see in putin 's very chrisitan , conservative russia . 
  france and russia have a very complex and long-lasting relationship . 
  just read war and peace . 
  am french and my parents started giving me small quantities of wine at the table from age 6 . 
  we probably wo n't elect him . 
  does n't mean we 're not stupid though !, 
  i think he noticed , mate . 
  hubert bonisseur de la bath would n't !, 
  of course a brit would say that !, 
  terrorists lack of rational thinking ? 
  i would never have guessed !, 
  you think terrorist blew themselves up because of some social demand in the country they live in ? 
  they want to destroy the western coalition , does n't matter whom they kill . 
  thanks for this !, 
  the 1995 one is interesting . 
  exactly . 
  props to the romanian police for handling this well . 
  typical romania . 
  this is france . 
  a sex story would boost his popularity . 
  i definitely agree that the usa were an inspiration at that time . 
  but the uk with its aristocratic system and house of lords ? 
  probably an example of what not to do . 
  i 'd like to add that napol\u00e9on 's code civil was probably the most advanced in the world at that time . 
  tolstoi mentions it as such in war and peace . 
  i can speak french or english but if i was to work in germany i would definitely learn german . 
  the uk is out now , deal with it . 
  the eu should embrace its diversity and protect every single language . 
  not a fillon supporter by any means but is this necessarily illegal ? 
  the french looking up to gb after the revolution ? 
  what fucking world are you living in ? 
  napol\u00e9on was a dictator for sure , he was hungry for power and had a very high opinion of himself . 
  but he also loved his people , understood the will of lowly citizens , had much more respect for people 's worth than for their social origins and in this respect he was a pure product of the french revolution . 
  in france napol\u00e9on is mostly regarded as someone who did good things for france first and as a dictator second . 
  we also realize that it 's a good thing we moved on and became a democracy . 
  i recommend reading les mis\u00e9rables by victor hugo to understand more deeply this strange , mixed feeling . 
  i do n't think i 'm qualified to imagine what was inside napol\u00e9on 's mind . 
  he definitely did n't think like a normal human being . 
  well there is where you 're wrong . 
  i hope the next wave of elections will put people who love europe in power in france and germany and start this `` multi-speed '' europe we so desperately need . 
  the vice-president of the front national ( florian philippot ) is gay . 
  i quote you there :  but what is really sad is that i find us more trustworthy than couple of european states too . 
  this does n't seem compatible with the values of the european union , and tbh if any country thinks this in the union , i 'd prefer if they were n't part of it . 
  eh i agree with you , i 'm not the one you need to convince . 
  although the milk quota story is a complete mess . 
  ca n't think of any meaningful piece of recent history involving specifically france and the czech republic . 
  what did we do to your country ? 
  i mean if some states in the eu really think the us is a better ally , it really puts my vision of the union into perspective . 
  i 'd rather build something with those who really believe in it , rather than those who just see it as an economic opportunity . 
  it is everything but basic . 
  bit retarded . 
  `` because we are poor and it 's because of the eu . 
  we are suffering from german competition because we can not devalue our currency . 
  brussels prevents us from doing what we want . 
  european regulations are killing our agriculture and companies . 
  we can not control our borders and we are flooded with migrants . '', 
  all the typical front national or m\u00e9lenchon stuff . 
  it 's been out for two weeks though . 
  democracy is not asking people what they think about every single complex subject . 
  you 're supposed to vote for people who are going to represent you when they study and debate about things for you . 
  because many people in france hate the eu . 
  i hate dogs and i 'm not muslim !, 
  i do n't see why they would have to leave after the war . 
  most of them lost everything they had . 
  liberal has a very `` right-wing '' connotation in france . 
  except that he knows , like all reasonable people , that going out of europe or at least getting rid of the euro will ruin the country . 
  in alsace we speak a dialect that is very close to german . 
  we have been german in the past . 
  well i am from alsace so i know the subject well , thanks . 
  choucroute or flammkuchen are not specifically from alsace but these wines are . 
  not sure if you 're trolling or not but both these varietals are originally from france ( alsace ) . 
  yes but at that time there was no universal suffrage yet . 
  the first two in round one get to round 2 . 
  unless somone gets more than 50 % in round 1 , in which case there is no round 2 . 
  well obviously all factorials have tons of dividers . 
  sorry but 7 ! = 5040, 
  if a european is going to defend an american , it has to be a pole . 
  obviously it 's going to hurt france if our companies can not use slave children anymore . 
  however i 'm ready to pay this price , and if every developed country did the same maybe the world would be a better place . 
       also the minimum wage in germany is not bad ( though it could be better ) . 
  by value , it 's not high ( 10 $ per hour ) , but if you consider purchasing power , it seems to rank number 5 in the world ( source ) . 
  that 's ... not the point . 
  i think the concept of marriage is the real moral issue here .
