  such a dumb concept . 
  that 's your eastern european point of view ( i know russians or ukrainians think the same , and probably more countries around there ) , but in france such separate concepts do not exist . 
  nationality = citizenship is one of the cornerstones of our republic . 
  by the way , chopin 's father was french , so they just lived in poland for half a generation . 
  what is chopin 's nationality for you ? 
  depends what kind of movie you like . 
  i like good movies so i thought it was shit . 
  explains a lot !, 
  oh my bad then i was n't aware of that . 
  that sounds great actually !, 
   everybody just worked less and kept their job in france that is considered as the opposite of a social safety net . 
  the population is mostly against low-salary or precarious jobs . 
  that 's one reason why our unemployment is so high . 
   alsace is neither fully french nor german , and that 's the beauty of the region eh ... 
  i also feel fully french . 
  but it 's true we have this love for our german neighbors that exceeds what you find in the rest of the country . 
   no one under 70yo has alsatian has a native language eh that 's not true . 
  i know many young people who were speaking it when they were kids ( in addition to french of course ) and who are fluent in it . 
  it 's clearly a minority but it still exists . 
  yes , yes reddit , we know germany is very beautiful at that time of the year . 
   in a country with better quality of life like what ? 
  i do n't think it really gets better than italy . 
  as my own source on the subject , i indeed suggest otherwise . 
  every single country in the eu made the same sacrifice though . 
  yeah , i 'm living in the usa at the moment and the cost of cell plans and internet are completely ridiculous . 
  in france you get unlimited fast internet + phone + tv for your home for 30 $ . 
  in america i 'm paying almost $ 60 for internet alone ( for about the same speed ) . 
  then yes , he 's right !, 
  congratulations , you are dreaming reality . 
  many of these are owned by the state for protection reasons ( it 's the case for this particular one ) . 
  it can very easily become unmeasurable . 
  if we unfold the dna contained in your cells and put them along the same line , it would go around the earth 3 million times . 
  it 's probably not allowed but it would always be the woman 's fault . 
  yeah i was going to say that . 
  depending on how you look at it you can double the coast length easily . 
  you can have an infinitely long coast for a very small area . 
  been there , loved that . 
  i ca n't see why france would do this now . 
  the rafale has finally become successful commercially and we have already started developping the next generation . 
  moreover the eurofighter was a fiasco . 
  joining the eurofighter group would also make us lose jobs to other european countries . 
  i have nothing against doing this but objectively that sounds dubious . 
  we 're officially secular since 1905 so i guess they can have the vatican . 
  wow ... 
  i did n't know about that . 
  at least hormones-fed animals are forbidden in the ue . 
  not using pink slime does n't mean the steak is good quality . 
  just try a basic burger at mcdonald 's in america and in europe ( at least france ) , they do n't taste the same at all . 
  seems the actual meat content is much lower in america , the rest is filled with rubber-tasting stuff . 
  and setting taste aside , when it comes to health in europe at least you can be sure the meat does n't come from an animal that was fed with antibiotics and hormones . 
  i 'm living in the usa at the moment . 
  their d\u00f6ners are shit compared to what we have in europe . 
  for what it 's worth , their mcdonald 's is also shit compared to europe . 
  i mean i 'm not even sure we can call `` meat '' what they put inside their burgers there . 
  i 've never been to taco bell , but chipotle is not bad . 
  you capitalist . 
  i 'm having a hard time trying to understand why you picked these ones and why you described their lives/work this way . 
  but as old man montaigne used to say : * que sais-je ? 
  eh ... why ? 
  we had an experimental one in france 30 years ago but apparently we were shit at it and we closed it . 
  your link says we are using a variant of the guyot style in alsace . 
  i 'm from alsace . 
  never knew there was another way to do vineyards . 
   a small danish village does that exist ? 
  i once read that there are less than 100 municipalities in denmark . 
  that shocked me because we have 35000 in france . 
  creating a law that revokes citizenship is a much broader action that has repercussions in future situations . 
  the count of monte cristo 's story takes place after the french revolution you know . 
  we had a strange time called `` restauration '' when kings tried to make a come back . 
  did n't work really well . 
  i think you 'll get bored if you stay one week in the same village . 
  colmar is a good choice , what you could do is the `` route des vins '' ( wine road ) in alsace . 
  you can bike ( or take a train/car but biking is better ) around the region and stop each day in a different wine producing village . 
  that 's sad to learn . 
  i 've seen this place , it 's close to novigrad . 
  i hope there are many people like you among us marines . 
  nice source bro . 
   bissett testified at the trial of slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 as a defence witness just read the un reports . 
  here is a united nations report http://www.un.org/en/ga/search/view_doc.asp?symbol=s/1999/293 just before nato joined the war . 
  the serbs had moved 80 % of the population of kosovo , and 90 % of albanians living there were deported to macedonia and albania . 
  i do n't really see how you can draw a parallel between this and crimea . 
  was crimea at risk of a genocide ? 
  you mean homophobephobephobic ? 
  yes . 
  not sure poland is the best source of news about russia . 
  seems portugal eats a lot of everything . 
  so much for fish and chips . 
  spain has 1 million muslims and they still have n't been attacked either in the isis era . 
  because they do n't have any international influence related to muslim countries . 
  looks amazing . 
  this is described as a settlement https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%87atalh%c3%b6y%c3%bck it is n't just an obelisk . 
  so i guess the pyramids are n't monuments since they are on the list of oldest buildings ? 
  maybe the criterion is that these structures are ruins, 
  til that 3 out of 3 oldest buildings in the world are located in france . 
  maybe they do n't satisfy this : this article lists the oldest free-standing buildings constructed in the world , including on each of the continents and within each country . 
  `` building '' is defined as any human-made structure used or interface for supporting or sheltering any use or continuous occupancy . 
  in order to qualify for list a structure must : be a recognisable building ; incorporate features of building work from the claimed date to at least 1.5 metres ( 4.9 ft ) in height ; be largely complete or include building work to this height for most of its perimeter . 
  contains an enclosed area with at least one entry point . 
  the source each country 's gdp is different so this number can be a bit meaningless . 
  ireland gets a large gdp boost from big companies doing tax evasion there , that kind of thing has a very high `` productivity '' .
