  the euro can live without greece . 
  but can greece live without the euro ? 
  i 'm sorry about the greeks but the best thing that can happen for europe whould be that they vote no . 
  why ? 
  because their country would crash and burn and it would show the others what happens when we do n't respect the rules . 
  i think the eurozone would be much stronger after that . 
  then greece would be a vast field of poverty but well ... the greeks decided for themselves !, 
  we should help instead of punish . 
  let 's help the energetic transition with european funds and people will stop complaining . 
  i know it 's already the case but it needs to be clearer and more powerful . 
  global warming should be a top priority and europe should be the most advanced continent . 
  yeah , seeing how the russian minister reacted to the charlie hebdo drawings about the plane crash , i think russia is n't the best country to make this kind of joke . 
  you are right , america had an important contribution . 
  now let 's imagine that russia ( and the monster that is stalin ) had n't fought the germans . 
  europe would be 100 % nazi and the americans could n't have done much against this . 
  the perception french people had of the war in 45 just says it all . 
  it is true that america fought because they feared that europe might have become communist , that does n't mean the us and uk were n't true allies . 
  dude , i 'm not saying the americans were useless , i 'm just saying that decades of marshall plan , americanization of europe and saving private ryan completely changed our perception of ww2 . 
  just some data for you : here is who the french people thought was the country that contributed the most to germany 's defeat in 45 , 94 and 2004 : http://i.imgur.com/6euoctt.png here are the military deaths per front : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_%28world_war_ii%29#/media/file:world-war-ii-military-deaths-in-europe-by-theater-year.png i 'm not anti-american at all , i love my way of life , i 'm just being realistic . 
  i think the american role in ww2 is very exaggerated . 
  the war was won by the soviets , not the americans . 
  if you think the israeli terrorist attacks come from outside you must be clueless about the world . 
  the israeli intelligence is much bigger than the french one for a much smaller territory and population , and even they can not prevent all terrorist attacks . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are terrorist cells in every developed country . 
  they do n't fight to draw borders though so what you are saying does n't make sense . 
  it was touching  thanks , uk !, 
  the problem is that the ankara attacks are very controversial . 
  it is very possible that it was helped by your own government . 
  then the kurds are also fighting their independance war in hope that they might draw their own borders . 
  you should understand them . 
  we are not asking for its creation , we are asking for its activation . 
  not sure what it means though , obviously it 's not like other countries will send their armies to fight terrorists in paris . 
  do n't worry uk , we know you wo n't join us . 
  yes pls, 
  you forgot about mali which is where we probably had the biggest impact, 
  so i get downvoted because i do n't know the general opinion on the matter . 
  thanks reddit . 
  well it is unpopular since i 'm getting downvoted . 
  this might be an unpopular opinion but i 'd rather see no special treatment given to the uk and them leaving the eu than the opposite . 
  well he did n't really break any law . 
  too bad he had a dumb mother, 
  it 's her fault for being stupid . 
  and i do n't see why this reached the front page , it 's not that interesting . 
  every french poster had a different opinion here . 
  uk , italy , spain , even brazil ? 
  i 'll add mine and say that my favorite neighbor is germany . 
  you understand that this is not the same thing at all , right ? 
  we are all agreeing to the eu rules except for you , constantly trying to get a special treatment . 
  do n't be surprised if everybody hates you . 
  the only country acting arrogant here is the uk , wanting all the advantages of the eu without the drawbacks . 
  oh sure we understand you are a special snowflake . 
  of course !, 
  you have the absolute right to be a dick . 
  you sound like a dick . 
  went there last year and can confirm . 
  amazing place by the way !, 
  employment protection for these workers who can end up living in the street without notice . 
  obviously that 's because these guys have n't had any problem yet . 
  they wo n't be as happy when their employer does n't call them anymore and they realize what their 0-hour contract means . 
  i think your first sentence is 100 % wrong and i would like to see your source . 
  we are not creating amazing jobs , but at least we are not giving shitty jobs to people so they get exploited , and artificially reduce the unemployment rate . 
  let me add that germany has the same problem btw . 
  and i think our striking tradition is good for the country . 
  that 's how we do n't get shitty jobs like in the uk . 
  my source is here but i do n't think you can read it unless you 're somehow subscribing to lemonde : http://abonnes.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2015/09/03/au-royaume-uni-le-travail-precaire-s-ancre-plus-fortement_4744665_3234.html 4 % of contracts in the uk are 0 hours contracts . 
  the unemployment rate in the uk has decreased by 3 points in 4 years but it 's mostly due to the fact that the country allows precarious work . 
  [ here is a study from the european commission that compared the employment protection laws in different european countries ] ( https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=3&amp;ved=0cdeqfjacahukewi2tcpisz_iahuelogkhrw8bxa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fec.europa.eu%2fsocial%2fblobservlet%3fdocid%3d7925%26langid%3den&amp;usg=afqjcnh6_ntbzmimqrh5xbflyevmbsifjq&amp;sig2=vh40bdf4hvblvbikcgxmnw ) page 68 you can see that the uk is the worst by far . 
  and your remark about people prefering being unemployed than having a precarious job does n't make sense . 
  let 's just let people take any job , even one where they would be paid 1 $ / hour and get fired at any time without compensation , it 's their choice after all , right ? 
  that 's the difference between 10 % unemployment and 5 % unemployment . 
  at least in france we have real jobs , not underpayed 0 hour contracts that create precarious workers to reduce the unemployment rate . 
  i 'm pretty sure 95 % of the japanese people could n't place bulgaria on a map . 
  weird to think we have movies of these guys who were old 100 years ago . 
  i mean they lived at the same time as napoleon iii . 
  what 's that kind of monstruosity ? 
  people like him being the products of unions with filthy migrants are destroying the purity of the race . 
  so you 're saying luxembourg is retarded ? 
  i would say germany . 
  historically yes but definitely not currently . 
  the uk is much closer to you now . 
  i do n't like sarkozy but he 's definitely not stupid . 
  the etat civil is updated at birth and at death so i guess we are all inside . 
  do n't mind her , she 's completely retarded . 
  she 's always been famous for being the most stupid member of the sarkozy government . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  negociations should include public debate . 
  that 's how it works in my country . 
  the city must be populated only with incredibly beautiful and fit young guys and girls , climbing hills four times a day . 
  sure you do n't wan na live there ? 
  he just loves himself . 
  not 100 % sure what you are implying there . 
  would being a muslim from chechnya make him less russian ? 
  i think we all understand that 99.999 % of russians , muslim or not , do n't want to plant bombs in europe . 
  wow that 's interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  why so aggressive ? 
  was n't poland basically under napoleon 's control for the next 5 years and then he sacrificed half of the country in russia ? 
  i 'm surprised you do n't hate us more . 
  what kind of monster does n't like italy ? 
  does n't benefit you directly but it benefits your country a lot ( more even than other european countries ) which indirectly is a great benefit to you .
