  i do n't know what you learn in ireland but in france we learn that the eastern border of europe is the ural mountains . 
  to me moscow is part of europe . 
  the worst part is that he 's still scoring 19 % and might very well qualify for the second round . 
  just saying that in america , liberal is left-wing and in france it 's right-wing , so it 's a brain-twister to me . 
  oops my bad , i read it as `` the economist does n't adhere to economic liberalism '' . 
  i 'm definitely stupid and downvoting myself . 
  well there is nato . 
  i always have to twist my brain to understand an american talking about economics . 
  saying that france is more economically liberal than the uk ... it 's definitely the opposite . 
  do n't worry man , you 're out . 
  he used it the same way we say `` america '' for the united states . 
  no it 's not . 
  fillon is expected to beat m\u00e9lenchon . 
  i expected him to do better than 20 minutes of `` langue de bois '' . 
  i support macron but he was terrible in the debate . 
  i think keeping this as the main sentence of the debate is pure propaganda . 
  that 's not what i understood . 
  do you have a source ? 
  what m\u00e9lenchon wants you to vote on in the referendum is a ( very hypothetic ) newly negociated treaty ( i.e. 
  he will make us decide if we agree on the new treaty or if we prefer to exit the eu ) . 
  in any case he wo n't keep the old one and wo n't make a referendum about it ( he considers he 's elected to change that ) . 
  since there are large chances there wo n't be any new agreement , there probably wo n't be a referendum anyway . 
  except that it 's not a matter of interpretation but of understanding the data . 
  that 's a proof that you ca n't read . 
  ca n't help you . 
  you are wrong . 
  it was biased because she chose to leave out some part of the data . 
  for example during the debate , the uk was removed from her diagram , and it would have shown that it did n't do better than us despite not having the euro . 
  i know borsch , pelmeni , vareniki , piroshki and lamb plov . 
  also their president makes chocolate called mont blanc . 
  that has nothing to do with what he was saying though . 
  we could say auf wiedersehen to europe . 
  i think we should let our egos aside and build a common solution . 
  let the european flag be !, 
  well that 's subject to your interpretation . 
  that would be france or czech republic , depending on how you define `` atheist '' . 
  not wanting to defend lepen here ( she 's the worst thing that could happen to my country ) but her argument about crimea is that people there wanted to be part of russia . 
  you 'll have a hard time finding people in alsace who want to become german ( i 'm from alsace ) . 
  although we absolutely love our neighbours !, 
  france has a lower trust in the eu than the uk !, 
  how is that related to my comment ? 
  anyone who reads you will understand right away that you 're completely crazy . 
  there is no debating with crazy . 
  you are absolutely mental . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   when sth bad happen to them ( example they do n't receive help from stranger ) they start talking all poles are shit and racist is n't that exactly what you are doing by extrapolating the situation from this one turkish girl ? 
   some foreigners coming to poland demand being treated like king/queen but they do n't respect locals ( mostly rich students of medicine from arab countries ) arabs are shit but asians are cool . 
  i see . 
   part of our responsibility is to educate the rest of the world . 
  thanks , dad . 
  yeah we actually feel very insecure about brexit . 
  the eu is good for us and if we give a good deal to the uk , more countries might decide to leave in the future , which we do n't want . 
  you call us cowards , that 's fine . 
  i feel it 's just a normal reaction . 
  wow !, 
  i 've been in love with portugal since i 've visited porto . 
  glad you guys are doing well !, 
  hoping to visit a different portuguese city soon . 
  en marche is not a party . 
  you do n't pay for a membership and there is no exclusive relationship to it . 
  you can be part of ps or lr and still run for en marche . 
  not really . 
  up to the crisis we were focusing on expanding the eu . 
  we 've only really been talking about more federalism after we 've started recovering from the financial crisis . 
  i think a candidate like macron would absolutely be able to push this way . 
  he wants to create a minister of finance for the eurozone , which would be the most basic step . 
  m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to push for a federation at all , he wants a sovereign france . 
  he does n't want the european court to impose decisions on france and he wants to create local currencies in addition to the euro . 
  and if european countries do n't accept this , he 'd just leave the union . 
  i completely agree that it makes things difficult ( although the euro has been good for our economies overall ) and we should go towards increased federalism in europe but right now sovereignism is pretty popular in europe and making things harder ( looking at m\u00e9lenchon and le pen in france ) . 
  you 're not understanding the europa.eu data correctly . 
  you were looking at the `` expenditure '' graph which is showing how much money the eu is giving to germany ( equivalent to 0.47 % of their gni ) . 
  you should have looked at the `` revenue '' data . 
  much better is n't it ? 
  and comparing the usa and the eu does n't make any sense . 
  we are n't a federation ( yet ) . 
  we are much worse than north koreans . 
  well they have the largest contribution to the eu budget , by far . 
  so they do . 
  very good . 
  * twists mustache with a malicious grin *, 
  the clich\u00e9 in france is that people going to belgium are the millionaires who want to evade french taxes . 
  i understand your reaction . 
  i 'm far from saying germany should give us money or that the euro is n't good for us . 
  just trying to give some explanation on op 's data . 
  all the curves are parallel until the euro kicks in and all countries get a boost with germany getting a much faster slope ( yes 2.66 x vs 2.07 x is a huge difference for economies that size ) but yes it 's probably just due to reforms . 
  not saying otherwise , but the euro has a much greater impact on germany than on the rest of europe . 
  look at this : http://donnees.banquemondiale.org/indicateur/ne.exp.gnfs.cd?contextual=region&amp;end=2015&amp;locations=de&amp;name_desc=false&amp;start=1990 see how german exports grew much faster than the rest after the introduction of the euro . 
  edit : just noticed the link might be in french , but it should exist in german too , it 's data from the world bank . 
  you 're the dead weight here , mate . 
  just google this village to see more pictures because it 's really amazing . 
  the window on the left is absolutely gigantic !, 
  because they look too ugly . 
  that 's because the euro is under-valuated with respect to your economy and it is over-valuated for most other countries in europe ( including france ) , boosting the german exports and harming exports from other countries . 
  stop fighting and make love please :( spain is great . 
  why was this downvoted ? 
  the last poll in 2011 gave 40 % yes and 52 % no so it 's not so crazy . 
  and if flanders gets rid of them like stray dogs the number increase . 
  eh ... not sure having a very low score is good there when you look at the points taken into account :  dealing with construction permits -- procedures , time and cost to build a warehouse yeah i guess if you can build anything anywhere it 's good for companies but who wants a chemical factory as a neighbour ? 
  procedures are good .
