did randall munroe teach you that by any chance ? 
  comparing tourist destinations is like europa universalis : it 's a game to see who comes second to france . 
  king haakon also sent a series of radio messages from london , which were important to morale and the resistance movement, 
  2/4 ai n't bad, 
  `` i sell petroleum and petroleum accessories '', 
  that 's pretty cute that you remember all their usernames . 
  omg, 
  ^ lemonmylyman is right , i just forgot about str\u00f8msgodset . 
  but also , as a fredrikstad fan from an area full of godset fans i like not to think about their success too much . 
  ** norway ** * the biggest story this week is certainly that former pm jens stoltenberg ( arbeiderpartiet - the labor party ) is announced the next secretary general of nato , starting in october . 
  there 's plenty of speculation on what that means for the future structure in the leadership of arbeiderpartiet , with jonas gahr st\u00f8re looking likely to become the next leader . 
  mostly of course it is very exciting to see a norwegian take on the nato job at a time when nato is looking more relevant than it has for a decade and a half . 
  * tippeligaen , the top flight of norwegian soccer , started its 2014 season - norwegian soccer follows a different season than most european leagues , playing spring to fall as opposed to vice versa . 
  tippeligaen should be interesting this year , with rosenborg and molde looking the most solid sides . 
  once again , however , it will be without fredrikstad so really who cares . 
  * viswanathan anand won the candidates tournament and will again be magnus carlsen 's opponent in the chess world cup in november . 
  did you know that only three english football teams have a swear word in them ? 
  scunthorpe , arsenal and manchester fucking united . 
  * l'acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise sorry , do n't mean to be a grammar nazi , but i figured if you 're learning french you might want the feedback !, 
  edit : l'ai-lu sounds like a fantastic name though, 
  you really want tr\u00f8ndelag ? 
  ok but now you have to deal with their music , sense of fashion and smug rosenborg fans bragging about the 90s, 
  there 's a stereotype in norway that danes ca n't tell norwegian and swedish apart . 
  how true is that ? 
  cool , thanks, 
  and russia is a heroic space tartar . 
  this is really cool , but i would have enjoyed it a lot more without the `` okay , uh ... now we do the '' after every one . 
  yeah i was curious about that since there is no one spoken dialect that is the model for nynorsk . 
  [ \u0281 ] is the french pronunciation of r , right ? 
  that 's the most common way to pronounce it in most of western norway ( skarre-r ) , so you were right on the money there . 
   `` no '' sorry , i do n't speak spanish . 
  did ... did you just include nynorsk ? 
  not even norwegians usually remember about nynorsk . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  also interesting that the greek islands are all turkish, 
  do you have any data on hand about how many use snus ? 
  also i 've heard that in sweden practically only men use snus , is that right ? 
  in norway it 's normal for women to use it too . 
  sweden at 16 % ... 
  i feel like this is n't including snus . 
  here to confirm the above approval on behalf of my nation, 
  minor correction : most of the nobel prizes ( physics , chemistry , medicine , literature , economics ) are awarded in stockholm , but the nobel peace prize is awarded in oslo . 
  all the award money comes from a fund consisting of nobel 's personal fortune - as the inventor of dynamite , he was filthy rich but also felt he had brought a lot of suffering to the world and wanted to make amends by funding these prizes . 
  it would have to be in the * city * with the highest density . 
  this map is going to be accurate , dammit !, 
  have been to football game against england , can confirm ing-gur-laaand, 
  i think i 've seen him on qi ? 
  could you link some of these studies please ? 
  i believe you but i 'd love to see them, 
  i know a couple of very intelligent and open-minded poles irl ... 
  i do n't think insulting their entire nationality particularly helps our argument, 
  `` feminized men '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  they 'll know how to cook and clean ? 
  yeah that 'll be the end of civilization . 
  ... i was sure your last comment said something different when i responded , but you do n't have an edited-asterisk . 
  did you ninja-edit and i just happened to load the page within the seconds that it was something else ? 
  anyway i 'm pretty sure you 're just trolling . 
  so , you know , have fun with that . 
  lol you 're serious are n't you go look up the definition of `` ironic '' , by the way . 
  that 's my understanding , at least . 
  oh , ok . basically same deal as in uruguay then ? 
  really ? 
  i thought it had already passed the assembly in february . 
  that 's what wiki says , anyway . 
  here to confirm that cardiff is a lovely and modern city with nice people and a badass castle, 
  beat me to it !, 
  is that an actual qr code ? 
  what does it do ? 
  i 've heard the germans go to poland for cheap booze , not sure if true . 
  and the poles to lithuania . 
  did any of those joke names stick around ? 
  are there still dutch people called pancake or from behind ? 
  really ? 
  you 've met people from idaho and wyoming , but not texas ? 
  i have trouble believing those are even real places . 
  basically a bunch of statues that are meant to express various human emotions , interactions and relationships . 
  i guess this one is parental frustration ? 
  anyway , they 're all naked . 
  screw that , if it goes below denmark, 
  genius . 
  ireland will be rolling in ferraris before long, 
  in norway , rye-only bread is called `` danish rye bread '' ( dansk rugbr\u00f8d ), 
  the best ones are though . 
  by my boy don rosa, 
  i think you win ... at least until someone from monaco or the vatican shows up, 
  wild swine, 
  you * just * joined the [ afc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asian_football_confederation ) . 
  make up your minds australia !, 
  woah , seriously ? 
  i did n't know any of this . 
  who is he , robert baratheon ? 
  merci !, 
  she was not invited , sadly . 
  happy easter !, 
  my parents went to copenhagen for the weekend so i 'm cat-sitting . 
  it 's really chill . 
  and i got an unexpected dinner invitation from my brother and his girlfriend . 
  it 's not like your new country would have any less hostility - i doubt all of armenia , kurdistan and cyprus would be particularly happy being part of greater turkey . 
  and you just inherited syria .
