  maybe it is time to invite a foreign one !, 
  illegal trade sanctions ?!, 
  what do you mean ? 
  we merely want to make sure each product , including that specific jar of orange marmalade , complies to eu and each individual country 's regulations . 
  please , provide a certificate for the specific 3 oranges in that jar that they were not gmo . 
  yo-ho-ho ! , lets sail the high seas , one-eyed matey !, 
  if uk tries that , there will be dire consequences . 
  both legal ( un courts ) and practical ( uk will lose 44 % of its trade ) . 
  i am sure eu can take the hit of shutting down all ties with uk . 
  economy is picking up , there is heavy surpluses here and there ... 
  well , that also means there will be no pensions that eu can pay to your own citizens ... 
   firstly the eu accounts for a minority of uk trade well , that does not make it better . 
  if your boss comes and tells you `` see , i will cut a minority of your salary - just 44 % . '', 
  do you think you will be ok ? 
  or maybe let 's wait another 2 years , he might cut just 39 % ... 
  what bulgaria should do is a complete and extremely detailed check for each bus and passenger that comes to bulgaria in the next couple of days . 
  that was a reference to the bonus that porsche decided to give to ** each ** employee for their bets year ever . 
  how about giving 9111 euros to each citizen ? 
   are turkish people really this blind ? 
  erdogan is a new lenin/stalin . 
  you ca n't beat that by just opening your eyes . 
  in turkey you are not safe at all . 
  no matter who you are . 
  the thing is : this bs is not about netherlands at all . 
  it is about creating enemies to the turkish people , creating danger , creating fear and distrust . 
  so they can come and claim they can give the needed security . 
  same old populist tactics , same old ... 
  butuuunsssd ... my precioussssss ... 
  and build the foundations for the several shit hells that we have now ? 
  the wind of the freefall will be deafening ... 
  one way or another uk will pay for not paying ... 
  this view is definitely ... edgy . 
  maybe well beyond the edge of sound thinking ... 
  ok , ok , you win !, 
  now let my leg go !, 
  why the sarcasm ? 
  crunchiness is basically low content of water and weak structure of the product . 
  it is fairly simple to use a material tester and check at what force application a wafer breaks . 
  the wetter ones will break under greater force . 
  thus delivering a proof that in east they sell you water for the price of a premium product . 
  the law allows it . 
  it 's basically legalized counterfeit . 
  they exploit the brand to sell shit . 
  if you happen to pass by a lidl in bulgaria , buy the lidl simple dark chocolate ( the one in red foil , 100g ) . 
  bring it to netherlands and buy the same from you local lidl . 
  make a blind test with your family . 
  i was subjected to such . 
  the bulgarian chocolate was grainy and dry , like filled with chalk powder . 
  the dutch one was smooth and silky . 
  no one can convince me that the majority of the people would prefer the bulgarian chocolate . 
  no , they are not asking for it . 
  you ca n't ban adaptation but one can simply force the companies to put a big label on all products `` adapted for < naming the countries for which the food is the same  '' . 
  it is wrong to profit form a brand name and deliver shit . 
  this is basically legalizing counterfeit . 
  username checks out ... 
  the important question though still remains : what is the second experiment ? 
  west germany sword against east germany sword ? 
  for bulgaria it is easy to explain . 
  we basically had shut down all our industrial production because we lost the east european markets in the 90s . 
  well usa and canada for sure outsourced heavily too . 
  and look at them . 
  i a missing for belgium . 
  `` nice beer !, 
  from which part of germany did you import it ? '', 
  and still after all these loses we are incredibly chill about so many things ... 
  seriously , compared to what other neighbours have going we are like nonchalant , friendly ice-cream vendors . 
  take the greeks . 
  they will raise voice or even fists if you just forget to put fryo in front of macedonia . 
  that 's what , 3000 years ago ? 
  and in the last 20 years we accepted that one of our dialect is now officially a macedonian language . 
  they call half of our kings and revolutionaries their own and we just `` whatever , bro '' . 
  yes , you could . 
  the radiation cloud was in the air and blown over europe . 
  one could have stayed inside for few days , limit going outside . 
  instead it was a worm time of the year and many people went outdoors , breathing in the radioactive particles . 
  there is a huge difference between inhaling/ingesting radioactive material and having it on you shoes . 
  and the fucking assholes hid that from the people for days and days !, 
  you almost got me !, 
  nice try , mrs may . 
  oh , swap eu for usa . 
  veeeeery smart . 
  its easy for the finns . 
  just give 5 rifles to 5 guys and nobody will dare to challenge them . 
  and one more that ended as a reply to mine : https://youtu.be/uydht0hg1ik?t=344, 
  ] ( http://www.open-britain.co.uk/leave_campaigners_let_s_stay_in_the_single_market ), 
  i am not for the blood of uk . 
  but uk can not get a great deal . 
  uk can get only a fair deal . 
  any better than that is well , not fair . 
  uk is not special to get a special treatment . 
  and if eu members can not agree what a fair deal means , well , it means uk will get the automatic harsh deal . 
  but i am sure uk was well aware of that before the vote , right ? 
  but on the other hand  eleanor sharpston , the european court of justice 's advocate general , issued a legal opinion ruling that an eu free trade deal with singapore must be agreed by all member states . 
   it will just be wto-access to the eu for the uk absolutely . 
  just to put it in perspective . 
  38 national and regional parliaments have to approve the exit deal . 
  how on earth can this happen within these 2 short years ?!, 
  no way !, 
  they will not even agree whether to extend or not the negotiation period within 2 years . 
   it 's going to be entierely eu 's choice , the uk will take whatever they are given .
