  are you going to get violent ? 
  [ the good thing is that your cat is safe . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/11/larry-the-cat-will-not-be-evicted-from-no-10-cabinet-office-confirms ) thus we averted the biggest treat to eu !, 
  depends on definition of soon . 
  looking at the uk 's organization i think these will be good for 5-6 years or maybe more ... 
  yep , random questions not related to brexit . 
  let 's ask all of them . 
  i continue : how many testicles does your cat have ? 
  and where are the numbers ? 
  please , clean them after plucking them . 
  ahhh , the great `` what about '' - ism !, 
  the mess uk is now is internal matter . 
  what is external is the divorce that needs to happen asap . 
  well , in the first week after the vote , the economy already lost about 400 bln . 
  city of london is now ~ 600 bln , easily will go to half . 
  scotland is now ~ 200 bln . 
  so there , without even accounting the further catastrophes , you are easily going to be around brazil/russia on gdp . 
  give it couple of years of failing negotiations with eu and veto from left , right and outside , and you will get closer to 20th place ... 
  with this approach you might have a suk ( semi-united kingdom ) and not uk before a50 is triggered . 
  let 's see how economy which is outside the top 20 can get a good deal with eu . 
  good . 
  leave today - we will negotiate later how to trade and be nice neighbors . 
  fine , be british to the bitter end . 
  let 's see how this plays out in the long run and how long will eu tolerate extortion and blackmail . 
   well , it 's not as if the uk is n't also experiencing a reduction in growth forecasts . 
  sure , but this is the same as if you come to my house , block all doors and windows and start shitting on the carpet . 
  we both will suffer the smell , but why should i ?!, 
  if you want to shit , you should be sent to your house and do it there . 
  well , of course you can go the usual british way . 
  but i am sure there will be consequences to that . 
  let 's wait and see what . 
  and that 's why uk must trigger a50 today already . 
  so , please leave now . 
  tomorrow you can already use the wto deals , so there is no need for negotiations . 
  just gtfo . 
  i like that !, 
  i honestly think this is not good enough . 
  uk may stay in this state for years , why not decades . 
  and this will hurt eu seriously . 
  eu needs to force them by end of summer to trigger a50 . 
  even if it means to pull some shitty legal mumbo-jumbo move . 
  well , nice story , but it is internal matter . 
  deal with it internally and do n't bother us with it . 
  please , keep your promise and stop dragging the whole eu and uk economy down . 
  well , 52 % of the average joes that voted . 
  nice story , but i do n't really care . 
  it is entirely internal matter . 
  uk must leave now because with this dragging it affects the whole eu . 
   no one really expected ` leave ' to win . 
  not my problem . 
  should not be the problem also for 450 million people whose economies will get negative impact from the limbo state . 
  i hope eu twists uk arms , even waterboards uk if needed , to get this over by september 2018 . 
  of course , but this is do called hygienic factor . 
  once you have it , you do n't notice it anymore unless it goes wrong . 
  same with the clean streets - if they are kept clean you take it for granted . 
  until there is huge street party and you see the mess next day . 
  what matters most :  as she launched her leadership campaign , mrs may declared `` brexit means brexit and we 're going to make a success of it . '' she added :  `` there will be no attempts to remain inside the eu , no attempts to rejoin it by the back door , and no second referendum . 
   `` the country voted to leave the european union , and as prime minister i will make sure that we leave the european union . '', 
  but for all legal purposes , each company in each market is subject to the local law and the local regulatory body has to make the local companies do stuff . 
  also , so far , each country has a little different implementation of the common eu directives . 
  each national operator has a different set of highly-paid lawyers and so on . 
  it is not about ownership and mother companies , but about legal bickering on country level . 
  for all practical purposes ** it is ** 26x3 . 
  it is one thing to force price , and another to implement technology that needs investment . 
  especially , if there is no legal obligation with current licences . 
  if a company decides against bidding for new frequencies you ca n't force them . 
  5g is not that much about the download speed for an individual , but more about prioritising traffic for the internet of things , business applications , and less congestion . 
  for the consumer on the street it means practically nothing . 
  you wo n't see it on your phone . 
  that 's very hard to achieve , eu-wide . 
  you ca n't force 26x3 operators , who are subject to 26 different laws to upgrade their network . 
  this would take years , or decade if you go the `` horns first '' path . 
  also true . 
  still , real sportsmanship does not depend on what the others think or do . 
  childish relationships - for sure ... 
  but it 's ok . 
  the classy game : both sportsmanship - and showmanship-wise is long gone . 
  but you should have won it with previous team/another performance . 
  what happened ? 
  no sportsmanship happened . 
  when this happens , you go to the referee and admit it 's your fault and prevent the yellow card for the other . 
  but then again , you have to be a proper man to do that . 
  it 's only fair . 
  after france greece 'd germany , it was their turn . 
  i see this as a non-issue . 
  uk can talk and agree on any deal with anybody . 
  but these can not be active while uk is still part of eu . 
  part of the negotiation after article 50 invocation is to define the date of the final exit . 
  if this can not be agreed then it automatically is set to 2 years after the invocation . 
  easy-peasy ... 
  generally , what to you define as backward mentality ? 
  specifically : what do you mean with the statement that in sofia women have to get a man to get them out on the street ? 
  are these the muslim women , or all women ? 
  if this is supposed to be true for non-muslim women , the statement is beyond ridiculous . 
  sofia is as liberal as any european capital . 
  this is as if you say that in london the men have to wear swords on the streets . 
  bernie is against trade agreements . 
  it 's perfect for uk when they wake up and see they have none . 
  here is a thought : why do n't you ask bernie sanders to head the uk for 4 years ? 
  the corn producing lobby :  ha-ha !,
