  - you see !, 
  i told you - shouts the man - there is even no bullets !, 
  does n't matter popularity . 
  there is no money for this . 
  the minimum pension is now 80 euros . 
  they swore to make it 150 euros , but settled `` reluctantly '' for 100 . 
  if they spend money on completely useless military and not pursue increase of pensions , they will not be in the next parliament . 
  of course it 's bs . 
  there is no money to equip , train , house , feed , transport , etc that many people . 
  it is extremely easy to make people cry . 
  the really hard thing in art and performance is to make people laugh . 
  oh , so pretentious !, 
  i do n't like it , but i give that to you - you may like it . 
  so have fun with these sort if statements . 
  but also let others have their own choice in music . 
  what i can definitely insist on is that there should be music with feelings and with content , but also music that relaxes you without much effort , also music that just makes you jump mindlessly to dance . 
  i 'd hate a world that the only music available is the one that makes you cry and weep ... 
  and that 's why we should just confiscate all the cocoa from the swiss and let them make their chocolate with soya beans ... 
  there , post-brexit budget fixed ... 
  why not armenian ? 
  absolutely !, 
  but only of it really reaches them in printed form . 
  paper can be used to make soup and serve as wc supplies . 
  few accidental bumps with proper military vessels might work the same ... 
  found the soros aide . 
  slow day at the phone , eh ? 
  in usa `` landslide '' is in the single digits ... 
  let 's them satisfy their thirst for royalty news in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  uk imports 25 % of the food it consumes . 
  but a good , healthy option is to ask everyone to lose 25 % weight . 
  that will teach eu !, 
  if i could care less , i would . 
  but do n't know how . 
  this is so unrepresentative for eu . 
  conditions vary so much between countries it is not even plausible to come up with reasonable average . 
  i know reading the whole article is very , very hard , so there you go :  the eu 's chief negotiator michel barnier is due to publish his guidelines for the talks later although they are not likely to include any financial demands . 
  no need to thank me ... 
  they should but their quality went down to tabloid-level bs . 
  maybe they should consider a business model where they print the newspaper on toilet paper . 
  that ought to drive sales too !, 
  from the article itself :  the eu 's chief negotiator michel barnier is due to publish his guidelines for the talks later although they are not likely to include any financial demands . 
  so , bbc , thank you for your tabloid-level bs titles . 
  about [ that chart with migration ] ( https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/fd4b/production/_95834846_migration-v2.png ) . 
  i wonder what happened with the much bigger spike of non-eu migrants in ~ 1998 ( while eu-migration was virtually 0 ) ? 
  what happened there ? 
  were these very skilled migrants ( all 220 thousands of them ! ), 
  and the working class felt no loss of jobs ?!, 
  would you please note that only in the last 2-3 years the non-eu migration went down to meet the rising eu migration ? 
  from your last reference :  net migration of european union ( eu ) citizens showed an increase of 42,000 to 180,000 , with the number from countries outside the bloc also up 36,000 to 201,000 to me it seems the non-eu problem was a lot bigger and now is slightly bigger then the eu one . 
  what is uk going to do about it ? 
  what leave vote will address that ?!, 
  maybe leave earth ?!, 
  i really do n't expect any answers , because these are not pre-cooked by bbc , ft and the other tabloid-quality media . 
  so here is the real truth : what uk needed to do is to fix its handling of migration and actually apply the existing eu regulations to all eu migrants , and thus keeping the cost of labour higher by employing british . 
  it is proven over and over again that uk chose not to use all the tools available within the eu regulations . 
  even mrs. may half-heatedly said eu-immigration will not be closed in a binary manner as of 2019 . 
  instead , your beloved scum ( = government ) decided to keep this going on , in order to please the business with cheap labour , create chaos/crisis/hardship , then enlarge it by the press . 
  all that in order their sponsors to reap the profits by going for brexit , followed by deregulations , and privatizations , and so on . 
   one of the most economically deprived areas of the whole eu oh , really ?!, 
  i invite you to north-east bulgaria, 
   ah yes the old british people are stupid and were tricked by the media line such obviously true statements add nothing to the discussion ... 
  financial times , not eu , cited a think-thank that thinks the bill will be 100 bil . 
  and not even that . 
  they think these 100 bil are bruto . 
  uk will get back money over a decade and the end net bill will be around 60 bil . 
  will you try reading before fucking outraging ? 
  it is not that hard . 
  i mean reading . 
  fucking outraging is very easy . 
  < slow but long clap  we need this to be the top comment !, 
  well , let me tell you of another poll with similar credibility . 
  100 % of those who ate blueberries today and visited my blog will not vote for le pen . 
  so she is trumping all over the place ? 
  how shocking ... 
  nobody expects the surprise federalization !, 
  but free market is about getting the best prices , not asking for a modest and fair profit . 
  therefore the other suppliers will ask for a price that is a bit lower than the price eu suppliers would have , which of course will be higher than the current, 
  i was talking about the framework = the basic principles of the negotiation . 
  these did n't change . 
  technical details - they will always will , but the order of discussion and scope was super clear and all 27 agreed on it . 
  no country went - `` but i want to secure my market first , before i talk about humans ! '' ... 
  except for uk , that is ... 
  trump , is that you ?!, 
  should n't you stick to shorter , 160 character-long , messages ? 
  framework = / = free trade agreement or any specific deal . 
  the framework is already clear - uk will be just another country to eu . 
  and that 's being taken into account . 
  a lot . 
  let me decode you stance then : we are very special and we demand the most special treatment of them all !, 
  or else !, 
  we will hold our breath until you get scared and give in !, 
  they should dry it and rehydrate it in china . 
  will save tons of resources , especially water . 
   every couple of days we hear of a new red line or ` hardened ' stance from their side not true . 
  every couple of days you hear the same things repeated again and again , because obviously trumpism is contagious . 
  nothing changed . 
  from the very beginning the eu stance is crystal clear . 
  it just got confirmed formally last weekend . 
  note - the confirmation took just 15 min , which means nothing changed . 
  let 's see ... tarrifs go up .
