  he was a devoted catholic , except he wanted a new wife . 
  as a matter of fact the church of england did not change much after he pulled away from rome . 
  but he not only got a new wife . 
  he also got for himself all the property of the religious organizations in england . 
  you understand that this was completely impossible if the pope was the head of a catholic english church , right ? 
  so , there is a reasonable question . 
  what uk wand to do with human rights , when they get away for the head of the rights in eu ? 
  give more rights to the citizens ? 
  very , very unlikely ... 
   if it 's not affecting you personally , what 's the big deal ? 
  but it is !, 
  i love the british culture !, 
  i love to go to uk for vacation !, 
  i do n't want to cross uk out of my destinations . 
  no , mass surveillance without any watchdogs is the first thing behind the corner . 
  just throw treaties at her and see the insane dodging she can do !, 
  she got the moves !, 
   fairly sure mass murder and torture is illegal in the uk without the echr . 
  for now ... no one knows the future . 
  exactly what henry said before he started his chain of marriages and executions . 
  `` we no need no stinking european christianity !, 
  we make our own !, 
  we were christians long before this stupid pope forbid banishing my wife !, 
  godamit ! '', 
  well , kind of the same argument created the church of england , right ? 
  `` i am not against christianity per se , but i 'd like to have the final say how to reflect those values in my life ... now , lets proceed with that banishment i wanted and bring me my next wife ! '', 
  well , to be honest most things work in/with cycles . 
  maybe it is time for uk to complete one and become the nk of europe ? 
   britain needs an intervention . 
  absolutely !, 
  as a first measure , i propose to implement [ all the myths that mainly their press was pushing in the last decades ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) . 
  but not as bad as for uk . 
  so cheer up !, 
  let 's add bulgaria to this exact pot , too ... 
  well , you do n't need to build a proper prison with individual cells and tv . 
  pick a barren land , make a 5 meter wall , throw in some tents , and you are set . 
  and of course , allow anyone that likes to leave the country on his own account to do so via an airport/ship . 
  feeding is very cheap if you go for staple food and vitamin supplements . 
  the costs per year will be a lot less than 75k . 
  i can organize the whole operation probably as cheap as 600 euro per person per year + some millions for initial investment . 
  bonus : now you even have a permanent residence address to send correspondence from the authorities ... 
  working against your own citizens is unracist , noble and guarantees place in heaven . 
   so this guy was under surveillance?where did you read that ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/20/everything-know-suspected-berlin-christmas-market-attacker/  in fact , he was well-known to police , and had long been identified as a potential terrorist . 
  he was supposed to be under surveillance , but had somehow managed to give his watchers the slip just weeks before, 
   i hate to be that guy ... but who does the classification of terrorist threat ? 
  anyone with unproven names , origin and past is a potential threat and should be treated accordingly . 
  example , say 10,20,30 years ago , you land in paris , go to passport control and say `` i do n't have papers '' . 
  what happened ? 
  they detained you and did not just waved you in . 
   we should detain anyone who has no legal papers . 
  they have no legal right to be here ( at least not yet ) . 
  they should n't be allowed freedom of movement on the european soil . 
  and this is also conforming the law that is applied to non-refugees . 
  so it is another incentive - do not to create discrimination towards your own citizens and create favoritism for everybody else, 
   with the uk having the strictest and most us like system well , no . 
  here is the comparison b/n uk and us : for 5 year term , reconviction rates is 55 % for usa , and 72 % for uk . 
  so your argument regarding similarity is moot . 
   this is already taken into account though . 
  if it was thought that the criminal in question would still pose a significant threat to society after 7 years , the sentence would n't be that short . 
  and is absolutely working 100 % !!!!, 
  look the reconviction rates for similar countries are just : france - 59 % , germany - 48 % , netherlands - 48 % , uk - 76 % !, 
  amazing !, 
  and this leads to ... 20-78 % re-conviction rates , depending on country and term ... very reassuring , not !, 
  plus , none of these measures can prevent this guy to go to the next swimming pool event and do the same . 
   the justice system has a variety of safeguards to make sure that the people released do not reoffend like ? 
  edit : check the tables in this study to see how super effective ( not ) are these mechanisms that you will now give . 
   at least you 'll be able to jerk yourself off to your revenge fantasy , right ? 
   punishment for punishment 's sake exists for justice boners only . 
  jail is so much more than punishment . 
  it is the only sure way to isolate the offender and not give him the chance to rape again tomorrow . 
  i do n't care about punishment , i care nobody else to suffer form his lack of `` weigh up the consequences of their actions when deciding to rape a child '' . 
  so from my point of view , jail for life is quite well suited . 
   and be cured of his problems how can you , or anybody , cure and guarantee that the guy is cured ?!, 
  for me the only acceptable solution is to make sure he would not be physically able to perform the same crime . 
  logically there are 3 options : 1 . 
  his mind is changed for good 2 . 
  he is isolated from society for life 3 . 
  he is castrated and let go free from these 3 options , only 2 are 100 % foolproof and only one is really cheap . 
  and because i am generous , i would offer him to make a free choice between options 2 and 3 . 
  fair enough ? 
  so what would reprieve this specific victim ? 
  plus , dont forget . 
  prison time is also isolation form society and prevention from recurring . 
  if , by some magical means , one can conclude that the offender is not going to change , i would welcome a lifetime long isolation form society without any pardon . 
  here is a good summary of them all . 
  indeed - mostly coming from uk http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/, 
  there is a difference between `` you old cow !, 
  it is your f *** ing age !, 
  it is all your fault , damn it !, 
  now , f ** k off ! '', 
  and `` it 's your fault . 
  you are too old !, 
  next ! '', 
  and `` look , this is not very uncommon . 
  with age there certain processes take place that makes conception harder and the risk of miscarriage increases . 
  additionally , you are most probably under heightened risk of < bla  . 
  there are ( no ) options to make this better , ( un ) fortunatley . '', 
  now , which one do you think is the best way to deliver the message ? 
  the asshole way , the dutch way , or the human way ?
