  like a 2nd president ? 
  that 's a bit too much ... 
  funny enough , the picture they used is pont du gard which was built without cement or mortar ... 
   almost all of eastern europe ~ ~ had to go ~ ~ is still going through this . 
  ftfy, 
  best of five ? 
  seven ? 
  eleven ? 
  good math with wrong input is useless ... 
  both boxes in test had 15 pieces . 
  conveniently ignoring that they put more washing powder because otherwise it wo n't wash !, 
   getting a kickback via some kind of affiliate link there is your answer . 
  if google is almost the sole linker of customers to sellers , they will make a googilion of dollars profit and the other linkers will vanish . 
  is fake . 
  i see no bears drinking vodka and waiting for cyclist snack . 
   suprised this has received so many downvotes , it 's just a statement of historical fact you are not supposed to write your version of history for every post on reddit . 
   enjoy the weekend  ftfy, 
  i think the most realistic outcome is uk to keep the relationship close to the current one but to start paying more ( e.g. 
  current budget contribution but none of the thatcher rebates ) . 
  in this way both sides can claim victory and we can go on ... 
  better ask those that slapped these labels to the labour party ... 
  i kot competent to answer bs . 
  the feature with the do chalked common law us that law is created by court rulings ... 
  it would mean that certain people , no matter how they vote , can not be in government . 
  absolutely !, 
  thee are limits to the democratic process . 
  for example you do n't want any other those people in any government : pedophiles , nazis , racists , etc. 
  right ? 
  in your own link one of the constitutional principles is the supremacy of the ecj . 
  and this is going to be kicked out . 
  so obviously with uk , anything goes ... 
   i once read an article that if greece was n't in the eurozone it 's economic collapse would n't be as severe as it was . 
  and the crisis would be much milder because the eurozone enabled them to borrow like there is no tomorrow at nice rates . 
   no idea how any uk politician could sell this as a victory make a white/grey/nuclear-color paper explaining what is the effect of `` absolutely no deal '' and show that a norway deal is not half-bad in comparison to the meltdown ... 
  it will be hard for may to do so , but any fresh cannon fodder can try it for sure ... 
   we get placed in our super special ukfta cage about that ... 
  i hope the `` super special '' is not again `` super privileged '' ... 
  ok , the idea was born 5 years before that . 
  fine . 
  like it changes anything . 
  the current fact that supports there is no such thing as a macedonian nation is that there is not a single ethnic bulgarian in fyrom . 
  there are ethnic bulgarian minority in greece , serbia , romania , turkey , but not in fyrom . 
  the logical explanation is that all bulgarians were renamed macedonians . 
   and the idea of a separate macedonian language and nation existed long before 1945 ) no . 
  there you go : prior to the declaring of the so called standard macedonian in 1945 , the macedonian dialects were classified as dialects of bulgarian . 
  references : mazon , andr\u00e9 . 
  contes slaves de la mac\u00e9doine sud-occidentale : \u00c9tude linguistique ; textes et traduction ; notes de folklore , paris 1923 , p. 4 . 
  historically , macedonians looked to bulgaria as the `` motherland '' . 
  the freedom fighters , celebrated as macedonian national heroes said that , not me . 
  the macedonism was invented by a serbian politician to suffocate the bulgarian roots of the people in macedonia . 
  his name is stojan novakovic and he did that in the very end of the 19th century . 
  maybe it is related that in the period 1890-1900 about 200,000 move from macedonia to bulgaria . 
  so again , macedonian nation and language are artificially created based on replacing of the history by political bs games . 
  this . 
  uk made a fuckup . 
  uk has to pay . 
  ( same as bulgaria - we made many fuckups - we paid . ), 
  do n't care if may was drunk , labor was weak , ukip lied to much , or whatever . 
  if uk is still drunk like it is now , the acceptable end state would be a norway type of deal , where uk complies fully to the rules of the eu market and pays fully the cost for participation . 
  basically , what they have now but without the rebates and without having a say in the decisions . 
  this is not revenge . 
  it is isolating the madness . 
  uk has caused enough damage already and can not be trusted to be a full member with severely reduced contributions anymore . 
  also this :  q : the uk may soon make a `` generous '' offer to protect some citizens ' rights . 
  does the offer seem generous to you ? 
   michel barnier : i do n't really know what `'' generous '' means . 
  i want to preserve the rights of the british in the eu and the citizens of the 27 in the uk , and [ maintain ] the rights acquired by the citizens and their families up until the day of brexit in a lasting manner . 
  i do n't know if it 's generous to preserve the rights of people and their families who are worried . 
  i want to be fair in this situation . 
  `` generous '' ?!, 
  really ?!, 
  next thing will be `` we feel generous so we will not flog you , you filthy foreign job stealing scum ! '', 
  uhm ... as bulgarian i am pretty set that my skopjan brothers clean up their act and stop the absurd bs claims on bulgarian history too ... should i add that even the so called macedonian language has no historical roots ? 
  unless you consider communist propaganda of 1945 for history , of course ... 
  maybe trump university is not the very best source of historical facts . 
  just maybe ... 
  its time bulgaria to chip in . 
  so `` western bulgaria '' it is !, 
  changing hame is pointless . 
  the reasonable thing for them to do is to follow one of their former prime minister and get a bulgarian passport . 
  then we just build a highway to skopje and wecome them back to `` mother bulgaria '' as the most respected freedom fighter from that region wanted . 
   on the one hand the ` slav macedonians ' for lack of a better word have their own state , own language called macedonian and also derive part of their culture from ancient macedonians . 
  there is no such people . 
  nor such language . 
  they were invented not even 100 years ago and forced to the world by loud shouting and fabricating history . 
  it 's like saying there is a distinct group of people called londoners and they have their own language and must break away from uk to form a country . 
  in this train if thoughts western bulgaria is also very accurate ... 
  as some brexit fan stated , they will just automate everything - nurses , doctors , probably also undertakers to streamline the process . 
  what happened with the rest ? 
  did they leave uk already ? 
  the rumour was that even during the commie time turkey had a plan to reach sofia in 8 hours . 
  and that was with the obligatory military service , all the gear and infra we had back then ... 
  this begs for a commie time joke . 
  a man is waiting on a long queue for bread . 
  and he is swearing all the time : - see !, 
  there is no bread , no meat , no nothing ! ... 
  you have to queue for everything ... 
  there is no nails , no hammers , no noting ! ... 
  a guy behind him hisses in his ear : - shut up !, 
  i am from the secret police , and if you do n't shut up , i will hit you with my gun !,
