  i just hate that they promised no preliminary negotiations before article 50 and now they do it . 
  sure . 
  that will pass with sanding ovations in all member countries . 
  i suspect they will vote to give 5 % of their gdp as gift to uk as well . 
  monthly . 
   why the hell erdogan would start a war with the west when the nation is on turmoil and when he has already an open front with syria ? 
  why not ? 
  if erdogan sees as utmost importance to shut down schools and charities , i do n't see why his logic will not lead him to that . 
  charities ?!, 
  slacker ... should have started with kiosks . 
  imagine the damage they will do when revolting with bags with ice !, 
  eu expects to keep full right of movement for eu citizens in uk ... 
  ... sweet board member job for the child of the guy , vacations bookings , setting tender conditions to fit only one company product , letting some one live in luxurious villa for indefinite time , borrowing expensive cars , and thousand others methods . 
  stop this . 
  his name has to be forgotten . 
  it is ridiculous that you help him live on , while his victims are remaining anonymous ... 
  i agree they have to follow the law . 
  but will they even bother to even consider that ? 
  knowing the police is reluctant to enter their areas, 
   at least here they are not free to do whatever the fuck they want , here they will end up in jail . 
  are you sure ?!, 
  do you have even a single example of similar situation that was punished in the past ? 
  do n't forget that in your country they give community service as punishment for manslaughter - as they did for that indispensable footballer that killed an person while driving with 100km/h in a 50km/h zone . 
  well , technically the asshole is in power in turkey for the last decade . 
  most of the assholes are already in netherlands much longer than that ... 
  but i agree they should pack and go back to chant his name 24/7 on the streets . 
  too bad you ca n't apply what some adults do when two boys fight each other : throw both of them out and let them sort it out before they are allowed back . 
  or maybe to suk - semi-united kingdom . 
  with 2 kingdoms leaving ... 
   withdrawing without invoking article 50 would be very much the `` nuclear option '' , but it 's an option that remains open . 
  i 'd call it `` suicide option '' . 
  i do n't see a reason why uk should not enjoy 2,3 , maybe even 5 years of the very nice deal they have now until they leave ... 
  if you sign a contract to pay rent for an apartment , the money is still yours but you have to pay me on a certain date . 
  otherwise , courts , account blocking , etc will follow . 
  i do n't need tanks indeed . 
   funny part is , you state you are bulgarian , which is not a developed country and has benefited massively from globalization . 
  or has it ? 
  bulgaria , compared to bangladesh is ultra developed . 
   then do n't have to listen to the court . 
  it does n't work that way ... you cant negate a contract by changing stuff after it was in power . 
  otherwise i will just take loans and hop to other countries . 
   actually some people are investigating the possibility we do n't trigger 50 at all . 
   we just repeal some legislation in parliament and then tell you we have left . 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  i an genuinely curious how could this happen ? 
  any link , please ? 
   personally i would rather we stayed i also would prefer you to stay , but on equal level with all . 
  no exceptionalism and exempts . 
  just to make sure we do n't positively discriminate some based on their nationality . 
   you also need to drop this entitlement to my tax money . 
  why ? 
  eu is a club with membership fee . 
  i do n't see german tanks on uk soil forcing you to pay up , do i ? 
   when you 're the paymaster anything is possible . 
  when there are formal contracts , laws and that kind of unfair conspiracy against uk , the paymastery comes secondary . 
  you have a contract that you have to fulfill - pay your contribution . 
  in the mean time feel free to compete against other scientists and institutions to get grants for projects that last years . 
   and receives little for it ? 
   weird how people are ok with this . 
  yep . 
  i am absolutely peachy about it . 
  it is like when you sign a lease for 1 year and you want to break it after 6 m because you want to go abroad . 
  it is all great that you have new plans , but you have to pay the rent till the end of the year . 
  whether you use the flat or not - it is up to you . 
   we should n't pay for them if our teams are being frozen out , actually , you must . 
  as long as you are a formal eu member , you keep all the obligations and benefits . 
  but i do n't see how you can force anybody to collaborate with you . 
  so you get a lot less benefits . 
  deal with it . 
  grin and bear . 
  keep the stiff upper lip . 
  well , you will . 
  until you are formal member of eu , you have to pay . 
  if you do n't get anything back ... well , though luck !, 
  you should absolutely do that !, 
  it is not fair to give money and get nothing/little in return !, 
  however , collaboration and hiring of uk citizens can not be forced on other eu countries . 
  but on the other hand , you have legal obligations to give money ... 
  therefore , the simple solution is quite obvious , frankly : - today , trigger article 50 . 
  - tomorrow , tell eu that you exit immediately without any negotiations . 
  this will cut the `` giving money but not getting anything '' from 2 years to 2 days . 
  pretty neat , eh ? 
  [ globalization does not benefit the masses in the developed countries . 
  * ] ( https://hbr.org/2016/05/why-the-global-1-and-the-asian-middle-class-have-gained-the-most-from-globalization ) therefore , money-grabbing schemes like ttip must be cured with fire . 
  ______________________ full article can be accessed in incognito mode if you are above the hbr article limit . 
  the only solution i can offer is to switch to fahrenheit and just look at the numbers without trying to convert them . 
  i 'd pay 5 euros pay-per-view to see the event with the justification . 
  what you do n't realise is that brexit or not , uk is still a founding member of https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_council_of_europe this is where abuse of human right sand discrimination gets handled against governments . 
  so you fuck up with whomever , including bulgarians , you will be paying cash compensations . 
  not really . 
  uk would be still a founding member of https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_council_of_europe this is where abuse of human right sand discrimination gets handled against governments . 
  why not `` prevrat '' ( adopt from bulgarian ) ? 
  much straight forward for the tongue and eyes ... 
  can you set dates in the past for a law yo become effective ? 
  you could go `` everybody without uk citizenship - out ! '' . 
  but i would be surprised to see `` eu citizens landed after 2007 - out ! '', 
  u bet it would not . 
   article 2 the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
   article 7 ( ex article 7 teu ) 1 .
