  importers to uk will not sell at loss , so the prices go up . 
  some products will be replaced by british ( , of course on higher than the current prices ) . 
  but some wo n't . 
  for example the 25 % food that uk imports . 
  the end fame is clear - the poor will pay the price , and the rich will get richer . 
  may 's mission = accomplished . 
   to demand that a `` detailed outline '' of a future free trade deal be in place before the uk agrees to pay any money to brussels as part of the brexit divorce deal . 
  absolutely . 
  every draft of the outline cost 50 billion . 
  paid in advance . 
  how many would madam want to have ? 
  it 's cryst clear . 
  may is introducing deliberate chaos in order to get strong reaction from eu and by this to create the enemy she needs to won the election . 
  she would sacrifice the well being of 60 million in order to secure 5 years of prime ministry . 
  i would t be surprised if she has in her wardrobe 101 dalmatian coats ... 
  i think it 's a trap with a killer robot . 
  the trigger is the red carpet - this is given away by the eu hero who is awkwardly trying to do the gentleman thing . 
  i only miss the slight bounce from the knees . 
  got ta give you that - you have no clue what is written in your agreements about ni and still having strong opinion . 
  is that typical for english people thee days ? 
  personally i think you we are heading towards united kingdom of england and wales . 
  until the next shit you decide to stir up , that is ... 
  it 's time to put this in writing and send it to every household in eu . 
  only then we can be sure everybody is informed . 
  repeating it daily in the media wo n't be enough . 
  not necessarily . 
  if the 2 years are up , and the 27 did not agree to extend the negotiations , uk leaves with nothing . 
  they did n't think they would be caught ... 
  how about this counter plan , libya ? 
  we give you 5 mercedes per year , and you sign an agreement that italian costal guard can freely dock at your ports and let people disembark ? 
  why ? 
  the king looks like a peasant ... 
   just consider this : the gripens will come disassembled and will be delivered by ikea and you guys will have to build them yourselves . 
  do you truly want that ? 
  why not ? 
  we get 25 years warranty on the doors and 10 years on the cussions . 
  plus we can get the family membership card so we can return the carpets anytime , no questions asked ... 
  oh , she is piling a trump ... how surprising ... 
  the point was the way words sounded . 
  of course , the proper czech equivalent is '' \u010cesk\u00e1 republika '' which is not beter ... 
  imagine ... you are czech watching a football game with germany and your team leads 1-0 with 5 min to go . 
  now chant `` the czech republic '' !, 
  how did that sound ? 
  general madness ? 
  somebody tell her the next round is in 2 weeks ... 
  i am sure her party will be ok . 
  this is not even a proper vacation , ffs ... 
  as well as when that guy went to sell porn tapes to some amish elders ... 
  exactly this !, 
  well , then clearly it is uk own fault . 
  in netherlands the polish contribute to society better than native dutch . 
  clearly proven by the national statistics bureau . 
  the city that carves the street names in ... marble !, 
  the true `` internal city '' !, 
  auguri !, 
  there are literally hundreds of towns in netherlands that look so much alike - even the street and square names are the same . 
  but rotterdam is unique and by far not ugly . 
  oh , absolutely brilliant !, 
  you kick out those who have settled , integrated , have more or less the same culture and belief system and replace them with somebody else which is further away from you . 
  this solution for the uk migration problem i could have never thought of !, 
  next time i want to lose weight i will replace my bread with cake . 
  right , but i like the image of powder being layered decade after decade all over the delicious land of europe ... 
  and vice versa . 
  bulgaria , hungary , czechoslivakia , etc would be a lot better if you have not thrown them under the stalin 's bus to serve as a buffer zone . 
  yep , you can get all those retired people to fill in the 900k workers you will be missing . 
  i am sure they will be delighted to pick apples , collect garbage , do plumbing and be the 40k nurses you are missing in nhs . 
  without eu immigrants uk is doomed . 
  even may told you directly that stopping with immigration will take some years , `` to allow businesses to adjust '' . 
  uk has no hand at all in this matter . 
  france , we are not holding your wine !, 
   streaming services that are willing to pay money , and have more money can make deals with providers ( and vice versa ) to make it not count toward your data usage . 
  two points : in case of t mobile there is no payment from provider to zero rate the traffic . 
  i guarantee you that fact . 
  all major services are included - spotify , deezer , etc. 
  gave in mind that t mobile has a partnership with deezer but still made absolutely no fuss for spotify to be allowed . 
  and spotify has partnership with the market leader . 
  any steamer service can register and stream as much as the subscribers want it . 
  what is the practical chance of a garage streaming service that has no money for the registration process ( make calls , travel for meetings , do tests ) to have a proper subscriber base ? 
  zero . 
  because if they can not afford the registeration process their server will be so puny that will serve nobody . 
  in the current state of internet business there is hardly any service that goes to market without having a serious financial back . 
  yes , if you make your own streaming service for your own usage from your 1 mb uplink adsl , you probably wo n't get on to the t mobile network , but you are also no competitor to anybody . 
  so this has almost zero impact . 
   the current situation allows unfair competition . 
  how ? 
  i am also wondering when similar announcement will come for the staff in the eu agencies . 
  my guess is that their contracts will be terminated with due notice . 
  it would be very strange if polices and their enforcement is done by non-eu personnel ... 
  so , who won the debate ? 
  sure , let them apply . 
  the real refugees should be helped . 
  the rest should be staying on that island until they are rejected and ejected . 
  so what if it is not eu soil ? 
  the point is to restrict the roaming of migrants and to keep the economic ones away from the benefits / economy the seek . 
  plus to make it unattractive . 
  solid proposals are in abundance , unlike the political will to use them . 
  there is plenty of islands and unused land on mainland europe to facilitate plenty of migrants in closes camps . 
  oh yes , greece has some . 
  couple of them are already lost for tourism so why not do migrant campings there ? 
  inflatable boats .
