  sorry , but there are 17 million guilty ones before we start looking for scape goats outside uk . 
  because , when you desperately want something that will literally change history for your country , you work hard to get it approved and also have several plans on how to implement it depending on nuances of the outcome . 
  now , you have an angry world , not only eu , that is furious with you messing with the whole world economy . 
  for f 's sake uk is , oh sorry , was , the 5th largest economy . 
  you simply can not behave as a drug prostitute - `` i got my fix , now - do whatever you want with my body '' . 
  you do n't even have a plan how , who and when will invoke art . 
  do you think fucking around with new elections will be tolerated ? 
  you should and will be obliterated during the negotiations just to serve as an example to others . 
  well , uk , you officially are not even a shadow of an empire anymore !, 
  this cluster fuck of massive incompetence and selfish populism is truly worthy of a post-soviet era puppet country coming out of the ussr shadow . 
  you are now a giant , fucking lol !, 
  what was that british saying ... cry me a river . 
  true . 
  there was no earthquake , flood or pest . 
  this is good . 
  we neen your property in good condition when we come to buy it with pocket money . 
  suk - semi-united kingdom , with england and wales the one left behind . 
  i wonder ... can all 4 countries join eu and leave the queen with the bill ? 
  why complicated negotiations ? 
  eu will give them directly the norway deal and will refuse to even listen to anything else . 
  if uk fails to sign in 2 years they get completely out and sand by turkey and ukraine . 
  as the weakest link lady says `` you leave with nothing . 
  good bye ! '', 
   keeping on imposing your decision to people is not going to help the situation , quiet the contrary . 
  i do n't want to help nobody at this stage . 
  i want this fuckup to affect me as little as possible , even if that means a full blown disaster for uk lasting for 100 years . 
  i want eu to offer the norway-style of deal on coming wednesday , which is fair enough . 
  i want also eu to tell uk `` that 's it !, 
  you will not get anything else at all , even if we sit all day for 2 years blabering . 
  so sign it by friday . '', 
  and i want uk to sign it on friday and be done with it . 
  then uk can have all the time in the world to do elections , referendums , play cricket , split in pieces , nuke itself , whatever . 
  or ... [ maybe they can ?!, 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36631518 ) if you think eu will wait for months and maybe year ( s ) for uk to sort its internal mess , i think you are in for a surprise . 
  nobody would accept uncertainty to bring the economic indicators down for all the other 26 countries . 
  it will be considered as a blackmail by uk and will be punished severely . 
  technically , uk can be left as out of eu , as ukraine . 
  well , i am devastated !, 
  now , can we proceed with the exit on monday ? 
  well , i do n't think eu really cares about extensions . 
  they have appointed the negotiator already and are eager to get this over . 
  my bet is that within 10 min after invikoing art . 
  50 , he will offer a deal similar to what norway has and will say `` this is our final offer . 
  take it or leave it . 
  we have nothing to discuss and will not meet at all '' . 
  of course , in a little more politically correct way . 
   two years after the uk triggers it , eu treaties cease to apply to the uk . 
  unless the uk agrees to extend the term . 
  i think uk , will have maximum 2 years to negotiate whatever they think they need from eu . 
  if eu goes `` no ! '', 
  on all requests , after the 2nd year , uk gets automatically booted and will have the status of , say , turkey or ukraine . 
  it will happen . 
  eu will be like : `` oh , uk , you like to chose 10 eggs ? 
  here are 10 . 
  chose freely which ones you want ! '', 
  and pray they will not offer just 5 eggs only . 
  sorry , but you will have to be the proverbial scape goat . 
  eu will have to make it very painful in a very nasty way , in order to deter furthet attempts like this . 
  it sucks to be uk , but the future of united eu lays pm your ashes now ... 
   however , the world 's largest manufacturers of this weapon -- namely russia , the united states , and china -- have refused to ratify the treaty . 
  and that 's it . 
  as usual , the big fish goes through the net unhindered . 
  well , it looks more of a dish-holder ... , 
  i am not sure ... 
  but i heard uk is hiring a lot of sail-making professionals . 
  i saw plans for huge masts as well . 
  someone showed me a travel plan through the atlantic in the general direction of the statue of liberty . 
  make whatever you want out of this ... 
   to have a cooling-off period and the option to extend this cooling-off period also makes sense . 
  i am not sure what kind of cooling-off options are there for treaties between countries . 
  an analogy . 
  for consumers , indeed there is cooling-off period , but for businesses there is no such thing . 
  i 'd say a country is more a business than a consumer . 
  and , was there any precedent for a country to back off from a treaty using such an argument ? 
  i said the best network , not vodafone  t-mobile went full john ledger in netherlands . 
  they have recently introduced unlimited for 35 , and if you are in a group of other t-mobile subscribers you get 5 euro discount . 
  so it is even 30 . 
  for 30 euro you have everything unlimited in netherlands . 
  including data . 
  including eu roaming up to 60 days per year . 
  on , arguably , the best network in the world . 
  well , there is this thing called nato ... 
  i am personally awaiting the call for food donations to be air dropped on the island . 
  four glasses of champagne ?!, 
  somebody call the air ambulance !, 
  and a few days later declare independence . 
  now , this is a master plan for quickly joining to eu !, 
  we may offer this plan to the remnants of uk somewhere in 2020 ... 
  yeah , right !, 
  [ better do some reading ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61ylyq/northern_ireland_can_rejoin_eu_after_brexit_if_it/dfj32mi/ ), 
  you may think you are joking , but you are not !, 
  it is right there in their anthem :  wilhelmus van nassouwe ben ik , van duitsen bloed , translated :  william of nassau i am , of german blood , nassau , of course is a famous [ german noble house ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_nassau ), 
  well , then maybe it is time to nuke australia completely !, 
  after all they were all criminals and did n't pay enough of their horrendous crimes !, 
  why ? 
  its very easy actually . 
  its a divorce . 
  nobody wins in the short to mid term . 
  in the long term things will get better , but never the same ... 
  i think it is more like : please , everything but anyone ... every single politician of those have proven they do n't deserve any thrust ... we ran out of saviors !,
