  so no , we never stop . 
   did no one think that maybe the solution is simply to legalize the much safer actual marijuana hahahahahahaha we have one problem here , theresa may, 
  and even if it was , the article makes a potentially false link . 
  we can assume that the drug was not a natural cannabinoid , because cannabis does n't have the effects of nearly killing people who take it . 
  therefore to say that ;  the drug was a painkiller containing cannabinoids , an active ingredient found in cannabis plants is fallacious because it implies cannabis contains the same compounds present in the tested drug , when it most likely did not as the effects seen were so drastically different from natural cannabis . 
  the statement fundamentally misunderstands what a chemical grouping like cannabinoids means . 
  they are similar in many ways chemically but often drastically different pharmaceutically . 
  most likely the pharmaceutical company wants a drug that mimics cannabis in many of its effects , but is novel and therefore patentable and therefore profitable . 
  tl ; dr the pharma company was making spice , so to fearmonger that cannabis is bad , is bad, 
  ahh so we can ascertain that the complex thing chooched enough to not let the magic smoke out . 
  well its a start . 
  so basically it is like when the lhc turned on and the newspapers were going `` yay we survived the black hole machine '' and it had n't even got close to actual operating parameters , it was just testing ? 
  if we can get them funded , yes . 
  i imagine they will cost significantly less money to build than a fission power plant , simply because there is less processing and safety framework that needs to go alongside them . 
  even if the reactor catastrophically failed and the whole building burnt down , we could just bulldoze it and start again like a regular fossil power plant . 
  outside of another attack , i agree . 
  lets see . 
  / r/polandball, 
  i mean i dont particularly like `` israel '' but the people living there arent all cunts , theyre just trying to live their lives . 
  isis genuinely are all cunts . 
  you have people walking to europe to get away from them . 
  theyre clearly cunts, 
  legalization will need to happen eventually though . 
  decriminalization removes a large part of the societal impact of addiction by treating it as a health issue , but only in that country . 
  it still has to be smuggled and dealt , impacting most of the vulnerable of the countries in which it is produced . 
  until the means of production and import can be legitimized there will always be cartels , gangs and the violence associated with it, 
   its worse than north korea the difference is that in north korea you cant get the passport in the first place . 
  i guess the understanding is that its only going to be diplomats leaving north korea ( officially and not to russian work camps ), 
   unfortunately , the same climate that allows such sentiments to exist in the first place would also allow to describe deriding her to be racism , sexism , whaterverism - that 's the problem , and you wo n't be able to combat it by prosecuting one idiot who let herself be influenced by such a common model of thinking . 
  while i certainly agree with that point , i would like to add that the reason for criminal law and punishment is to dissuade people from the prohibited actions . 
  simply having them there isnt enough , they do have to be enforced . 
  i have not heard of any other cases of this law being used but i dont think i could think of a better place for its use . 
   such relativistic viewpoints need to be rooted out - some thoughts simply are inferior to others , period . 
  thats where you get into thoughcrime though . 
  i guess you can attempt to convince people that they are wrong , but some people are dumber than others , period . 
  ok , so loaaads of people could be charged with this , but in reality nearly 0 % see court . 
  the severity of the message , impact and influence of both the message and the author , as well as the societal position of the author have to be considered . 
  this woman incited a race war as an equalities officer at a major london university . 
  she has the ability to influence hundreds if not thousands of individuals and she has clearly abused that influence by attempting to incite violence . 
  shit son thats a lot of throwing stuff at asteroids . 
  that 's what queer is for , just a round-up of the whole shebang , its pretty obvious to whoever decides these things that it was getting silly . 
  gypsies , homosexuals , mentally ill , disabled and a bunch more i ca n't think of . 
  not saying that many jews were n't killed , its just that people forget that it was n't just jews that suffered . 
  yeah but we have the jet stream warming us . 
  same in the uk . 
  it 's purely used discretionary , and only on open drinks . 
  you 're only likely to have your can taken off you if its 2 am and you 're being a pain in the arse . 
  the danes gon na be piiiiiissed about their wind farms . 
  not like anyone really pays attention to them though . 
  i 'd say photo magnification , cropping and rotating are fine 99 % of the time . 
  cloning something/someone out or pasting something in is always misleading and should be banned . 
   we will not stand for the fucking signs being removed . 
  it may be very amusing for you british , but fucking is simply fucking to us . 
  what is this big fucking joke ? 
  ~ commander schmitzberger , the local police chief . 
  gets me every time . 
  let 's not forget glorious leader may protecting us by keeping all our internet history . 
  had not considered this and that had been shown in this image anyway , with the pyrenees being the only cool areas . 
  would have to be a map of iceland in the winter with a volcano erupting massively but locally . 
  pretty sure by saying `` i do n't identify myself as `` atheist '' '' rather than `` i do n't identify as an `` atheist '' he means that he does not out himself as being atheist because of the potential backlash of using the word . 
  basically i agree because places like / r/atheism are fucking cesspools of bigoted idiots that are ironically no better than the religions that they bash . 
  we 've had sativex in the uk for years . 
  this fanfare is meaningless, 
  i go to greek restaurants for a treat meal . 
  everything is high calorie outside of the crudit\u00e9s for the houmous . 
  / r/summerreddit, 
  same here , not as extreme as finland but scottish and welsh blood has given me a preference for cold . 
  anything above 20 and i 'm sweating . 
  anarchy !, 
  did n't realise it had to mean where you lived . 
  i 'm living in england for uni but i am welsh . 
  * i * do n't like england and i * live * here . 
  i am very socialist , but people can die from it so i do n't know what you mean . 
  i 'm personally fed up of labels in general . 
  certain policies get labeled as socialist or conservative and then never get looked at by the same person . 
  sometimes they have to go together to function . 
  you can have well funded state schools and free university that lead to people well educated for a capitalist system , for example . 
  `` surely the companies will regulate themselves in every aspect '', 
  tl ; dw , europe has always been very fighty . 
  judaism , islam and chrisitanity all have the same exact roots . 
  islam is a western religion by that definition . 
  in fact it is probably more right to say that christiantity is a middle eastern religion , it is just the move to rome ( thus allowing the roman empire to continue in the form of the catholic church ) that made christianity more `` western '', 
  i think it is bad to say all religion is bad . 
  i couldnt care less if there was religion , just not fundamentalism . 
  i 'm from the uk so we have a lot less of the angry christians that are found in america , so i suppose that is easier for me to say . 
  the way things are here are pretty close to how they should be ( although state and church should be further apart still ) as much as you think its a load of crap , a lot of good * does * come from religion , and local churches are often the glue of small communities . 
  they do no harm , and i see nothing wrong with them . 
  they dont bother me , i dont bother them . 
  you misunderstand completely - so completely i 'm surprised your comment is still in the positives . 
  they have banned the sale of spirits temporarily , because it is spirits that are contaminated and they have no idea how many bottles . 
  it has nothing to do with consumption ( did you even read the article ? ), 
  or about moving the market underground . 
  there is a grey market for alcohol and tobacco in all countries , where you can get it a bit cheaper , and sometimes businesses buy from there too . 
  where you got the idea that this is akin to prohibition i have no idea . 
  having extremist views doesnt make you mad though , and acting to promote those views isnt mad either . 
  the views are only extremist from our point of view , im sure there are plenty of things everyone does that might be seen as extremist to other parts of the world . 
  i am very much against cannabis being gods gift to man ( i like it but its not for everyone and it has drawbacks that i hate being ignored on / r/trees ) , and i dont think drinking is horrible . 
  it is , however , a fact that the younger you start to drink , the more likely you are to experiment . 
  perhaps saying anything is gateway is rather short sighted . 
  it is far more likely that people who are going to experiment , will experiment .
