i 'm from down south and we call it `` pranking '' . 
  i think its natural that such a common occurrence would be turned into a word . 
  much quicker than explaining yourself every time you did it . 
  you mean the [ pauli ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pauli_effect ) effect, 
  iirc there is also the method of adding a barrel extension which holds the rubber bullet , and blanks are used in the gun as propellant . 
  these are muzzle loading obviously . 
  in a democracy , the minority unfortunately has to suck it . 
  no one calls democracy perfect , but it is at least an attempt at fairness, 
  well that is the initial gripe of the people . 
  the government wouldnt listen to the wishes of the people about the eu and has simply shown that it has total disregard for the people recently . 
  the protests are now not solely about the eu , but that is the core of the protest . 
  advice animals are memes , not all memes are advice animals . 
  everything is an area the size of wales . 
  this isnt even a video about going for a coffee . 
  its a video about the video , with translations that arent needed in the rest of the video then its some shots of cyprus then the guy drinks a coffee and doesnt tell us about it at all for like 3 seconds . 
  0/10 would not watch again, 
  yellow is a hard colour to pull off , it doesnt work on most people . 
  i agree , and i really like how no one has said the english national anthem , because it really is shite . 
  if the english used jerusalem ( which i expect would happen if the monarchy was abolished ) then i think we might have a bit of competition . 
  this is anecdotal evidence , so it can not be said that weed causes anxiety . 
  in your case it has exacerbated an already present problem , because you abused a drug . 
  smoking weed every day heavily is drug abuse . 
  smoking once in a while ( even 3-4 times a week ) is unlikely to cause any harm to an adult . 
  try the league of gentlemen if you want dark british humour . 
  we have plenty of dark humour its just not extremely mainstream . 
  well no ... being stoned can reduce anxiety . 
  i suffer from an inability to orgasm due to ssri use . 
  getting high is the only time i can orgasm during sex because i dont worry , i be happy . 
  being drunk makes sex sloppy and numb for me , and its harder to maintain an erection . 
  pretty sure [ these ] ( http://www.detoxyourworld.com/whole-hemp-seeds-2 ) will do the job . 
  just dont get cooked or shelled ones . 
  `` it is possible to predict '' which is why i chose three . 
  yoy can take a good stab at it but you ca n't be sure to be right , and its more about socio-economic stereotypes than anything else . 
  the same predictiobs can be made from how a person dresses or even how they do their hair . 
  mexico , the bottom of the pile !, 
  everything people say about wales is true . 
  apart from welsh not having enough vowels . 
  w and y are vowels . 
  whereas crippling alcoholism , heroin dependence and deep frying has been a long term tradition . 
  in wales , people from the north and south dont like each other very much . 
  the northerners see the southerners as dissenters because the use of welsh is less , and so theyre `` english '' the southerners see the northerners as bastards for calling them english , but its probably just because theyre miserable about the shite weather . 
  everyone from glasgow is a drunken , violent heroin addict . 
  i dont understand why your fighting , but the downvotes are making me sad . 
  such as diamonds . 
  i can justify that as being moral , in the context of the times it was written or claimed to be . 
  of course i wo n't for modern day but neither would most christians even bother with lent properly . 
  it 's a moral tradition that is outdated but it 's principles are good , be thankful for having and give to the needy . 
  i do n't believe in god but i do follow the morals of the bible , at least those that are relevant for the times . 
  well it 's not actually an issue , as i could believe anything i want and as long as it does n't infringe on your rights you ca n't do shit . 
  also your judgement that the texts are immoral is also just your opinion . 
  let me clarify , i am atheist , i 'm just not a dick about it . 
  let me quote a passage from the book of `` no one gives a flying monkey turd about your theistic theories , seriously '' : chapter shut the fuck up , passage bravery . 
  and he spake thusly , try not to be a dick unto those whom thy does not want to be treated like a dick by . 
  but the hyperinteligent atheist beings did scorn him , stating that god is made of spaghetti . 
  meanwhile everyone else could n't give two shits about the atheists ideas and got on with their fucking lives . 
  and they were all `` dude these evangelatheists are worse than fucking jehovah 's witnesses '', 
  it was just one video that was posed to reddit that got got some attention . 
  the not crazy muslims ( the vast majority ) want to distance themselves from this . 
  there is a difference between evangelism and street preaching , and being confrontational and dickish like these guys . 
  the core principles are what the majority of people of all abrahamic religions follow , and ignore the mighty stuff or put it down to metaphor . 
  religion is a good method of teaching morals to morons . 
  it 's just outdated and abused . 
  the bible should basically read `` try not to be a dick '', 
  you stop selling ammunition for all small arms , so that hunters can still hunt but limit the number of useable guns to those only used for hunting and rarely crime , and make ammunition harder to obtain , and have records of an `` explosives '' license ( youre not banning guns , youre restricting ammunition ) people will eventually run out of bullets , the black market price of them will be extortionate and most people wouldnt want dodgy bullets if the gun is for self defense , or to commit crime . 
  eventually people would just sell their guns , no ammunition , no point in having it at all . 
  attitudes would change enough to start restricting sales of certain firearms that are used for most crimes , and are least used for hunting . 
  ( firearms should never be so restricted as to not allow for safe and appropriate hunting ), 
  so i assume from this , that a non eu citizien with a tourist visa ( say an american so visa on entry is easy ) can not travel from france ( point of entry ) to germany ( point of exit ) without first getting a visa for both countries ? 
  or do they only need the french visa and then eu travel is ok ? 
  i 'm never sure whether its competence or being french and stubborn, 
  ok , have you actually gone there ? 
  i visit carcassonne regularly and there are people who speak it all over . 
  they all also speak french to varying levels of competence and nearly everyone uses occitane words in french . 
  yeah , its all on the insurance . 
  esa has insurance against the rockets failing , the satellite operators have insurance against various levels of satellite failure . 
  basically everyone is insured as fuck because its an expensive venture . 
  i 'd say be careful about saying normal . 
  you get a lot of sjw 's saying that because one is normal youre saying everyone else is a freak . 
  its most common in the whole trans/cis ( normal ) arguement . 
  statistically , you are correct . 
  the vast majority are straight , and therefore they are statistically normal . 
  this isnt to say that a minority is not morally/mentally normal , its just not statistically the normal . 
  i believe half of the population would n't mind giving it a go at least . 
  compared to other countries , we indeed have low rates of gun ownership . 
  to say that the uk has no guns at all is however very untrue . 
  proper regulation works and america is fucked etc etc enjoy having your head in your ass that more guns means youre safer , dipshit the estimated total number of guns ( both licit and illicit ) held by civilians in the united kingdom is 4,060,0001 http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/united-kingdom, 
  my favourite thing is peoples belief that we have no guns . 
  there are actually over 4 million privately owned guns in the uk , lots of people shoot but we are very good at keeping gun use publicly safe . 
  we are basically the texas of europe . 
  except we have less fun with guns and less land and less patriotism and shittier weather . 
  i 'll happily admit we are a nation of passive eunuchs at this point, 
  guys can we please get some clarity on the marbles . 
  i feel like i 'm losing my marbles that no one has talked about the marbles . 
  every minority is deserving of protection regardless of their views , but any extreme views ( whether in a minority or not ) are not allowed . 
  that 's contradictory as fuck . 
  basically no one is allowed views different from the government 's policies . 
  orwell is spinning in his grave . 
  the constituencies are regularly changing to roughly have equal populations . 
  get `` i dont care about cookies '' [ chrome ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/i-dont-care-about-cookies/fihnjjcciajhdojfnbdddfaoknhalnja?hl=en ) [ firefox ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/i-dont-care-about-cookies/ ), 
  we only mock you on days where there is a mass shooting .
