  68 millions native french speaker ? 
  that seems fairly low . 
  i have n't watched it yet , but when i was looking for russian tv shows ( exactly as op was looking for ) , brigada seemed to be pretty much the only critically acclaimed russian tv show that i could find . 
  hey op , have you tried to find foreign movies dubbed in russian with russian subtitles ? 
  because that 's what i wanted to do ( so that i could watch movies i 'm familiar with , even though i do n't understand everything ) , but i still do n't have access to a good internet connection so i have n't done it yet . 
  ( plus , russians have this horrible habit of dubbing foreign movies while keeping the original voices at the same time ... 
  it 's absolutely terrible ), 
  bravo . 
  for the synchronisation , [ here 's a way to solve the problem using vlc ] ( http://pctonic.net/sync-subtitles-with-the-video-in-vlc ) . 
  but yeah , it 's pretty annoying . 
  oh , right . 
  but that 's an issue with any dubbed movie , regardless of its quality or the language its been translated in . 
  ( no one in france actually use this expression ), 
  i heard rosetta stone is pretty badly considered by most people who know a thing or to about language . 
  i you want to start russian from scratch without getting into a course , go with the assimill book . 
  with you will still need to learn the grammar one day or another . 
  yeah , game of thrones is so not popular , nobody will understand this obscur reference . 
  nope , i 'm right there with you . 
  i forgot a lot of things in war and peace ( read it five years ago ) , but i still vividly remember tolstoy 's speeches about history and historians . 
  really interesting ( even more when you understand how it 's part of tolstoy 's and even russia 's philosophy ) . 
  ( but , despite being much longer , i found war and peace much less boring than moby dick , which i also liked ), 
  one grand is ridiculously expensive for petersburg . 
  i 'd say ask your consulate , i know the french consulate often has tips about how to get flats . 
  honestly , drakoulious seems ridicously biased . 
  we are clearly taught that the french revolution was lead by the bourgeoisie , it 's absolutely not hidden . 
  also a huge part of the programm is about the horrors of the terror . 
  of course that we are also taught that it was a huge and very important event for france but ... well ... it was . 
  i 'm going to blow your mind : it 's possible to have an e-reader , and still buy physical books . 
  no , really !, 
  i buy physical when a book is not available in digital ( probably never happens in the us , but the french ebook market is just starting so there are still a lot of things not available ) , if it 's a book i 'm going to work on ( non-fiction , of course ) , if i really liked the book and i want it on my shelf , if i 'm just walking in a book store and stumble upon something i 'd like to read . 
  i use digital for public domain books , books not yet translated in french , books in russian ( for the english-russian dictionnary on the kindle ) , or really any books i 'm interested in reading right now without having to go to a bookstore . 
  i 'm french . 
  and i 'm far from being able to actually read in russian ( i 'm learning it ) , for now i can only read books that i have already read in english or in french , and with the help of the english/russian dictionnary of the kindle . 
  without those two conditions , i certainly can not read in russian . 
  not all the time , but i was recently reading `` shogun '' on my kindle , and i 'm sure it was much more enjoyable than reading in paper when you 're on the move . 
  try reading a 1000 page physical book when you 're standing in a crowded bus or metro . 
  even though the hbo series certainly boosted the sells , a song of ice and fire was already a best-seller before the series . 
  now that you mention it , my pocket edition of war and peace could probably be read in the metro without too much difficulty . 
  but an ereader is still much more practical . 
  this is a direct link to the complete works of hp lovecraft in mobi format . 
  that 's exactly the kind of stuff i 'm looking for , thanks a lot !, 
  as a bonus , the guy speaks pretty clearly . 
  oh wow thanks , i 'm definitely going to check all this out . 
  would you know an edition that would explain those subtexts ? 
  the book indeed competely lost me . 
  i read `` after you go whaling with c4 '' . 
  that sounded awesome . 
  now i 'm sad . 
  i read it a few weeks ago ( i 'm 21 ) and i really enjoyed it . 
  of course the writing style is not fantastic , but it 's a great story . 
  war and peace is clearly my favorite big book . 
  crime and punishment was fantastic too , though . 
  i 'm french , and i 've never read les mis\u00e9rables : /, 
  international treaties . 
  gogol in my favourite classic russian 's author . 
  he 's a fascinating and great writer , with the additionnal feature of being very different from other russian writers of his kind . 
  it 's amazing how gogol manages to makes fun of what he writes about , while staying strangely compassionate about the subject at the same time . 
  if i had to choose three of his works , i would say :, 
  - a collection of his short story , at least including `` the overcoat '' , `` the portrait '' , `` nevsky prospect '' and `` the nose '' . 
  - dead 's souls : the journey of a young man to become rich by buying dead peasants . 
  a classic , rightly so . 
  it 's fun , even though not funny ( you 'll never laugh out loud is what i mean ) , the story is very interesting and the morale not annoying . 
  a great work . 
  - the inspector general : a short and highly enjoyable play about some corrupted officers of a small town mistaking a young aristocrat for an inspector . 
  very funny , and a great look at russia 's society of that time . 
  just keep in mind that feminism basically does n't exist in russia ( seriously , not being married after 25 is really bad ) , and russian women are fine with that : show that you have money ( even if you do n't ) , pay for everything , carry her luggage , do n't ask her age , and you 'll be fine . 
  as for romantic relationship and sex , it 's pretty much the same as in europe , except that , well , russian girls can be amazingly beautiful , and so the sex can be . 
  ps : i 'm doing generalizations , not all are russian girls are like that ( the girl i was with certainly was n't ) , but they nearly all have at least one of those characteristics . 
  i do n't really have anything interesting to add , but i enjoyed reading your opinion , thanks for writing it . 
  same reaction . 
  i mean , let 's say he made $ 10,000 . 
  and let 's say he made that money each week , not for one week but for 6 months . 
  yep , that 's $ 240,000 . 
  nearly half a million dollars a year . 
  it 's a lot of money for one week . 
  his only problem is that he got his sucess from a temporary buzz that faded out quickly . 
  yes , the irs does n't exist in my world . 
  ( seriously though , i just wanted to show with this ridiculously simplified calculation that $ 12,000 a week is , in fact , a lot of money , and this guy should not complain ) . 
  you 're right of course , but i never pretented this was an accurate accounting or representation of a typical writer 's income . 
  i just wanted to buff the numbers up a bit to show that making $ 12,000 in a week is actually a lot . 
  as it 's actually obvious , i should not have commented . 
  ( however , on the subject of `` no writer sell exactly $ 10,000 worth of books a week '' : of course not . 
  but with several books out and a proper marketing campaign , a writer could start with making much less a week , and end up making much much more . 
  the recent ama of hugh howey is a good example of that ), 
  it 's a black bag . 
  you may very well be right . 
  now that 's a proper shelf . 
  very cool . 
  i 've used `` bifler '' for years , and i learned just a few weeks ago that it was the contraction of those two words ... 
  i really felt stupid . 
  that would be why they 're `` original '' . 
  do you really believe that , out of those two statements :, 
  - `` marijuana should be legalized '', 
  - `` marijuana should stay illegal '', 
  do you believe that one of those statements is perfectly logical , and the other completely illogical ? 
  i have to admit , i struggled to finish the first volume and never read the second one . 
  despite the facts that i love french literature ( being french myself ) and that i do n't mind reading big books . 
  i do n't know what happened with this one . 
  edit : reading the other comments , and wondering : is the english version in a single volume ? 
  and if so , would the part where `` it picks up '' correspond to the beginning of the second volume in french , i.e just the moment where i dropped it ?
