  so they were n't french ? 
  is religion a factor ? 
  is a christian american more american than a muslim american ? 
  and you actually think that * genetics * has something to do with nationality ? 
  wow . 
   while you might define having french citizenship as being french , someone else might define it as being born in france . 
  french law state that being french is having the french nationality . 
  end of story . 
  but i 'm going to elaborate : since the revolution of 1789 , the french idea of a nation is not at all what you 're talking about . 
  what you 're talking about is more the german idea of the nation , the race and the ethnic stuff . 
  basically , the french idea of the nation is that you 're french when you want to be french . 
  the toughts of [ ernest renan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ernest_renan#definition_of_nationhood ) sums this up pretty well . 
  `` la nation est un pl\u00e9biscite de tous les jours '' ( could n't find an english translation ) . 
   i doubt your claim that it was different languages , though, 
  [ languages of france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_france ), 
  and yes , i can assure that they are very different from french . 
  a few old people still speak those languages , and i could n't understand anything of what they say if even my life was at stake . 
  today it 's indeed only accents , but at napoleon 's time in a lot of places those were the only languages spoken . 
   the most obvious form of this is race - europeans are physically very different from africans ( and there is genetic divergence as well ) . 
  nation and nationality are political constructions , not genetic stuff . 
   you assumed that i agree with everything i wrote , which just demonstrates a lack of reading comprehension skills on your part . 
  hey , thanks for calling me an idiot !, 
  i just loved this gun in stalker . 
  not as much fun to use in battlefield 3 . 
  in september , i 'll study for a semester at the school of international relations of the university of st petersburg . 
  saying this , i realize it 's absolutely useless for you . 
  sounds really interesting . 
  i guess you ca n't understand french , which is a good thing because the lyrics are so fucking stupid it 's actually a turn off : /, 
  very , very interesting . 
  please keep going . 
  well , to be honest , you write pretty much the only interesting things in this subreddit . 
  so yeah , please keep going . 
  [ freemind ] ( http://freemind.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/main_page ) is pretty good to organize your plot , especially if they get complex . 
  am i the only one thinking those posts `` oh just let your characters live by themselves '' are stupid ? 
  doing that is the best way to make sure your story is at best not going to be very interesting , and at worst not going to make any sense . 
  of course , you should keep some freedom in your writing , but keeping something that completely change your story is usually a very bad idea . 
  sure , but part of the writing process is also to have discipline and to be able to say `` shit , this is a great idea , but there 's not way i can make it fit into the story '' , instead of just putting in your novel every new idea you come up with . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i think . 
  this all `` i do n't read the script , the script reads me '' talk is kinda annoying . 
  i agree with that , i 'm honestly just trying to balance a bit the general agreement on this subreddit that planning is for suckers and `` stephen king does n't plan , why should you ? '' . 
  ( i just read another thread where everybody is basically saying the same thing ), 
  dude , planning is for retards and non-artistic people . 
  just ask someone to write it for you . 
  we have a word to say `` fuck in the ass '' : enculer . 
  funny story , we also have a word to say `` dick slap '' : biffler . 
  carry on . 
  same feeling here . 
  comparing martin luther king and apple just does n't work for me . 
  and when he reveals his theory and explains it with apple ... well , he just describes a new marketing technique ( well , new , it 's been used for a few years now ) called the * brand story * or * brand storytelling * ( where you promote a brand more than an actual product ) , compare to an old marketing technique called the * copy strategy * that just promoted the qualities of the product . 
  and guess what ? 
  * every company in the world does it * . 
  his theory does n't explain the sucess of apple . 
  it could actually work if he was simply sticking with great leaders , but the example of apple is a really bad one . 
  he served as an intelligence officer in the [ long range desert group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_range_desert_group ) , which is indeed pretty badass . 
  jesus christ , i hate people who talk in the name of dead people . 
  you have no idea if dostoyevsky would have had a blog or not , so shut up . 
  even if i 'm not writing in english , a few of thoses advices are still very interesting . 
  thanks . 
  reading the comments , it kind of saddens me that no one seems to know that the prestige is a book before a movie . 
  both are great ( which is quite rare ) , but the book came first . 
  if you can read french , read `` la horde du contrevent '' . 
  one of the chapter is a contest of palindrome between two troubadours . 
  it 's insanely well-written , but it 's not just a performance , it 's a very tense chapter with a lot of conflict . 
  also , the best fantasy book i read in my entire life . 
  great site . 
  thanks for the link . 
  are there really people who believe this `` muse '' bullshit ? 
  damn , you look great . 
  yeah damn , i stopped reading r/tall for like a month , it seems like there are so much more people on it now . 
  yeah , beware if you read it . 
  i mean , people older than 14 . 
  france . 
  no curfew , except in a few cities . 
  22 is , i think , really important . 
  number 19 is interesting as well . 
  it really depends . 
  like , spanish is a really good choice if you think you might go to south america in the future . 
  if not , it 's pretty much useless . 
  french is nearly a must if you intend to work in the field of international law . 
  with english , it 's for example the only language spoken at the international court of justice . 
  french is also pretty useful to go in north africa . 
  german is pretty much useless , as 99 % of germans speak english perfectly . 
  obviously , learning chinese could be a huge advantage in the next years . 
  alright , i 'm starting now : writing 5000 words this week seems like a realistic goal . 
  i currently wrote 10 000 words of my novel , which is the longest i ever wrote . 
  considering i except my novel to be between 60 000 and 80 000 words , i 'm quite proud of myself . 
  i 'm not sure that i 'll finish the novel this summer ( which was my initial goal ) , but i 'm going to try and write as much as possible . 
  out of curiosity , what is your book about ? 
  wow . 
  well ... good luck with that . 
  it 's a detective story , quite classical in the form ( it 's a whodunit , i 'm a big fan of agatha christie ) . 
  the story is set in april 1912 in new-york , just after the sinking of the titanic : one of the body found just after the sinking got a bullet in his head , and the person was obviously murdered . 
  a bored but very intelligent detective is going to try and find the murderer . 
  ( sorry if i 'm not very clear , english is n't my first language and is n't the language in which my novel is written . ), 
  yeah ... great idea , and the potential to be awesome , but seems to me awfully hard to write . 
  the three first one were awesome , i so liked them when i was young . 
  the fourth one was ... meh , but still not bad . 
  the fifth one is a fucking piece of crap . 
  artemis fowl should have been a trilogy . 
  the end of the third one was good , a bit sad but it let space to imagine what would happen next .
