  interesting , for me `` the amber spyglass '' is clearly the best one , like by really far . 
  that part in the land of the dead ... 
  i have n't read it in nearly ten years , and i still can picture it perfectly . 
  ( and i still consider it to be the best love story i have ever read ) . 
  [ the accursed kings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_accursed_kings ) : an awesome historical fiction set in middle-age in france , just before the 100 years war . 
  it 's ... simply fantastic . 
  easy to read , full of amazing characters involved in deep political plots , sex , violence ... and it wall make you understand the history of france better than any textbook . 
  and , i kid you not , ** georges r.r martin ** quoted this serie [ as one of it 's main inspiration ] ( http://www.empireonline.com/interviews/interview.asp?iid=1496 ) for a song of ice and fire !, 
  oh yeah , the whole introduction at the college is really great . 
  i do n't agree with you about the amber spyglass obviously but then again , i read it when i was quite young , and i actually never re-read it , because it had such a deep effect on me that i was scared ( still am ) of not feeling the same thing if i read them again while being older . 
  so maybe you 're right , i just do n't want to know if you are , 
  i guess a good way of overcoming that is to get critiscm from other people . 
  you may discover that you 're completely overlooking some real flaws , while focusing too much on details . 
  just out of curiosity , did you actually finished anything ? 
  like , a complete novel ? 
  ( you say writer , so i assume you write novels . 
  sorry if i 'm wrong ) . 
  i have the feeling that this attitude may get better once you 're able to finish something . 
  i know that the novel i 'm writing right now ( well , not right now because i ca n't , but let 's say my current project ) , i really like the story , i think it 's a very good one , but i know that my writing style is terrible . 
  and that makes me feel like i 'm going to waste an awesome story because of a shitty writing . 
  on the other hand , i know that the simple fact of actually finishing this novel will make me feel fucking great . 
  you said it yourself : `` irrationnal '' . 
  irrational self-deprecation is n't good , it 's just going to make you more and more frustrated . 
  and you can still be proud of what you 've done while recognizing at the same time that 's it 's far from being perfect . 
  i feel like the best way of improving is when you 're actually taking pleasure in writing . 
  and i really do n't see how you can take pleasure if you always think that what you 're doing is shit . 
  well i totally agree with you then . 
  and good luck with your novel !, 
  not , not at all . 
  not at all in the south-west ( between bordeaux and the pyrennes ) at least , it 's still taught in areas between toulouse and montpellier ( in toulouse , metros stations and most signs are written and said in french and in occitan ) , but it 's definitely a minor language . 
  and like denantes said , only a handful of very old people still have it as their mother tongue . 
  another spelling mistake :, 
   from the french `` d\u00e9gomm\u00e9r '' , to dismiss, 
  it 's `` d\u00e9gommer '' , there is no accent at the end . 
  actually , the ussr used a lot of women in combat situation . 
  ah ah ah , so true . 
  i love your idea , however i was wondering ... 
  are you thinking of doing the same thing , but with the books in their original language ? 
  i wanted very much to buy the `` anna karenina '' poster , but i would much rather prefer if it was in russian . 
  ( same thing for 20 000 leagues under the sea , but this time it 's beacause i 'm french and i would feel really bad buying it in english ), 
  i just want to leave my mark here : i was there for the snoop lion ama . 
  very interesting post , thank you for that . 
  i remember this being posted before , and someone saying that this were n't actual mugshots ( as in , taken by the police for identification and classification purpose ) , but rather the work of a photographer . 
  still quite awesome . 
  great , looking forward to it . 
  oh , come on . 
  i hate the guy but he was a fantastic actor . 
  agreed . 
  but at least his was great at one point in his life . 
  i guess that 's not bad . 
  they actually sell tee-shirts with shitty memes on it , here in st-petersburg ( russia ) . 
  actually , 9blague is so bad it becomes hilarious . 
  edit : nevermind , it 's crap . 
  i was thinking of another site that was making fun of 9blague , and was hilarious . 
  not this one though . 
  there is no widespread french internet culture . 
  there are many sub-cultures in several communities , but nothing that everyone would know . 
  i do n't really care , to be honest . 
  i mean , if you look at it , english speaking internet '' '' `` culture '' '' '' is not exactly great , is it ? 
  memes , shitty funny videos , people living out of youtube videos ... you can find great things on the english speaking internet , but the widespread culture is 99 % crap . 
  there are actually many pretty famous french speaking-guys making youtube videos . 
  le joueur du grenier is the most famous one . 
  ah ah ah ah ah , spot on my friend . 
  norman and cyprien are huge piles of crap , never understoood how so much people could like them . 
  yes . 
  if it can make you feel better , no it 's not just you , a lot of people find them very funny , and i 'm not only talking about 14 years-old boys and girl ( who should be their main target audience ) . 
  i 'm 21 and know many people who like them . 
  `` huge piles of crap '' is a bit exagerrated of course , it 's in reaction to their popularity i think . 
  and i can certainly understand your feeling rewarded by understanding them ( i 'll be so proud of myself the day i can understand russian comedic videos , even the shittiest ones ) . 
  but still , their humor is pretty low . 
  i think that their only `` talent '' is to pick up situations that everyone has experienced and make fun of these situations ... so it can be funny ( i admit ) but it 's never hilarious . 
  in conclusion :, 
  1 \u00b0 ) awesome of you to learn french , i hope you like it , 
  2 \u00b0 ) come on . 
  if you want funny french stuff , there is so much better things out there : [ les nuls ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zp7u8ued8t4 ) , [ les inconnus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aexmf1s9ewe ) , coluche , [ groland ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/ru?ff=1&amp;urlback=%2fvideo%2fxbj1t_groland-le-complot-des-vieux_news ) , or even movies : oss 117 , les visiteurs , la grande vadrouille ... 
  oh , come on . 
  spain is n't perfect , but i think it can at least be considered a democracy . 
  interesting . 
  do you think you could provide me a link of an article about spain 's electoral system ? 
  it 's something i know very little about , i have to admit . 
  i thought it was a south park reference . 
  now i feel bad . 
  napoleon was a dictator ( and indeed he wanted to attack russia , maybe not destroy it though ) . 
  that he did a few good things and that he was a military genius does n't change that fact . 
  ( i 'm french , by the way ), 
  really ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  because i 'd be surprised that someone as intelligent as napoleon would be naive and genuine enough to seriously expect to be welcome as a `` liberator '' in whole europe . 
  yeah , that 's the issue . 
  you do n't get over that fact . 
  your body will keep fighting for its life , and it will be horribly painful . 
  the only peaceful way to drown is in very cold water , when you basically pass out before drowning . 
  interesting , thanks for the heads up . 
  i have no actual expertise on the subject , i confess . 
  just that i nearly drowned once ( i had basically been surfing for a few hours , i was exhausted and took what was probably the biggest wave of the day on my face ) , and i was n't calm at all . 
  when i started seeing dots in front of my eyes , i fucking panicked - which was damn stupid , of course - and ... well , not very peaceful . 
  i did n't know about shallow water blackout , thanks again . 
  i knew for the `` classic '' record , but that 30-minutes-hyperventilating record is ... holy shit . 
  i really need to work on that when i 'll be again close to the ocean . 
  being able to stay several minutes underwater without trouble must feel fucking great ( though it 's a bit harder when you 're being crushed against the sand by a wave :d ),
