  - sex ( not so much as in got , but definitely plays a part ), 
  - covers a fairly long period ( though i 'm not sure for got ... how much time has passed in universe from the first book to the current tv show ? ), 
  - important characters can ( and will ! ), 
  die or suffer a not so great fate . 
  and yes , it 's an amazing series of books ( apart from the last one , do n't bother with it ) . 
  yeah , though she raises very interesting issues in this article , she did n't adress this critique at all . 
  there is no doubt that the north korean state knows exactly who was her students , and there is clearly a risk they will be put in danger ( anonymizing them in the book does n't change that ) . 
  i 'm not saying that she was wrong in doing it but , as you said , the compareasons she used are n't convincing . 
  what ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  from what i know , hitler planned an entire operation solely to capture moscow , and the german army was repelled just a few kilometers from the soviet capital . 
  i 'm pretty sure he did not `` refuse '' to take moscow . 
  you can even find `` literary '' writers who were prolific . 
  my favourite example is [ georges simenon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georges_simenon ) , who wrote more than 500 novels ( wikipedia says he was able to write `` between 60 and 80 pages a day '' , no idea how that 's even physically possible ) and is , in my opinion , one of the greatest french-language writers of the xxth century . 
  and i mean , purely style-wise , the dude wrote insanely well . 
   this was the reason why france fought to the last man in the first world war : no one would accept another german triumphal parade through paris . 
  that seems ... highly debatable to me . 
  can you , or anybody else , elaborate on that ? 
  i 'm not debating the fact that this was felt as a major humiliation , what i 'm less sure about is the fact that this was `` the reason '' that france fought `` to the last man '' ( which is weird expression for an historian by the way : france did n't fought `` to the last man '' , it did n't need to ) in ww1 . 
  from what i know of the conflict it 's at best an extremly simplified view , but i 'm by not means an expert , which is why is asked for you or someone else to elaborate . 
  well , even if it was useless at that time , you could argue that as a military officer he should have seen the potential . 
  and some more ww1 bad history in those same comments :, 
   especially considering france was so behind the times in terms of how warfare would be conducted . 
  at the beginning of the war they basically walked out in bright uniforms into open fields and germany slaughtered them with modern artillery . 
  i really wonder how france managed to win the war if it was `` so behind the times in terms of how warfare would be conducted '' . 
  also , from what i know ( which , admittedly , is n't that much ) , france had excellent artillery . 
  oh , and still regarding france , but fo ww2 this time :, 
   and outdated strategy led to them putting up less of a fight in wwii than belgium . 
  yeah , with about 60 000 killed and 120 000 wounded , france clearly just surrended without doing anything . 
  thanks for the context . 
  so not the greatest overall , but still far from being totally outmatched by the germans . 
  was it here or on askhistorians ? 
  but i remember having read a fascinating post on the different ways armies used to get and calculate the coordinates for artillery strikes , and i think the post said that france had done something very innovative with this that the americans then took and made even better ( by the time of ww2 ) . 
  of course i do n't remember exactly what it was , does that tell you anything ? 
  that 's not what he asked though ... the blurb is good , i 'm not sure it brings anything to to the table to say `` based on this blurb your book seems lame '' just because it is n't the genre that attract you . 
  yes , i think it was something like that !, 
  but the post was very detailed and also mentionned the french during ww1 and the soviets in ww2 ; it was really really interesting . 
  damn it , i should have saved it . 
  it is indeed !, 
  thank you very much . 
  oh wow , i would very much like to read this . 
  got a link ? 
  to be fair i knew about this too ... from a cracked.com article , long ago . 
  paris is n't very big indeed . 
  as a tourist , that makes just walking around the city a really great experience , you can cross from north to south or from east to west in less than 3 hours . 
  source : i live in paris . 
  i discovered this when going to russia . 
  ah , those tea-drinking nations ... 
  fun fact : `` bastille day '' ( which is not called that in french ) does not actually celebrate the storming of the bastille , but the `` f\u00eate de la f\u00e9d\u00e9ration '' which happened a year later . 
  [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%aate_de_la_f%c3%a9d%c3%a9ration ), 
   the media does n't report on indian terror attacks both for the reason you stated ( third world gets no publicity ), 
  there has actually been study on this . 
  the media does report on those attacks , but you know what ? 
  nobody wants to read about it . 
  i remember a news website did an experience when they put news of a lebanon terror attack on their frontage for a whole day , and people still did not click on it . 
  not saying our are media are perfect but in that case it 's completely unrelated . 
  it 's just a natural reaction : yes , people care more about stuff that happens closer to them , and `` closer '' also means culturally closer ( like , an american will care more about something that happens in france than in india ) . 
  hey ,, 
  russian media [ are talking about ] ( https://twitter.com/fasterslon/status/753737984508321793 ) one russian dead and one injured . 
  this is awesome . 
  i think the thrawn trilogy was maybe the only star wars books that one could enjoy even without being a star wars fan . 
  they were just great science-fiction stories . 
  though `` highly trained swat forces '' is a pretty good way to put it . 
  of course it 's a bit more complex because the gign is part of the gendarmerie , which is a police force ( basically , in france , the police operates in the cities , and the gendarmerie in the countryside ) , but they are part of the military . 
  in the summer , paris is absolutely empty of parisians . 
  it 's actually almost scary sometimes , the city can feel dead . 
  but that may explain the lack of people ( though of course , tourists are still there , and they tend to be the one going to the louvres . 
  so i 'm not sure that 's the right explanation ), 
  so feminism is `` neo-marxism '' ? 
  damn , that 's a new one . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i ca n't really tell . 
  i 'm french and ... yeah , i feel stupid . 
  it 's well known that the russians occupied paris for some time , but i admit i was clueless about this . 
  to be fair , this is kind of a urban legend , it 's probably not true . 
  same here for france . 
  well to be honest we 've been sucking really bad so far , but at least i got to watch archery , rowing , ping pong , handball , water polo , fencing , swimming and many others . 
  but not the french army :( ( at least in the base game ), 
  well according to his facebook page , the guy works for the ukrainian defense minister . 
  i do n't know exactly what he does ( his page says `` advisor '' ) , but he very likely is n't a journalist . 
   so maybe he 's a military photographer ? 
  the guy 's facebook page says he work for the ukrainian defense minister so yes , that 's the most likely explanation . 
  and regarding the `` people do n't give a fuck what you wear '' , yeah , actually , they often do . 
  in many conflicts ( not all , but ukraine is a case where that applies ) , hurting foreign journalists is seen as really bad publicity that should be avoided . 
  even the russia-supported separatists generally avoided shooting at journalist because of the bad press it creates . 
  of course , that does n't protect against random shells , drunkards or just being in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  but that does n't mean `` nobody gives a fuck '' . 
  any decent war reporter knows to wear press marking . 
  that 's your very personal opinion , and it 's definitely not shared by most professionals . 
  dumb question : how come , considering this , melbourne is so regularly ranked as one of the best places in the world to live ? 
  is everything else so much better that it makes up for what seems to be a huge downside in 2016 ? 
  what happened ? 
  from what i remember it was a decent game . 
  hey , since you put an interrogation mark on the 25th picture , it means ( literally ) `` here 's how it 's going to be for the fascist beast '' . 
  god that 's really fun : i live in france and always go swimming in the summer in a place whose twin town is old orchard beach . 
  the two are twin towns because a plane who did one of the first atlantic crossing in 1929 left from old orchard and crash-landed on the beach of this french city . 
  but it 's pretty funny to learn that it 's also a french-speaking place . 
  the french city in question : [ mimizan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mimizan ), 
  got it . 
  still fun !,
