  same here . 
  i just read the great gatsby , and i did n't enjoy it that much . 
  a friend told me i should read it in english ( it was a french translation ) but ... meh . 
  on the other hand , i have a collection of his short-stories and i like a lot of them . 
  never seen an author express melancholy so well . 
  ah ah ah , that 's one of the best r/tall photo i 've ever seen . 
  this sign makes you look so fucking huge . 
   but this `` fun '' must be treated like research, 
   if you want to be a writer , everything you do must serve the writing . 
  i highly disagree with that . 
  fun treated like research . 
  what the fuck , seriously . 
  `` everything you do must serve the writing '' . 
  right , i bet every famous writer was thinking all the time `` does drinking this cup of tea serves my writing ? 
  well fuck that cup of tea ! '' . 
  serve the writing . 
  that does n't even mean anything . 
  of course you have to sacrifice other things to write . 
  of course you do n't have and you should n't sacrifice everything to write . 
  so basically , the act of living serves the writing . 
  well yeah , it 's true , it 's just a huge captain obvious . 
  sorry , english is n't my first language and i did n't understand your sentence . 
  yep . 
  they were very cheap , so the british dropped thousands of them on france for the french resistance . 
  that 's funny , because i have n't read a single article in france saying that the movie was racist . 
  actually , the only critisicm were because the movie was mocking contemporary art and stuff like that . 
  most racism accusations came from the us ( i do n't know about other europeans countries , tough ) . 
  i saw this more like a way to make the two characters very different at the beggining , in order to create a conflict , which is what makes a movie interesting . 
  last week 's goal :, 
   alright , i 'm starting now : writing 5000 words this week seems like a realistic goal . 
  i currently wrote 10 000 words of my novel , which is the longest i ever wrote . 
  considering i except my novel to be between 60 000 and 80 000 words , i 'm quite proud of myself . 
  i 'm not sure that i 'll finish the novel this summer ( which was my initial goal ) , but i 'm going to try and write as much as possible . 
  well , if i 'm counting right , my novel is now 18 000 words long , which means i wrote 3000 words more than i planned . 
  same objective this week , 5000 words is actually pretty easy to achieve , so if i do n't write one day , i can just catch up the other day . 
  it 's going pretty fluently for now , even if i except it to be a bit harder as soon as i hit the second part of my novel . 
  man , that 's great . 
  i 'm going to mix your idea with the time-travel idea , also with the ghost idea and also with the messiah idea . 
  i 'm sure that , by mixing a lot of good ideas , i will end up with something great . 
  because good + good + good = great . 
  it 's maths . 
  hey , thanks a lot !, 
  as for the language , well it will surely be a fantastic novel , so it 's probably going to be a best-seller the day it 'll come out , which means it will be translated in english very quickly . 
  probably . 
  maybe . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  my only objective for now is to finish it . 
  like , really finish it , not just finish the first draft . 
  i 'm probably going to make it read to a handful of friends after that , and that will be it . 
  simply finish it would already be really awesome . 
  what is it about ? 
  it 's written in french . 
  as for publishing/self-publishing ... it 's really going to depends on what i think it 's worth . 
  i love my story but it 's my first book , so it could very well be a piece of crap . 
  but if it turns out that i like it , and that a few impartial people around me ( like , internet people ) like it as well ... maybe i 'll try and take it out there . 
  but i 'm still a long way from this . 
  long sentences are n't better or worse than short sentences . 
  but they are harder to write . 
  saying `` only use short sentences '' is stupid , but it 's true that you should be more careful when writing long sentences . 
  also , being a lamborghini murcielago might help for the `` standing out '' part . 
  i disagree . 
  the movie is quite different from the book , and both are indeed very good , but it 's not better . 
  really , i think it 's going to come to which one you read or saw first . 
  i read the book first and i was surprised at how good the movie was , but not the point where i found the movie better . 
  for example , i finished the book with a sense of `` holy shit what the fuck '' ( which really is the trademark of christopher priest ) that i did n't found in the movie . 
  nice pace . 
  keep up . 
  true . 
  it 's only a matter of a few months/years , and saying that the french prefer the physical book is stupid . 
  the jack lang law is pretty important though . 
  last week 's goal :, 
   same objective this week , 5000 words, 
  done . 
  did n't write as much as last week tough , but i did my 5000 words ( 5300 to be precise ) . 
  same goal for this week . 
  500 words in 15 minutes ? 
  jesus christ , that 's productive . 
  well yeah , in theory . 
  but for me , it 's very , very fast . 
  it takes me about an hour to write 700 words . 
  my writing is very similar to hemmingway , only more better . 
  it 's not that they occasionnaly do n't count your hours , it 's that they have n't always counted the hours . 
  so if you 've been playing gmod for a long time , they just did n't count your first hours . 
  and then i did . 
  no it 's not . 
  not anymore at least . 
  you mean beating the shit out of the spanish army in cuba ca n't be considered isolationist ? 
  do n't you think that , in this case , `` hook up '' simply means `` kiss '' ? 
  edit : because , you know , the guy says that he did it `` a few times '' , which would be unusual in a drunken party . 
  it is pronounced `` shap-o '' , only the `` a '' is pronounced in a french way . 
  the count of monte cristo . 
  i struggled through the first volume , and never read the second . 
  i really found it boring and uninteresting . 
  why , are there several french-speaking people here ? 
  huge fail for me last week , i did n't write . 
  at all . 
  current word count is a bit over 20 000 . 
  i 'll try and bring it to 25 000 this week . 
  i 'm french too , so not that lonely !, 
  op , thank you very much .
