  also , that bullshit about `` sovereign democracy '' ( even though that has more to do with the russian governement than the russian people ) . 
  yep , i completely agree . 
  what i mean is that the simple fact of not being russian means that your opinion is automatically worthless . 
  i 've been studying in russia . 
  i 'm learning russian language . 
  i know russian history fairly well and i love russian literature ( so , i also know it fairly well ) . 
  and yet , if i emit the slighest critisicsm about russia , in most cases i will be simply the foreigner who does n't understand anything ( this is also linked to a latent hostility towards foreigners in general ) . 
   i ca n't remember the last time i heard of an immigrant chinese gang rape or them forcing western girls into foot binding . 
  that post is racist . 
  i do n't even want to argue about it , because if there 's any need of arguing about this , that means any discussion is impossible . 
  i 'm writing less than planned , but i 'm writing every single day , which is the important thing for me . 
  also , i finished the tenth chapter , and i 'm having this exciting feeling that the end is near : only 6 more chapters to write , three of which i 've actually already wrote a good part of . 
  most of voltaire 's novels . 
  interesting , it looks a lot like the massacre of people from vend\u00e9e during the french revolution . 
  i 'm actually very afraid of doing that in my novel ( it 's a detective story , so it 's all about putting hints that the clever inspector will understand but the reader wo n't ) . 
  ah well , we 'll see when i 'll finish it and make it read by some people . 
  whatever issue comes up can and will be fixed . 
   explain to the bf and kids that you need at least an hour or so to yourself every day where you wo n't be disturbed . 
  i second that advice . 
  obvious , but that 's where you should start . 
  that looks absolutely delicious . 
  well done . 
  why do you guys want so much to sound like pretentious assholes ? 
  if you do n't want people to ask about your novel , do n't say that you 're writing one . 
  does n't seem so hard . 
  an inspector of the new-york police tries to solve a murder that happened on the titanic right before it sank . 
  it seems that most people in this thread are mixing `` describe your novel in one sentence '' and `` write a marketing slogan about your novel '' . 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  i mean , except by making the titanic sink several times , i do n't really see how you could write several novels on this premise , 
  well , i do n't plan on writing the same novel over and over again , just changing the setting and characters . 
  but hey , if this one sells in the millions and i become a billionnaire driving a car that runs on baby seal oil , then i might . 
  you know , i actually thought of doing that . 
  but it would have been waaay too complicated for a first novel , and anyway it was n't really the story i wanted to tell . 
  so no , my story is simply a not-very-original whodunit without any international conspiration . 
  that ... that could actually be bloody awesome . 
  i 'd read that . 
  that sounds cool . 
  are you close to finishing it ? 
  can you elaborate a bit about the story ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  most `` marketing slogans '' ( in this thread ) simply try to intrigue the reader without actually explaining the novel . 
  describing the novel in one sentence should be about telling the core of the story . 
  fair enough . 
  good luck on that anyway !, 
  i do n't plan on writing about that , if that 's what you 're implying . 
  my current novel is way too advanced for me to change the plot , and anyway i 'm not the one who thought about it so i wo n't steal an idea . 
  still , it 's an awesome idea . 
  that happens in every country . 
  the guy gets 10 years after a plea bargain because there were no proof and no witnesses . 
  and he 's released after 5 years after going in front of a commission ( i do n't how it 's called in the us ) that certifies that he can go back to civilian life . 
  done . 
  disclaimer : i actually think russian justice is waaaay worse and way more corrupted than most western judiciary systems . 
  but the compaints about how a vicious murderer got a really small sentence ... 
  i hear them everyday ( i 'm not russian nor american , by the way ), 
  i 'm amazed at this map , honestly . 
  not only because i 'm french , but because i 'm french and i 've been to russia , and i simply can not believe that french people are more racist than russian people . 
  we have a lot of integration issues , but it simply does n't compare to the racism level in russia . 
  or maybe i 'm extremly misleaded but i doubt it . 
  the french constitutional council had already previously stated that it was to the legislator to decide on this matter , so there was absolulety no doubt it about the constitutionnality of it . 
  this was more a last desperate attempt from the opposition than anything . 
  friendzone does n't exist . 
  `` friendzone '' is just someone who likes you but is n't sexually attracted to you . 
  there is no entering or getting out of this . 
  get over it , and stop whining . 
  actually , i think the consensus is that it did n't touch the ground . 
  oh , silly me , i did n't read the post properly . 
  i was thinking of the tunguska meteor . 
  yes , i did n't fully your read your post and was thinking of something else ( the tunguska meteor ) , my bad . 
  also , you can find on amazon ( and probably in other places ) stickers with russian letters that you can put on your keyboard . 
  i did it , and it 's really great : i do n't have to use the on-screen keyboard in memrise , and i can now type in russian at a rather decent speed . 
  for the sole professional purpose of identifying overused words , i would prefer a simple graph . 
  do you know if it exists in this form ? 
  awesome !, 
  thanks . 
  as far as i know , as common as in any big touristic place . 
  be careful with your belongings in crowded ( metro , for example ) and touristic area , and do n't take your passport with you . 
  basic stuff . 
  that man is right . 
  if you are over 18 , zahn 's trilogy is the only thing in the star wars eu worth reading . 
  i was about to do so , but i think / u/restricteddata pretty much answered everything i was wondering about the article and the historiography it is based on . 
  i hope i did n't break any rules by posting this . 
  thank you for this great and fascinating answer , it 's really all i needed to know . 
  very nice looking collection . 
  my god , that shelf is gorgeous . 
  i hope i 'll have something like that one day . 
  they did n't think it was a bit creepy ? 
  or maybe only those who have a story to share write about it , so you have the impression that everybody did something awesome , whereas it 's just that those who did n't do n't write about it . 
  also , a bit of lying , yeah . 
  excuse me , but that 's a stupid argument . 
  habits can be changed . 
  france also had the reputation of being a `` nation of smokers '' , and the tobacco laws are very well enforced ( except maybe for the interdiction to sell cigarette to people under 16 ) . 
  maybe russia is , right now , a nation of smoker , but they do n't have to `` always be '' . 
  also , multiply the price of cigarette by 4 or 5 , and see if russia is still a nation of smokers , 
  thanks for the tip , that 's also something that interest me and i would have never thought about ukrain . 
  do you have more precise info on the price ? 
  i do n't know , i guess i 'm not as pessimistic . 
  and i think what is true now ( --  today , russia is definitely a nation of smokers ) may not be true tomorrow . 
  and i do n't think ( but i may be wrong ) that smoking is such a strong part of russian identity . 
  alcohol would be more in that case .
