  [ independent olympians at the olympic games ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_olympians_at_the_olympic_games ), 
  ah yes , the evil plot of the westerners . 
  of course . 
  agreed . 
  and seriously , the hunger games in a selection of 25 `` spectacular '' science fiction books ? 
  you really could n't find anything better ? 
  hmm , no . 
  watermelon sucks . 
  try melon . 
  it 's like a watermelon , but it also has taste . 
  the ending was so fucking intense . 
  jesus christ that feels good . 
  yeah , that was pretty annoying when i was in australia . 
  ( i 'm french , and 2 meters high ) . 
  everything was in metric system , but whenever someone asked my height and i said `` about 2 meters i think '' , they would go `` no , in feet i mean '' . 
  you got ta make your choice australia, 
  hmm , no ? 
  ( i was 1m99 when i was in australia ), 
  sure , but i think he also knew exactly what i meant and say that just for the pleasure of being a smartass . 
  not weird , but it was still considered exceptionnal . 
  being 75 at that time was probably like being 100 today . 
  and then , make one about jack churchill . 
  then find a third personn and call it `` the crazy badasses trilogy '' . 
  i understood very well . 
  i also think you 're wrong . 
  sure , lots of babies died , but even if you survived your first years , you still had a lot of chance to die because of wars , diseases , hunger , accidents ... a lot of men did n't go over 40 , and being 80 was indeed exceptionnal/weird . 
  i knew i should n't have looked at your username . 
  yeah , i also thought so . 
  that being said , awesome video . 
  first wave is insane , as is that barrel . 
  nice job . 
  i 'd like to see that first wave at normal speed though . 
  to be fair , britain and scotland both have the same number of gold medals . 
  pretty cool , but the standard black mask already looks so cool i would n't want to have anything else . 
  yep , congratulations usa , that was awesome to watch . 
  great comeback from agnel , but there was no way he could beat phelps . 
  very well done . 
  well , i assumed it was a novelty account because your answer was so ridiculously agressive , it could n't be anything but a joke . 
  you 're were n't even in the conservation , you talk about logic and proofs ( hmm , where ? 
  nobody - including me , yes - offered any kind of proofs ) without briging a single source , or even a single explanation . 
  you insult me , even tough i was n't talking to you and even though i just said `` i think you 're wrong '' , which is n't very rude . 
  and finally , you 're bullshiting me about your `` growing as a person '' stuff , like you know me , and like you 're some kind of genius . 
  i assumed you were a novelty account so i can `` avoid taking a look at myself '' , yeah right . 
  chill out , dude . 
  life is beautiful , you do n't have to jump at the throats of strangers on the internet just to make you feel alive . 
  they do . 
  just look on the youtube channel of the wrc . 
  * agnel, 
  well , it was nice making fun of great-britain for their lack of gold medals . 
  i guess all good things must end . 
  did this guy put france among countries `` we used to own '' ? 
  that 's really low . 
  well , the english did own france ( or parts of it at least ) for a few decades during the middle-ages . 
  but then , that means we could claim the medals of every single country in europe ( great-britain included , of course ) , most african countries and a few asian countries . 
  oh , and also a few american medals ( because of louisiane ) and canada . 
  ah , those were the days . 
  * sigh * i miss oppressing people . 
  you 're being awesome hosts by not winning anything . 
  you are , indeed . 
  you rude * bastards * . 
  most of the time , penalties are for refusing the fight . 
  really ? 
  that 's a question i was asking myself : they * have to * play in bikini , except if it 's really cold ? 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  well done gb . 
  ( no seriously , i hate you ), 
  i 'm not . 
  in the final , the english certainly deserves their victory . 
  but come on . 
  he said `` we planned it '' , but he actually meant `` i lost control and fell '' ? 
  i watched it live , and when watching the slow-mo replay just after the crash i immediatly felt something was weird . 
  he obviously crashed on purpose , and that 's a bit sad . 
  they planned to do it in case they had a bad start , apparently . 
  damn . 
  that was supposed to be [ a link to this article ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/sport/2012/aug/03/london-2012-philip-hindes-crash-translation?newsfeed=true ) , sorry . 
  `` we were saying if we have a bad start we need to crash to get a restart . 
  i just crashed , i did it on purpose to get a restart , just to have the fastest ride . 
  i did it . 
  so it was all planned , really . '', 
  are you saying he was joking ? 
  that could very well be true ( i did n't see the actual interview ) . 
  but in that case , why did n't they just say that , instead of using the bullshit explanation of `` he does n't speak english very well \u00a7 \u00a7 '', 
  and there 's still the fact that his crash was weird , to say the least . 
  i could n't find one either . 
  but you should have it on the bbc website , i heard they have pretty much everything , especially concerning the british . 
  so , they are authorized to do this ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  if they can reset the start , why fall ? 
  why not simply stop ? 
  the feeling 's mutual . 
  we will . 
  aaaaaand we 're back . 
  i still think they could have give 2 gold medals . 
  last world championship in swimming :, 
   two swimmers from france shared the gold medal in the men 's 100m backstroke : camille lacourt and jeremy stravius both touched in 52.76 , leaving the bronze for japan 's ryosuke irie ( 52.98 ) . 
  it is the first time in the history of the fina world championships that a medal is shared by two swimmers of the same country . 
  even more extraordinary : france had never medalled in this race in the previous 13 editions of the competition !, 
  what happened in the lightweight double sculls is simply ridiculous . 
  i know i 'm gon na sound like a bad sport , but starting the race again because they had a technical failure is so wrong . 
  yeah .
