  i 'm saying this actual picture is fake . 
  learning any language is very hard . 
  and in that perspective , yes , learning english is fairly easy . 
  ( english is not my native language and i speak it quite well ) . 
  oooohh i did n't know that website , thaaat 's amazing !, 
  it pissed me off to no ends to looks for hours to the right answer . 
  even my russian girlfriend could n't find it at times . 
  that 's going to be so much help . 
  bookmarked . 
  thank you !, 
  what ? 
  i literraly said `` that picture is fake '' . 
  i could understand you if i had said `` that 's fake '' , but i 'm literrally reffering to the picture , not the event . 
  i did n't imply anything else . 
  alright , alright , no worries , i understand what you mean . 
  kamchatka is actually fairly famous in the surf community . 
  not in the sense that a lot of people go there , but it was discovered not so long ago and in the spirit of always going further , it 's really spot on : russia , cold , far from everything , and pretty much untouched . 
  there 's even been several international surf competition done there , last one was in may : http://surfchallenge.nixon.com/, 
  and using the traditionnal fucking awesome russian truck : http://40.media.tumblr.com/611d9b695b2b9304db88c6c38d381b00/tumblr_n578zfzuet1tvvuvto3_1280.jpg, 
  and coming out to surf using a fucking awesome mi-8 : http://a1.espncdn.com/photo/2013/0910/as_surf_helicopter_2048.jpg, 
  yep , he 's not holding a weapon on this photo . 
  however he 's wearing the exact same uniforms as the other guys , has no `` press '' markings whatsoever and there are other videos of him where he 's not only holding but even firing guns . 
  on the other hand , none of those comments are among the top rated comments . 
  but this is r/pics . 
  if you look for stupid people , you will always find them . 
  edit : ben oui : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/runaway:_a_road_adventure, 
  fun fact : the ratp owns the london united busways . 
  yep , the `` autonomous operator of ** parisian ** transports '' operates the london buses . 
  oh , sweet irony . 
  it 's literally written on it `` illustration from walt disney 's production `` victory through air power '' '' . 
  thank you for this very interesting answer . 
  if it does n't bother you , your answer made me wonder about two other things :, 
  were they any bodies inside the soviet law enforcement agencies ( excluding the kgb ) that were specifically aimed at conducting investigations ? 
  also , could you recommend me any litterature regarding how the transition was made in the 90 's regarding the methods of investigation ? 
  did the russian police keep similar methods , or were they able to get higher budget and therefore enforce higher standards ? 
  alright , thanks for your answer !, 
  and yes , they switched to * politsiya * in 2011 . 
  it makes perfect geopolitical and economic sense for russia to get closer to china . 
  however , those `` shared values '' are n't really values , to be honest , there are more a way to conduct international relations . 
  i truly wonder how the russian-chinese relations are going to evolve in the next few years , it 's going to be fascinating . 
  for example , how does the struggle of influence in central asia between the two countries will impact their overall relations ? 
  will their be able to have their own regional struggle while maintaining good relations on the international scene , or will it tense the relation overall ? 
  in any case , i do n't think there will ever be a strong alliance between russia and china . 
  and i 'm not even sure putin wants it . 
  i upvoted you because you seem like an hilarious guy . 
  i hope to read more of you in the future !, 
  ( i would like to say as an introduction that it 's amazingly refreshing to read you . 
  you 're actually having a pro-putin stance without being an asshole , it 's really not that common ), 
  you know , i think there indeed was a bit of unfair critisicism towards russia . 
  it 's a country that both fascinates a lot of westerners and is at the same time very unknwown . 
  moreover , people have trouble understanding that there is something between democracy and dictatorship , that it 's not black or white . 
  and since people do n't know very much russia but since they know russia is n't a democracy , they will label putin as a dictator ( which he is n't ) . 
  russia has had such different experiences compare to most western countries that it 's very difficult for us to understand things like the fall of the ussr , the hardships of the 90 's and therefore the relief of having a stable leader and economic growth . 
  however , there are 2 points :, 
  - russia and the russian people should get over themselves . 
  you are not the only country in the world who 's facing a lack of understanding by other people . 
  in fact , except for extremly powerful cultural countries ( usa , japan , uk , maybe france and germany ? 
  ) , this kind of misunderstanding is faced everywhere . 
  if it 's so important for russians to be seen in a good way , they should ask their governement to make some effort to promote russia abroad . 
  - russian rethoric and actions are very agressive and offensive . 
  what this means is that currently , russia is almost impossible to defend by a `` normal '' person . 
  i know , because i 've tried . 
  it was possible to defend russia in last february ( `` well , you can agree with it , but it was indeed a coup against an elected president , russia has all the right to be pissed off by it '' ) , it was possible to explain ( not defend ) russia 's attitude in april ( `` well ... even though they annexed it by force , the truth is that the majority of crimeans probably agreed with joining russia '' ) , but now ... russia has been waging war in the east for months , has done everything to fuck ukraine 's up economically speaking , has been doing trade restrictions with countries wanting to join the european partnership agreement for months , has taken prisonner an estonian intelligence officer , has been doing multiple aerial patrols near other countries borders ... 
  hell , putin even has mentionned recently how he was n't sure that the secret protocol of the german-soviet pact was real ( ! ) . 
  so yes , there was a bit of unfair critiscism at the beginning , but the current attitude of russia makes it impossible to denounce . 
  and it 's not even possible to say something like `` it 's the governement that 's fucked up , not the country '' , because 90 % of the russian people support putin 's actions . 
  so currently , it 's not `` russophobia '' that 's driving the current rethoric towards russia . 
  it 's the fact that current russian actions goes against what most westerners think is right . 
  ps : speaking of cult of personallity , i recently went to the museum of the great patriotic war in moscow , and there was an entire part of the exhibition dedicated to the `` the putin family during world war i & ii '' . 
  even my pro-putin russian friend was ashamed of this . 
  ps 2 : i should mentionn that before the anti-gay law and even more before the ukrainian crisis , most western people were fairly neutral about russia . 
  not amazingly positive , but not very hostile either . 
  with some economic growth and a nice communication/diplomacy campaign , i 'm sure russia could have had a very decent image . 
  of course , that 's not going to happen now . 
  i picture you as being 12 years old . 
  and wearing only underwear while eating yoghourt . 
   spiegel : but we can not tell the ukrainians that they are not free to decide their own future . 
  kissinger : why not ? 
  okay , i agreed with a lot of what kissinger said in this interview , he 's a very intelligent guy . 
  and the west obviously has a share of responsibility in this , which does n't excuse russia 's actions . 
  but that last sentence is extremly weird , especially coming from him . 
  if you think ideals have no place in international relations , you obviously have n't followed any of them in the last hundred years . 
  yeah no , i may be over-interpreting it . 
  my guess would be that he meant that nato and the eu can perfectly refuse the entry of ukraine in any of them . 
  i do n't think there 's any point going into the topic , everybody know the arguments of the other party very well . 
  the russian side keeps talking as this conflict as a purely internal matter , whereas the western side says that the minority of ukrainian separatists in ukraine has been heavily supported by russian weapons and men ( and thus that russia is responsible for the conflict as it is now ) . 
  as long as there is no agreement on this basic issue , there 's no possible discussion . 
  that 's fascinating , thank you !, 
  the `` trial statue '' thing makes a lot of sense , yet i had never thought about it . 
  oh god , i just realize you 're the guy from `` da russophile '' . 
  thanks for showing me how much of a moron you are . 
  god i 'm french and i know absolutely nothing about this . 
  could you point me out interesting books/articles/anything on that topic ? 
  i 'm very curious to know how you manage to tell that they are ffl rather than any infantry regiment of the french army . 
  because it 's not true . 
  the only `` elite troops '' of the ffl is the 2\u00e8me rep * , and that 's only because they are paras . 
  they are not part of the cos and so are n't special forces . 
  i guess you could qualify them as `` shock troops '' then . 
  the other regiments are fairly standard french army regiments and are definitely not elite troops . 
  they have the same equipment as other regiments of the same types , receive the same kind of missions and apart from the initial training of the ffl , have the same training .
