  it 's a show of diplomacy , show the baltic states they wo n't be let down . 
  when you have intelligence officers getting kidnapped by the fsb , that make sense . 
  `` there is the belief that ukrainian crisis was started by putin , that 's not true '' . 
  yep , totally agree . 
  the ukrainian crisis was started by the ukrainian people . 
  talks about nato setting bases in baltic states , poland , romania ... 
  i 'm just wondering if cohen realize that usa used not to give a fuck about europe anymore . 
  usa was ( still is ) interested is south-east asia , because that 's where they believe shit will go down in the future . 
  it was a pain in the ass for obama to have to back to europe , it was definitely not a delibarate plan but was forced upon by the ukrainian crisis . 
  by the way , i 'm at 20:12 , and there still was n't a single word about crimea . 
  the word was not pronounced a single , freaking time . 
  i 'm saying it again because it does say everything : a 20 minutes discussion about the ukrainian crisis was done without ever mentionning the annexion of crimea . 
  `` you 're always welcome here at rt '', 
  yeah , i bet . 
  alright , that 'll be enough for today . 
  still always fun to watch rt. 
   there is nothing resembling solid proof , though , that 'd indicate current active military personnel present . 
  well , i was kind of wondering , thanks for giving me the answer : there actually are people who believe russian paratroopers got `` lost '' in eastern ukraine . 
  `` in the big lie there is always a certain force of credibility ; because the broad masses of a nation are always more easily corrupted in the deeper strata of their emotional nature than consciously or voluntarily '' ( that 's by goebbels , by the way ), 
  [ not bad ] ( http://www.thisisyourconscience.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/obama-reddit-ama-not-bad.jpg ), 
   is it a dying nation as so many people and data say ,, 
  i 'll let your general questions to russian people but , just so you know , data shows that russian demographic has been getting much better in the last few years . 
  still not amazing , but a good improvemement compare to the 90 's . 
  and so the dozen of russian soldiers who suddenly stop answering calls and those who were buried all died in training exercises ? 
  oh riiiight i forgot , they went on vacations there !, 
  i could understand ( without agreeing ) if you told me you think your governement is right to send soldiers . 
  but outright denying it ... 
  i mean , grow a pair , stop hiding behind \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f 1 and lifenews . 
   right now the us is drifting into recession, 
  they look rather well equipped . 
  or `` private '' bataillons ? 
  serious question : do you speak even a tiny bit of french ? 
  i really have the feeling that what foreigners see as rudeness , we see it as a `` why do you directly speak to me in english ? 
  why do you assume i speak english ? 
  that 's fucking rude ! '' . 
  i have always helped foreigners who ask me for help but never ever have i heard the sentences `` do you speak english ? '', 
  or `` excuse me , i do n't speak french '' . 
  they just always assume that everyone speaks english which , in my opinion , is the rude thing to do . 
  frankly , you look like the typical arrogant tourist that , in my opinion , deserve to receive a bad treatment from locals . 
  you can complain from , say , a waiter not speaking english . 
  because it 's their job , and a waiter not speaking english in the most touristic city on earth is dumb as fuck . 
  you can not complain from a local not speaking english . 
  you should appreciate the fact that a local speak english , but not take it for granted . 
   english is the international language , not french . 
  except when you 're in france , the local you 're speaking to is not in an international mindset . 
  he 's at home !, 
  why the fuck shoud he need to speak english for you ? 
  and yes , when you 're going in a foreign place , you should always be able to start and finish a sentence in the local language . 
  that means learning `` hello '' , `` excuse me '' , `` good bye '' plus a few basic sentences to order basic stuff . 
  it 's the most basic politeness . 
   i opened with `` parlais vou anglais '' , to which i received a laugh and a snide response of `` parlais vou francais ? '', 
  ok yes , that guy was being an asshole , no doubt . 
  but well , i 've heard entirely reversed experiences . 
  one day , my parents hosted a german guy who was going through all of france ( we live close to spain ) by horse . 
  and he told us he actually never had any problems , people were always very welcoming ( which , frankly , surprised me . 
  i mean he had a fucking horse , my parents live in the middle of nowhere so it was n't a problem but in a more populated area i do n't know how he did ) . 
  and he spoke extremly poor french . 
  anyway . 
  good night < 3, 
  just out of curiosity , what do you mean by `` horrible trigger control '' ? 
  i was expecting him to be firing like hell , but he was fairly calm . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  yeah , i was asking myself about that actually . 
  why do i watch videos from this sub ? 
  what does it bring me ? 
  a better understanding of the conflict ? 
  sure sometimes , but definitely not always . 
  some videos are just fighting , you ca n't see anything else , you have no idea where exactly it 's happening , what 's the context ... 
  i definitely think there is a lot of voyeurism here . 
  even from me , obviously . 
  still , not watching that one . 
  same . 
  as a security measure , it looks crap . 
  but it looks cool as hell and compare to other stuff we see here , it 's not that expensive . 
  i 'm actually considering this . 
  yeah , also that small thing . 
  so yeah , we could say that `` very welcomed and respected '' is pushing it a bit ( though there was plenty of collaboration , of course ) . 
  i personnally do n't expect that at all . 
  however , the website kind of implies that it can be used as a security measure , which it obviously ca n't . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with it looking cool . 
  i 'm fairly sure you see what i meant . 
  jesus christ , you are one pissed off guy . 
  wow yeah , that 's a fairly impressive prediction . 
  and anyway , the idea that the kremlin would be trying to influence candidates to the parliament is not surprising at all . 
  to be honest , it 's true . 
  it 's a terrible and sad thing for russia , but it 's true . 
  putin has managed to eliminate more or less all opposition ( with the help of the opposition itself , completely unable to form a credible alternative ) meaning that today , if putin was to step down for any reason , there probably would be a lot of chaos and it would probably fuck up russia even more . 
  again , it 's definitely not something to be proud of , but it 's true . 
  there were more interceptions of russian planes last week than in the all of 2013 . 
  so yeah , there 's been more of those incidents . 
  ( i 'm french ) that polemic is such bullshit ... yeah , she 's a damn minister , of course she does n't have time to read novels . 
  her only fault is that she was honest enough to admit it . 
  what 's pretty funny is that the french national front is now very keen to denounce the rise of fascism in ukraine , follwing nicely the russian line ( and even though le pen is famous for sentences such as `` the holocaust was a detail of history '' ) , whereas just a few years ago there were enjoying a nice relationship with the ukrainian svoboda party : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1e8ikj_le-front-national-recoit-le-parti-ukrainien-svoboda_news, 
  in that video , the leader of the national front is signing an agreement with svoboda . 
  yes , that 's a fairly good recap . 
  except `` conservatives '' is a bit exaggareted , but she has been cleaning the party in order to make it look more proper and nicer , yes . 
  the issue is , most fn militants are of the father 's kind , and do n't like at all how marine has been trying to make the party looks more respectable . 
  edit : and there 's also marion mar\u00e9chal le pen , she 's just above 20 years old but she already has a strong place in the party . 
  that picture is quite obviously fake . 
  as the other guy said , i do n't deny the event happened .
