  national front has no chance of winning the presidential . 
  you have only two parties who have that chance : les r\u00e9publicains and the socialist party . 
  contrary to what you 're saying , victory is very far from certain for the r\u00e9publicains , especially if they choose sarkozy as their candidate . 
  the guy is loved by militants of the party , but hated by everyone else . 
  thing is , sarkozy is the only r\u00e9publicain candidate who is strongly pro-russian . 
  even among the r\u00e9publicains , a lot of them actually do n't agree at all with russia 's attitude . 
  so , bottom line :, 
  - two parties can win the presidentials, 
  - one is clearly anti-putin, 
  - the other is very mixed : some of their members are very pro , but among them only sarkozy might become a candidate and if he is , it will be extremly difficult for him to win the presidential . 
  the others potential candidates are much less pro-russians than him . 
  ah yes , we are so proud of them . 
  especially di borgo , who sported a '' \u041e\u0431\u0430\u043c\u0430 \u0447\u043c\u043e '' tee-shirt with a huge smile . 
  gives such a great image of our political class . 
  avoid political topics and you 'll be fine . 
  as a french : are there really french apologists ? 
  ooooh , do you know mean those people who , each time someones makes a - often shitty - joke about french surrendering , comes with that crappy statistic about france having the best win ratio of any army ? 
  funnily enough , in france what they sell as `` blini '' are actually ... pancakes . 
  my guess is that it 's because our national plate , cr\u00eapes , actually very much look like your blinis . 
  ( i think the recipe is stlightly different , but overall it 's very similar ), 
  i do n't know this one , but i 've eaten quite a few times at teremok , 
  i do n't get it :, 
  - russia has been calling for a tribunal for the war crimes commited by the ukrainian military for months now, 
  - russia says the ukrainian military shot down mh17, 
  why is russia against this tribunal idea ? 
  seems to be exactly what they wanted !, 
  well , * duh * . 
  oh , that 's an awesome idea !, 
  ( okay it 's really short and kind of lame , but i thought if i did n't do it i would forget about it later . 
  thanks for this cool new addition to the sub ! ), 
  i do n't know what this is , but it 's not french . 
  i do n't know quebecois , but that sentence makes no sense in the french language . 
  i 'm guessing it 's simply a stackup of local slang put together by a non-french speaking personn , which would explain it . 
  thanks a lot , and i will !, 
  yes , but it 's like that pretty much in all of europe . 
  so it 's not unusual . 
  yeah , that was pretty cool when i saw a picture of a wall with graffiti written in croatian ( or serbian ? 
  i do n't remember exactly ) and i realized that i could actually understand what was written because it was basically russian but with a latin alphabet . 
  ( not saying croatian/serbian is the same as russian , obviously . 
  but this short writing on a wall really was basically the same thing ), 
  i find it pretty funny that when discussing russian language , people are always scared about the alphabet when it 's actually probably the easiest part of the russian language , to the point that i believe any tourist going to russia could easily prepare himself one week in advance and then be able to read all the signs in cyrillic without too much trouble . 
  now , the declensions however ... 
  and the movement verbs , oh god the movement verbs, 
  so are you saying in just a few years russian army will victoriously enter washington ? 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  the point is , russia 's main version is that the plane was shot down by a ukrainian army jet . 
  this finding would clearly disprove this version as wrong . 
  yes , what do you mean ? 
   that western public adamantly believes that russian channels that are funded by the state are 100 % controlled in every detail, 
  nope , was n't thinking about that . 
  the russian investigative comittee is not a `` russian media '' , it 's a state institution of the russian federation and it made several comments about having evidence of a ukrainian military jet shooting down mh17 , including a witness . 
  [ russian investigative committee analyzing evidence in case of malaysian boeing crash ] ( http://tass.ru/en/world/769035 ), 
   earlier , the investigative committee spokesman said investigators have received evidence of involvement of a ukrainian military aircraft in the malaysian boeing 's crash . 
   you do realize that if i were to call them up and state i saw dr. who dismantle one of the engines while i was flying by on a my reindeer born sleigh , that too would technically constitute as them ` receiving evidence of santa claus being involved in the malaysian boeing 's crash '', 
  well , if you think the russian investigative comittee is * that * stupid , sure it does . 
  merci !, 
  this is kind of a sub-question on this topic :, 
  how has the opening of the soviet bloc archives in 1992 impacted the historiography of the second world war ? 
   which apparently is the official terms for the scientific study of flags and related emblems, 
  guy ca n't even be bothered to check if vexillology is indeed the right term , leaves `` apparently '' . 
  * journalism *, 
   if you give a note in perfect french , the person would think you know enough french to understand what they 'll say , and answer in good french , and you 'll have trouble understanding, 
  except if , you know , you state in the first sentence that you do n't speak french . 
  yep , i confirm . 
  this means `` our motherland is the motherland of aviation '' . 
  ( this happened in belgium ), 
  i follow a few country subreddits , and r/russia is among the only one that regularly have those `` look , they say bad things about us !!! '', 
  threads . 
  it 's pretty pathetic , to be honest . 
  not really , because i usually do n't read them . 
  but i 'm guessing we have different definitions of `` russia-bashing '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , it certainly exists ( i 'm the first to say that people often have a distorted view of russia ) , but in the mind of some russians , every critiscm about russia can only be `` russia-bashing '' or `` russophobia '' . 
  hey , thanks !, 
  i am absolutely no expert on flags , so i stuck mostly to the `` story '' side . 
  however , if you feel like reading something more research-based about russian flags , you can take a look at this : [ russian regional flags : flags of the subjects of the russian federation ] ( http://escholarship.org/uc/item/8c36x1g5 ) . 
  the paper is , however , limited to regional flags and does n't go into into town flags ( which make sense : it would be huge task ), 
  well , i * did * make a joke about russian bureaucracy . 
  and the magnitnaya mountain is ( was ) pure iron , so that could explain it . 
  this is terrible journalism . 
  the website is a small , privately-owned , unknown website that talks about economic news . 
  the article stayed online more than 5 months before being modified . 
  ( here 's the link to a version from march : http://web.archive.org/web/20150315011807/http://bs-life.ru/rabota/zarplata/voennosluzashchie2015.html ) . 
  the original article quote no sources , nothing . 
  basically , there is n't the slightest indication that this `` leak '' has any truth to it . 
  edit :, 
   a respected news site in russia, 
  ah ah my god this is bad . 
  well , my guess is that the journalist called him and asked for a reaction whereas he had n't heard about it . 
  though , thinking about it , that 's still not an excuse , he could have just said `` i have n't heard about this , so i ca n't comment on it '' . 
  so yeah , it 's bad . 
  edit : it 's even worse considering that it would take a trained journalist exactly 30 seconds to see that this `` news '' is dubious . 
   que la m\u00e9thode scientifique au fond vaut autant qu'une simple opinion, 
  yes , he 's clearly aiming at kolomoisky . 
  really ? 
  the guy basically said `` ussr was well in ahead of other countries in terms of gender/race equality , so it 's normal russia is now far behind in that area ! '', 
  it makes no sense . 
  sure pal . 
  okay you 're joking but seriously : saint-petersburg in autumn fucking sucks . 
  rain , rain , oh god so much rain ( yes , i know , he said `` russia '' , which is ridiculously broad . 
  piter being one of the main touristic cities , i 'm giving my experience on it ),
