  saying it became an `` actual policy '' might be a bit exaggerated , i confess . 
  i do n't really see how that 's relevant with what i said . 
  because i do n't agree with our current governement on immigration 's ( and integration 's ) issues , i 'm communist ? 
  are you debating this with your left hand ? 
  stop flattering yourself . 
  facebook and social medias played a very small part in the arabs revolutions , because 95 % of the people who were in the streets did n't have internet . 
  all this shit about social medias overthrowing governements is just a way for western people to feel like they played a part in those revolutions . 
  you do n't overthrow a fucking 50 years dictatorship with 140 caracters . 
  oh my mistake , i was n't aware there was a wikipedia page about it . 
  must be true then . 
  what means an `` integral '' part anyway ? 
  ( that is a real question ), 
  ok . well i disagree . 
  maybe the tunisian revolution ( the first one ) would have been less mediatic without social media , but that 's pretty much it . 
  a revolt is a process much more complicated than `` everybody on tharir square lol #protest '' , even more complicated in a country such as egypt ( or syria , by the way ) with ethnics and social issues . 
  in egypt , the army did more to the revolution ( unfortunaly ) than any social media . 
  well it 's the right pronunciation . 
  i thought wwz was a rather cool book but i agree with you in the fact that it was very far from being `` that '' good . 
  it 's just a decent book with a very good idea but not a great writing , and some stories are n't interesting at all . 
  plus the fact that he keeps talking about how large his balls are , while playing with the g18 supressor ( witouht doubt the lamest sidearm in the game ) . 
  you 're kidding ? 
  i am a french tall guy and i get this question all the freaking time . 
  and i do n't count the times where my friends , knowing it pisses me off , tell people i just met to ask me that . 
  we made you shit your pants in the last 5 five minutes , at least . 
  ( but yeah , was n't a great match on our part ), 
  let 's now pray for a crushing and humiliating welsh victory . 
  right back at you . 
  ( i mean , i always support whoever 's playing the rosbeefs ), 
  ( and they 're were the best during this tournament ), 
  that 's pretty weird . 
  187cm is n't considered that high in france , i know at least 5 people who are taller than this . 
  i do n't live in paris , but i do n't see why people would be shorter in paris than in the rest of france . 
  maybe because of all the japanese tourists ... 
  pissing in it is a good and effective way to do that . 
  he actually gives a fuck . 
  he 's fucking loving it . 
  maybe . 
  but it feels sooooo good . 
  1 ) get to the lineup, 
  2 ) sit on your board , watch the horizon while the sun is quietly setting . 
  maybe think about how you 're so connected to the universe right now . 
  3 ) let it go , and thank mother nature for instant warm . 
  hossegor and biarritz for the most part , but where was the last wave filmed ?? 
  i do n't think belharra can be that deep . 
  ( and , not that i want to disapoint anyone , but beautiful topless 20 years olf girls is something you do n't see that often , even in france ), 
  when i tried root beer a few years ago , i had this weird voice in my head that said `` kill yourself , end the pain now '', 
  hmm yeah , theses waves are pretty deep but - holy shit are those fucking rocks, 
  ahahahah , awesome shot . 
  it 's interesting how you guys insist so much on the `` minority '' side of the killing . 
  i actually learned that the victims were `` minorities '' ( gee , what an ugly word ) here , i do n't think french newspapers mentionned it . 
  i useless to speculate now , because we do n't know anything . 
  it 's not even sure the three shooting are related ( well , the two shootings of the soldiers obviously are , but i ai n't so sure for the jewish school ) , and there is absolutely no clue that the murders were racially motivated . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  ok well , except for the civil war stuff ( i understand , but disagree ) , you make sense . 
  and i agree with you . 
  but i 'm just saying it 's useless to speculate now , let 's just wait to see what the investigation will tell . 
  can an american explain to me what the fuck is this shit ? 
  this ca n't be a real court , obviously , so who are these people ? 
  so are these people actors then ? 
  i mean there 's so little actual law in the crap this `` judge '' says i do n't even understand why this is set in a court . 
  edit : okay , read a few comments , i now understand . 
  not sure it is a good thing though . 
  you guys are morons . 
  the raid was perfectly fit for this job , what you 're saying is so direspectful to the guys who were wounded in the storming . 
  i stopped at around 19 , but being a girl , you should be done with it . 
  yes because the army always does things properly . 
  you know , like that time when a commando marine shot dead an hostage . 
  everyone can make mistakes . 
  the raid failed the surprise attack yesterday , and they got shot today ( which is hardly a `` mistake '' , as the guy was waiting for them ) . 
  [ photo of raid officers leaving the area after the storming . 
  ] ( http://twitter.com/#!/alexandragzz/status/182798379334631424/photo/1/large ), 
  mmmh yeah , it was deleted and i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  maybe because you could see the faces of a raid officer . 
  alright , i [ re-uploaded it ] ( http://imgur.com/toxa3 ) . 
  no it is n't . 
  when your book become public , it 's not entirely yours anymore . 
  it also belongs to every people who read and enjoyed it , and being the author does n't mean you can tell people how to consume your book ( well , you can tell , but they do n't have to listen to you ) . 
  well , not wanting to read the hunger games is one thing ( and indeed , no one cares ) , saying that `` all teen fiction is terrible '' is another . 
  hint : his dark materials, 
  damn , i tought it was a basic thing for countries to refuse to extrade their own nationals , but it turns out [ only a few countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extradition ) like france , germany , russia , austria , china and japan forbid extradition of their own nationals . 
  well , glad to be french . 
  the last book is a fucking masterpiece , honestly . 
  the first and second one are really good , but that conclusion ... god i have to re-read them . 
  such a law would be immediatly declared inconstitutionnal by the [ conseil constitutionnel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutional_council_of_france ) . 
  this is just sarkozy doing his election campaign , really nothing to worry about . 
  `` surrenders '' ? 
  i was n't aware the constitutionnal court was an army unit . 
  france as well . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  paris to sydney . 
  on a plane . 
  pain . 
  bitch in front of me getting comfortable . 
  god , so much pain . 
  `` ouais '' is used everywhere in france . 
  the obvious question is : did you nail her ? 
  if you try to stop and ca n't do it , you 're alcoholic . 
  simple as that . 
  i tought it was a rather good book ( like you , i finished it quite quickly ) , but i do n't understand what the fuss is all about . 
  i mean , it 's good , but it 's not that good .
