  but they can be very precise in swimming , and yet it still happens . 
  how could you be that precise on triathlon ? 
  it 's not just the first one who touches a wall with his finger , there 's a whole body to consider , and apparently they could n't determine who was first . 
  a shared gold medal would have been the best choice in my opinion . 
  first time in my life that i yell `` allez les danois , allez allez putain ! '', 
  ( go denmark , basically ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure every french did the same . 
  yeah , because that 's exactly the same thing as 2 people arriving at exactly the same time in a 50 kilometers race with 3 sports . 
  very well then . 
  thanks !, 
  i made them myself . 
  this . 
  the masters of beer are n't german , they 're belgians . 
  animal farm is short , easy to read and very good . 
  good starting point . 
  on the other hand , when you get drunk at home , eveyrone bring their own alcohol , and people only drink what they brought . 
  it 's a pretty weird thing to get used to . 
  `` ok , so that 's been taken care of . 
  now you can ask me if i play basketball , and we 'll be done with it . '', 
  french : you ca n't have the butter , the money from the butter and the ass of the butter lady . 
  whenever i use it , i say `` i need to drop a regiment of congolese paratrooper '', 
  the expression come from units of the french army who were stationned in africa , the colonial regiments . 
  so yeah , pretty racist ( but also hilarious ) . 
  trust me , in 1945 no french girl would give a cigar to a german pow . 
  not after what happened to french women who `` fraternized '' with german soldiers during the war . 
  usually , they would get their hair cut ( but you know , until they 're bold ) and would get humiliated in the street , spit on , be put on trucks so that everyone can insult them , all that kind of nice stuff . 
  still better than the men ( who were simply executed ) , but after that kind of exaction i do n't see any french women giving anything to german pow ( expect nurses or stuff like that of course ) . 
  thanks a lot , i 'll check those two . 
  i think him being a `` perfect '' character would only work if he turned out to be a plain asshole under tough circumstances . 
  because if he 's perfect at the beggining and the challenges he face only makes him more perfect ( like , it makes him understand stuff and stuff about life ) , at best it will be boring , at worst it will make the reader feel stupid ( and you do n't want your reader to feel stupid ), 
  well , everyone has different experiences . 
  i read war and peace in two weeks ( yep , the whole two books ) and simply loved it . 
  took me four months to read the brothers karamazov , and i was relieved to finish it . 
  the surprise looks real , but it 's still a very well executed act of propaganda . 
  france . 
  i 'm there for the semester , studying at the school of international relations ( which is located at smolny cathedral - probably the most beautiful place i 'll ever study in ) . 
  and yeah , there are a lot of bookshops in st petersburg . 
  i went to those two - which where indeed pretty good , but i 'm sure you could find other places . 
  i think dogfighting is pretty good in both ways , even if they are very different of course . 
  the difference is bombing ground targets . 
  that was so fun in battlefield 1942 , and you actually had to be pretty skilled at it to do it . 
  you know , if i had a kindle , for 2 pounds i would certainly buy it . 
  the product description is quite appealing ( except the last sentence . 
  seriously , take off the last sentence ) . 
  yes it is . 
  thank you . 
  there are so much english word used with a french terminaison in quebecquois , it amazes me that they have the reputation of being the `` good guy '' of the french language . 
  ( by the way : `` stop '' is also a french word ), 
  yes you are . 
  but i guess americans do n't get that there are very few people in europe who actually feel europeans . 
  but still , you have way too much history and culture in common with the rest of europe to not be european . 
   ( i 've never been able to fully patch up the wounds from our breakup ), 
  go away . 
  in french administrative law ( that is , the part of the law that says what the state is and is n't allowed to do ) , a very important notion is the notion of public order . 
  basically , you can do anything as long as it does n't disrupt public order . 
  and if they think the protest may disrupt public order ( and this one very certainly could have ) it is perfectly legal to ban it . 
  it 's a bit weird because `` public order '' is a very broad notion , and you could think that it would allow to forbid pretty much anything , but fortunaly there are some pretty strong counter-powers who prevent this from happening ( usually ) . 
  hmm ... why would n't it work ? 
  ( i have n't mine yet , but the university is supposed to take care of it ), 
  edit : but mine is n't a 36 months visa , it 's just for 6 months . 
   maybe remind them that if it was n't for us they 'd all be speaking german . 
  yeah , do that if you want to be treated like a tourist asshole . 
  an awesome contemporary french author is laurent gaud\u00e9 . 
  only one of his book has been translated in english ( '' [ the death of king tsongor ] ( http://www.amazon.com/from-death-tsongor-laurent-gaude/dp/1592640303 ) '' ) , but it 's a fantastic story , so you can just go for it . 
  glad to know this subreddit is going to be even more awesome than it already is . 
  i have n't been very present lately ( i 'm studying abroad currently , way too much things to think about to actually write ) , but i keep cheking this place every once in a while . 
  in france at least , statistics shows that students who have to work in order to pay for their studies are much more likely to fail said-studies than those who do n't . 
  the book left me fucking thunderstruck . 
  seriously . 
  it probably wo n't be as powerful if you 've seen the movie ( and therefore know what 's going to happen ) , but i would still read it . 
  short , but very strong read . 
  it 's never going to make fireballs as big as the ones with the bubbles though . 
  a nice library 5 minutes from where i lived , and with no wifi . 
  have you seen generation kill ? 
  not at all actually , it just reminded me of a funny part where they make fun of starbucks ( and yes , people writing a novel in it is mentionned ) . 
  yep , that 's natural . 
  i do n't think there are mu ... many people who can maintain the same level of productivity no matter where they are . 
  my bad ( but i do have the english-isn ` t-my-native-language protection shield ), 
  5 books should only be able to make you self-sufficient for one year ? 
  i 'm not sure i get it : are you planning on writing 5 books in a year ? 
  i disagree , because the title clearly implies that it 's just one shot . 
  op wanted us to believe it was a single shot , which is dishonest ( `` a night shot ( ... ) with the starfield behind '' ) . 
  so , it is a bit of a dick move . 
  you know , thanks to your post , i finally found a good introduction to my novel . 
  i knew the one i had written was bad and i knew i would have to change it eventually , but i did n't know how . 
  reading these famous introductions made me realize what i had to do . 
  so , thanks for that . 
  that 's awesome . 
  before your explanation , i really thought it would some sort of propaganda photo . 
  that 's too bad . 
  downton abbey is fucking awesome ( granted , i probably wo n't say this in front of my guy friends . 
  but it is ), 
  and i care because ... ? 
  your penis did n't fall off because of michelle dockery . 
  probably the second or third time in my life that i read an entier short story on a computer screen . 
  that was good . 
  op did n't ask for food that will make him die . 
  and if you can , properly homemade foie gras . 
  oh my god i 'm hungry . 
  even if i hated my whole family ( which is not the case ) , i would still go to family meetings just to fill my stomatch with my grandfather 's foie gras .
