  i see it 's already been mentionned by / u/ab1125 and it 's mentionned so often without any real sources , so i feel the need to ask : how valid is the general assumption that the red army basically only threw soldiers at the germans knowing that they had millions of them to sacrifice ? 
  i guess this question can be broke down into several other questions :, 
  1 ) if it 's true and given the state of the ussr in 1941 , did stalin and it 's central staff had a choice ? 
  was this sacrifice of soldiers bad strategical choices , or just last resort in front of a near-desperate situation ? 
  2 ) what role played german military after the war into spreading this idea of the barbarian soviet soldiers that only won because of their sheer numbers ? 
  what was the base of truth , if there was any ? 
  how wrong were they , if they were ? 
  3 ) did the red army had good commanding officers ? 
  did the soviets showed good understanding of the tactics and strategies ? 
  did they do more than just throw soldiers at the germans ? 
  of course , now . 
  but at their creation , they were . 
  as of today , the number of countries and the fact that decisions must be agreed by all the countries means that even smaller countries have some power ( of course , i 'm not going to tell you that germany and latvia have the same power in the eu , that completely false . ), 
  that was a fascinating answer , thank you very much . 
  did n't that book take a lot of critisicsms from historians ? 
  alright , thanks for the explanation . 
  that 's completely stupid . 
  of course , you 're right . 
  but there are some works ( maybe not this one ) that are being entirely rejected by historians and not just criticized . 
  for example , i saw in this topic someone mentionning `` icebreak '' , a book that is widely recognized as being mostly bullshit . 
  and at that point , i do n't think they can be considered interesting . 
  i 'm afraid the most likely explanation is `` because it 's a fake shot '' . 
  it 's sad that people who are trying to give another point of view on russia can never do it without going `` west are hypocritical bastards look at that and that '' every two sentences . 
  keep in mind that e-readers in general and the kindle in particulars have much longer battery life than tablets . 
  if you 're likely to travel in a place where you wo n't have a plug for a while , it can be a big advantage . 
  good attitude , right there . 
  but i think that contrary to most people who post here , you are , well , confident . 
  i think he wanted to answer before the `` the wermacht did nothing wrong , only the ss did '' circlejerk start again . 
   they did so , but all armies do so, 
  wow , the idea that the red army 's war crimes were like `` any other army '' . 
  we actually have bad history that is being upvoted on this subreddit . 
  i feel sad . 
  so , you 're saying that the red army 's war crimes in germany were n't worse than , for examples , the american army in france , italy and germany ? 
  to simplify , let 's stick to the rape crime . 
  ( just for the record , a war crime being prosecuted does n't mean it 's not a war crime anymore ), 
  and i do n't have my biography of jukov right next to me , but if i remember well , the total numbers of soldier prosecuted was very low , and most were condemened to very short sentence , usually about a year of gulag or a fine . 
  and you do n't think that another reason for the high number of rape ( even in proportions ) was the extreme violence shown by the germans on the eastern front and the soviet propaganda always calling for revenge that would have lead to a. . . well , to a strong desire of revenge against the people responsible for those atrocities ( that is , the german population as a whole , not only the germans soldiers ) . 
  yes , i agree the americans were in a much different ( and much easier ) situation . 
  however , my point was n't to try and find who was the worst , and what are their excuses and so on . 
  my point was that , the red army 's war crimes in germany were n't just like `` any other armies '' , which basically means that it 's normal ( as in , in the norm ) . 
  not , not every invading army did that , even if what the ussr went through in the ww2 had nothing to do with what the americans went through . 
  but explaining is not justifying . 
  and no , i was n't saying that `` the soviet government could have foresaw that situation and averted it ( making the predicament a war crime . ) '' . 
  that 's not what makes it a war crime . 
  commiting mass rapes makes it a war crimes , nothing else . 
  just like americans bombing civilian cities without any military crimes can ( and should ) be considered a war crime . 
  as for the effect of propaganda ... yes , it 's a difficult topic , and there is no way to prove that it had effect or not . 
  my opinion would be that this propaganda ... how to say ... helped the soviet soldiers think that it was okay , that there were allowed to . 
  combined with the complete lack of discipline that followed the entry into german territories ( after reforming until becoming the amazing war machine of 1944 , the red army basically came back to the level of discipline of 1941 , that is , very low ) , it explains those rapes . 
  yes , i would agree with that . 
  ( though , again , the soviet army in 1944 had nothing to be ashamed of ), 
  manuel valls is a just moron , and certainly does n't get anything done ( apart from preparing his own presidential campaign , of course ) . 
  here 's [ ari vatanen kicking ass at pikes peak ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjshlugrls4 ) . 
  hi there ,, 
  i would be interested to know more about russia 's colonization of the far east , including but not limited to siberia . 
  could you recommend me good books on that topic ? 
  frankly , i think that recently , the circlejerk has reversed itself . 
  there 's been a til mentionning that `` france has the best military record of all time '' and each time someone makes a joke about french surrendering , there will be someone to answer with the wikipedia link and add `` ignorant scum france is amazing go pve noob '' . 
  and it 's still bad history . 
  i mean , the idea of a `` military record '' over a period of thousands of years ( including societies that can barely be considered `` french '' ) seems completely stupid to me . 
  i think it depends of the size of the country . 
  scratching the whole belgium or austria if you just been to one city seems fine . 
  but scratching the whole usa , australia or russia if you 've only been to new-york , melbourne and moscow ? 
  that seems a bit exagereted . 
  well , it 's not a very major topic anyway . 
  with my very small experience ( 6 months in petersburg ) , i would tend to agree . 
  most of the time , asking '' \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430 ? '', 
  was answered with '' \u043d\u043e\u0440\u043c\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e '' , not some 40 minutes speech about how life is terrible and we 're all gon na die . 
  if you 've ever travelled outside of rich western countries , it 's no worse . 
  how could one of the country `` win '' the reset ? 
  which is one of the shittiest russian propaganda website . 
  do n't worry . 
  my best is about 600 words in an hour , but that can get to 300 if i struggle . 
  2 000 words seems ridiculously high to me , i 'm not even sure i could type that fast ( okay , i probably could , but still . ), 
  they do n't . 
  i can tell you , i could n't buy bf4 ( not enough money ) and so i 'm still trying to play the 3 , but there is n't more than a dozen server with a good ping at any given time right now . 
  you do know that writing a book requires work , right ? 
  right back at you !, 
  the concept of a `` veteran mre consumer '' is as funny as it is ridiculous . 
  not only was this extremly interesting , it pushed me to get lost into tvtropes once again . 
  damn it . 
  there are cultures where people actually appreciate childish prank upon meeting someone for the first time ? 
  that 's as cool as it is cute , 
  if you 're a french speaking learner , here 's my course :, 
  and another shorter one that i made , but with english translations :, 
  i strongly disagree with the fact that the last line should be anything . 
  the last chapter yes , but the last line isnt so important . 
  and it 's wrong to compare it with the first line , because the first line is important because it has to hook the reader . 
  by the time you arrive at the last line , it doesnt matter anymore : if the reader hated or loved the book , the last line cant do anything to change that . 
  i do n't know about poetry during fights , but it 's true that russians quote poetry all the time and know a shitload of poems . 
  just for the record : do you speak russian ? 
  because babushkas in russia tend to be extremly ... well , caring , in a tough way . 
  i 've had a babushka telling me that really , i should wear shoes inside , because the floor is cold and i 'll get cold . 
  i 've also seen a babushka telling a female friend of mine that she sould n't go out , because her hair were still wet ( she had gone out of the shower not long ago ) , and the cold would freezer her hair and blabla . 
  anyway , what i mean is that maybe the babushka was simply telling you to stop being an idiot and to wear something hotter or you were going to die . 
  ( side note : in the russian public transport , always check that there is not an old person standing up while you 're seated . 
  you 'll make the mistake once , but not twice ), 
  the 6 inhabited communes were villages which were totally destroyed during wwi . 
  they were declared `` communes which died for france '' . 
  they still have a mayor for commemorations purposes .
