  interesting theory , except for the prestige part . 
  because , you know , the prestige is an adaptation of a book . 
  it 's not really nolan 's story , so saying he based his entire way of making the 3 films after the prestige seems a bit exagerated to me . 
  i get spot bonus all the time like that . 
  it definitely helps the guys on the ground . 
  a few months now , but i 'm also a student so it 's not like i 'm working on it every day . 
  i just need to plan every chapter before i start writing ( being a murder mystery in which the reader has the same elements as the policeman , i ca n't just start writing and look where it gets me ), 
  and yes , a very classical murder mystery with a victim , a hanfdul of suspects and a policeman . 
  the set is n't original at all , but i really like the story i managed to imagine . 
  so , by `` if you 're good '' , you mean `` if you got connections '' . 
  my english is n't perfect , by `` flashing '' you mean the dude opened his suit to show you he was carrying a gun , or did he actually pulled the gun out and pointed it at you ? 
  [ we 're done here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uznbgwcx1we&amp;fb_source=message ) . 
  hitler used the kriegsmarine a lot , until the french/polish/british managed to crack the enigma code the german submarines were doing huge damages . 
  as for the helicopter ... maybe they had a design , but that does n't mean it 's going to work , and even if it 's going to work it certainly would n't have change the course of the war . 
  he 's a baby . 
  no we do n't !, 
  really funny but not trying too hard . 
  awesome video . 
  only 4 years ago ( i 'm 20 now ) , i read the two tomes of war and peace in two weeks . 
  recently , it took me 3 months to read the brothers karamazov . 
  hint : it 's because eragon is a shitty book . 
  well , i 'd say `` because it 's a piece of crap '' but hey , if you take pleasure in reading it , go for it . 
  hmm , good question . 
  it actually remember quite a lot of things but it 's like i remember a lot of separates events . 
  if you asked me now to `` tell me the story of war and peace '' , well ... 
  i do n't think i could answer . 
  but i do n't think i remember less things when i read `` full-blast '' , it 's just that war and peace is such a dense book , with a lot of story lines and a lot of characters . 
  ah ah , i 'll said that if i want to get laid using this book . 
  but more reallistically , there are about 20 `` main '' characters , which is quite enough . 
  so , if i drink any of those while writing , it 'll automaticaly be a best-seller , right ? 
  do you think it is worth writing anything other than erotic fiction or shitty fantasy in order to make money ? 
  dude , writing books has nothing to do with books . 
  in fact , you will probably be a much better writer if you 've never read a book . 
  because no one likes books , so your target audience will be huge !, 
  it is something usual in the usa ? 
  i find this so ... 
  i do n't know the word ( english is n't my native language ) , but seriously you think it 's a good think to score the friendliness of people in the workplace and show it publicily ? 
  the whole idea seems completely insane to me , and potentially very dangerous . 
  edit : oh wait , you mean it 's the customers who evaluate you ? 
  okay it 's not that bad then , tough it 's still weird to show it publicily . 
  the cover looks very professional , well done . 
  but i feel obliged to say that , as a french , `` jean-michel pinot '' really sounds like a made-up name . 
  ( but no , it 's not very important ), 
  holy shit , for how long are you staying ? 
  mimizan is my home town , and the place where i 've been surfing the most . 
  i 'm not there right now ( because i 'm still studying in toulouse ) , but if you still there in two weeks , it would be fun to surf with a redditor . 
  i did n't want to upset you , sorry if i did . 
  but i never said it did n't exist ( we are 68 millions , of course it exists ) , i said it sounded made-up . 
  some french people say `` sacrebleu '' , but if you put a french dude saying sacrebleu in your novel/movie/whatever , it 's still going to sound ridiculous ( and like you 're trying to make the guy sounds french ) . 
  it also depends of the genre . 
  a detective story should have a very solid outline before you start writing for example , but others genre allows more liberty . 
  yeah , i am a bit sckepical about the `` secret '' part as well . 
  but would a huge company like billabong * lie about this * just to make the video look cooler ? 
  oh well , i guess they totally would . 
  why reread it ? 
  you 'll lose all the magic of the book . 
  just self-publish it already !, 
  ah ah , i did this so many times . 
  once i nearly knocked out a poor girl like that . 
  no it 's not , you 're just a very arrogant person . 
  same here . 
  apparently he did n't like the first reactions . 
  if i 'm right , in france there 's only one kind of beer at macdonald 's , and it 's a really shitty one . 
  every time i saw someone drinking a beer at macdonald 's , it was a desesperate father who had obviously been forced to go with his kids . 
  apparently there has been some insane action [ at this very place a few days ago ] ( http://surf.transworld.net/1000144167/news/last-minute-xxl-entry-from-ireland/ ) . 
  really ? 
  it 's quite interesting that it 's not well known outside of france , because in france every student will hear about this a thousand times during his school years . 
  just as curiosity , is [ this kind of events ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oradour-sur-glane ) also mostly ignored ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
   saying it 's strange for them to have a bomb with that name is like saying that it would be weird for an american company to call itself `` burger king '' because the us fought a revolutionary war against the british crown . 
  yeah , but i assume soviet propaganda chose their words very carefully . 
  hmm probably , only i 'm talking about the soviet union here . 
  anyway i have my answer , thanks . 
  `` only fired once '' ; `` never used in a war '' ; `` mostly of symbolic impact '' ... damn , exactly like the tsar bomba !, 
  funny , as a french i always thought of french/british relations as one of rivalry more than actual hatred . 
  and i like americans . 
  by the way : if your only experience of france and french people is paris , well ... it 's pretty much like you 've never been to france and you 've never met french people . 
  also , i got a question for americans out there : i agree that it 's not a great attitude to not try to speak english when people do n't speak french ( and also pretty stupid when you 're owning a shop or a restaurant ) , but ... what would you think if you were in a reversed situation ? 
  you know , if a french came into you american shop without being able to speak a godamn word of english . 
  would you think that you should speak french to help them , or that they have to adapt ? 
  did n't do well in world war 1 ? 
  have you ever opened a history book ? 
  i find it really weird to judge an entire people ( seriously , 65 millions people of really different backgrounds and religions ) . 
  weird also because this judgement is mostly done after a two weeks holiday in the tourists places of paris . 
  too bad tanks like that are completely useless in today 's wars ( and i 'm fench ) . 
  i 'm not sure the abrahams are actually useful in afghanistan or were in irak ( after the initial invasion , of course ) . 
  well actually , he was . 
  he was born in corsica one year after the republic of genoa sold the island to the french . 
  so yeah , by all means he was french . 
  ( and even if he was n't born in france ... you 're french as long as you got the french nationality , does n't matter where you were born or where you lived the years before ), 
  on one hand , the rafale is indeed one of the best jet in the world . 
  maybe the best as an omnirole jet . 
  on the other hand , our only plane carrier is immobilized for repairs really , really , really often . 
  yeah , what you 're doing looks like a great way to take the guilt off without actually doing anything . 
  i 'm sure they do . 
  i was more talking about the issue of using heavy tanks in asymetrical wars , where firepower is n't the real issue . 
  wow . 
  so you think that some people are more american/french than others ? 
  and how do you define that ? 
  do you know that , at napoleon 's time , most people in france did n't speak french but locals languages ?
