  and yes , if you look at the statistics , a big part of the new recrut are french ( swiss , or belgium or canadian usually means they are actually french ) . 
  second , i 'd say that even if the ffl may have a bit more experience in desert warfare ( because of their tradition and the fact that they a regiment permanently based in djibouti ) , the whole french army is pretty used to operations in african countries and desertic areas . 
  stefan zweig - [ the royal game ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_royal_game ), 
  interesting quote . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  he was detained by the americans during 15 years ? 
  unless you give some serious proof ( and then it could be very interesting ) , i also call bullshit . 
  yeah , i find it hilarious that people manage to think themselves superior because of the kind of transmission they have . 
  or people stating manual is much more awesome when all they use their car for is going to work and doing the groceries . 
  `` you 're not driving unless you 're in a manual '' . 
  yeah dude , you 're a fucking pilot , and i 'm sure your car has absolutely no electronics and that you 're doing everything by yourself . 
  automatic is more comfortable , manual can be more fun . 
  the end . 
  especially when you are driving behind a freaking huge truck . 
  not mentionning the over-over-over-over used reference to hemingway . 
  seriously . 
  stop with that guy . 
  he 's great but , stop . 
  been to sweden a few times , lots and lots of ugly girls there . 
  but i ca n't blame you for maintaining the legend . 
  ( russia , on the other hand ... ), 
  it 's also important to aknowledge that the `` german-army-was-clean-only-the-ss-did-bad-things '' is a myth supported by the german generals who wrote their memories after the war . 
  the wermacht , especially on the eastern front , did horrible things . 
  indeed . 
  and most soldiers who were implicated in those massacres were probably not nazis either , but ... they still did it . 
  whatever the reason . 
  yes , and ? 
  both sides commit atrocities , so it becomes ok ? 
  we should n't talk about it because hey , everybody does it ? 
  that 's a dumb argument . 
  you do n't get my point : how does the fact that other countries committed war crimes excuse germany from doing so ? 
  this is a thread of comments about the photo of a german soldier . 
  we are talking about the german military here . 
  or each time you mention someone 's war crimes , you have to add `` but let 's not forget that there were not the only one ! '', 
  that 's dumb : i know there were not the only one . 
  but they were among them . 
  ( and , really ? 
  the ussr 's war crimes are n't known ? ), 
  do you study at the philology faculaty , on vassilievski ? 
  people will automatically know he 's american anyway . 
  on the other hand , the rare sunny days are so beautiful . 
  - place st pierre ( obvious choice , several bars , get crowded very quickly , the atmosphere is not so great to be honest but if you do n't know what to do , you 'll be sure to find people there ), 
  - georges and dragons ( english pub , but very close to the university toulouse 1 capitole - right in the center - , so the population is mostly french and student ), 
  - caf\u00e9 pop ' ( in the center , often crowded but usually a great atmosphere and cheap drinks ), 
  yes , i meant from the moment you start talking . 
  you can actually , just not from blood crimes . 
  on the other hand , so much people are trying to get in the ffl , they do n't need to recrut sociopaths and murderers when they can easily find much more stable people . 
  yep , until march . 
  group 6 . 
  i 'm a beginner , i 've been in piter since september , but i study russian language only since january ( before i had courses in english at the school of international relations , and had no russian language courses ) . 
  what about you ? 
  one century . 
  it 's nothing . 
  interestingly , though leningrad changed name back to petersburg with the end of the ussr , the name of the region did n't change and is still called today `` leningrad oblast '' . 
  while this is very true , given the data we have , i think we can safely say russia is more corrupt than most western countries . 
  i do n't know about the us , i 'm french . 
  however , i 'm currently studying in saint-petersburg and , well ... yesterday night , 3 cops tried to `` arrest '' me in order to get some money . 
  i love russia , but that would never happen in my country . 
  even if it exists , i seriously doubt corruption in the usa is as widespread and as implemented in the every day life of its citizen as in russia . 
  alright , if you argue that corruption does n't exist in russia , i think we can just stop talking because it 's not going to get anywhere . 
  it seems like it was the 2 rep ( second foreign airborne regiment ) of the foreign legion that was dropped north of timbuktu in order to `` prevent exfiltrations '' . 
  for the record : you crying about downvotes just makes me want to downvote you even more . 
  ( i nevertheless upvoted you . 
  but still ), 
  teahupoo is insanely violent and powerful , but in terms of sheer size it 's definitely not the biggest . 
  it 's however as ( if not even more ) dangerous than bigger waves . 
  on the other hand , ukrain history is intimely linked with russian history ( one might argue that kiev is the birthplace of russia ) . 
  yeah , no . 
  from my experience , and hearing the experience of other french people and other foreign people in france , it goes more like this :, 
  we do n't like people , especially english speaking people , who starts speaking english from the start as if it was obvious ( and even if it should be obvious in very touristic areas like paris ) . 
  so here 's what you do : start saying the very little french you know , then apologize in english for not speaking french and ask the personn if he/she speaks english . 
  miracle , people will be much nicer to you !, 
  dumb question : in what country do you live in ? 
  so , this is happening in the us ? 
  do you speak russian ? 
  if not , sorry but you will have to stick to touristy things . 
  which does n't mean you ca n't have a great time , by the way . 
  yes it does . 
  but still , i always take coke . 
  i did n't manage to enjoy it , but i thought it was a really interesting book at the same time . 
  weird . 
  where they hunt bulls through the streets ? 
  dude , i think you have some misconceptions about that part of the world . 
  could you point me the part where they `` hunt '' the bulls ? 
  never heard of a french top gear . 
  link ? 
  maybe he 's talking about the horrible dubbed version that you can watch on the french discovery channel . 
  in fact , the lrdg was nicknamed the `` lybian desert taxi service '' by the sas , because the former was often tasked with transporting the latter to their areas of operation . 
  i 'm studying russian with the final objective of being able to read russian literature in it 's original language . 
  i 'm still very far from being able to , though . 
  for now , i read french translations - which , in my opinion , is better than english translations - but of course , still far from the original . 
  and thanks for the tip , i 'll definitely use it !, 
  ( i was also recommended anton chekhov 's stories . 
  fortunaly , russian literature consists not only of the huge and difficult works of tolstoy and dostoeivsky ), 
  to be honest , learning russian entirely by one self seems pretty much impossible . 
  the grammar is very complicated , and you will need explanations from a real speaker at one point or another . 
  you can certainly begin by yourself . 
  that 's what i did . 
  it can at least help you see the language actually interests you . 
  but learning the whole language by yourself ... let 's say you would need a motivation and a self-discipline that i do n't have .
