  i find it interesting that when you read a murder mystery , especially the classic `` whodunit '' , you 're not really playing the characters ( to discover who the murderer is ) as much as you 're playing the author . 
  this article illustrates it perfectly : an experienced mystery reader is not going to try to get the facts , or try to see which character is the most suspicious , but more to guess what the author 's thought process was in order to understand who is going to be the killer . 
  which is why i love agatha christie : she knew this , she knew how a typical mystery reader thinks , and she used it to surprise its reader even more . 
  one of the best example is her first book , where [ the most suscipicious guy turns out to actually be the killer , because christie knew that the reader would disregard him : he 's too suscpiscious , therefore he 's innocent . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  care to explain what the drama is all about ? 
  oh , i like that one . 
  i guess because i know that i 'm close from finishing my first draft , but still veeerrry far from finishing my book . 
  ah ah , yes . 
  same here . 
  das boot is the best war movie i 've ever seen . 
  `` a good estonian character should hate the russians '' . 
  close enough ? 
  ( i had a estonian roomate while i was in russia . 
  very cool guy . 
  it 's the only experience with estonia i 've had , but a good one . 
  and we 're really proud to have you guys in the eu ! ), 
  hey mate , thanks for the post !, 
  do you think i could remember your username and ask you about that in a private message , later ? 
  i do n't need your expertise right now , but i very well might in the near future . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  ps : as a person who just spent 6 months in piter and as a learner of the russian language : your country is amazing . 
  i have been flying with aeroflot when going to stalingrad , i had absolutely no problem . 
  and the way back was during a snowstorm ( and yes , i was scared . 
  but everything went fine ) . 
  it 's very common in several countries . 
  i 'd be interested in having more context about this photo . 
  i went during the commemorations of the battle of stalingrad . 
  during that time , the city is called stalingrad and not volgograd ( its usual name ) . 
  what 's . su ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  ah ah , really ? 
  interesting indeed . 
  yes , stalingrad . 
  see my next comment . 
  that seems highly uncomfortable ... 
  they definitely are in france . 
  i do n't know in other countries . 
  yep , i agree . 
  and did n't like the book that much ( thought it was decent , but not great ) , but that story is definitely a great one . 
  `` you are a flat out idiot . '', 
  that was also my reaction ( well , what i thought was '' ` moron '' , but the idea is the same ) . 
  if you plan on doing more than `` going in , plant a small flag to prove that i was there , and then going out '' ( 1 ) , if you plan on actually spending some time ( even just a few days ) , and if you do n't have anyone inside that could protect and shelter you , or some kind of ultra-strong diplomatic immunity ( which probably does n't exist when it comes to north korea ) , then you will be caught , and you will spend several months/years in a north korean jail . 
  oh , and being an american prisoner in today 's political context ( 2 ) ... well , have fun . 
  ( 1 ) which would also be completely stupid , but at least you 'd have a better chance of not being caught . 
  ( 2 ) a context that implies even more paranoia from the current regime , and therefore an even greater chance of getting caught . 
  yep , i 'd agree with that . 
  details should be there only when it help the story . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chekhov's_gun ( it 's meant for plays , but the idea can be applied to novels as well ), 
  i read a lot , and i actually liked this advice . 
  there is so much things to read that i do n't think enough of reading again books i enjoyed before . 
  so yeah , good advice . 
  i 'm not an expert in the history of russia in any way , but i 've been six months in russia ( saint-petersburg ) until this march , so i can answer your second question : gorbachev is absolutely hated in modern russia . 
  he 's `` lost the empire '' and very few russians can forgive him for that . 
  the feelings may be a bit less strong among the youth , but even young people do n't like him . 
  thanks for the posters - they 're amazing - , and the analysis . 
  very interesting . 
  they do n't like him either , but at least he did n't lost the ussr . 
  so yes they hate him as well , but not as much as gorbachev . 
  big congrats !, 
  i admit your book did n't raise my interest , but i 'm always very impressed by anyone who manage to finish a book . 
  so again , congratulations . 
  riiiigghhttt , everyone else is simply admiring the quality of the cosplay . 
  seriously , i was expecting at least a few comments mentionning how pathetic this is , but no . 
  i guess this tells a lot regarding the quality of this subreddit . 
  i would add that vassily grossman 's masterpiece is `` life and fate '' . 
  i have n't read it yet , but it 's apparently absolulety great . 
  no meat in a borsch ?? 
  what madness is this ? 
  can you elaborate on the `` pleasure '' part ? 
  why is it a pleasure to read on its own , and why the others are n't ? 
  wow , that 's really interesting actually . 
  i would enjoy taking a look at that . 
  morale of this discussion : i need to do more book sales . 
  you could also mention the fact that , during the years of mubarak , the muslim brotherhood was pretty much the only one to provide social care to the poor , which completely paid off later . 
  it 's too easy to blame it on the stupid uneducated people without trying to understand the real causes . 
  when the hell did i say that ? 
  the muslim brotherhood is a dangerous religious group that will bring nothing good to egypt . 
  i 'm simply trying to show that the current situation has other explanations beyond the `` poor people are stupid '' one . 
  a joke is always funnier when someone does n't get it . 
  just as curiosity , how tall would you have been without this therapy ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 8 '' , never even thought about doing a therapy for that . 
  edit : shit , did n't see you had already answered that . 
  my bad . 
  really ? 
  6 ' 8 , i do n't fall that much.nearly never , actually . 
  i hit doorways a lot , however . 
  frankly , the only thing i hate about being that tall is people asking me about it . 
  except for that , no problem . 
  6 ' 8 guy here . 
  * duck your head : mostly true . 
  * custom shower heads : nope ( when in travel , i may need to duck however ) . 
  * larger cars : it 's not true , and i 'm french , so it 's certainly not true in the states where your cars are on average twice as big as here . 
  being that tall is not an handicap . 
  it can be annoying sometimes , but calling it an handicap is being a whiny bitch . 
  edit : thinking about it ... 
  i 'm tall , but quite skinny as well . 
  i guess it can be a bit more problematic if you are tall and normally shaped , or even a bit fat . 
  unfortunaly , our birth rate is such that you wo n't get rid of us before a long time .
