  delicately placed on a nice , warm toast ... 
  i 'm not in the publishing industry , so what i 'm saying probably is n't very relevant . 
  thus being said , i do n't see how saying that you 're not a native speaker can help ( expect if it 's directly related to your story ) . 
  i can however think of a few ways in how it could hurt you . 
  so yeah , i do n't think it was a good idea . 
  every argument about the fake moon landing has been debunked a thousand times . 
  is it mentionned in the article that the authors maintains their ebooks right ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  in theory , you 're perfectly right . 
  but i have a counter-example : hitman ( blood money is the one i 'm talking about ) is an awesome stealth game that is never so awsome than when you managed to kill nobody but the target . 
  on the other hand , it 's perfectly possible to murder pretty much everyone on the map . 
  i did it a few times , when i could n't beat a level . 
  it 's was just a way of going to the next level , but i knew it was n't the way meant to be played . 
  i recommend you '' [ the death of king tsongor ] ( http://www.amazon.com/from-death-tsongor-laurent-gaude/dp/1592640303 ) '' by laurent gaud\u00e9 . 
  fantastic french author , this is his only book translated in english but fortunaly , it 's also one of his best . 
  a beautiful story , incredibly well-written , with a tone that i could n't find in any other modern book . 
  really , it 's a must read . 
  edit : here 's the [ goodread page ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1352886.the_death_of_the_ancient_king ) , if it can convince you further . 
  ( i 'm french ) . 
  i remember watching on the tv an italian politican making a speech . 
  as he was a politician , he was speaking quite slowly and distinctly and i actually could understand what he was saying , even tough i 've never done any italian in my whole life . 
  also , i 'll probably be able to understand what an italian text is talking about . 
  ( to give both sides of the story though , i was at a party yesterday with a few italian girls , and when they were talking to each other i did n't have a single clue of what they were saying ), 
  thanks for sharing , this is very , very interesting . 
  `` nothing more than historical fiction of napoleon 's invasion of russia '' ? 
  i 'm not sure we read the same book . 
  it 's so much more than that . 
  should i read this ? 
  -  go on the internet , see what the book is about . 
  does it interest you ? 
  no --  do n't read it . 
  yes --  read it . 
  [ / thread ], 
  agatha christie and john le carr\u00e9 are my two favorite authors from this list . 
  if you have n't read the murder of roger ackyrod ... go for it , now . 
  it 's even dumber in the case of internet , because we do n't know the personn . 
  i mean , if my friend ask me advices about a book , i can tell him `` yeah , you 'll probably like that / no , i do n't think this is for you '' because i know him , i know his character and tastes . 
  here , we do n't know anything . 
  so just pick up the damn book and read it, 
  i think this is really important , the fact that it 's not only about being guilty or innocent , but way more than that . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wxki4t7nuc ) . 
  just write a few short stories in my notebook would be nice . 
  easy , soft . 
  that 's actually why i never understood why most redditors would defend kim dotcom and megaupload . 
  that guy was n't just putting movies or games on the internet for free ( like piratebay would ) , he was making a shitload a money by selling pirated stuff . 
  i 'm ... not sure i understand how your example of the telecommunications is relevent to what i said . 
  i never said megaupload was responsible for pirating movies or music . 
  my point is , kim dotcom did n't give a fuck about culture , or sharing , or whatever . 
  he just found a nice way to make a ton of money . 
  making him look like a knight defending the values of the internet ( whatever that means ) is completely ridiculous . 
  woah , that 's quite brave of you to compare the rise of democracy ( which , i agree with you , is linked to a desire by the rising bourgeoisie to have at least as much power as the nobles ) with the activities of kim dotcom . 
  ( i understand what you mean , but i do n't agree . 
  and , well , i 'm too lazy to elaborate ), 
  that sort of makes sense when you attempt murder on someone . 
  i currently study at the school of international relations of the st petersburg state university , and all our lectures are in english . 
  hey , thanks for the tip , i love crime fictions and i 've never read italian crime fiction . 
  on my wish-list !, 
  type `` smolny convent '' in google . 
  yep , [ that 's where ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:smolny_convent.jpg ) i 'm studying , 
  i 'm guessing you do n't live and have never lived in france . 
  from the ten months i spent in australia , i can tell you there is a lot of racism there . 
  maybe not worse than some countries , but australia is definitely not the multiculturalist heaven people claim it is . 
  hey , great idea !, 
  i 'm currently reading ** oblomov ** , by * ivan goncharov * . 
  the story of a little russian aristocrat who 's too lazy to get out of his bed and deal with his problems . 
  the style is terrific and like in all russian literrature the characters are described in a fantastic way . 
  moroever , the premise of the book is still amazingly modern : one could easily write the same book in a contemporary setting . 
  very interesting book . 
  of course . 
  thus said , i was in a place half an hour away from melbourne , so it was n't exactly the most remote place filled with racist rednecks . 
  nope . 
  international relations , sociology and political science . 
  thanks , i was starting to be scared reading all those congratulations comments . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question . 
  - i 'm studying international relations , so i have no maths program at all . 
  - if you mean in general , i 'm not russian so i have no idea about the level of maths faculty in russia ( not that great would be my guess ) . 
  sorry if i mislead you . 
  when i arrived in st-petersburg two months ago , i was surprised to see how much people read in the subway . 
  ereaders are extremely common , and people read using their phones or tablets as well , waaaaay more than in my native country . 
  the explanation is right there . 
  to be fair , i thinks it 's more mob mentality + social pressure + alcohol + stupid people . 
  also the most hilarious . 
  i 'd say christopher priest 's `` the prestige '' . 
  it starts like classical literary fiction ( a rivalty between two magicians at the beginning of the xxth century ) when suddenly , science-fiction . 
  i live in the south , and i can confirm this . 
  south-west , that is . 
  you kiss girls on the cheeks . 
  you shake hands with guys . 
  as to when ... 
  i 'd say you kiss girls of the same `` rank '' , even if you do n't know them . 
  by that i mean someone who is roughly the same age , doing the same kind of study , is in the same circles as you are ... or someone you are familiar with . 
  do n't kiss your female boss . 
  well , do n't kiss in a work environnement , that would be easier . 
  you 're lucky , montpellier is a great city . 
  do n't hesitate to go to toulouse as well , it 's a fantastic place ( and where i 'm studying ) . 
  for racism , not if you look at the scores of the national front ... 
  ( granted , saying that voting for the fn means being racist is a bit of a simplification ), 
  i guess i was expecting something like that because i love christopher priest and i know he 's always playing with the reader , making him believe things that turns out to be completely false ... or are they ? 
  anyway , loved this book . 
  hmm , indeed .
