  but i do think that the west 's vision of the eastern conflict is extremly biased , or at least that the scale of violence and horror this war had makes it hard for people to comprehend , which makes them willing to accept the wrong and kind of insulting explanation of `` human waves of barbarian soviets jumping on the brave but outnumebered germans '' . 
  god i remember the first time i went to bells beach and saw winkipop . 
  it was huge , it seemed to break directly on some scary-looking rocks and it was really crowded . 
  it did n't go near it ( bells beach was fucking perfect anyway ) . 
  yeah , i 'm french , and you are very much exaggerating france 's relation to napoleon . 
  it 's much more complex than that , and there is defintely not an unconditionnal love for the guy . 
  quick example : we are in 2014 . 
  in the last few years there were tons of 200th anniversaries for things related to napoleon ( mainly battles , of course ) . 
  all those anniversaries were completely ignored in france . 
  nobody talked about it . 
  the 200th anniversary of the battle of austerlitz got maybe a few lines in the newspapers , but nothing more . 
  french do n't `` love '' napoleon . 
  they may think he was a military genius , they may even think he was a great leader , but the times when people loved napoleon is long passed , except maybe in some military circles . 
  and i 'm not talking about celebrating the empire every month . 
  those celebrations were the 200th years of all those events , that 's a unique and particulary powerful anniversary . 
  i was in russia at that time , and you ca n't imagine the shitload of celebrations they did to celebrate their victory over napoleon . 
  but in france , absolutely nothing . 
  this is as awesome as it is useless . 
  well done . 
  i do n't know about the usa , but in france we learned that the cold war started in 1947 with the creation of the containment strategy by truman , and just after that with the jdanov doctrin . 
  i think it also depends of the genre . 
  i wrote an anticipation story without an outline , and it went well ( i do n't know if it 's good , but i managed to write it without any problems ) . 
  on the other hand , i 'm currently working on the outline of my detective story , and i have no idea how i could write this without a very precise outline . 
  it could be that it 's much harder to sell a novella or a short story than a novel . 
  longer works tend to sell better . 
  it could be that it 's much harder to sell a novella or a short story than a novel . 
  longer works tend to sell better . 
  very cool of him to make the new version of his book free for everyone who bought the first one . 
  is it true that the justification for drawing people as leaders was because it was `` the choice of the gods '' ? 
  this . 
  avoid talking about politics and you 'll be fine . 
  interesting how the interview was almost not about ukraine and mostly about a fifth column and russia and how the `` real front '' is there and how putin must fight the liberals . 
  edit : version with english subs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0orcraasjgy, 
  seriously , do n't try to debate with a guy like that . 
  it 's useless . 
  french here . 
  can confirm . 
  disclaimer : i know nothing about cover design . 
  that being said , i think it really lacks contrast . 
  the title is barely visible , and it seems like the name of the author is hidden at the bottom of the cover . 
  the little white dots ( snow ? ), 
  make the overall cover even less ... clear , i guess ? 
  on the other hand , the main picture of the cover is very powerful . 
  with a bit of work , i 'm sure it could be something that stands out . 
  yes actually . 
  i discover that changing format and ways of looking at the text is a great way to do editing . 
  going from the computer to an ereader to a paper version , you see new mistakes every time . 
  scrivener is a novel-writing software which allows you to `` compile '' your story into a lot of different format . 
  you can for example compile it in epub , which allows you to then put it on your ereader , which is what op did . 
  for me ( i 'm french ) , a document from a normal lab was enough . 
  you seem to think that somehow , airports can shell towns . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  ( psst !, 
  this a patriotic trailer from a video game !, 
  everyone knows it 's not realistic !, 
  you 're making yourself look like a moron by doing a detailed deconstruction of a 3 minutes trailer from a video game ! ), 
  how can having only recon with good optics can be a bad thing ? 
  ( this is a real question , i 'm a beginner ), 
  wow , that was perfectly clear . 
  thanks !, 
  oh , right . 
  thanks for mentionning that . 
  an anonym source inside the french ministry of defense denies the information , saying `` this french exist , but he is not an ex-member of the dgse , he 's not even an ex-military . 
  according to our informations , he only did some physical training with some soldiers '', 
  `` we are in a new cold war '', 
  come on . 
  this is a conflict of influence , a purely and , when you think about it , fairly classical geopolitical conflict . 
  it 's not a cold war because russia is not a superpower , and because it 's not a war between two ideologies each trying to impose themselves . 
  talking about a new cold is just intellectually lazy , and especially disapointing coming from a guy like cohen . 
  `` it became a civil war between kiev and the south-east ukraine '', 
  i 'm amazed that he does n't even mention the annexion of crimea . 
  he just goes from `` coup in february '' to `` civil war in donbass '' without talking of the huge impact that had the annexion of crimea . 
  '' ... would lead to the intervention of russian military in the east '', 
  i mean , come on . 
  i follow lots of pro-putin and pro-novorossiya blogs and sites , and even them do n't deny anymore that the russian army is ( was ? 
  apprently they backed down a bit ) already active in eastern ukraine . 
  `` if russian feels the need to help the donbass militarily '', 
  really . 
  `` nato forces entering eastern ukraine '', 
  everyone knows the west is n't ready to actually help the ukrainian army directly . 
  poroshenko went to ask for actual help in washington , came back with blankets . 
  that 's precisely one of the problem , that russia cares much more about ukraine than the west does . 
  i 've been watching it for 5 minutes , talking of the sanctions , not a single word since the beginning about crimea . 
  amazing . 
  okay i 'm advancing , do n't have time to watch the whole thing . 
  talking about sanctions , nothing original there , yes sanctions do cut both ways indeed . 
  advancing a bit more . 
  `` why did the west exclude russia from negociations in november ( 2013 ) ? '', 
  hmm , i 'm not sure what he 's talking about . 
  were there negociations between the west and ukraine in november ? 
  because all i remember was the february agreement that russia refused to sign and then went on to call for it 's application when it was impossible to do so ( a major mistake of the ukrainian people in my opinion , but that 's another story ) . 
  `` the trade agreement was about nato expansion '', 
  right . 
  nato for ukraine had never been on the table before crimea got annexed and russian military started being active in eastern ukraine . 
  and even now , you can see that nato very much does n't want ukraine in the alliance , because that could force them into a war with russia that nobody wants . 
  using the fact that kiev now wants to join nato to justify russian intervention when it 's in fact russian intervention that created the desire for ukraine to join nato is ... `` mauvaise foi '' , we would say in france . 
  i do believe nato expansion in general was a mistake . 
  but it does n't work for ukraine . 
  talking about missile defense yeah , that was also pretty stupid . 
  americans sending tanks to baltics states ... yeah , that 's clearly aimed at russia .
