  i was looking for a present for my brother 's birthday , and was thinking of buying a lighter . 
  i was thinking of a zippo of course , but wanted something a bit more original . 
  well there i have it . 
  fucking perfect birthday present . 
  and seeing how cheap they are , i 'm gon na take two . 
  yeah , because a subreddit in which half of the topics is about stephen king obviously * hate * popular fiction . 
  yes , it is . 
  fantastic book , and great movie . 
  i agree with everything you said , and the movie was a very good surprise . 
  but i preferred the book because the plot was less clear . 
  seriously , i think it adds some mystery that you do n't find in the - still very good - movie . 
  this . 
  seriously , stop flattering yourselves guys , nobody is going to steal your story . 
  this is great . 
  we need this, 
  with a ten year warranty , i would expect them to be reliable , if not as reliable as a zippo . 
  and considering he 's probably going to lose it , cheap is n't a problem i think . 
  thanks for the tip , but i 'm france and last time i ordered something from deal extreme it took 6 months to arrive ( i 'm not kidding , six real months ) , which is n't great for a birthday . 
  i outline with paper , and i write with a computer . 
  i ca n't find the source , but i read an article in a scientific paper where scientists watched hundreds of dives from football players , and it turns out that complete simulations ( the player was n't touched at all ) are extremely rare . 
  they often exaggerate ( they really fell , but they 're going to roll ten times on the ground ) , but very rarely simulate . 
  by the way : when someones runs real fast ( like a football player ) , it does n't takes much to make him fall , you can lose balance really easily . 
  except for the `` cheapness '' though , would you say it 's a good lighter ? 
  which one was it ? 
  not my favorite from priest , but still a really good one in my opinion . 
  maybe they do . 
  s\u00e9bastien loeb is a race driver . 
  ken block is a stuntman . 
  same tool , different jobs . 
  is the video a rally stage ? 
  i did my 25 000 words , and i hope to get to 30 000 by next week . 
  do n't mistake me : i never liked ken block because he 's a fucking walking ad and because he ca n't drive for shit in the wrc , and because i really felt like dirt 2 was an insult to the name of mcrae . 
  also , i 'm a huge fan of loeb because he 's a fantastic driver , and because i 'm french . 
  i 'm just saying they are n't in the same category . 
  loeb could probably be better in gymkhana if he was doing gymkhana , but he 's not . 
  i did n't even know loeb was doing that kind of stuff though . 
  thanks for the video , i had a huge smile on my face the whole time i watched it . 
  he crushed the other drivers . 
  too bad shooting would be pretty much useless in a nuclear conflict . 
  i guess you know this from your experience in previous nuclear wars . 
  what he said was really stupid , but ... how many major battles did the french won ? 
  are you serious ? 
  hundreds , probably . 
  and the algerian war sure was embarassing . 
  i do n't see the point though . 
  `` that really embarrassed the military '' . 
  that 's a very weird way to look at historical events , but why not . 
  and of course france lost important battles and wars , who has n't ? 
  and i 'm not sure people `` tend to overlook their entire record '' . 
  most people on the internet seems to think france has always been a minor military power ( and i 'm not even talking about the france-never-won-any-wars bullshit ) , when the historical truth is that france has been the most powerful country in the world for centuries , and won more wars than the usa ever fought . 
  moreover , most people underestimate france current military . 
  not as powerful as the usa of course , not even close , but still a pretty decent one . 
  nice . 
  can we know more about what you 're writing ? 
  i 'm getting slower , damn . 
  2000 words this week ( with 1000 words today ... ) , which is n't exactly the 5000 i was hoping . 
  i did fix a few issue regarding my novel though , so it 's not too bad . 
  please do , it 's always interesting . 
  do n't be a dick , it 's not easy to live with 20 dollars for food each month . 
  maybe he could do better than noodles ( and saying that ramen noodles are delicious proves he has problems with food ) , but it 's still pretty hard to eat with so little money . 
  try [ / r/literature ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/literature/ ), 
  i do n't think you read much war novels then . 
  seriously the book is really average , it hurts me to say this but the tv series are so much better . 
  i hated the fact that ambrose is always talking about himself in the book , taking us to the times where he was interviewing the soldier and stuff like that . 
  it would really take me out of the story . 
  plus he 's not a great writer . 
  i can confirm it 's not him : you were n't funny at all . 
  fascism sounds * awesome *, 
  maybe there 's the fact that when i read it , i had already watched the tv series , so most of my enjoyment came from learning the things that are n't in the show . 
  ah ah , this is both sad and hilarious . 
  corruption , part of a culture ... seriously ? 
  and you 're seriously comparing giving tips with the situation in russia , which is , by the way , ranked 154 out of 178 in the corruption perception index ( the bigger the number , the more the country is corrupted ) . 
  very interesting to hear this anyway . 
  if the majority of russians think like that , it explains a lot of things ... 
  you do know that there is no `` french people '' ? 
  it 's a pure invention by the first kings of france who wanted to unite the country . 
  there are bretons , landais , alsaciens , savoyards , normands , b\u00e9arnais ... dozen of different people who were united in a single country . 
  that 's pretty much the whole point of france , so saying that napoleon was corsican and not french because corsican are ethnically italian ... well that 's stupid . 
  when napoleon was born , corsica was part of france 's territory ( for not long , true . 
  but it was ) . 
  therefore napoleon is french . 
  end of story . 
  edit : and even if i agree you could debate on wether carolingian france and gaul can be assimilated to modern france , saying that the first , second , third republic and first empire are all separate entities , as if they had nothing to do with each other ... well that 's either a troll or a very bad understanding of france 's history . 
  yes and no . 
  in 1789 , most people in france did n't speak a word of french . 
  there were dozen of regional languages , as there were dozen of people . 
  and corsica is n't the only territory that has been brought . 
  nice comes to my mind as well . 
  forcing people to learn french was actually one of the first thing the first republic did , because language is , after all , a good way to unite a country . 
  ( but i 'll agree that corsica is a bit of an exception , and still is today . 
  but napoleon was french , he was educated in a french environnement , fought with the french army before becoming a dictator ) . 
   the national mindsets of each of these ` forms ' of france were quite different , and that 's significant . 
  again , yes and no . 
  first republic , directoire , first empire , second republic , second empire , third republic ... all this happened in just a century . 
  it 's the result of * rapports de force '' ( sorry , i do n't know the english term ) that were in the french society for years . 
  and you can actually see a will from the republicans to progressively create a real french democracy . 
  it took about a hundred years , but the `` national mindset '' was similar for these people most of the time . 
  ( sorry if i 'm not clear , i 'm having a bit of a hard time expressing complex thoughts in english ), 
  now that 's what i call a creepy pm . 
  most of the time , it 's because your country disappeared or was created just before the olympics , and therefore the ceo did n't have time to create a new delegation .
