  but i do n't know ... let 's say i have a bad feeling about this ( about our hostages held by aqmi , maybe ) . 
  the situations in c\u00f4te d'ivoire and in mali are completely different , except for the involvement of french troops . 
  hard to compare . 
  that was true at the beginning , but verlan is way too widespread today for what you say to be true . 
  my point is that it will be replaced by a new type of argot . 
  i mean , you can hardly change verlan forever and even though i 've never heard `` feuk '' , if i had i would have understood it pretty quickly with the context . 
  the fantastic ( but not translated ) book '' [ la horde du contrevent ] ( http://edroxy.livejournal.com/38831.html ) '' came in its original edition with a soundtrack made specifically for the book . 
  verlan has existed for a very long time but in it 's current form , it 's actually fairly recent - my parents did n't know verlan when they were growing up , and even if it already existed when i was kid ( i 'm 21 now ) , it did just since a few years . 
  i think verlan can not evolve forever . 
  it 's `` you take a word , and you reverse the syllabs '' , it 's actually very hard to come with something entirely new ( we already have the double verlan with stuff like feum or beur , it 's hard to go further than that ) . 
  that 's why i think it will be replaced in the purpose of `` argot so that other people can not understand me '' and not simply evolve . 
  i may be wrong though , i 'm far from being a specialist in language ( the only skill i have here is that french is my native language ) . 
  also ... interesting remark . 
  i 'd add that verlan had earned a semi-permanent place in a very big part of french society , and not simply french hip-hop . 
  but it certainly came from the hip-hop scene , yes . 
  my hypothethis would be that if it was already very widespread in the french `` banlieues '' when it was picked up by rappers , who in turn spread it to the rest of the society . 
  thanks for the interesting discussion , sorry if i came out a bit rough at the beginning . 
  genuine question : is having snacks and drinks actually rare with american airlines ? 
  okay . 
  out of curiosity , do you read french ? 
  apparently , the commandos encountered much more resistance than expected . 
  looks like our intelligence agency seriously fucked up on that one : /, 
  france does n't have any armed drones , only recon drones . 
  it 's actually extremely hard even for heterosexual couples to adopt in france . 
  given that heterosexual couples would probably be favoured , even if the law is passed it will be pretty much impossible for gay couples to actually adopt kids . 
  no , the opposition is more on the principle of the thing . 
  * france, 
  europe 's not a country . 
  no it 's not . 
  for example , i 'm counted in those 51 % because i 'm baptised . 
  last time i went to a church ? 
  that was probably three years ago , and that was only on christmas to not piss off my grand-mother . 
  last time i believed in god ? 
  i do n't even remember . 
  those statistics do n't mean shit , most of the french population is actually muslim or without any religion . 
  edit : and , what the fuck ? 
  france has no state religion , where did you got that from ? 
  `` the republic neither recognizes , nor salaries , nor subsidizes any religion '' ( that 's from our constitution ) . 
  well , yeah , that 's my point . 
  ok , so we agree on the `` there 's actually not so much real catholics out there '' . 
  on the other hand , you seem to imply that being catholics automatically means being against gay marriage ( which is not true ) . 
  and well , i 'm sorry but saying that catholiscism is france 's state religion is ... well ... wrong , and kind of ignorant ( especially since you seems to know so much about statistics concerning religion in france ) . 
  not everyone blindly follows what the head of the religion is saying . 
  in that case , [ 40 % of catholics ] ( http://abonnes.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2013/01/09/qui-approuve-le-mariage-homosexuel_1814480_3224.html ) approve the law on the `` marriage for everyone '' , which is not the majority but is still quite a lot . 
  i 'm curious as to why you think that catholiscism is `` practically '' france 's state religion . 
  except for the fact that the state is taking care of churches as `` historical monuments '' , i ca n't think of a single argument that would help that argument . 
  the french state has actually been quite hostile to the catholic church during a good part of its republican history . 
  translation : there is a shitty seduction technique that consists to act as if you know the girl in question . 
  you simply met a horny asshole . 
   the people are the state, 
  hmm , no . 
  ( the parliament represents the people . 
  the state certainly does not ) . 
   the religion the people identify as is the state religion, 
  hmm , no . 
  you are simply trying to accomodate the definition of a state religion so that it can work in the case of france . 
  truth is , a state religion is a religion that is officially recognized by the state as the proeminent one , superior to the others . 
  this is not the case in france . 
   but this has widely divided the populous, 
  divided between the muslim population and the rest of the population , nobody actually cared about the catholic position on the matter . 
   the government is scared of catholicism because of it 's ability to unite large groups of people on matters in ways the government rarely can . 
  yeah , no . 
  this is the first time in years that the catholic religion actually manage to unite on an issue and on a wide scale . 
  the last time was for a law about private schools , and that was in 1984 . 
  yeah , 30 years ago . 
  moreover , you overestime the influence of the catholic church in today 's society . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't exist , but it 's veeeerrrry far from calling it a quasi-state religion . 
  you 're one century late . 
  finally :, 
  * the state and the catholic religion is separated , not only on paper but also in the reality of today 's france . 
  * most french are [ actually aware and supportive ] ( http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/societe/20080321.obs6111/laicite-71-de-francais-favorables-au-maintien-de-la-loi-de-1905.html ) of the concept of laicit\u00e9 and think the separation between the state and the church is a good thing . 
  this poll says that 92 % think the 1905 law is a good thing , with 71 % thinking it should not be modified and 21 % thinking some aspects should be reformed . 
  well , to be fair , i was n't able to accurately translate the beauty of `` gros bourrin qui a la dalle '' , but i tried to keep the global meaning . 
  it 's like you do n't feel like you 're pronuncing it , but if you do n't , it will clearly sound weird . 
  kind of like you never hear the bass line , but you have the impression that something is not right when it 's not there . 
  i 'm going to go with stalker highly modded in full russian . 
  ca n't wait to start . 
  if you liked sherlock holmes , i would recommend '' [ arsene lupin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ars%c3%a8ne_lupin ) '' by french author maurice leblanc . 
  a really great series , and it just went into the public domain this year ( well , the french version at least , i 'm not sure about the translations ) . 
  there is no way at that age ( 13 ) you can have the culture and the maturity to understand such a complex book like crime and punishement . 
  i read the book last year ( i 'm 21 ) , and i really loved it . 
  it 's a fantastic book . 
  but , to stay in the same `` area '' , i also read the brothers karamazov ( i read it first actually ) and i could n't enjoy it : i could see why it was such an acclaimed book but most of the themes of the book went right over my head and i really struggled to finish it . 
  it 's stupid in that case . 
  in general , france 's attitude toward its ex-colonies can , in my opinion be defined as `` neocolonialism '' , even if it 's today less the case compare to a few decades ago . 
  i 'd say you do n't really need to read them because , well , most of the book is `` footnotes '' . 
  you 'll understand when you read it . 
  i am fairly sure only french soldiers were involved in this operation . 
  you 're mistaken : france always negotiate over hostages . 
  if the special forces went in , it means that the negotiations were impossible or failed . 
  the dgse , french secret service , has a special `` secret '' fund to pay ransom for french hostages . 
  the french special forces are way tougher than the legion . 
  edit : thinking of it , that 's a stupid statement . 
  the special forces and the legion are completely different units , with completely different missions . 
  comparing them is pretty much useless . 
  the cia set up the [ wikileaks task force ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/22/cia-wikileaks-task-force-_n_800222.html ) ( wtf ) in order to find out where the leak came from . 
  oh my god . 
  i had completely forgot that feeling . 
  it 's been so long ... 
  for starters , all officers ( and nco 's i think , but not sure on that one ) have to be french , wheter they were french from the start of they were naturalized after 5 years in the legion .
