  why do you say that ? 
  it 's 35 hours a week , and normal work time is 9 - 6 with 2 hours lunch time . 
  ah ah , long-distance relationship guy checking in !, 
  and well , yeah . 
  but ... he 's he staying two months without coming ?? 
  that seems absolutely insane to me . 
  i have n't had an orgasm in nearly three weeks - she 's coming in 3 days - and god i 'm so fucking horny i 'm actually having a hard time going to sleep at night . 
  that picture is amazing but ... do we have antything that could show that this is not fake as hell ? 
  enders game is n't supposed to be deep . 
  that 's not very expensive for a brand new book . 
  though i partially agree with you , i do n't think comparing physical books and ebooks to vhs or dvds and digital movies is fair . 
  mostly because vhs are now completely dead , and dvds have been replaced by a new standard whereas there will always be physical books . 
  maybe 90 % of the novels will first come out as digital , and only the most successful one will be published physically , or maybe print-on-demand will allow anyone to have a copy of any book , but physical book wo n't disappear . 
  holy shit , you brought back memories i did n't even remember i had . 
  fuck , that donkey scene . 
  so fucking terryfing . 
  ah ah , that was it , indeed !, 
  a little bit stupid , since that was the `` instrumental singular '' lesson , and everything else is in singular , but fair enough . 
  thanks !, 
  that was it , thanks !, 
  that 's because it 's the university . 
  but in 2013 , in french * \u00e9coles , * coll\u00e8ges * and * lyc\u00e9es * , you can be sure that the students all say `` vous '' to their teachers . . 
  and human history . 
  the no retreats bataillon and the clearing land mines by walking trough them account for a very small percentage of the total deaths . 
  the leningrad siege ... yeah , they probably fucked up on that one . 
  you just explained why the eastern front was very important during world war one , not why the russians `` won '' world war one . 
  so the western powers passively helped hitler by doing nothing , while the ussr actively allied with hitler . 
  are you saying that the western powers did n't do anything because they wanted hitler to attack the ussr ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the british and the french did n't do anything because they were still traumatized by the world war one and so because nobody wanted a new war , especially not for the small countries that hitler was annexing before the war with poland . 
  they thought that , having had what he wanted , hitler would n't do anything else . 
  yes , it was weak and coward , but the soviet union did n't play a big part in this . 
  and hey , i 'm not critizcing the ussr 's actions during ww2 , i know the huge sacrifice that the soviet took and the tremendous importance of the eastern front ( i was in volgograd last year , for the commemorations of the battle of stalingrad ) . 
  but it does n't change the fact that stalin actively allied with hitler , signing a treaty to decide on how to split poland . 
  [ that 's also history ] ( http://englishrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/04/germans_and_soviets.jpg ) , whether you like it or not . 
  fair enough , you 're right , it was n't an alliance . 
  apart from that , i 'm not going to discuss this further , as you strike me as the kind of personn who always see any remark on his country as an attack . 
  the kind of personn with which it 's impossible to have an interesting discussion . 
  i did n't even discuss if it was bad or not ( looking at history like that is ridiculous : it happened , that 's it ) , i was just saying that :, 
  1 ) the ussr made a pact with the third reich , a pact of non-aggression and of splitting territory . 
  that kind of pact was n't made by any western countries , despite the fact the western countries indeed allowed hitler to rise . 
  2 ) saying that the western countries were passive toward hitler in order to let him attack the ussr is a claim that is not supported by any evidence . 
  or , in other words , it 's wrong . 
  there , i think i explained my position as clearly as i could . 
  enjoy your day . 
  alright , at least now i understand why there is no possible discussion between us . 
  first , i do n't believe history is only states making purely rational decisions based solely on their interest . 
  that 's way too easy . 
  second , `` the winner gets to write history '' is an over-used stupid clich\u00e9 , especially in that case . 
  would you happen to have a link describing this programm and maiden flight ? 
  that seems pretty interesting . 
  the ffl are not special forces , they are part of the regular army . 
  damn , polish sounds cool . 
  ria was anti-russian ? 
  seriously ? 
  frankly , the `` anti-russian ria '' theory seems absolutely ridiculous to me . 
  the other theory , that the two state-owned agencies were constantly fighting each other and that putin wanted to put some order into it , seems to make much more sense . 
  it thought it was just less ridiculously propagandistic than russia today . 
  i guess it 's just a matter of perspective . 
  ah ah , in french we have a very similar one that goes `` if my aunt had balls , she 'd be called my uncle '' . 
  moscow and petersburg are as safe as any european city . 
  they are n't special forces , but commandos groups from the paratroopers units engaged there . 
  the french diplomacy website is , i think , fairly accurate and not too alarming . 
  it says moscow and petersburg and are safe as any european city , which means you still have to be careful about pickpockets and scams . 
  outside of those cities , they mention to be careful with the police who can be corrupted , and strongly advise against traveling in some caucasus regions without a good reason . 
  i liked the idea of this sub and though i know nothing on the topic , i 've been lurking for several weeks . 
  the amount of nazi/fascist-related flags is frankly quite creepy . 
  i understand the the power of the nazi iconography but ... yeah , creepy . 
  since last time i was here , i finished my first novel and sent it to a publisher and meanwhile , writing my second one . 
  i wrote about 2 000 words this week , which is fine considering how things i have to do at the same time . 
  but there are still big parts of the story that remains unclear , and i absolutely need to clear them up before going any further . 
  so yeah , that 's my goal for next week . 
  they actually have a map at the end showing the level of dangers . 
  as you can see , nearly all of russia except for the most southern ones are in green . 
  yeah , the political message behind this image is really subtle . 
  `` oh yes , we care a lot of the sovereignty of countries . 
  except when it 's countries we have an interest in , of course . '', 
  that was called `` irony '' . 
  of course the political message is n't subtle . 
  it 's also bullshit . 
   is russia placing an embargo and/or sanctions on the ukraine ? 
  you do know that russia has been doing exactly this in the last few months , right ? 
  stopping ukrainian exports from entering russia to put pressure on them . 
  not mentionning putin calling ukrain `` not really a state '' . 
  oh yeah , real respect of the soverignety of a country right there . 
  ah ah ah ah ah , you were actually calling the ussr a `` union '' ? 
  i thought you were talking about the customs unions of putin , but that 's hilarious . 
  oh wait no , it 's actually really sad that in 2013 , people still believe this crap . 
  yeah , and the congo is the country of freedom because it 's the democratic republic of congo , right ? 
  anyway . 
  i see now that you 've understood everything about me , revealed the stupid american influenced by propaganda that i am . 
  i can not discussed any further , so crushed i am by the validity of your assumptions and because the fact that you were born in the ussr automatically means you right and i 'm wrong . 
  when it shows a distorted vision of history , yeah , it kinda is . 
  regarding the imperialism question , my opinion is that russia is just too big with this customs union to not be imperialist . 
  i mean , when the eu was created , it was among countries that were more or less equal partners , countries of equal strentgh . 
  but a customs unions between russia , ukrain and countries like moldovia , armenia and tajikistan ? 
  come on , russia has always pride itself of putting it 's interests first . 
  of course it 's going to be imperialist over those countries , since those countries just are n't equal partners , moscow will say and the other will follow . 
  what other choices will they have ? 
  which is also why i think russia should try to work with the eu instead of making his own thing : the eu is an equal partner .
