  and i hope you 're kidding about the increased price of cigarettes  i 've been six months in petersburg , i smoked very rarely before , but at the end of my stay in russia i was smoking about 1 pack every two of three days because of how ridiculously cheap it was . 
  seriously , you could find camel cigarettes for less than 2 euros ( i think the last law increased a bit the price ? ) . 
  ( also , several studies show that increased prices lead to a decrease of consumption , at least until a point ), 
  honestly , i 'm fairly sure that strong economic developement in all parts of russia ( not only moscow and petersburg ) coupled with strict anti-tobacco laws would greatly decrease the numbers of smokers . 
  edit : for the record , i was in russia until march . 
  so i 'm not talking about a glorious ancient time . 
  ok , that 's actually about as expensive as what i paid at the petersburg language faculty . 
  i said 2 euros for a pack of camel , because it 's one of the most expensive brands . 
  in france i would pay around 7 euros for the same pack . 
  i remember the cheapest cigarettes ( the `` peter 1 '' or the `` soyouz '' , my god those were digusting ) were around 60 rubles ( maybe even 40 ? 
  i 'm not sure ) and that was in petersburg , which is with moscow one of the most expensive cities in russia . 
  in more remote places , the prices must be even lower . 
  we 'll see in the future . 
  i do hope that russia is going to get better , even if i 'm not extremly optimistic . 
  alright , thanks for the interesting discussion , 
  as dumb as that sounds , i like having cracked books on my shelves , because it 's like a proof that i indeed read them , and that i 'm not just showing off books to get pussy . 
  tl ; dr : crack the spine of your books to get pussy, 
  i just miss my m1 garand : /, 
  my understanding of the sentence was `` most writers are really shitty '' . 
  just to add precision , her name is directly mentionned in the novel . 
  yeah , i think that right now , the author and his publishers are probably drinking champagne while thanking johansson for the free advertising . 
  i 'm french and had never heard of this novel ( though it was apparently quite successful ) . 
  now , even non-french people know about it . 
  yeah no , trust me , learning latin does n't really help to learn french , spanish or italian . 
  at best , it will give you a better understanding of the vocabulary . 
  source : i 'm french , speak spanish and learned latin . 
  it 's also where you end , if you want to read something good . 
  every other books in the star wars eu requires to be a hardcore fan ( or a kid ) that does n't look too much at the quality of the writing or the plot . 
  language maybe ? 
  it will depends on what you 'll be doing during that time . 
  then how do you explain that a lot of russians are also racist towards black people ? 
  homosexuality is not a western value . 
  that 's why it 's so fucking hard to discuss politics or history with russians . 
  every time you say something bad about russia , they get defensive and the answer is going to be `` yeah well , the west did something as bad in that area too ! '', 
  yeah dude , maybe , but that 's not the topic . 
  why do you guys always see that kind of discussion as an attack on your country ? 
  ( ps : i 'm speaking generally . 
  i admit that op 's post was indeed a bit agressive ), 
   maybe you should not say bad things about russia in the first place ? 
  oh yeah , that 's another classic . 
  `` you are not russian , therefore you 're not allowed to speak badly of russia , it 's history or it 's people '' . 
  i love russia . 
  it 's a fantastic country , with an amazing history and a great culture . 
  hell , i would n't go through the pain of learning russian language if i was n't interested in it . 
  russia did great things , and did not-so-great things as well . 
  that happens everywhere . 
  when we discuss world war 2 and my girlfriend mentionns what the french did during that period , i do n't get all defensive and say things `` yeah well , you guys did horrible things too ! '' . 
  yes , we had a governement who collaborated with the germans and gave them more jews that the germans even asked and yes , that 's absolutely horrible and shameful . 
  and you do n't need to be french to say that it 's horrible . 
  and please , do n't give me the fact speech . 
  you are the one who first mentionned that rapes commited by the red army were `` unproven '' , before saying that `` ok there were rapes , but not more than in other armies '' when minnabrun showed you proof . 
  also , systematically trying to deviate the conversation toward similar horrible things that the west could have done does n't help your case , and certainly does n't show that you care about facts or objectivity . 
   why not speak facts ? 
  because history is not a science like physics . 
  there will never be rock-hard facts , which is why you still have people today arguing that the holocaust never happened . 
  those `` facts '' can always be discussed or questionned . 
  your obssession over facts implies that there is one historical truth , but i think you know very well that 's it 's not the case . 
  also , because a fact is worthless in itself . 
  it 's only the beginning of the discussion . 
  in my opinion , to think that history is only about facts is a big mistake . 
  that being said , i know very little about the events that are discussed in this topic , which is why i 'm not actually talking about them . 
  la vache qui rit is n't cheese , come on . 
  yes , exactly , it 's a blend of stuff , including some cheese in it . 
  i mean , i know i sound like an elitist , but it makes me feel bad for the real chesse out there to call it `` cheese '' . 
  ( do n't get me wrong : a nice toast of bread with vache qui rit on it is awesome , i 've eaten that all my youth and i keep eating it . 
  but cheese ... no ), 
  actually , that 's the only `` study '' i 've ever heard about on this topic , which makes me wonder if this has actually been proven . 
  are there any other more serious studies on the topic out there ? 
  the book is actually quite weak , from an historical point of view as well as from an entairtainment point of view . 
  the tv series however is amazing . 
  i would assume that it 's because no one actually want to go to moldova , tajikistan or turkmenistan , whereas a lot of people are interested in going to russia . 
  wow , thank you for this well written and interesting answer . 
  i 'm getting sick of this `` innocent beautiful wermacht '' circlejerk that ignore everything you said and also all the war crimes the wermacht commited . 
  nevski prospekt ( saint-petersburg ) in the middle of the winter is quite an impressive sight . 
  russian girls rocking their heels everywhere , whereas i can barely stand on the ice with my normal shoes . 
  almost too good . 
  i would n't be surprised to learn that it was posed . 
  to be fair , it seems that most people even in the usa do n't know the `` truth '' about this case . 
  yes , i think it would be a good idea if you guys can moderate as well . 
  things are currently changing , but what you were saying is still true in many parts of the country and also in the mentality of russian peoples . 
  ( taken from a my small experience as a foreigner in russia ), 
  to be honest , i would be much more interest in an update in a month or two , to see how your book does compare to the first one . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are quite a lot of countries where english is n't understood by most part of the population . 
  russia , for example . 
  go outside of moscow and st petersburg , and you 'll be lucky to find anyone that speaks english . 
  i finished my 13th chapter !, 
  and the novel will be 15 chapters long !, 
  i actually can start to see the end !, 
  god this feels amazing . 
  plan for this week is to finish the 14th chapter . 
  given i have actually already written some part of it , it seems doable . 
  between 2 500 and 4 000 words . 
  should be a fairly short crime fiction novel , which was exactly what i was aiming at . 
  pretty racist . 
  i 'm sad of all the people saying `` both '' . 
  of course i write what i want to write , and only that . 
  for me , that 's really the only point of writing . 
  when i 'm done with the writing , then i 'll try to market it as much and as well as i can ( because , of course , i want people to read my novel and i 'd love to make a living out of writing ) , but i 'll never change my writing for the sole purpose of selling more . 
  no , i 'm not writing `` what i think will sell '' . 
  i 'm writing what i want , and then i 'll try to sell it .
