  ( and hey , if you want to read more stuff about russian flags , you can [ read this article ] ( https://medium.com/@fabrice_deprez/the-stories-behind-some-of-russia-s-greatest-flags-a0c557ea6e6f ) i wrote on the topic ), 
  okay , i 'll be in saint petersburg in a few weeks . 
  do you think it 's still possible to take a look at this ? 
  it seems really cool . 
  in the whole of ukraine , i do n't think so ( though my experience is limited ) . 
  however , there were quite a few in odessa , students at the university but also older people . 
  i 've always been curious to know their stories ( mostly the older people , it 's not very hard to guess for the students ) but i never asked . 
  even cooler !, 
  and okay yeah , i took a look at a map and it 's actually right in the city , i was expecting something really far in the oblast . 
  will definitely go then . 
  and 0,10 $ in france . 
  oh , cool idea !, 
  i 'd also mention that , if you want to get a bit of immersion , many russian news websites have their own telegram accounts . 
  for example , i 'm suscribed to the account of the bbc 's russian service , which gives two daily recaps of the news , and to one of the account of slon , which only gives breaking news . 
  there are many others , and it 's a pretty cool way to read . 
  and well , i 'll start :, 
  i studied russian for about 4 months at the university in odessa , and it was great . 
  odessa is in ukraine , but the city is 95 % russian speaking so it 's really not a problem . 
  well it 's actually a big plus in my view because it means that if you 're european , you can study for up to 3 months there without needing any kind of visa ( and there should soon be a complete free visa agreement which will make it even easier ) . 
  odessa is a beautiful , though small city . 
  i went there in the autumn so i did n't do much swimming ( it 's a very popular resort in summer ) , but it 's anyway a really nice place to stay . 
  and well , just like the rest of ukraine , it 's really , really cheap to study and live there ( odessa is actually slightly more expensive than kiev ) . 
  there are actually several languages schools in odessa , including `` private '' ones , which have much better marketing than this one . 
  but to be honest , i do n't see how the courses could have been better , and the university is waaaay cheaper . 
  as for the courses themselves , the teachers are amazingly helpful as well as competent . 
  what 's more , they only do one on one course , meaning you will always be the only in class , meaning you will learn much much faster than in normal classes . 
  they are extremly professional and not afraid to tell your opinions , so you 'll have nice political conversations , 
  the administrative staff is also great , they helped me find a flat , organized excursions in the city for me and other students ... they even lend me money when i lost my credit card !, 
  the only problem i can see with the courses themselves is that the teachers do n't speak english , so i think it 's best if you go there with already the basics of the russian language , otherwise you might struggle . 
  also , if you are a bit scared ... the buildings of the university are shit . 
  it 's old , it 's ugly , it 's probably never been repaired since the fall of the ussr . 
  i did n't care , but i guess some may . 
  i definitely recommend this place . 
  great city , great teachers , no visa needed , and cheap prices . 
  to be honest i 'm giving them a bit of publicity because they 've been struggling since the conflict in the east of the country started ( even though it 's pretty far from odessa , the city is perfectly safe ) , and i think it 's a really cool place to learn russian . 
  [ here 's their website ] ( http://opu.ua/eng/about/structure/centers_laboratories/perspective/perspective_lang ) , you can contact them by mail ( they speak english ) . 
  hey , yes i was there from last september to december . 
  and well , people do n't act like nothing is happening ( because a lot is happening , and not just the war in the east ) , but they go on with their lives . 
  it was the first time i went so i ca n't compare to before the war , but i enjoyed the city a lot . 
   , not necessarily because i agree with his , communist-like ideals, 
  ... what ? 
  deployment in mali was way quicker than iraq but to be fair , it really was n't the same scale , to the point that it 's hardly comparable . 
   to me this is incredible . 
  the guy is a legit historian who researches the topic thoroughly and collaborates with his finnish counterparts using documents and archives . 
  there is nothing pro-commie or anti-finland in his books , yet these `` freedom loving '' countries ca n't even retain the original title . 
  so much for that freedom of expression . 
  frankly , your outrage feels a bit pathetic , 
  the title of a book is pure 100 % marketing . 
  the goal is only to attract readers , something even more important when you are talking of a little-known event in the west like the soviet-finnish war . 
  so yeah , publishers change titles , it 's the most basic thing in the world and there 's nothing surprising about that . 
  this example is actually very good : `` storming the mannerheim line '' , pretty much nobody in the west knows what that is ( i know about the war , and i had totally forgotten about this line ) . 
  so , from the start , there 's no way you can keep that title , it 's just too obscure . 
  i would add that , except for the polish title , there 's really nothing bad about those titles , they are pretty neutral ( again , except the polish one ) . 
  sure , but it 's still the only one who 's not really neutral , insisting on how it was bad for the soviet army . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i mean , i know about russians and obama but in that case , it 's not meant as a joke or as a meme . 
  i mean look at how the poster look , the way its written ... it seems very serious . 
  to be fair , there are shitloads of porn videos on youtube masked as `` educationnal content '' . 
  i do n't remember the name but it 's actually a specific type of porn , like videos of `` doctors '' `` examining '' a girl 's body ... 
  i 've seen such a video on youtube . 
  there is no sex ( well , in the one i 've seen there was fingering , again masked as `` examination '' ) , but it 's nevertheless porn . 
  okay , i 'm really wondering : how can you know enough about the space race to know that a russian cosmonaut burned alive when returning from orbit , but not know who gagarin is and what he did ? 
  we 'll see how things turn out , but you may very well be massively exaggerating . 
  it 's just as likely that kadyrov will be `` convinced '' to remain in power , and that him offering to step down is just a message to the kremlin saying : `` maybe you 'd like to replace me , but with whom ? 
  there 's nobody , and you know it '' . 
  in fact , there are already internet campaigns being organized to this end , and rumours of state-workers being forced to go to a rally to ask kadyrov to remain in power . 
  maybe kadyrov will indeed step down , and that would indeed be huge news , but it 's definitely not as certain as you make it out to be . 
   it means that someone has his \u044f\u0439\u0446\u044b in a vise-grip and that he has somehow lost putin 's favor . 
  yeah no , you 're just doing wishful thinking there . 
  you simply do n't know that . 
  it definitely shows that something is n't right , and that kadyrov 's position is , at the very least , not as secured as it used to be . 
  but i just do n't see how the kremlin could convince kadyrov to step down without making a fuss . 
  he spent all those years turning chechnya into a basically independant republic with thousands of men loyal to him personally and now he 's going to abandon this for ... what ? 
  that 's why i tend to believe it 's all theatrics in preparation for the elections . 
  i just do n't see what moscow could use to convince kadyrov to leave peacefully . 
   it was only the discovery of the briey-longwy-thorinville iron mines that set france back on track to economic recovery, 
  could you tell more about the impact of the discovery of those mines ? 
  reading you it seems they are the only thing that stopped france from disintegrating but i 'll fully admit i 've never heard of this ( despite being french ) . 
  out of curiosity , what do you mean by `` developer corruption '' ? 
  okay , that does sound pretty bad . 
  i was quite hyped about this game , thanks for calming me down a bit , 
  i 've lived in the south-west of france and am a proud user of the `` chocolatine '' term against those disgusting `` pain au chocolat '' speakers , but i admit i 've never seen it used seriously . 
  i mean , when i fight with other people about this , it 's always clearly for the sake of arguing . 
  but i guess as a foreigner you experience things that a local does n't . 
  yeah , in that kind of thing you do n't even need to know physics to get that this is bullshit , you just have to realize that if it was true , this would be huge , a true godamn revolution , and those people would absolutely not need crowdfuding . 
  you can also ask youreself `` if a bunch of guys managed to create this , how come it 's never been done before ? 
  how come none of the huge corporations with billions of budget in research & development '' did n't manage to come up with this ? '', 
  why do you use the word `` investor '' ? 
  you never really invest in a crowdfunding campaign , right ? 
  we merely donate , with ( sometimes ) something given to you in return , but that 's not an investment . 
  i ca n't say how comparable they are in the way they act nowadays , but this regiment has its origin in the french units that were part of the sas during world war 2 and shares the sas 's motto ( translated in french : `` qui ose gagne '' ) . 
  so there is at least an historical link . 
  amazing that i had to scroll so much to find an answer like this . 
  yes , there is no black and white , yes those people participated in something we have n't experience , yes blablabla ... 
  those are old people laughing at a woman telling them the action of the military they were part of lead to the death of its family member . 
  more than that , they are collectively saying the wermacht commited no rape , which is factual bullshit . 
  not mentionning it 's been 70 years , they do n't even have the excuse of `` not knowing '' . 
  those old men are pathetic . 
  they can believe what they want as long as they shut the fuck up , but when they say that kind of thing in a public space in front of a camera , everyone should call them on their bullshit . 
  so i just watched this `` world war ii justified by former german soldiers '' and then the accompanying r/history thread and frankly , i 'm not sure which one made me madder .
