  claiming that china is `` contemplating direct intervention on the side of russia in the ukraine dispute '' is a really serious claim and would be a very important news . 
  as such , i 'd be very interesting in having a real source too . 
  wow , you 're one pissed off dude . 
  i did n't say the guy was wrong , or lying . 
  my point is that this is a very important claim , and i would be very interested in knowing where he got it from . 
  that 's it . 
  beautiful, 
  you 're all wrong , for fuck sake . 
  this is a * chocolatine * . 
  yes , i 'm french , i know this  it 's a joke , there is a constant battle in france between the true believers ( those who speak of a chocolatine ) and the heretics ( who use the filfthy `` pain au chocolat '' ), 
  a. . . a couque ? 
  what in god 's name is this abomination ? 
  it 's a pretty cool recap even if it boils down to `` journalist goes on site to verify geolocations made by bellingcat '' . 
  which is very useful , but it 's not like there was any doubt . 
  and the journalists did n't find anything new . 
  ( and yes , i get that 99 % of people who will watch 60 minutes will have never heard of bellingcat and its findings before . 
  so it is useful . ), 
  i admit i 'm struggling with those elite-gru-reconnaissance teams having all their proper papers with them as if they were going to buy bread . 
  an explanation is that it 's for identification purpose in case they get killed but still . 
  oh , makes more sense . 
  are you implying that the welfare states is linked to xenophobia and racism ? 
  this was taken in matveev kurgan , a village located 15 kilometers from the ukrainian border . 
  here it is on a map : https://twitter.com/antoine_sans/status/602559083607101441, 
  when they talk about the su-25 theory , they show an interview done by rbk , which is clearly not a pro-kremlin source . 
  they actually did several reports on the topic of russian troops in eastern ukraine . 
  other than that , quite a `` fun '' watch . 
  in the same theme , ukraine blockading donbass , cutting water and preventing food from entering , basically equals to ukraine admitting those territories are n't ukrainiian anymore . 
  kiev is so bad at winning hearts & minds it 's not even funny . 
  i 'm not saying they are fully responsible ( without the russian help , all of this would be long over ) but they definitely made it much , much worse . 
  this video is so sad . 
  those girls actually believe the dnr will one day join russia . 
  of course they believe it because otherwise , all this will have been for nothing , but they do n't realize that it will never happen . 
  ah ah , thanks !, 
  despite my efforts , my russian still sucks . 
  and if it did n't happen in the last year , it 's extremly unlikely it will ever happen . 
  too much cost for russia , wheteher economical ( donbass is in fucking ruins ) or political ( new sanctions ) . 
  if it 's indeed a forpost , it can only have been operated by the russian army . 
  russia never sold these drones to anyone , it 's not a civilian drone , it 's a really expensive military equipment . 
  i guess the best you could do is argue that russia gave it to the separatists but given the price of this thing and the fact that it 's apparently pretty complex to operate ( not something ex-soviet soldiers you use themselves ) , that 's very unlikely . 
  eventually , you could also say the drone might have been entirely made up by the ukrainian , along with the tag . 
  again , that seems pretty unlikely to me , because it could very easily be discovered ( like , russia could simply say `` forpost n \u00b0 239 ? 
  nope , we 've got this one right there ! '' ) . 
  finally , the existence of this forepost correlate with what everybody already knows : that russia is giving logistic and intelligence support to the rebels . 
  this is just one more hint . 
  this beard makes me trust that guy . 
  moreover it 's a good idea . 
  and thanks a lot for the memrise course !, 
  suscribing right now . 
  hmmmm shashliks, 
  just to emphasize your point , this was not limited to the soviet union . 
  there was the same ( well maybe not the same , but a similar ) postwar housing crisis in france which lead to the construction of the same kind of ugly building . 
  here 's an example of one in today 's paris :, 
  however , i do remember the russian anthem being played just before a hockey league match ( so , between 2 russian teams ) , which i thought was weird ( in sport events it 's usually only played in international events ) but hey , why not . 
  god knows i 'm not a supporter of russia 's actions in this conflict , but god this is fucking creepy . 
  being an agressor state and sending humanitarian aid are not mutually exclusive , or else i guess the afghanistan and iraq wars are n't agressions ? 
  so much time ? 
  it 's been one year . 
  that 's not so much for an investigation of that scale , especially given the war-time conditions it had to be done in . 
  so your solution is that an investigation should be wrapped up in two weeks because `` people are being bombarded with so much information these days '' ? 
  yeah , that sounds like a great idea . 
  right , the fact that the crash happened in the middle of a war-zone obviously had nothing to do with that . 
  j'adore la comparaison avec how i met your mother . 
  on sent que le journaliste maitrise son sujet . 
  yeah , i know what you say seems to make perfect sense , but it 's not actually true . 
  source : i live in paris , fairly close to the eiffel tower actually , but ca n't see it from my window . 
  i 've been to many other flats in paris , it 's very rare that you can see the eiffel tower . 
  two years ago you could still hail a gypsy cab in about ten seconds on nevsky . 
  damn that was cool . 
  it 's just a - not so good - pun with `` le mariage pour tous '' ( marriage for everyone ) , which was how the law on gay marriage was dubbed . 
  in what areas do you think imperial russia was `` too european '' ? 
  it 's something i 've always wanted to do , good luck !, 
  if i remember well , they went a bit beyond friendship however , 
  i think the interpretation in the title is very biased . 
  i mean , officially russia says there are no russian troops in ukraine . 
  so it makes no sense for state controlled media to `` shame '' people who do n't want to go to ukraine since , in the world of russian controlled media , there are not russian soldiers in ukraine !, 
  i admit this article is very intriguing because gazeta.ru is a pro-kremlin newspaper , and it 's extremly surprising that such a newspaper would publish such an article . 
  that kind of articles about russian troops in ukraine has already been published before , but only by opposition or liberal-minded media ( novaya gazeta , kommersant or rbc ) . 
  so i do n't know the story behind this article . 
  it 's interesting . 
  but it does n't make sense as a propaganda story , because it does n't fit into the propaganda narrative . 
  oh , really ? 
  i admit i never read it ( whereas i frequently read kommersant and rbc ) so i just followed along with what people were saying . 
  if gazeta.ru is liberal , then there 's really no mystery about this article and it 's clearly not propaganda . 
  yeah , you could say that . 
  you could . 
  that sounds a lot like a bullshit urban legend with no basis in reality , but it 's a fun story so i choose to believe it . 
  out of curiosity : if you are among the people who mostly agree with what putin is doing , why did you stop voting for him after 2000 ? 
  that makes sense , thanks for the answer . 
  but do n't you think this is actually a very dangerous thing ? 
  not even discussing the reasons behind the lack of real opposition , but if tomorrow putin was to miss a step , fall down the stairs and break his neck , it seems that russia would suddenly be in an extremly bad spot . 
  i do n't believe medvedev has the power to hold the different elite groups united , and those people would probably very quickly be at each other 's throat . 
  so do you think the benefits outweigh the risks , or just that there is n't much of a choice anyway ? 
  oh okay , i get the idea a bit better . 
  but do n't you think the second meaning , `` to be excessively soft '' , makes more sense in this case ? 
  i agree with everything you mention , but i think it 's mostly because at one point , in order to make a such a map , you have to decide when russia `` begins '' . 
  which , in itself , is flawed because there is no definite beginning . 
  the author of the map seems to have make the assumption that the state of russia begins with the duchy of moscow , when it won it 's battle of influence against the duchy of novgorod . 
  it 's debatable of course , but i do n't think it 's entirely wrong . 
  making the assumption that russia begin with the kievan rus would also make sense , but it would also not be devoid of its own problems . 
  ah ah your understanding of french politics is hilariously bad .
