  here is a list of the [ most popular russian tv shows ] ( http://www.imdb.com/search/title?languages=ru%7c1&amp;sort=moviemeter,asc&amp;title_type=tv_series ) . 
  i got ta say , brigada looks awesome . 
  `` it 's always nazi week '' . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 'm also learning russian currently ( though i 'm not doing it only by myself ) , so i 've been wondering the same thing . 
  as soon as i get home , i 'm going to download the shit out of those shows , along with movies . 
  also , looking forward to playing s.t.a.l.k.e.r in russian . 
  i put some close-ups in the album . 
  i also took [ some photos in a better quality ] ( http://imgur.com/a/grph1#0 ) , but after uploading it does n't change much : /, 
  right . 
  sorry about that . 
  there are actually quite a lot of nazis in russia , which is hilarious considering what the nazi ideology thinks of slavic people . 
  when a guy is wearing fallschirmj\u00e4ger or ss 's uniforms and celebrating hitler 's birthday , i think you can argue he 's a bit more than a fascist . 
  ( i 'm saying that because it 's something i saw in russia ), 
  if your mom is also interested in history , i would recommend phillip kerr 's [ bernie gunther 's ] ( http://berniegunther.com/ ) series . 
  it 's several detective noir novels set in nazi ( and later , soviet ) germany . 
  fascinating read , with an amazing reconstitution of life in those times . 
  the bernie gunther 's series is only set during the period between 1933 and 1945 ( with a few exceptions ) . 
  phillip kerr did write some novels set in the present , but i have n't read them . 
  excellent . 
  i 'm normally not fond of first-person narrative , but in that case it works like a charm . 
  and fantastic historical reconstitution . 
  wheter it 's when the nazi party comes to power , or when people try to survive in the ruins of berlin controlled by the soviets , it 's just fascinating to follow bernie trough that ocean of madness . 
  ah ah , thanks , 
  my own place ( this is my room in my parent 's house ) is a bloody mess , but i love organizing my library . 
  go figure out . 
  i do n't know the author at all ( the book was a gift ) but i loved man in the dark . 
  powerful atmosphere . 
  thanks for the tip , i 'll look into it . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but the main consensus among current historians is that the battle of bir-hakeim was a nearly insignificant event in the war , that was lately used by the new governement solely for propaganda purposes ( and widely taught in our schools in order to make people forget the other-not-so-great things that the french did during the war ) . 
  so , no , the allies did n't win the second battle of el alamein thanks to the french . 
  adolf hitler was neither a historian nor a great military leader . 
  how does that quote shows that the battle of bir-hakeim was of great strategic importance ? 
  i never said the soldier who fought this battle were coward . 
  just that after-war propaganda greatly overestimated the importance of this battle . 
  oh , no doubt . 
  i 'm not contesting the existence of the battle but the importance it was given , especially in the french 's vision of the war . 
  hundreds of battle were fought , and each contributed to the war in a way or another , but very few were `` a turning point '' . 
  french propaganda says the battle of bir-hakeim was a turning point ( and an exceptionnal show of bravery and heroism , which it very well may have been ) , but it was n't . 
  i disagree . 
  there are so many great books out there , i do n't understand why you would take the time to read a book you know is crap ( because yes , everyone know 50 shades is crap , i do n't need to read it to have the confirmation ) . 
  sometimes it 's just a bad surprise , but with ultra-hyped books like 50 shades ... 
  it just seems stupid . 
  of course . 
  but if it takes you away for a few hours , i do n't count it in my `` crap '' section . 
  i do n't read erotica , but i 'm pretty sure in that category you can find stuff better than 50 shades of blablabla . 
  also , a french author wrote a few years an essay about the act of reading , and included the `` rights of the reader '' . 
  those include :, 
  * the right not to read, 
  * the right to skip pages, 
  * the right to not finish a book, 
  * the right to read again, 
  * the right to read whatever you want, 
  * the right to read wherever you want, 
  i 'm talking about books that you personnally know are bad . 
  any books that you do n't really know anything about does n't count . 
  but twilight does . 
  and no , allow me to disagree , i do n't think there is any value in reading something like twilight or 50 shades of grey , even if that has become a huge cultural phenomenon ( i admit that , no problem ) . 
  not only do i know it 's crap , i know why it 's crap because it 's such a cultural phenomenon that everybody is talking about it all the time . 
  so actually , the fact that it 's a cultural phenomenon means i even less need to read it : i can actually talk about it no problem without having read more than a few lines ( because yeah , my sister has them , so i read a few lines . 
  do n't need more ) . 
  and i 'm sincerely curious to know what kind of `` interesting '' discussions you would have had about twilight . 
  if it 's about how bad it is , why it 's so bad , or how the message of the book is hugely anti-feminist , it does n't count ( too easy ) . 
  i understand , and i agree there are reasons to read a book even if you expect it to be bad . 
  i just do n't think there are good reasons . 
  well , regarding that , i have two answers :, 
  1 ) the first one is that , because of it 's status of cultural phenomenon , i do n't need to actually read it to form my own opinion . 
  i know what those books are about , i know the global plot , i may even know the name of the main characters , i know their authors ... 
  i form my own opinion based on all that , and i do n't need to go so far as to actually read the book to say it 's uninteresting and not worth my time . 
  2 ) the second answer is that , when it comes to stuff like twilight or 50 shades of grey , i do n't even want to form my own opinion . 
  seriously , i do n't care . 
  i get pretty much forced to have an opinion because it 's huge sucess lead it to being discussed everywhere , but i would gladly leave them where there are without talking about them . 
  i mean , fortunaly , i do n't get upset by every mediocre romance or erotica book outhere , i just do n't care about them . 
  i think there are pretty much meaningless and will be forgotten in a few years , expect for a few `` fun facts '' about how an erotica novel manage to make so much money . 
  i meant meaningless from a literary point of view , i 'm fairly confident that in a few decades , those two books wo n't be considered classic-that-were-critized-at-the-beginning-by-ignorant-critics . 
  of course , from a business perspective , those two books had ( and still have ) a big influence . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  what is forgotten and what is remembered is n't solely based on the success : i 'm sure you can find tons of example of very popular book of an era that are today completely forgotten . 
  even if it 's different , the most popular songs of the 60 's and the 70 's are today completely forgotten , whereas a lot ( not all , but a lot ) , of the `` classics '' of that period were n't actually that well known at that time . 
  i think 50 shades is going to be forgotten quite quickly , because it was more of a sudden hype than an actual success . 
  twilight though ... 
  i do n't know , i would say it was a more `` tangible '' success than 50 shades , but on the other hand ya fiction tend to fall in the dark quite quickly as well ( especially since twilight is far from having the universal and intemporal kind of story that , for example , harry potter has ) . 
  twilight is n't a good example because , let 's be honest , everything is shitty in this book : writing yes , but also plot , characters , setting ... everything . 
  i completely agree with harry potter on the other hand . 
  the writing is far from being great ( be careful though : rowling 's writing is n't shitty , it gets the job done and does n't take you out of the story ) , but the rest is great . 
  it 's not exactly the question , but i just wanted to add that the french \u00e9puration was actually of a very small scale : only the biggest collaborators , the one who could n't decently be forgiven , and a few examples ( the nationalization of renault was one ) were condemnned . 
  most collaborators got away with a few months of jail , or even nothing . 
  this had two main reasons :, 
  * most of the administration had been involved in one way or another in the vichy regime and in the collaboration with the germans . 
  getting rid of all of them would mean to start the `` new '' france from scratch , which was nearly impossible ( france was already in a pretty bad situation , and needed all the good elements they could get , even if they had collaborated ) . 
  * de gaulle wanted to spread the idea that most french people had been involved in the resistance , and that the collaboration was very small-scaled . 
  moreover , there was a strong desire in the french population to simply forget about that time , even if that meant not doing anything against criminals . 
  here is a [ good example of a collaborator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maurice_papon ) who was n't trialed , and actually lead quite a successul career before a french newspaper showed in 1981 -40 years later ! - his implication in the deportation of jews . 
  well , neither can you with e-ink . 
  ( the paperwhite use an external lighting device , it 's not part of the actual e-ink techonology ), 
  never heard `` feuk '' for a cop in my life . 
  this is not going to end well . 
  true . 
  anyway , hollande had pretty much no choice : with the islamists pushing in , and the african coalition not ready before next year , the existence of mali itself is threatened , and i believe france has the most military troops in the area . 
  letting aqmi take control of the region would be terrible for pretty much everyone .
