  my bad ( though it 's still much more in the north-east ), 
  well i 'm studying in russia right now ( toulouse being my home university ) so probably not , but i hope you 'll like it . 
  that ... ca n't be . 
  start , and end with this . 
  i 'm serious . 
  if you are more than 14 and are not a huge fan of star wars , timothy zhan 's books are the only star wars books with an actual literary value . 
  other ones can be interesting , but only if you 're enough into the star wars universe to forgive the terrible style/story/characters . 
  ah ah ah , yeah i agree . 
  i 'm getting to that part actually ( i 'm at about half of the book ) , but i still like it very much . 
  i think we all have a bit of oblomov in us , if you know what i mean . 
  and actually , i find olga way more annoying than oblomov . 
  anyway , i 'll see what happens next ( already knowing that zhakar is of course the best character of the novel ), 
  congratulations , you acted like an even bigger asshole than your guy . 
  yes , we watch top gear . 
  very interesting , thanks a lot . 
  i kiss men in my family ( my dad , my uncles , my grandfather ) and my very close friends , but i 'm not sure it 's `` that '' common . 
  yep , it 's not very funny expect in an `` anti-commie '' context . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure most russians know fairly well what happened in wwii . 
  i actually think they know better than most americans , only for the fact that they know ( and they 're proud of ) the fact that wwii was pretty much won on the eastern front , which is something most americans ( and even europeans ) forget . 
  i did n't mean this as a `` americans are stupid '' circlejerk , just as a `` like any other country , americans citizens will tend to put their country first , even though it 's not very accurate historically speaking '' . 
  not mentioning the cold war that immediately followed wwii , which meant that recognizing any achievement by the red army was not very well seen . 
  and on the other hand , i never said russians were historical or political geniuses ( lololololol ) . 
  just that , on that particular matter , they tend to know more than the typical american citizen , for very obvious reasons . 
  hmm ... 
  i know the title of the article is impressive , but we learn pretty much nothing new in it . 
  plus , i was saying that russians tend to know more about this period of history than americans , and you talk about state secrets archives that even the americans had no idea about . 
  so even though the russians did n't know everything , they could still know more than the americans , my point still hold . 
  also - i have to admit , i 'm not sure about this part - , i would n't be surprised if the communist regime had used extensively the `` sacrifice '' of the red army , for propaganda purposes . 
  finally , i 'm not a researcher or anything like that so i do n't mean to say this as an ultimate proof , but i 've talked with a few young russians about this and they tend to know that shit veeerrry well . 
  and why would n't them ? 
  it 's their history , and it happened only 60 years ago . 
  the fact that soviet historiography reeked of propaganda does n't mean that they do n't know most of the global events , without talking of the fact the russia is n't a communist dictatorship anymore , so today 's youth has a much better - even though far from perfect - view of their history . 
  but please , keep being the though guy on an internet forum . 
  i 'm very impressed by your insults and your arrogant tone . 
  russia , no problem . 
  nope , no problem . 
  ( plot-twist : i 'm not russian , even though i live in russia ), 
  when i was a kid , a nail ripped half of my leg open while i was playing with my brother . 
  i still have quite a big scar . 
  the real story being too boring , i usually says that i took a piece of shrapnel in the leg while serving in the french special forces , and that i had to walk for 10 kilom\u00e8tres with a destroyed leg and while carrying my fellow soldier . 
  of course it 's meant as a joke , nobody ever believe that ( i do n't exactly look like a guy who could be in the french special forces . ) . 
  except some people did . 
  girls , mostly . 
  granted , they usually were a bit drunk . 
  having spent one year in australia , i would say that the vast majority of australians would say that the guys in the video are fucking douchebags and would n't approve of their behiavour . 
  however , i 've still witnessed a lot of racism , way more than i was used to ( note : in france i live in a place where there are n't much immigrimant , so i 'm not really used to this kind of issues ) , and i 'm pretty sure that if it had been an arab guy instead of a french girl being used , much more people would have stand with the drunken morons . 
  no it 's not . 
  both are retarded ( well , country bashing can be funny ) , but it 's not the same thing . 
  roadside picnic is fantastic , thank you for that sir . 
  for agatha christie , i recommend you to start with `` the mysterious affair at styles '' . 
  it 's one of christie 's first book , it 's short , very efficient and well ... if you liked this one , you can be sure you 'll like her other books . 
  if you do n't , no need to read anything else , you wo n't like it . 
  source : i love agatha christie . 
  edit : oh , and if you have an e-eader , it 's available [ for free and legally ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/863 ) . 
  do you know if it 's available somewhere ? 
  i 'd love to read that . 
  you gon na have to elaborate on that , my friend . 
  oh i was n't meaning that it 's impossible to dislike those authors , and i can certainly understand someone who would do so . 
  i 'm just saying that when you say that you dislike what is considered to be two of the greatest authors in a country 's literature ( and possibly in the world ) , you may want to say why instead of simply writing the names . 
  but with just names , your contribution is pretty much useless . 
  the only reason we are talking about it right now ( which is kind of the point of such a thread ) is that i asked you to elaborate . 
  or else , everyone just put random names , no dicussion , no debate . 
  soooo interesting . 
  i agree . 
  which is way i upvoted you , while waiting for a longer answer . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  what said flowerpig could actually be applied word-for-word to celine . 
  he 's still a very controversial author ( even if widely recognized as a great one ) . 
  beluga is fucking expensive though . 
  as long as we are discussing this , would you happen to know something of the same kind for chrome ? 
  even among the 8000 's ... it takes much more balls to climb the annapurna or the k2 than the everest . 
  it 's not that i like or dislike , it 's just that it distract me to the point where i can only listen and not read . 
  note that i ca n't work or write with music either ( except if it 's something really easy or dumb . 
  but anything where i need to think - nope ), 
  are you only interested in american literature ? 
  writer 's block is bullshit . 
  get to work . 
  the master and margarita ( in english , unfortunaly ) . 
  well it 's great . 
  beautiful , surprising , and great . 
  just out of curiosity , how did you get the mauser ? 
  ( and the mosin-nagant , while we 're at it ) . 
  nice . 
  i could n't buy guns like that where i live and i 'm not a gun nerd anyway but ... 
  damn that mauser look cool . 
  fantastic shot , well done . 
  can you tell us about the location ? 
  seems like the water 's pretty cold . 
  oh yeah , that movie was an insult to the books . 
  i 'm glad that it was a flop and that they wo n't do the next books . 
  i do n't want to see `` the amber spyglass '' butchered . 
  really , i do n't . 
  dude . 
  write the story first . 
  answer questions when your book is finished . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  i was quite in the reverse situation : those books were really important to me ( they still are ) , and i did n't want the face of the actors to be put on my characters ( that is , the one i imagined ) . 
  it 's ... 
  i ca n't really explain it , but the sole existence of a movie was bad for me . 
  i did n't want it .
