  it 's a really classical thriller story , nothing much original , the main character is kinda annoying and i did n't think the computer-girl was that interesting as well . 
  the conclusion is nice but a bit too much ( seriously , [ spoiler ] ( / s `` the dude is like pure evil '' ) ) . 
  the overall writing is n't great ( but is n't too bad either ) . 
  there 's thousands of books like this one , and i 'm wondering why this one get to be famous . 
  edit : oh also , i heard that the author included a `` very strong feminist message '' in the book . 
  maybe i 'm blind , but i did n't see that anywhere . 
  unless it 's in the fact that the main character bangs every single woman who come close to him , but in this case i 'm afraid i do n't really get feminism . 
  edit2 : i read only the first one . 
  i think he 's getting towed by the jet-ski . 
  if you can , try to sit down with her . 
  the story : the stuff they use at the administration 's offices to measure people was n't actually high enough ( only 2 meters high ) , so the woman just kinda guessed ( because i do n't know how tall i am ) . 
  but i know she guessed it wrong . 
  without my shoes , i 'm 2m03 . 
  period . 
  ( and yes , i look like a moron . 
  who looks good on a passport anyway ? ), 
  i 'm stealing that . 
  nah , that 's just because of the french-passport-effect . 
  [ not sure if compliment or insult ] ( http://www.spaciousplanet.com/images/world/thumbnails/phillip-fry128053296237530.jpeg ) ... 
  well in that case , thank you very much . 
  you 've been mislead dude : alsace is in germany . 
  congratulations on not getting the joke . 
  : fear :, 
  publishers may disappear ( i highly doubt it ) , but authors will always need people to edit their works and tell them if it 's good and how they can improve it . 
  that 's still the difference betwenn traditionnal publishing and kindle publishing , especially for new authors . 
  ( you can safely say that authors who already wrote a few books do n't need the advices of a publisher and could safely publish by themselves ) . 
  do you have any stories about working with foreign agencies ? 
  mi6 , dgse , mossad ... how was it ? 
  yeah , because as a joke it 's hilarious . 
  and well , it 's even funnier if it 's not a joke actually . 
  where is it ? 
  god i miss australia . 
  the name of the place sounds familiar , even if i 've never been outside victoria . 
  people who read books are eccentric ? 
  i do n't want to live where you live : /, 
  does n't matter where or on which device you read , as long as you read . 
  that 's indeed a good start , thanks !, 
  so ... what are the books you wrote ? 
  what kind of novel is it ? 
  what 's the story ? 
  ( i 'm not an agent nor a publisher , just curious ), 
  seems quite interesting . 
  hope you 'll find someone to publish it soon !, 
  ( if i can make one comment about the plot synopsis , `` and she 's gotten julia a job with the best-looking guy in town , retired fighter hector guerra '' , the term `` best-looking guy in town '' sounds a bit weird ) . 
  i 'm working on a detective fiction , but i did n't start writing yet , i 'm still polishing my story ( but it 's actually getting quite polished , i think i 'm gon na start writing soon ) . 
  the synopsis of your book sounds awesome !, 
  i would totally buy it if i had a kindle and if i was american . 
  the only interesting thing in this election was the breakthrough ( to be confirmed in two days ) of jean-luc melenchon . 
  even tough i 'm not going to vote for him , it 's nice to see that someone with a really different but not racist programm can actually attract people . 
  you do realize that the dunkirk evacuation was a defeat ? 
  it was only made a sucess because of a highly successful british propaganda . 
  i agree with you , it 's just that you ca n't called that a `` victory '' , even minor , because it was a defeat . 
  managing a solid and efficient retreat does n't make it a victory . 
  ( but that is just semantics ), 
  good itinerary . 
  you may be a bit in a hurry ( your day in bordeaux is n't going to be very long ) but hey , upvote just for visiting france and not just paris . 
  ( and before montpellier , toulouse is a beautiful city . 
  i 've never been to montpellier so maybe you have your reasons to prefer it over toulouse ) . 
  the fact is , you 're going to sell less books at $ 4.99 than you would have sold at $ 2.99 . 
  maybe you 'll still make more money , but you 'll sell less books , and that 's what the guy is discussing , the best price to sell the maximum amount . 
  you have to find the good number , the number that will pay your bills but wo n't scare away your potentials readers . 
  and that number depends of a lot of factors ( for example , if you 're an established author , you 'll be able to set your price higher without consequences ), 
  ah ah , i 'm doing the same thing here . 
  ( except i 'm only planning on uploading it if my story actually gets some audience ), 
  honestly , i would be really curious to see some statistics about that . 
  amazon must have a huge database by now . 
  no new ideas ? 
  so you encounter regularly books that are about [ spoiler ] ( / s `` destroying god '' ) ? 
  and i still consider `` the amber spyglass '' as the most beautiful book i have ever read . 
  how can you see this , and still go in the water ? 
  [ the accursed kings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_accursed_kings ) by maurice druon is a really fantastic series of books . 
  if you 're interested in the history of france and/or like good adventure/political/historical books ( because , yeah , the accursed kings are all that at the same time ) i ca n't recommend these books enough . 
  it has impressive historical accuracy , it has political plots , violent deaths , sex , fantasticly written characters ( it is one of the very few books that made me love a truly evil character ) ... anything you can enjoy in a story . 
  that 's not a spoiler , that 's one of the themes of the book . 
  i did n't say if or how he did it . 
  and thus feeding the rage until everyone is dead . 
  napoleon was nicknamed `` le petit caporal '' ( he was n't a general in his early years in the military ) . 
  i do n't know how , but i can you tell you when : when i 'm fucking tired , a few seconds before falling asleep . 
  then i have to get up and write it down , because i know i 'll forget it during the night . 
  the basic idea of the novel i 've been working on for a few months ( i 'm about to actually start writing ) came to me like that . 
  now i just keep a notepad close to my bed , so i do n't have to get up . 
  i 'm also wondering that . 
  ( i 've been in waves like that a few times . 
  never actually took one tough , i was too busy paddling against the current so the next set would n't beat the crap out of me ), 
  please do ( i personnaly would n't dare , wetsuits make me look even taller and skinnier than i already am ) . 
  a confederacy of dunces , by john kennedy toole . 
  it 's absurdly hilarious . 
  * if you molest us again , sir , you may feel the sting of the lash across your pitiful shoulders *, 
  i think your should indicate the sources of your translations . 
  the saint des seins regurarly has bands playing live . 
  mostly electronic music , but i 've seen a few jazz concerts . 
  i do n't get it ... you want us to tell you in which genre you should write ? 
  the names in themselves do n't bother me . 
  but god , it took me so much time in the brothers karamazov to understand that mitia is a nickname for dimitri and that they are not two different people . 
  `` i had reached the age of 650 miles '' - the inverted world , christopher priest, 
  it 's supposed to be completely obvious . 
  no he did n't . 
  i mean , i do n't have the beginning of a goddamn idea of what it must be like to be in this situation , but he did n't `` unquestionably '' did the right right . 
  there are laws of war , and he broke them . 
  it 's unclear if the dude would have survived anyway , but still .
