i would also recommend maupassant 's collection of short stories `` contes du jour et de la nuit '' ( i do n't think it was published under the same title in english ) . 
  it 's in the public domain , so if you have an e-reader you can easily read it . 
  and it 's really good . 
  each story is different , but globally it 's pretty dark : you got the tale of a mysterious englishman with a human hand on the wall of his house , a story in which a son murder his parents , a tragically sad story about a woman and his necklace ... all are really fantastic to read . 
  read it a really long time ago . 
  loved it , of course . 
  strangely , i only remember the part when he coldly talks about how the newsbies are getting killed by airplanes , and how they get scared by the big explosions when they should actually be scared of the little bullets . 
  very powerful reading . 
  yes , that 's kinda the idea . 
  the new soldiers are afraid of the big shells that go way over their head , but do n't hear the more vicious sound of the little shells fired from mortar that kills you . 
  ( i do n't have the exact quote however ), 
  have you read other books from tolstoi ? 
  are you in russian litterature in general ? 
  and if yes , well there are always some books that you do n't like without any apparent reason . 
  it just means you 're not a robot who likes books as long as it is tagged `` great litterature '' . 
  i have never heard this expression in my whole life ( in live in the south , maybe it 's something from the north ) . 
  yep . 
  we rock . 
  ( but seriously , both oss 117 are awesome . 
  watch them . 
  now . ), 
  not relevant , but i just finished reading petersburg tales . 
  pretty good ( i especially liked the story about the painter ) , i have to put my hands on `` dead souls '' now . 
  french dude here . 
  not in the legion etrang\u00e8re , but i am quite informed about it . 
  * pretty much every tv shows about the ffl are bullshit . 
  the english and americans ones are especially bullshit , but even the french ones are pretty crap . 
  * the ffl is n't the spearhead of the french army , nor it is a special force . 
  the french army have it 's owns special forces units , and no ffl regiment is part of the brigade des forces speciales terre ( ground force special brigad ) . 
  * the training of the ffl is n't the most difficult in the world , it 's not even one of the most difficult . 
  not saying it 's an easy one obviously , and some of its commando courses are among the hardest in the world ( american rangers have been training with the ffl in the jungle of guyane , and the poor rangers were having quite a bad time ) , but the basic training , the bootcamp , can actually be completed by anyone in good physical shape . 
  * so , is it easy to go in the ffl ? 
  actually no , but that 's because the ffl is hugely popular . 
  they have so much people trying to make they way in the ffl that can afford to select only the best . 
  basically , there are about ten people for just one job . 
  that also explain why the legend that the ffl can recrut killers and forgive them is n't true anymore . 
  firstly , because it 's now forbidden for the ffl to recrut people who commited blood crimes . 
  and secondly because they have so much people trying to get in , why would they bother taking a fit but potentially psychopath guy , when they can just take a fit and stable dude ? 
  ( it is however still true that the ffl , by giving it 's soldiers a new identity , forgive minor crimes ), 
  * you can get the french nationality after 5 years in the ffl . 
  not guaranteed , depends on what your superiors think of you . 
  * should you go in the ffl , you would travel a fucklot . 
  the training area is in castelnaudary , in the south of france . 
  the 3rd foreign infantry regiment is currently stationned in french guaina : they protect the lauching site of the ariane 5 rocket , and at the same time are engaged in operations against gold smugglers in the jungle . 
  there have been some heavy fighting from what i heard . 
  they also handled the jungle commando course of the ffl ( there is also a jungle training in the mayotte islands i think ) . 
  apart from that , 13th demi-brigade of the foreign legion is stationned in the united arab emirates , and every regiment of the ffl goes to them for desert combat training . 
  and finally , ffl regiments are currently engaged in afghanistan and in a shitload of african countries . 
  bullshit , bullshit , bullshit ( read my comment above ) . 
  the tough training ( but not that tough ) aims to create an * esprit de corps * among people who are from very differents places . 
  apart from that , ffl regiments are like any regiments in the french army : they are given the same kind of mission , got the same equipement , same salary ... 
  you picture of the ffl is outdated by 50 years . 
  indeed , quite an interesting advice and - holy shit , that 's the guy who wrote the awesome x-wing series !, 
  ( at least , it was awesome when i was 14 ), 
  hercule poirot not only beats sherlock holmes , he solves the crap out of him . 
  nice reaction , hope it 'll work in the end . 
  if you can , ask for real criticism instead of pre-formated letters . 
  but do n't expect it too much . 
  i just bought his last book , have n't started it yet though . 
  berlin noir is an awesome read , especially if you 're interested in german life during the third reich . 
  i was wondering if the fact that bernie hates french people is just something historical ( would n't be surprising ) , or if it is the author who ca n't stand us . 
  anyway , great author . 
  thanks , very interesting . 
  well , he definitely does n't like us , even tough his arguments about why he does n't understand how france could be among the winning countries are quite sound . 
  ( even if i does n't really agree with him : it 's true that france had concentration camps for spanish refugees , but he forgots to say that the british were the people who invented concentration camps during the boers war ... talk about hypocrisy ... ) . 
  during his books that are set after ww2 , there is also the fact that the french area of germany is considered to be the most dangerous after the russian one , and french people are considered to be the most arrogant . 
  anyway , i do n't really mind . 
  he 's a great author , and bernie is an awesome character . 
  period . 
  hey , great idea !, 
  it really makes me sad to think that non-french speakers will probably never read `` la horde du contrevent '' , which is probably one of the greatest books i ever read , and without hesitation the best fantasy book i have ever read . 
  the story is set in a fictional world , where a powerful wind blows always in the same direction ( from west to east ) and where people can only live on a small portion of this world where there 's no ice . 
  the novel follows the 34th `` horde '' , a group of 23 people with the mission of walking against the wind , from the aval ( downstream ) to the extr\u00eame-amont ( extrem-upstream ) , where the wind is supposed to be born . 
  no one has ever reach the extr\u00eame-amont , and the 34th horde will be the last to try . 
  at the beginning of each chapter , a little sign indicates which member of the horde is going to be the narrator of the chapter . 
  it takes a little time to get used to that , but at the end you can regognize the narrator only by his writing style . 
  alain damasio ( the author ) is insanely good , each character has his own particuliar way to tell the story , it 's ... wouah . 
  the book is at the same time completely epic , incredibly poetic ( the wind is declined in six known forms depending of his power , and a whole quest involves finding the last and most powerful forms of wind ) , funny , and so well-written . 
  unfortunately , i think it 's also impossible to translate . 
  maybe not impossible , but i do n't see how someone could do it , it 's just too different . 
  and i have no idea what a translator would do with the chapter where the troubadour of the horde ( yes , there 's a troubadour ) is doing a palindrome fight with another guy : the first dude says a palindrome , and the other must re-use his phrase but make it longer , and it must still be a palindrome . 
  i mean , only writing this chapter must have been horribly difficult , so translating it ... 
  i 'm french , so i ca n't help you about what is it to move from america to france . 
  i can tell you tough :, 
  lyon is a really nice place, 
  about the citizenship : in order to ask for it ( it 's not automatic - at all ) , you must have been living at least 5 years in france , have a decent french and you know , being aware of a few things about french culture , history and stuff like that . 
  keep in mind that if you have children that are born in france , they will automatically become french . 
  it became harder to gain citizenship in the last few years ( thanks to our awful govnerment ) , but i do n't think that applies to american people , especially if you have university degrees or something like that . 
  if you have others questions , i 'll be glad to answer them . 
  this kind of attitude makes me so ashamed of my country . 
  you 're right , the sad thing is this kind of thing is not only becoming more common , but it 's been encouraged for the last 5 years by the current governement . 
  if it was just some racist guy in the 70 's , it 's now an actual policy . 
  alright , it 's not fully automatic , but the conditions are n't hard to fulfil . 
  the procedure by marriage is usually easier , if you 're not from any north african country ... 
  i think . 
  and yes , i agree : gaining a citizenship is n't something to be taken * \u00e0 la l\u00e9g\u00e8re * , and it 's actually not a bad thing that it would take a little time , just to ensure the personn is really willing . 
  ( i keep talking in english because the op opened this conversation in english , hope you do n't mind ) . 
  i 'm not talking about numbers ( though they matter obviously , but i really do n't have the courage to look for a better source than wikipedia and to compare between all the institutions which counts these numbers ... ) but you know , about all things that have been said and done in the last 5 years . 
  last example , gu\u00e9ant and the immigration of young workers . 
  so , i maintain what i said : the kind of attitude mentionned above has been encouraged by the current governement .
