  i think it 's a bit different . 
  pretty terrible . 
  have n't sold a single book . 
  ok , i 'm going to give you an actual exemple . 
  i saw on the forums of kboards a writer saying that he saw that his readers tend to highlight ( on the kindle ) some kind of sentences , and so that he was going to write more sentences of this kind . 
  i wo n't , or at least i hope i wo n't , do that . 
  and yes , i want a communication , that 's why i want to sell them . 
  but i do n't think that i need to write things that i do n't want to write for that . 
  i need to give a clean manuscrip without sentences , i need to write something that makes ... basically i need to write something good , yes . 
  but i think that i can do that by writing what i want to write . 
  yes , to be honest i 'm surprised at how good it is . 
  not original , but definitely very good crime fiction . 
  if you 're not french and saying that , you 're ignorant . 
  if you 're french and saying that , you 're stupid . 
  both maybe ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  but please , i would be very interested in hearing how , in france , everyone except the french can do whatever they want . 
   he 's not wrong, 
  yes , in my opinion , he is . 
  which is why i was waiting for actual examples , because right now i ca n't think of a single example of a non-native french having more rights ( or `` special privileges '' ) that a native french does n't have . 
  ( having a special area in which to live is not a special privilege , by the way . 
  as a french , my special area in which to live is the whole fucking country ), 
  yep , and i am still waiting for those `` facts '' . 
  and i assume you have never seen those areas for `` gens du voyage '' . 
  in other places , they are called car parks , only with water and electricity . 
  and yep , the governement maintain water and electricity everywhere . 
  and yes , a camping trip in france can indeed be pretty affordable . 
  note that this article was [ entirely written using the faq that j.k rowling posted on the site of robert galbraith ] ( http://www.robert-galbraith.com/ ) . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea from a battlefield-gameplay point of view , but the drawing is awesome . 
  i 'd say staying 11 hours in a plane not knowing what 's gon na happen next is a pretty good reason to complain . 
  i 'm the one who asked the `` art of war '' question , so allow me to try and defend myself . 
  i was interested in knowing about the historical context surrounding the discovery of that text and how it came to being so well-known . 
  i thought it would relate as much to sino-europeans relations as to military history . 
  my question was n't a `` historical curiosity '' and given the very interesting answers , i think it was a pretty good thread all in all . 
  no worries . 
  ( yes , the indiana jones question was n't the greatest . 
  but if it comes up too often , i trust the mods to act accordingly ), 
  i 'm confused . 
  in russian , chai ( \u0447\u0430\u0439 ) is just the word for tea . 
  what 's the difference between tea and chai ? 
  interesting indeed , thanks for the heads-up !, 
  your question , without giving any context , is stupid . 
  is n't that a little bit ... too specific ? 
  those people should get out of here then . 
  that 's the entire point of this subreddit . 
  it depends . 
  if holding hands of kissing your partner is considered to be gay propaganda , then gay tourists or athletes could be arrested . 
  but anyway , it wo n't happen . 
  putin is n't stupid enough to risk a diplomatic clash over that . 
  that 's awesome , thanks for the tip !, 
  edit : but surprinsingly , the first app does n't seem to work on reddit . 
  entirely different . 
  that 's internal politics , with a russian citizen . 
  it does n't make it right , but most people outside of russia do n't care about it . 
  but the entire world will be looking at russia during the olympics . 
  arresting gay tourists or athletes at that moment would lead to a major diplomatic incident , and i highly doubt putin want that to happen . 
   engage , engage , engage !, 
  was that a generation kill reference ? 
  ( if yes , nice advice , captain america ), 
  mystery/crime is a dying genre ? 
  what ? 
  hey , i finished that one a few days ago . 
  i have to admit , it was n't as amazing as i expected it to be . 
  very generic advices . 
  what did you think of it ? 
  have you read `` the dead heart '' , by douglas kennedy ? 
  if yes , what did you think of it ? 
  keep a copy of your passport with you . 
  if you give the real thing to policemen , there is a high chance that they will keep it until you give them money . 
  in most cases , a high quality color photocopy should do the trick . 
  yes actually , it has happen to me . 
  it ended well because i faked calling my embassy , but they definitely tried . 
  if the policeman is simply trying to check your identify , a good quality photocopy of your passport or your visa should be enough . 
  but the real advice would be to check with the embassy of your country , because they are the one who should know how this actually works . 
  i do n't see where i 've mentionned neo-nazi , but anyway . 
  and again , i 'm speaking from personnal experience which i admit , one should not rely on for deciding what kind of attitude is best . 
  which is why i adviced to check with his embassy . 
  oh and , by the way , keeping a photocopy of your passport on you and keeping the real one in the hotel is standard advice for people travelling . 
  because , well , if you lose your passport , you 're in a bad situation . 
  it 's usually for the famous opening line . 
  i 've never seen it discussed from any other point of view on this sub . 
  really ? 
  i thought baltika was pretty decent , in the `` shitty beers '' category . 
  better than heinekein or carlsberg , for example . 
  yes , listen to that guy . 
  as pretty as those covers are ( and they are ) , none of them say `` mystery '' of `` thriller '' . 
  it 's ... too neat . 
  in my opinion , it 's the other way around . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm just finishing my first novel . 
  i have never been published , wheter it 's traditionnally or self-publishing ), 
  with traditionnal publishing , you just have to send your manuscript and once it 's accepted ( which is the hard part , granted ) , your publishing house should take care of most of the work : editing , formatting , distribution and marketing . 
  whereas with self-publishing , unless you have a ton of money to pay people to do it , you have to do all that by yourself . 
  you have to make sure your book does n't have any typo , you have to make a nice cover , you have to publish on all the plateforms available , you have to do all your marketing ... 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's actually much harder to self-publish - if you want to achieve any sucess , that is : of course , you can upload the first piece of crap you wrote during a drunken stupor and upload it in 10 minutes on amazon . 
  it will never sell a single copy , but you can - . 
  yep , i agree . 
  i 'm actually amazed that the sub seems to be better since it became default . 
  really cool . 
  i really enjoy le carr\u00e9 ( i 'm currently reading `` a small town in germany '' ) , but he has written quite a lot of books . 
  what are your favourite ?
