  it could work . 
  r/games has even more suscribers than r/books and works fairly well , thanks to its active mods . 
  r/books does n't have to be like r/gaming . 
  how do you read 6 books at the same time ? 
  i tried reading two books at the same time ( a fiction and a non-fiction one ) , and i could n't do it . 
  source ? 
  racial statistics are forbidden in france , so apart from unreliable polls i do n't know how you can support that statement . 
  if you have nothing to back up a borderline racist affirmation , you shut the fuck up . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  oh , fair enough . 
  well , the burden of proof is not on me . 
  the other guy is emitting a highly questionnable affirmation , he 's the one who should back it up with some data . 
  and yes , if he has absolutely no data to support his highly questionnable affirmation ( and i suspect he does n't ) , he should shut up . 
  * baguette *, 
  when someone ask , i actually say `` 2 meters and 4 centimeters '' , because i live in a civilized country . 
  ( ps : this a joke . 
  do n't get all patriotic on my ass ), 
  we fought with baguettes at agincourt ? 
  no matter those damn rosbeefs beat the crap out of us !, 
  muslim is a religion , french is a nationality . 
  you can be both , dumbfuck . 
  please do n't tell me you 're a french . 
  and no , french is not an ethnicity and never has been . 
  open a history book . 
  biology is completely irrelevent in the french concept of nation and nationality . 
  my friend whose parents emigrated from spain during franco 's dictature and my other friend whose grandparents came from algeria to help rebuild the country after wwii are as much french as i am . 
  stay in your laboratory . 
  and again , you 're speaking as if french and muslim were two mutually exclusive things . 
  when you make that kind of mistake , how can we even talk about it ? 
   well do you honestly believe islamism is compatible with french constitution, 
  firstly , there is not a single `` islamism '' . 
  it 's a religion extremly wide , that is practiced in very different ways depending of the geographical area , the ehtnicity , the age of the personn , the culture . 
  so you can not say that islamism as a whole is or is n't compatible with the french constitution . 
  it 's actually very simple : there are laws in france . 
  if something in the islam is against french laws , then it 's forbidden . 
  there , end of story . 
  france has very strict laws to ensure separation between state and religion . 
  that means that a religion can not intervene in the affairs of the state , but that also means that the state guarantees the free exercise of religion . 
  as long as they are not transgressing any laws , they can do whatever the fuck they want . 
   what are the french people if they ca n't have the protection under their own constitution ? 
  what the hell is that supposed to mean ? 
   all you need is a muslim majority led by islamists and you lose the control of your nation through the legal constitutional way . 
  that 's so unrealistic and far-fetched , the only thing you 're proving me by saying this is how little you know about this issue ( at least regarding france ) . 
  do n't believe the picture foreign medias are showing you about france , the truth is very far from this . 
   is being muslim and french mutually exclusive things ? 
  no it 's not . 
   should it ? 
  no it should not . 
  that would be against every value of the french republic , and it 's those values that makes someone a french person , much more than haplotypes . 
  [ look at the `` definition of nationhood '' part . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ernest_renan ), 
  except that you 're mixing muslim majority with islamic majority . 
  i can assure you that the overwhelming majority of french muslims do n't want an ... islamic government or a sharia law in france . 
  frankly , even mentionning it is ridiculous . 
  among the soldiers that an islamist murdered last year in toulouse were several muslims . 
  i 'm sorry , but reality is more complicated than `` you guys need a new charles martel to get rid of the maures '' . 
  raskolnikov 's dream of the horse getting beaten to death in `` crime and chatiment '' . 
  same in france , popcorn goes with sugar . 
  from my first draft , not much . 
  but from my first idea ... oh my god , it 's really two completely different stories . 
  yes for the first one , but the `` certificat d'\u00e9tude '' is simply an old diploma ( similar to today 's `` brevet '' ) that is only mentionned by old people . 
  basically , if you did n't have a lot of money you would not gor further in your studies than the certificat d'\u00e9tudes , and you would start working . 
  i 've never seen this term used to mention the fact that someone has n't graduated . 
  of course but ... well , it 's not really meant to say `` i have nothing '' because at the time that expression was used , the certificat d'\u00e9tudes was the best diploma most people could have . 
  when you could n't afford university , that was the highest diploma . 
  i do n't know , i admit it 's a subtle difference and i may be wrong . 
  but anyway , as that `` expression '' is less and less employed nowadays ( and never by people of less than 40 ) , it 's not really relevant . 
  top ten posts right now , only two about world war two . 
  stop complaining . 
  if you are interested by a physical version , here 's a [ 10 000 words dictionnary ] ( http://www.amazon.com/russian-learners-dictionary-words-frequency/dp/0415137926 ) classified by frequency order . 
  well , the difference is that war and peace is a single book . 
  sometimes separated for convenience , but it was thought and was written as a single book . 
  it 's not the case for a song of ice and fire . 
  i found war and peace quite easy to read , the style is not too hard and it 's not as much philosophy-packed as other russian literature 's books . 
  the difficulty is mostly in the length of the book and the number of characters . 
  so any asoiaf reader should be able to read war and peace , 
  damn , that joke does n't work in my language . 
  i 'm not sure , but that * may * have something to do with the fact that photography did n't exist before the end of the xixth century , and that this subreddit is mainly dedicated to photographs . 
  ( oh , and i love the `` as someone majoring in history '' : what that has to do with your comment ? 
  does someone need to major in history in order to complain about the number of wwii related pictures ? ), 
  you do know that there are other subreddits that are not about pictures and where you 'll be able to discuss history in a much deeper way , right ? 
  stuff like / r/history or / r/askhistorians . 
  and what 's wrong with roman numerals ? 
  the sentence implies that , by definition , a friend can not be a jap . 
  so yeah , it 's racist . 
  also , `` it is war '' is the weakest argument you can possibly imagine . 
  ah ah , well done , the second dumbest argument . 
  `` you have n't been to war , you ca n't talk about war '' . 
  did you think about the fact that politics , not military , decide when , where and how soldiers go to war ? 
  and so that , of course , you do n't need to have experienced war to discuss war ? 
  or maybe you live in some military-lead dictatorship . 
  if that 's the case , sorry about that . 
  i am amazed by the number of wallet projects available out there . 
  anyone know the reasons behind this ... hmm ... wallet rush ? 
  actually , i always prefer to shoot him through the windshield with the shotgun . 
  the blood splash on the windshield and the body simply falling when you open the door is my joy . 
  yeah but , it seems something fairly recent . 
  and it 's always the same type of minimalistic wallet . 
  or maybe i 've just started to pay attention . 
  okay , i tried that yesterday and ... it was like drinking a beer , but in a shower .
