  ( apart from the classics `` the spy who came in from the cold '' and the `` tinker tailor soldier spy '' trilogy ), 
  walk . 
  paris is n't that big , and you can see most of the sights simply by walking around . 
  i think it 's the best way to experience the city . 
  it 's pretty well known that picasso , as much of a great artist he was , we also a huge douche . 
  it 's not the same pronounciation . 
  '' \u0441\u0438\u0441 '' is much softer , whereas '' \u0446 '' is harder . 
  in france at least , this legislation is a matter of pure pragmatism : the homosexual population is overall more contaminated by hiv than the heterosexual population , therefore they are a * population \u00e0 risque * ( risky population ) and are forbidden from donating . 
  i still think that legislation is stupid ( because a clean gay personn can still lie about their sexual orientation in order to give blood , and because blood are anyway tested a dozen times before being allowed into other people 's bodies ) , but it 's really not the same as forbidding gay propaganda . 
  no it is n't . 
  at least not in france , where blood donation is completely anonymous . 
  but i guess it may help that in france , hiv test are also free and anonymous so nobody needs to cheat in order to get a hiv test . 
  ( sorry if this post sounds a lot like `` go france \u00a7 \u00a7 '' but it 's the only country in which i know the legislation on this topic fairly decently ), 
  awesome idea !, 
  i wanted to do the same with s.t.a.l.k.e.r , but it sounds even better with skyrim ( because , more text ) . 
  can you specify the language during the installation , or do you have to buy a specific version ? 
  absolutely . 
  i 'd say that the intentions are good , but it 's discrimination nevertheless . 
  wow , that 's quite impressive . 
  thanks for the discovery . 
  yeah ... the general consensus is that la d\u00e9fense is a digusting piece of garbage , and even people who think it 's not bad are definitely not proud of it . 
  as for someone because more proud of it than the eiffel tower or the arc de triomphe ... if someone ever said that , it was a joke . 
  it can only be that . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  ( not that i do n't trust you , but i would be really interested in reading more about that ), 
  nice , thanks for the tip . 
  have you been happy for most of those 19 years ? 
  because , if these maps are to be believed , living in russia pretty much means you want to kill yourself on a daily basis . 
   everyone gets writer 's block, 
  i know this is going to come out as condescending , but no . 
  i 've never had writer 's block in the sense that i always know what i want to write . 
  and , if my notebook full of ideas is to be trusted , i 'll probably never get writer 's block . 
  i struggle about how to write something , but not about what to write . 
  i guess it 's a bit of a grey area there , but the question itself is based on a false interpretation of a current event . 
  i 'm merely trying to give a better context . 
  yeah , i saw a video of a nagant revolver being fired with a supressor , and it sounds like the whispers of the movies . 
  really , really quiet . 
  and the english and the americans bombed the shit out of german cities for the sole purpose of lowering morale by killing civilans . 
  no just side . 
  how old are you ? 
  the european union is n't about accepting only rich countries . 
  in fact , that would be the contrary of what the european union is trying to accomplish . 
  i 'm sure you can find those kind of dictionnaries legally and for free . 
  it 's not automatic , but after 5 years in the foreign legion you are eligible for the french citizenship . 
  it 's highly unlikely you 'll get wounded in combat , so i would n't count too much on that if i were you . 
  i think you 've had a very biased experience . 
  french people complain about france all the time . 
  but not when they 're around foreigners . 
  ( and anyone who said the resistance was the biggest reason the nazis fell was an idiot . 
  i find it hard to believe several people told you that seriously . ), 
  my god yes . 
  and the overall feeling of that gun was amazing . 
  really really cool . 
  so i assume you 're ukrainian ? 
  ah ah ah , that 's a pretty awesome story . 
  so you have both russian and belgium nationality ? 
  i enjoyed `` sally lockhart '' when i was a teenager , but it was clearly inferior to his dark materials . 
  does it implies that all the time ? 
  i 've heard it a lot , and it seemed quite neutral in a lot of situations . 
  and what would be a word for a non-reluctant acceptance ? 
  yes , if used , `` feuk '' for a cop is n't widely used . 
  you will need a grammar book to learn russian grammar . 
  period . 
  reading books can certainly make it easier to remember the different uses of cases , but there is no way you can intuitiuvely learn from scratch russian grammar . 
  if you are n't ready to get into a grammar book ( even just for having a basic understanding of what the different cases do and how they 're conjugated ) , do n't even bother learning russian . 
  how would killing stalin prevent the soviet union ? 
  would you have that famous reddit post of a guy showing how rommel was n't the great general everyone now think he was ? 
  honestly , it does n't even make sense to me . 
  you should explain to your kid that the `` forces hugs '' are a matter of being polite , and that it has nothing to do with someone forcingly touching your body . 
  the `` forces hugs '' are about setting social conventions , and i 'm pretty sure that if you 're not too much of a shitty parent you can explain your kids the difference between that and sexual assault . 
  to be honest , the author of this article is talking strictly about the growth population , whereas the book seems to be discussing the fate of russia on a much more global scale . 
  it seems like they 're not even talking about the same thing . 
  when the germans captured the city of [ novgorod ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veliky_novgorod ) , one of the most important historical place in russia , they sysmetically destroyed every building . 
  according to wikipedia `` out of 2,536 stone buildings , fewer than forty remained standing '' . 
  combined with a pro-3310 circlejerk . 
  really nice . 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but this map is n't a scientifical work that was done with the goal of being as accurate as possible . 
  it 's a joke done with paint in 2 minutes and yes , `` terrorists '' in the south-west refers to basque secionnists . 
  well now that you saw that you 're wrong , delete it or at least correct yourself in the main post . 
  i admit i 've never understood the hype around this author . 
  i read the first book of the millenium trilogy and though i enjoyed it , it was a pretty standard noir crime book with a bit of high-tech on top of it . 
  good book , but nothing amazing . 
  thank you for taking the time to write this , it was very interesting . 
  i 'd say dostoievski is also a must-read regarding characters construction . 
  i do n't know if it exists in english , but i know that the notes that dostoievski wrote in order to write `` idiot '' have been published . 
  it must be pretty interesting . 
  '' \u00c9normit\u00e9 '' sounds absolutely ridiculous in french . 
  fun fact : if you think any military sucess of a large scale can be traced down to a simple , very small fact like `` low quality rations '' , you 're most probably wrong . 
  and it 's nice to read something that goes against the rommel-is-amazing circlejerk . 
  you ... you ... actually use the words `` fuck '' and `` shit '' while speaking french ?? 
  i really do n't understand why people from qu\u00e9bec have the reputation of having a `` cleaner '' french than in france . 
  that 's ... not true . 
  french state recognizes the existence of religion , it just says that religion must no interfere in the matters of the state . 
  freedom of religion is stated in the french constitution . 
  [ list of countries by alcohol consumption ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption ), 
  look more precisely at the spirit consumption , which in russia is mostly vodka . 
  yes , russians do drink a lot , and they do drink a lot of vodka . 
  yes , i 've especially seen lots of russian girls not drinking - or at least claiming not to drink - vodka . 
  well done sir , you honor this subreddit . 
  30 hours a week ?
