  not better than drinking it in a chair , and sure not better than drinking it in a pub with some friends . 
  what did i miss ? 
  what 's so awesome about this ? 
  je demande l'instauration d'un flair `` chocolatine '' !, 
  because when it 's good , it 's one of the greatest feelings on earth , no doubt . 
  but in order for it to be good , you have to work on it . 
  yes , i agree . 
  that law is stupid and worrying , but russian society is very different from american society , and the idea that teaching evolution will be prosecuted is ridiculous . 
  everybody mentionned the hermitage and of course you should see it , but i also highly recommend you a visit of the russian museum . 
  it 's rather small ( everything can be seen in about two hours ) , very close to nevski prospekt , it 's only russian artists and there are several amazing paintings and icons . 
  the ninth wave and the knight at the crossroads especially are ... wow . 
  you 're a linguist but you hate some languages ? 
  ( actually , your remark made me laugh : my girlfriend , who 's russian , has basically the same opinion about my native language - french - , saying it `` sounds like throwing up '' . 
  and i was about to ask if all russians had the same opinion about french , until i remembered how many russian girls - and some guys - were learning french at the university where i was studying in petersburg ) . 
  ah ah , really ? 
  that 's * hilarious * !, 
  ( this is a joke . 
  i do n't speak japanese , and have therefore no idea of what you just said ), 
  no it 's not . 
  taking a good photo is much much more than simply `` adjusting a lens '' , especially with those old cameras . 
  that guy was a very good photographer and he was at the right place and the right time . 
  yes , it 's a very good photograph , regardless of being at the right place and right time ( which he was ) . 
  the light is perfect ( the black background give the all thing a `` theater '' style that 's really impressive ) , the picture is totally clear ( which proves he had very good skills in order to capture so clearly such an unexpected moment ) , the expressions of the people clearly visible . 
  maybe the composition is n't the best , but anyway the photographer clearly had some skill that goes beyond `` being at the right place at the right time '' . 
  speaking of american actresses speaking french ... 
  jodie foster speaks perfect french , to the point where she actually make the dubbing of her movies in french herself . 
  [ jodie foster speaking french ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnggavkc02i ) ( she starts speaking at 00:45 ) . 
  yes , i 've already seen it . 
  still made me laugh . 
  ( any reason why you went trough my profile history ? ), 
  i accept that reason . 
  just out of curiosity , what exactly did he do wrong ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the info . 
  good call . 
  most people . 
  there 's been two horribly bloody war there , if you were alive in the last two decades and are even a little interested in what 's happening in the world , you should know where chechnya is . 
  yeah , we 're going to need a source on that . 
  seems highly unlikely . 
  it 's actually amazing how much longer you can hold when you relax . 
  on the other hand , a lot of africans actually get killed when dropped in african traffic . 
  much more than in europe , for instance . 
  same goes for asia . 
  there is no star next to his name , that means that , at worst , he edited it a few minutes after he wrote it ( and so , a few hours before you answered it ), 
  why ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  hopefully , by the time more popular publishing companies will be interested by your work , you will have written something else ( but of equal value ) that you 'll be able to present them . 
  and why did i say `` of equal value '' ? 
  hopefully by the time more popular publishing companies will be interested by your work , you will have written something else that is way better . 
  i started writing again this week !, 
  after nearly a year of doing nothing !, 
  ( i had good reasons , but still ) . 
  so , in the last four days , i never wrote less than 700 words a day . 
  my goal for next week is to keep that rate of at least 700 words a day . 
  my motivation is that , at that rate , the first draft of my novel will be finished in less than two months . 
  or maybe she 's living in america but she 's also french . 
  yes , it 's possible !, 
  i 've noticed that russian women are extremly shy with swear words . 
  it 's actually quite funny . 
  i do n't really understand what 's the problem . 
  yes , some people care more about telling a story than about writing in itself . 
  as long as they write decently ( so , as long as they do n't entirely negligate writing ) , what 's wrong with that ? 
  edit : alright , i read the article and it makes more sense in context . 
  and yep , i agree with the guy . 
  even from a purely rationnal point of view , that 's stupid . 
  in my country at least , older people tend to spend more money than younger ones , so you should actually especially take care of them . 
  that looks amazing . 
  does the bacon holds well , or do you have to eat it quickly ? 
  ( granted , it 's a stupid question , why would you wait before eating it ? ), 
  a good way to change your way of looking at things would be to start studying history . 
  you would see that change , good or bad change , does n't happen in a matter of months , it 's a process that takes decades or even centuries . 
  arab spring was the start of something that could eventually become good . 
  expecting the situation to become great at once is being painfully naive . 
  i think learning any language by oneself is tremendously hard . 
  i 'm doing it right now for russian quite easily , but only because i 've already taken lessons and because i know that in a few months ( september ) i 'll be taking lessons again . 
  is this working for you ? 
  i mean , have you ever finished a significant piece of writing using this method ? 
  who the hell `` glorifies as an amazing book '' fifty shade of grey ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most people who read and enjoyed this book easily recognize that it 's far from being great literature . 
  and also do n't care about that . 
  that 's ... not a bad idea . 
  i 'll remember . 
  i guess you can just ignore them . 
  honestly , the only problem i have with this book is people reading it because `` everyone is talking about it '' and then saying how terrible it is . 
  of course !, 
  you knew it would be terrible , you were perfectly aware of what the book was and how bad it was going to be , and yet you bought it just for the sake of saying `` i read it and it 's crap '' . 
  if people enjoyed it well , good for them . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  you can just pick up the book and read one or two pages to see how bad it is . 
  there 's absolutely no need to read the entire book . 
  no , my opinion is that those people are simply ashamed of what they read , and try to cover what is a guilty pleasure with critisiscm . 
  it 's not if you plan on reading french novels one day . 
  contrary to what goodintent says , pass\u00e9 simple is simple widely used in literary texts , even modern ones . 
  pass\u00e9 simple is actually very , very used in literary texts , including modern ones . 
  ( source : i 'm a native speaker and read a shitload of french literature ), 
  i 'm amazed at the level of racism in / r/worldnews ( by that , i mean that are you are getting downvoted for providing a thoughtful answer whereas the blatant racist posts are upvoted to the top . 
  truly amazing ), 
  for example , it 's extremly hard to talk politics with a russian because , in 99 % of the cases , it 's going to end up with `` you 're not russian , you ca n't understand '' . 
  russians tend to think they 're this special people , not europeans and not asians either ( and you know what ? 
  i would agree with that ) , and because they 're special , nobody can judge them or their actions .
