  one might argue that in afghanistan they were used more in order to prevent spilling `` french '' blood , but that does n't qualify them as `` elite '' . 
  * small mistake , modified, 
  edit : among the 89 french soldiers killed in afghanistan , 12 were legionnaires ( including one french officer ) . 
  so even that argument of legionnaires being used a lot to prevent french getting killed is n't valid . 
  right yes , of course i meant 2\u00e8me rep. 13\u00e8me rdp are a very special type of special forces , and they are definitely not ffl ( i love the idea of that regiment actually , full-on specialized in intelligence gathering behind ennemy lines . 
  no shock actions , no sabotage or assassinations , just go deep in ennemy territory , get intel , get out ), 
  but that idea of `` second-tier special forces '' ( also called the `` second circle '' ) is , at best an informal thing , at worse something that does n't exist anymore . 
  the only `` real '' special forces are the one in the cos. 
  why should you be sorry ? 
  the actions of that guy , and especially the fact is doing press work while wearing a military uniform and without any press markings , put every single journalist on the field in danger . 
  you 're perfectly right and at no point did i wish death on that guy . 
  i was just pointing out that he 's not just being a danger for himself : by his actions , he 's putting every journalists in the war area in danger as well . 
  ukraine has already been the most dangerous place for journalist this year . 
  that 's wrong and frankly , kinda stupid . 
  i 've never heard a french personn complaining or even not being interested by a foreigner learning french . 
  r/french is a very active subreddit for example . 
  source : am french . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not , but the `` french are assholes '' stereorypes is very powerful . 
  out of curiosity , in which city are you living ? 
  we have the word `` manoir '' but yeah , it 's not very much used nowadays . 
  you were in moscow and complained about lack of culture ? 
  come on . 
  l\u00e0 il a une plus grosse marge de manoeuvre ), 
  ( disclaimer : je n'ai pas - encore - lu l'article ), 
  edit : j' ai lu l'article . 
  to be honest , and at least on reddit , i feel that recently , everytime someone use the `` french cowards blablabla '' joke , there 's someone to post this stupid statistic `` france has the best military record of all time '' and to mention how amazing we are . 
  so i feel like balance has been brought back by bad histories . 
  you 've always wondered ? 
  of course you should mentionn that you speak languages . 
  apparently not in a dedicated section , but it would be really stupid to omit that . 
  but it 's not the same thing , is it ? 
  they are not planning to create a unit dedicated to foreigners , but to allow foreigners in the `` normal '' army . 
  just like in the usa , if i understood right . 
  out of curiosity , are you of russian ethnicity ? 
  i had a latvian roomate while studying in petersburg and ... well , let 's say he did n't carry russians in his heart . 
  and i know there 's a long and usually not very happy history between the two countries and that russian living in latvia tend not to speak latvian . 
  so i 'm curious to know about your experience . 
  thank you , that was a very interesting insight . 
  oh , someone think like me !, 
  i read ( read ? 
  i devoured ) war and peace when i was in high-school and i think , just because i 'm generally a big reader , no one believed me when i told them that it 's not a very hard book to read : the style is very accessible and i mean , it talks about love , war , secret societies , honor ... it 's all those cool universal themes in the awesome context of the napoleonic war . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  in contrast , i finished `` daemons '' by dostoievski recently and it 's a much harder read that i would not recommend to anyone who 's not used to that kind of book . 
  but war and peace is definitly accessible ( and awesome ) . 
  in my opinion , charlie hebdo is kind of like groland ( a french satirical tv show ) : they do lots of stuff , and most of it is not that good , but sometimes , sometimes , there is something hilarious . 
  french * gendarmes * are military . 
  french police are not . 
  and the people on this picture are police . 
  what 's wrong with platzkart ? 
  i never did the transsiberian but i 've done 20 hours journeys by train in russia , and the worst problem i 've ever had was a guy snoring like hell . 
  this kind of thing can happen anywhere . 
  i 've spent six months in saint-petersburg and corrupt cops aside ( which you will never see as a tourist because they only affect russians and people outside the center ) , the city is as safe as any european city . 
  the whole article is a bit ridiculous in that area , with the guy making it look like petersburg is a somewhat more dangerous city than the rest of europe . 
  no it 's not , same thing for moscow : the two capitals of russia are very safe . 
  once you 're out of those two cities it may be a different story though . 
  yes actually , that 's unfortunaly a very good point ... 
  yeah , never seen that either . 
  i think you guys are a bit precious indeed , 
  etna islamique = etat islamique ( isis , the terrorist group that it spreading chaos in syria and iraq ), 
  that 's ... actually a good idea i never thought about . 
  my first book will never be published too . 
  i loved and still love the idea of the book , but making an historical whodunit as a first work was way too ambitious , and making it good would require an almost complete rewrite . 
  but i admit i like the idea of printing it just to have it . 
  for the archives , 
  thanks for the thought !, 
  love it . 
  i 've done a little work of geolocating a convoy of apcs that drove through belgorod yesterday . 
  i could n't find the destination of the convoy , but it seemed to come from a russian base camp that have seen rising activity in the last few days . 
  ah ah i thought the same thing . 
  and now i want to know what that language is that i can apparently read . 
  i 'm guessing polish , but not entirely sure . 
  among all the information outlets controlled by the kremlin , rbth has always been the most ... okay . 
  it looks far more normal than the craziness of rt or voice of russian/sputnik . 
  i 'm not even a big fan of tatoos in general but fuck , this looks incredible . 
  hmm , may not have been perfectly clear , i added a caption :, 
   picture of a russian soldier from mulino , likely from 288th artillery brigade or 6th tank brigade , posing in a forest close to the ukrainian border, 
  ( also , he 's probably not chinese ), 
  the translation is actually slightly wrong , it 's more, 
   nato announced that the russians were about to invade ukraine . 
  but , according to french intelligence , there * was * nothing to corroborate this hypothesis, 
  he 's not talking of the present situation , but about last summer . 
  may be a detail , but nevertheless . 
  do you have any idea how long boko-haram has been able to wreak havoc in nigeria before there was any serious response ? 
  and that response came mostly from chad . 
  the nigerian army has been shamefully bad and terribly corrupt in this whole thing . 
  if you had actually studied the ussr for 20 years , you would not said crap like `` they were worse than nazies \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 '' . 
  not being it is n't true ( far from being amazing people , political commissars did n't murder 6 million people ) , but because an actual researcher would never make that kind of stupid compareason . 
  i 'm very curious to know what you mean about somerset maugham . 
  i really really enjoy his work , `` the moon and sixpence '' is probably one of the most amazing books i 've read . 
  and his short stories are also really enjoyable . 
  of course i can understand that someone would not like it , but i wonder what is that `` particular state of mind '' you are talking about . 
  or , you know , just get rid of it for short visits . 
  like 90 % of the other countries . 
  ( yes , that statistic is made up ), 
  yeah , i do n't know what will be the comment underneath , but this photo is clearly going to be in some history books . 
  okay , i see the reactions here and i ca n't help but wonder :, 
  do you actually believe that the russian 's army has not been involved in ukraine ? 
  do you actually believe all the russians in ukraine are volunteers , and all the equipement used by the separatists were captured to the ukrainian army ? 
  do you really believe that the counter-offensive of august 2014 and the capture of debalstvo was done only by the separatists without any outside help ? 
  to be honest , you 're avoiding the question .
