  [ english source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communes_of_france#miscellaneous_facts ), 
  [ second source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_french_villages_destroyed_in_world_war_i ) ( that somebody already mentionned , my bad ), 
  you present as a fact something that is , for now , only suppositions . 
  it does n't , simply for the huge mistake that finland did not beat the soviet union . 
  you 're just as biased as he is . 
  putin may have done the good thing of ending the reign of the oligarchs . 
  but he did n't sucessfully built russia 's economy as much as he profited from the raise of the oil prices . 
  yep , i agree . 
  and i did n't mean personnal gain . 
  i meant that he was not the responsible of the economic developement , that he was simply there at the right time , when the oil prices rose . 
  awesome !, 
  can duolingo still be useful of someone of an intermediate level , or is it just for beginners ? 
  great news anyway . 
  ah yes , the `` international obvservers '' from far right parties from all over europe . 
  so ironic to pretend fighting fascism and inviting the people who are the closest in europe with that ideology . 
  also yeah , organizing such a huge thing as an independance referendum in three weeks in the middle of political chaos is indeed a problem . 
  the wto is n't supposed ( though it does ) to `` give '' anything to anyone . 
  it 's supposed to make free trade easier which , in the long term and in theory , makes everyone richer . 
  but well , that quote that `` russia 's withdrawal from the wto will hit hard many countries in europe and the unites states '' is laughable . 
  it may hit some european and american firms , but certainly not entire countries , and it hurt russia much more ( if it becomes harder again to export to russia ) . 
  it really looks like two different flags put together . 
  how is it a `` good play '' if it comes from the assumption of a turkish newspaper ? 
  the article linked here does n't mention anything about the governement using that rethoric , which makes this conversation ( and this whole thread ) pretty much useless . 
  the french and belgium bomb disposal teams are very busy . 
  discovering old explosives from both world war happens all the time , it 's just very rare that they actually explode . 
  he does n't know shit . 
  there are some very good universities in france , the thing is you have to pick carefully . 
  but saying that all universities are `` run down shit holes '' is fucking stupid , and completely wrong . 
  i currently study in one of those `` institute '' he mentionned ( institut d'etudes politiques ) , and have also studied language in a more classical university . 
  and well , that university was indeed shitty , but it 's definitely not the case of all of them . 
  i know absolutely nothing about angers , the city nor the university . 
  well , that book was on my `` to read '' list , not anymore . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  not that great , but not too bad either . 
  that ... actually looks really fun . 
  it 's a temporary governement . 
  the far right parties are doing shitty scores everywhere , they most likely wo n't be present in the new elected governement in may . 
  why try to scare everybody when everybody knows they wo n't actually hold any power ? 
  i never understood russian ultra nationalists . 
  considering the history of the country , `` russia for russians '' makes no sense whatsoever . 
  unless of course those ultra-nationalists are ready to give up the majority of the russian territory , but i do n't think that 's the case ... 
  the only thing that makes less sense than russian ultra-nationalists are russian neo-nazis . 
  but in that case it 's so stupid it 's actually funny . 
  [ house russia pays it 's debt , but it takes them more than a hundred years ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/emprunt_russe ) . 
  ( sorry for the french link , the wikipedia page does n't exist in any other languages ), 
  why please , explain me . 
   that is the job of your psychologist . 
  ooooohh you burned me !, 
  so hardcore dude . 
  how the fuck can something like this be legal in a modern democracy ? 
  that 's ... insane . 
  the topic interests me too , would you know of any articles ( even long , research articles ) about it ? 
  to their credit , they came very close to capturing moscow . 
  it 's of course impossible to say if that would have dramatically change the outcome of the war , but it probably would have make it harder for the soviets to win . 
  moreover ( though i 'm not sure of this ) , i do n't think the soviets had relocated the majority of their factories by the time of the battle of moscow . 
  labelling the battle of moscow as a `` symbolic battle '' looks a lot like bad history to me . 
  frankly , i do n't think anybody in russia seriously believe that . 
  not being allowed to participate in political campaigns and not being able to participate in any political activities is a pretty huge difference . 
  and it 's really not to the state to decide which are the `` good ngo '' who are doing good research , and which are the bad ones . 
  there is , of course , the language issue . 
  `` foreign agent '' is not a neutral term . 
  the russian state is basically declaring those organizations are ennemies . 
  moreover , those `` foreign agents '' can not do any `` political '' activities , a loose term that can apply to anything . 
  ngo 's fighting corruption for example are considered as doing political activities . 
  that map makes me feel good for central europe . 
  go poland and other central europeans countries !, 
  on the other hands , the baltic countries got hit pretty bad . 
  ah ah ah , they actually say `` russia today , \u0432\u0430\u0448 \u043a\u0430\u043d\u0430\u043b ! '', 
  ( `` your channel '' ) . 
  they claim to be , at least . 
  especially since russia today is exclusively for non-russian speakers . 
  so those guards had no idea that those `` journalists '' were on their side . 
  is he saying he 's going to send observers , or he already has ? 
  what 's your source for the second photo ? 
  because fuck that 's looks just like the little green men . 
  the vehicle plate seems to be of luhansk . 
  but is he talking of russian observers , or of an eventual mission of the oecd ( as the title of the video seems to suggest ) ? 
  to be honest , the sanctions are n't what 's doing the most ill to russia 's economy . 
  it 's the fact that investors are currently shitting themselves and taking all their capital outside of russia . 
  this fact is going to have much more serious consequences on russia than freezing the assets of a few russian politicians . 
  if you start thinking that such blatant and bullshit propaganda as the one shown in the video above is actually the point of view of most ukrainians , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  `` west bad , nazi . 
  east good , fought for soviet union '' . 
  seriously ? 
  also , i always find it interesting how russia claims to fight fascism but openly interact with all far-right european parties . 
  finally , that russians , citizens of a multi-ethnic country for centuries , could actually say stuff like `` oh yeah , western and eastern ukrainians are so different , the country should be partionned '' simply amazes me . 
  while being indeed pretty different , i 'm fairly sure eastern and western ukrainians are closer than ethnic russians and chechenyans , for example . 
  yes , i 'm sure every western ukrainian greet each other by doing the nazi salute . 
  you do know that there are neo-nazis in germany too , right ? 
  hmm , no . 
  neo nazi implies modern political movements which praise the nazi ideology . 
  that 's it . 
  they are neo-nazis , just like the white supremascist in the usa are neo-nazi and just like the `` russian national unity '' is a neo-nazi party . 
  trying to imply that neo nazis are n't real nazis but just young people with a `` poor understanding of history '' is misleading , and i use that term in order to keep the conversation civil . 
  as for members of svoboda being in the government , yeah , that sucks . 
  good thing there should be a presidential election in a month and after they 'll probably get the fuck out since the polls always credit them with terrible scores like 2 or 3 % . 
  still no chances of having the text in their original versions ? 
  great !, 
  i would love 20 000 lieues sous les mers in french ( because that 's my native language ) and crime and punishement in russian ( because russian just looks beautiful ), 
  i sure hope they would .
