most of the educated turks do n't vote for denk , we have many of those too . 
  but they are mostly silent , it 's not funny when your culture causes so much shame, 
  you answered it your self . 
  freedom . 
  that 's why we are rich and powerful and they are poor and weak ( lots of other factors including colonialism etc , but in the end it is all based on individual freedom ), 
  dunno about fascist but you are really delusional if you think countries like iran or cuba are in any way better than norway or germany ... 
  you really do n't get it , do you ? 
  we were n't discussing it being ok or not , but the meaning of a word . 
  the dirty man is not ok , but he also is n't a pedo, 
  ok here is some context . . 
  i have small children , a man migrates into my neighbourhood and people gossip about him being a pedophile . . how am i supposed to know if the man actually is one or is just ogling the local teenagers in their summer outfits a bit too openly ? 
  when i was a child we would call those men just ` dirty old men ' and move on with our daily life ... 
  which one ? 
  zeus or quetzalcoatl ? 
  k , but if we start using it in that way , what word will we use for real pedophiles ??? 
  i am starting my yellow moon-and star ` sew on patches ' production line next monday , i bet i 'll make a fortune soon !, 
  we are pretty big for a small country yes , but if you saw that investment number ... that is not us , but mostly international investments that are executed from within the netherlands because of tax reasons . . so not all that economic power is our own ... 
  nato because they control the sea straights between the west and russia ... possible future eu member they already lost many years ago ... the tlaks have been stopped long ago , any remains are just for show , to not lose face, 
  those laws would never survive a check by the ` europees hof van justitie ' you can not be in the eu and make idiotic laws ... that is ( one of the many ) reasons that turkey never made it past aspirant member , even when they had a more pro europe government, 
  that ship had sailed around 2008 already ... . 
  where is jason bourne when we need him ? 
  bad education . 
  almost every turkish intellectual and international oriented person despises the guy ... unfortunately there are a lot of ignorant rural people in a country like turkey . 
  he is losing the turkish poll next month that is supposed to install him as a de facto dictator for life ... therefore he is going full retard asa tough leader to impress the voters who wouldn ; t normally vote for him , by creating a common enemy , the evil western world . 
  ( turks are very nationalistic ppl that like to run like sheep behind a strong leader ) so he does n't care if the rest of the world thinks he is an idiot , as long as it brings him towards his end goal , being a ` democratic ' chosen despot ... 
  this comment should have 1000 upvotes ... 
  i really wish people would learn the definition of pedophilia , as 99 % of the internet uses it for the wrong group of kids, 
  where originates this story about mary being so young from ? 
  i never heard it before, 
  i am pretty sure she touched it herself ... 
  everybody knows denmark is the capital of holland, 
  you make great cars , food and clothes . 
  italy is by far my favourite ` banana republic '  edit : oh and i forgot the coffee !, 
  i will tell you a secret : 20 year olds are among the most active rioters ... they are full of testosterone ( and alcohol ) , think they are invincible and want to act tough , to get respect among their equally brainwashed friends . 
  i would be more suprised if the dog had attacked a 40 year old . 
  40 year olds are wiser , they usually have a wife and kids and they do n't act like morons, 
  most of the dutch ( with turkish background ) protesters demonstrated peacefully but not all . 
  some were just rioting , like football hooligans , throwing stones and glas to the police and destroying things . . it 's those that dogs are get send on , that is the job of a police dog ... do n't act like the dogs attacked some innocent miss aygul ... 
  they did not arrest her , and never wanted to arrest her , they just prevented her from going to a place she was not welcome . 
  they first tried to solve this diplomatically for days , but since turkey started threatening long before this whole issue escalated , at some point the patience has run out , even our patience ( we are among the most civilized and patient people in the world , famous for our soft approach to conflicts , in fact that soft approach is sometimes criticized , we are too soft ... 
  so to provoke us this much , that we go to such steps as to evict an official from friendly nation , that means you really went way too far ) turkey violated many international rules by even sending her after being told she was not welcome and the consul even outright lied to our government that she was not coming . 
  and then they send two convoys , one with fakes , to try to sneak her in . 
  how pathetic can you be as a nation ... . btw i am not typing this for you because i already gave up on you , as you have been brainwashed by your own government and are beyond reasoning with , but maybe some other readers find it useful . 
  you ca n't be that thick ... . 
  it 's a huge country full if scary crazy religious people right at our border . 
  of course it affects us, 
  indonesia a secular country ? 
  lol that 's a good one . 
  and we are sick of erdolf shouting lies and insults to us !, 
  ( the dutch ), 
  a lot of those investments are foreign , but from dutch post box firms , for tax reasons ... 
  2,4 % of the people contributing 2,0 % of the gdp ? 
  that sounds as a net loss to me ( remember any other group will also include non productive children , so that is a non-factor ), 
  but most turks are better integrated . 
  i live in enschede ( lots of turks , from the textile industry of the past ) most turks here have jobs , keep to their own and their daughters do n't wear head scarves , they just look like dutch girls , except with darker hair . 
  you can only recognize them as turks because they are a bit loud when they have a party . 
  terrible wifi and no horizontal surface to play football ... no thanks, 
  not laird of roxburgh , selkirk and peebles ? 
  what about slytherin ? 
  well , at least its slightly better than azerty . . 
  i think that is the french one, 
  mine is a normal qwerty keyboard , from raptor gaming . 
  with british layout ( a few small differences compared to american or international ), 
  not on my keyboard . 
  my ^ is above the 6 next to the 1 i have ~ and @ ( with shift ), 
  haha same here . 
  i guess it must have one of those numpad codes you can use , ok , enough being lazy , i 'll look it up : check !, 
  \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 it ; s alt-248 \u00b0 and you have to keep pressing the alt key and have numlock on . 
   \u00b0 how do i make that celcius \u00b0 ? 
  i have never been able to figure that out , although i am european myself . 
  that reminds me i have n't checked the webcomic in months , thanks !, 
  i usually read them in larger batches because updates are less frequent these days . 
  same here , including the 40 years !, 
  i think it ; s some childrens fruit drink and we are too old to have seen it in our youth . 
  but you probably remember tjolk !, 
  i am from the netherlands and san pellegrinno actually is the first thing i associcate with italy in the soft drink market . 
  maybe they sell more out of italy than actually inside the country ? 
  go import it yourself and start a webshop ... if it 's so much better money will roll in !, 
  edit : on second thought a webshop is a bad idea , you can ; t mail drinks economically . . but the general idea of importing still should be fruitfull, 
  why did you spell bollocks with so many **** s ? 
  i love the limonata , it ; s is very sour , basically tastes like raw lemon juice with some water . 
  i do n't think its all marketing , it really is different from the ` normal ' soft drink major brands, 
  i am dutch , but i have never in my lifetime ( 40 years ) bought or drunk any wicky , whatever that may be ... 
  in the netherlands its all coke and pepsi and every brand associated with those , plus cheap knock offs from local or budget brands . 
  i can ; t even think of any typical dutch soft drink . 
  we just love to import stuff . 
  it 's about tradition , they drink white wine , but at different times / occasions . 
  not with meat like in this picture . 
  not much , i have been in rome several times in the past 10 years , the city is a mess !, 
  as you wish ... ashiik\u00e9 t\u02bc\u00f3\u00f3 diigis l\u00e9i\u02bc t\u00f3\u0142ikan\u00ed \u0142a\u02bc \u00e1diiln\u00ed\u00ed\u0142 d\u00f3\u00f3 nihaa nahidoonih n\u00edigo yee hodeez\u02bc\u0105\u0301 jin\u00ed . 
  its some paper we pack our herrings in , that we eat under the windmills , wearing our clogs . 
  at least you have plenty of guns to shoot down those pesky bats !!, 
  over here we only have old newspapers to swat them :(, 
  i hope it is at least a bit dry heat . . we call it unbearable here when it goes over 30 , but we always have a lot of humidity , which makes it worse, 
  that is the joke . . the rest of europe is in 30 + celsius ( heatwave ) and the fins are having their ` heatwave ' ( very low temp ), 
  somebody with that much self-knowledge is pretty smart !, 
  that is the joke . . for a fin anything between 10 and 20 is hot, 
  how do you type the \u00b0 sign on an american or european keyboard ? 
  ( i just copied it from your post , can ; t make it on my own ), 
  i am dutch and i have been to finland once , in the winter .
