  penalties giveth , penalties taketh away, 
  :( one that got mexico out . 
  us getting closer to diamond league . 
  i would love a german to win this . 
  i beg to differ with the ultimate , if you panick press 4 , if you fail press 3, 
  you can escape from anubis and he bo , poseidon needs the whirlpool to secure the kill ; ao 's ult is too quick, 
  i do n't get why people get angry because they do n't cast asian on the roles , the anime/manga character do n't even look asian . 
  yes but when you 're a melee god it hits even point blank . 
  i think we all wanted to see grown up natalie portman, 
  i loved that people thought this movie was going to be something serious , i find a very funny movie . 
  i was looking for discussion not karma, 
  i liked it but it could 've been better . 
  i like the movies , the cgi is used too much but i do n't mind it , the thing i do n't like is how they handle the story , i just started reading the book and many things did n't happen , they were added just to have something that seems meaningful at the end . 
  to me the trailer i saw was n't that good or hyped it like other examples . 
  i know , the trailer i so perfect for the movie and topic . 
  i would like more info, 
  thanks, 
  [ i also like this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5fnbtueivu ), 
  oh man , i live in mexico but more near to the us east coast than la , i wish they do n't do this obligatory . 
  i call dibs on any st tots he probably has . 
  i did the same yesterday !, 
  i like this rescue mission of milan and ochoa is a good keeper that you can sign free . 
  in 6 minutes !, 
  ? , come on !, 
  oh yes , it is in the first season you need to go quick in the winter transfer since he always get a pre-contract . 
  very good keeper to me . 
  this is most likely for the injury and low morale you said in another comment . 
  it happened to me with \u00d6zil at arsenal but with some games he will get back in form . 
  do n't worry, 
  [ you can play him nearly every game of the season and get him at a good overall quick ] ( http://www.futhead.com/14/career-mode/players/10665/carvajal/ ) at least to me it 's 84 rated . 
  tyr , i ca n't win the lane but i know the combos , i just never perform . 
  he looks like pepe the real madrid player, 
  he was prepared for a violent game, 
  itt : people hate zack braff ? 
  pep guardiola played in dorados, 
  probably argentina beats mexico in the semis, 
  this was before the rick roll, 
  late to the party , but did they fixed the bug when you 're on the visitor side and want to change the player with y it gets stuck on the stats ? 
  also , does the cpu makes fouls ? 
  i find the cpu in fifa 14 being super fair play and does n't give you any penalties , free kicks or even being offside . 
  i love the o-hohoho-yeeeaah, 
  ares the magical warrior, 
  with infinite money , you sure did, 
  marco reus in arsenal got complete forward in first season and complete midfielder in the second season . 
  runner-up mattia destro he 's everywhere i need him , score goals with head and both feet . 
  well de sciglio glitched and his contract was -2 years 6 months and leave the team and i saved the game after i realized what i did it was too late and the other rb are from the youth system in their second season . 
  i 'll check junior malanda seems like a player i can use . 
  and i thought shanghai was its peak, 
  what ? 
  i think a monstrous design in serqet would be a kick in the balls to arachne fans because instead of fixing the already monstrous assassin they replace it with another . 
  they had enough and arachne design would stop be unique . 
  reminds me of a jimmy carr joke about welsh guys . 
  the image he provided looks like a centaur-like scorpion , being a centaur-like monster is arachne 's thing since she 's kinda the only one , do n't take that away from her with another similar god . 
  inb4 arachne and serqet do n't have similar playstyle, 
  arachne used to be queen of the jungle , right now serqet is far superior than her . 
  not sure if i 'm reading right but you 're saying he died ? 
  i play fifa cm with milan for the same reason . 
  it all feels lost until you get the 60,000,000 offer for balotelli . 
  imagine a dog fight with suarez and pepe, 
  vision and passing is necessary for the sweat teams that abuse through balls . 
  i want to build my team and play with it , not look at a spreadsheet . 
  whenever i visit ytmnd i lower the volume in my speakers just in case, 
  this happens when they injure but they get back if you played them often again . 
  it happened to my ozil 88ovr decreased 2 points in a 3 month injury but got to 90 without a problem . 
  so far i have only got 2 youth system players injured when they were 19 but they seem to grow just fine . 
  he will leave after the current season regardless of any contract offers, 
  match sim is broken to the point i got 3/4 defenders red carded . 
  i paid 80 million for diego costa and got injured with acl . 
  it 's the karma for playing chelsea . 
  i imagine this guy thinking i 'm not bad , i 'm just pretending . 
  arena geb damage , you think you can escape but you 're actually making me stronger . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/cringepics/comments/2bt722/im_very_horny_for_pregnant/ ), 
  when everybody 's rich , nobody is, 
  i hate when my teammate is dying but continues to build as if he was the one fed and not the feeder . 
  why gyazo ? 
  an advice : easy is not that easy , so do n't go like i 'm hardcore and i never play easy and expect to kickass in your first game . 
  yeah because supporting afc wimbledon is the obvious way to go, 
  reus does n't have that good of defending stats to track back and recover the ball . 
  i thought it was implied he was a glory hunter, 
  let 's hope its a matic, 
  the rb guitar is very good looking but i find it very uncomfortable since i 'm used to my gh3 wired-xplorer which i have since 2008 . 
  what if you do n't have a local club or it sucks , you go to support the one with attractive football at the moment not because they are the underdogs , or they have history , or there 's a chance of getting a win from the big guys . 
  it 's like in music `` i only like bolivian pan flute because good peruvian pan flute it 's so easy to get they even sell it in my mall '' why being this hipster . 
  do n't be surprised when someone from another country does n't support a team in the championship most of the time the only ones the air are the ones of the top teams in the epl , the champions league and the fa cup final . 
  i think glory hunter is when you go supporting barca 2011 , chelsea 2012 , bayern 2013 , real madrid 2014 . 
  omg ea fix your shit, 
  what is wrong with having fun ? 
  i know you like going to stadiums , but say that you want to support a team from germany ; would you pick schalke 04 or kaiserslautern ? 
  some people ca n't go to stadiums often and if they can they pick the best even if you think man city does n't have a super respected firm ( ? ), 
  and that they bought the title , they will have a blast because they will see some excellent players and jack rodwell . 
  ok dude , let me try to be clear because you do n't get it , in england there 's tons of teams to pick , normally you would pick the local team because your friends and family are most likely supporting them ; in other countries like mine we do n't have professional teams in every city , you ca n't go every week to the stadium , so you pick the one that looks best , and when you get the chance to go to the stadium and watch live the guys you only get to see on tv and some guy says `` you 're not a true fan you 're just a glory hunter , just because you watch on your tv does n't make a true fan '' you will tell him to fuck off , its a special ocasion you deserve to have a blast and screaming at some goals . 
  this could be the case of many of the guys you call glory hunters , there are many gh that go from manchester city to united to city , but not all new top team fans are glory hunters . 
  please tell me how many teams football teams are in monclova , mexico . 
  its probably a 3 hour drive to watch monterrey , santos or tigres and that is the closest . 
  i do n't know its hard to get tickets since they are the most expensive in the league and its almost sold out from the start of the season . 
  but my point is we have a different perspective of a glory hunter , because our nation are n't similar in terms of football ( yes we love the sport but we do n't have 6 divisions , they do n't even show the 2nd division nationwide in open tv ) you 're not tied to your local team , you can be a fan of the sport and support whoever kicks it the best that 's the one you want to see . 
  i want to give you a different look but fuck me and my wrong opinions right ? 
  thanks i will go ahead and make myself a tumblr account to fit in . 
  this should be a motd . 
  no , conquest map mages only , no meta,
