  it 's extra weird if you watched bojack before watching this clip, 
  it will take thousands of years and by then nobody will care hopefully . 
  there 's no conspiracy , it 's just a lifestyle choice . 
  and i 'm willing to bet that the authors of those articles are married to their careers or have little time to invest in a child and a relationship , so they push their agenda because they think they are having a better life than others with kids . 
  the journalists i know tend to spend very little time outside their job and ca n't have a normal private life . 
  so because of that , they have more time to invest in work and advance in their career but it all depends on your priorities . 
  child free campaign is not targeting one race though . 
  check who wrote those articles , all white and some even have children , it looks like they just wanted to make buck not brainwashing anyone . 
  there 's so many things you do n't know that i do n't know where to start . 
  i assume you are trolling but i will either way tell you . 
  productivity and production is not a western civilization only concept . 
  social trust , a thing that is needed for a community to thrive is reduced in short term because of a new social group is entering the community . 
  but diversity and unity improves societies in the long run . 
  in this time where we can connect and communicate with people around the world , accepting people from other cultures ( by extension their ethnicity ) is a must . 
  before people used to move to the nearest big city but now they can choose to live everywhere they can afford . 
  you do n't even know why overpopulated countries are that way , how overpopulation will fix itself in third world countries if they let them improve quality of life , and something really important ; stop assuming people from other ethnicity are not capable of understanding the things that americans and europeans understand , a big chunk is essentially hostages of corrupt governments ( a valid reason to migrate to the america and europe ) and others are in transition of becoming first world ( china , mexico , brazil , etc. ), 
  they are not stupid . 
  it 's a long process to become a first world country , one tactic is to send people to study there so they go back to their country of origin to improve it or stay there to help foreign relationships . 
  check this for your issue with overpopulation . 
  yeah the us government has done some horrible things to black , latinos and asians and maybe that 's what you 're fearful , but i think the government has nothing to win from keeping the population down ( i do n't think they want to be like japan or denmark where they ask people to move there and have children ) . 
  they do have a sinister agenda ( cut funds from planned parenthood which leads to possibly more ilegal abortions and children whose parents ca n't and do n't want to take care of them . 
  see it 's the other way around ) but is not towards making middle class have less children . 
  when it comes to ethnic preservation imo just let the river flow , the reason white south africans are going down as a percentage is because they are migrating to other countries ( mainly back to europe ) , mixing with other races get them classified with colored and low birth rate overall . 
  i think that there 's an unesco study about how the countries that gave more education to women had a decrease in birth rate because they felt that they did not have to get married and have children to succeed in life which i believe it 's a really good thing . 
  now think about this , white south africans were and are privileged since they settled which also means that women have easier access to education and therefore lower birth rate than other groups . 
  all of this should tell you that the decreasing white population is not that way because of a plot of the government but rather a lot of different factors that can not be easily controlled . 
  not all mexico is at that altitude . 
  mexico right now has 3 elite stadiums that can host wc games , who knows by 2026, 
  that is if the synthetic grass does n't kill you or ends your career, 
  i 'm not against stay at home parents but in those countries women do n't have the freedom that first and in transition countries have . 
  if a woman does n't get married she stays a `` burden '' to their parents because they are n't allowed to work like men do . 
  it 's not about making women have less children , it 's about giving them a choice . 
  and again you are acting like white people are just victims of evil capitalism that the mean us government is enforcing in the world . 
  according to the oecd , on average , a japanese person works just 13 more hours per year than a canadian , when have you heard about a stereotype of an overworked canadian ? 
  also mexico tops the rankings with 456 work hours per year more than the us who is 13 in the list , that 's a full day of work more than the average american . 
  and i tell you another time , the reason why people slave themselves it 's because they want to achieve a socio-economic status ( own a house in a big city , have 2 cars , vacations , high speed internet , provide to a 4 person family ) that their job can not reliably provide ( one income in a shitty industry ) , it 's a question of priorities . 
  ( of course nobody should be a slave to provide basic needs to their families ), 
  all of this , is because of culture , where we base our priorities . 
  note : childfree in reddit has such a low number of subscribers that they are basically a non-factor , so do n't worry . 
  good thing i got 6 months for free !, 
   monterrey is getting shittier every day . 
  except for the air quality , how ? 
  that should n't happen but come on , fitness and contracts cost so little ( open a shit ton of cheap bronze packs they are worth it ) it 's a non issue . 
  they are already lower than previous fifas , back in fifa 05 there were a lot of players in the 90 overall and since the introduction of fut there are less . 
  i remember arsenal in 05 had all starters above 87 . 
  and makaay was 97 rated just like henry, 
  they guy with the tigres uniform and the rayados badge , deserved it, 
  any team under the 3rd seed has like 5 % chance or less of winning the championship with the 95 rockets being the lowest seed to ever win the title with the hardest road to a finals ever . 
  but yeah it would be . 
  i wish she went more into detail about the incorrect songwriting in greenlight . 
  i like the song from the pre-chorus till the end but the start does n't feel too nice . 
  if i had to guess , maybe it 's the part in the chorus when she says :, 
   'cause hon-ey i 'll come get my things , but i ca n't let go, 
   i 'm wait-ing for it , that green light , i want it, 
   oh , i wish i could get my things and just let go, 
   i 'm wait-ing for it , that green light , i want it, 
  in the first line she has 13 syllables and in the third she has 12 , since it was something about melodic math he may think it 's awkward . 
  i remember the first or second game he made the 343 change i knew hazard would explode . 
  i 'm in wildcard , any changes to this ? 
  i wanted son but walker is the one i 'm willing to drop but his selling price would be 6.1 cause i got him early and no defender has the value walker has for me . 
  oscar looks like he creates life ... and destroys it, 
  he also named his daughter harley quinn, 
  imo it 's just photographers asking them to do that because they ran out of ideas . 
  i work with photographers and they have `` go to '' moves for people that do n't model professionally , like most artists , and even the pros have goto moves . 
  the article also talks about a miss bala remake , the director talked about how hollywood hated him in a q&a in mexico a long time ago . 
  things changed aparently . 
  lol did n't know that , nice . 
  dat sound, 
  for once clippers are not the ones screwed by injuries and they still lose, 
  the simmons ' podacast with the producer was really interesting but you guys should listen the one he has with kurt russell , such a nice guy . 
  it has 132 million worldwide in 2 weeks . 
  without the whitewash controversy this movie makes 300 million on a 110 million budget . 
  scarjo 's ability to sit people in the cinema was n't the problem . 
  the problem was that the production solved the dilema of : making money in a big budget movie with an ip that does n't have the draw to justify its cost . 
  there were 3 possibilities . 
  cast a star and hope nobody calls you out on it . 
  cast a japanese ( not just asian ) actress and lower the budget to hopefully make some money . 
  cast a japanese actress , spend $ 110m and most likely lose money . 
  there 's no asian actress with the same draw as scarlett johansson and this movie , which already is facing the problem of having niche audience , is not a place to start . 
  that and it was n't well recieved by critics for things beyond casting . 
  swinging party is also a cover , is n't it ? 
  i do n't know the name of the concept but does n't music and poems use lyrical speaker ( or something like that ) where you 're not really writing songs about your life but more like you 're acting like someone that does feel the way you do . 
  i 'm not gay but the persona i 'm using during a song is . 
  could n't artists just say that and be done with it ? 
  btw i know that cultural objects are a great way of changing the minds of the mass so they become empathetic to lgbt people , it 's just that i do n't think this ( usage of pronouns ) is a big deal . 
  does heteronormative mean that they think there 's only straight people ? 
  what would be worse for the fans , the one season you went 7-75 or being games away from the finals 6 times in a row ? 
  i got ta say that i 'm guilty of assuming everyone 's a he on the internet but it 's because reddit has a larger male population , and i only call she when the username implies she . 
  irl is kind of weird because in spanish there 's not a neutral pronoun , and some gay guys do n't like being called a she , so when i meet them i just call them for what i see until they tell me differently . 
  they ai n't gon na brook us !, 
  more like ai, 
  reminds me of l from netflix 's death note, 
  that 's because in latin american spanish he has a growly voice the entire time ( which to me sounds better because it makes it funnier ), 
  john wall and james harden know when to slow down and russel westbrook just runs towards the paint all the time ( if his is n't taking a mid range shot which i like when he does that ) and is not as good as a finisher around the rim as other guards like curry , beal , dragic or irving . 
  basketball is a game of rhythm , if you do n't get your teammates involved , they wo n't get going . 
  right now everybody shoots the shot that westbrooks gives them so he can get the assist , westbrook is not 100 % right every play but their teammates just shoot it anyways . 
  but whatever thunder was n't planning going far in the playoffs until the mvp narrative . 
  i guarantee you if westbrook did n't average a triple double and the race was kawhi and harden , he would get less shit right now . 
  westbrook hogs the ball more compared to all of them at their most ball hog season , if you consider all the possessions that end because he turns over the ball or gets free throws . 
  his 41.7 % usage rate is the all-time nba record .
