  this was posted yesterday twice why do it again, 
  and i thought my youth players were beast , how do you get them this good , i understand the may update but how do you scout that ? 
  i do something similar regarding potential , but my mistake is probably just not give them instructions on what to get , i 'm open to change my formation depending on the players i have so i do n't just tell him to give me a playmaker or defensive minded . 
  i 'll change this day to try something like you . 
  i 've never heard of that , i 'll try it my youth players are italian and i often get offer for the nt . 
  my best prospect right now is an italian lm named mirko cragno i guess he has some croatian heritage , has potential to be special [ this are the stats ] ( http://imgur.com/a/8c1vk ) and davide corti is the example of someone high rated that is actually trash . 
  [ proper response ] ( http://youtu.be/amyah-8xtr8?t=24s ), 
  he will get 84 ovr with 87 potential next game because he is in barca . 
  wtf jimmy this is not rugby, 
  [ and he 's 30 ] ( http://www.futhead.com/14/career-mode/players/6/iniesta/ ), 
  i 've seen that players that get transferred a lot are players that were likely to go the first transfer window but then got stuck in a cycle , plus if they score a lot or have many clean sheets the cpu makes offers and the cpu accepts them . 
  approach to buy or loan and when you enter the page to set the numbers you can see his current contract normally 31 + retire in contract expiration . 
  mourinho is not playing him right , he should play cb, 
  or maybe kept to herself, 
  says the guy with khumba flair, 
  seems like you had the answer right there, 
  for the looks it seems that they ( chinese players ) wanted nu wa to compete with aphrodite not that they did n't knew who she was . 
  or hi-rez wanted [ this nu wa ] ( http://a1.mzstatic.com/us/r1000/070/purple/69/49/57/mzl.tkuyvupj.480x480-75.jpg ) instead of [ this one ] ( http://ferrebeekeeper.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/nuwa.jpg ) . 
  too bad televisa wants him to stay in america, 
  but the popo jokes will be unbearable in spanish comunities, 
  5v5 casual siege , 4v4 ranked siege , no parties or premades in the casual mode because usually they just stomp the other team . 
  3v3 casual joust and 1v1 ranked joust sounds familiar ? 
  teamwork is op , sounds awful and wrong but not everyone has friends with decent pcs to run this that also like the game ; why should i trust in 4 randoms against a 5 man team . 
  it 's not every game where i solo queue and get along with everyone in the team . 
  you ca n't be a poacher without luck imo, 
  this goal was 50 % positioning to stay in line and 50 % the ball going straight to his face and ending in the net . 
  it could have been in line and in good position but the ball going far out . 
  or he everything could have going his way except him being offside . 
  yes, 
  sorry for quality i do n't have a capture card, 
  mou gave him the no reaction advice he gave to balotelli, 
  you can start stepping up the difficulty by moving the sliders of the cpu 3 back and when you start doing better you get them 1 up and so on until you leave them in default, 
  lol in fifa 13 tottenham had being playing really bad when it go the time to play them they had gareth bale in goal and their only gk with acl . 
  ut and career mode plays different , but if you get to play cm i 'll suggest to give yourself a challenge without wasting contracts, 
  his nickname : el gringo and he will get laid a lot just for that, 
  implying chelsea parks the bus in every match, 
  [ spoilers ] ( #s `` i love how charlie gives you the basic rules of screenwriting , his brother breaks them all , he sees that nobody minds and then proceeds to break them himself ( charlie kaufman irl ) '' ), 
  having 2 nic cages in the movie was a big plus / r/onetruegod, 
  lol i made my sister ( who only plays the sims ) play the game and she said the same thing about pressing the number and aim . 
  she got 3 kills with ao kuang in arena though . 
  i really hate when i pass to a player onside but the offside decides it 's not a good time to score and touches the ball, 
  it 's worse when you see they have a better angle to show their useless graphics but they do n't use them, 
  `` come on guys have a nice last lap ! '', 
  big deal for barca only, 
  he got neuer and played a sweeper role, 
  sampodria won 2 years ago, 
  probably because of the german nazis and italian fascists that escaped from europe to argentina after wwii . 
  i could be wrong . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes , i got it at the first comment, 
  so he can confirm his wanker status, 
  my only problem with filipe luis is that he gets tired so quick , even when i lower the speed in custom tactics, 
  ivan rakitic : cheap ( if you can spend $ 10m without trouble ) , he is everywhere in the pitch , very good passes , excellent long shots , if he losses posession he gets it back . 
  alessio cerci : excellent winger , and if you play him false 9 its also special , he is a good dribbler and has an awesome shot plus the headers but almost anyone can score one . 
  ikr if this is a doodle what the fuck am i drawing ? 
  like that spongebob episode about drawing a circle . 
  most of the swap deal rumors are bs, 
  like david luiz, 
  his 2 should apply 2 extra seconds to the gods it hits with the ability, 
  [ raul garcia looks like this drawing ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/007/617/jew_basic.jpg ), 
  probably taking pics of simeone, 
  i 've been recently building in arena : start with second tier frost-bound hammer , then build midas boots , sovereignty , qin sais , witch-blade ( because you will get a mercury in the enemy team ) , titan 's bane , finish frostbound hammer and sell midas boots to buy ninja tabi . 
  i level 2 first and my ult when i can , after that i level 3 then 1 since it barely does damage now . 
  use your 3 in tiger form to stun your enemies and your 2 to slow them if your team catch up they will finish them . 
  i noticed that but the other ones did n't build it and still had it . 
  i have used wukong in arena and he is n't that fast and you can get killed in the eagle form . 
  he is the absolute king of the arena , pretty good in siege and i ca n't tell assault since i do n't play him much . 
  you do n't play much arena ? 
  he gets picked every game and even if he losses he is the best in the team . 
  i 'm level 30 and i mainly play arena , it 's always picked and if you do n't finish the match quick he will rape the team . 
  i played a guy with the juventus backline and balotelli-cassano st and quagliarella cam and my god long shots still give me nightmares . 
  that 's the first video i saw of him , after that i only saw the fifa funnies then stopped watching him, 
  the mediacrush pr came here to say thank you for using his site , then this subreddit started to worship them because they were acknowledged , pretty much the reason it 's used . 
  agree , this goal would have happened if he had made the run to mark jovetic . 
  was n't a post about this was made yesterday ? 
  i was playing athena and a he bo ( ignoring the creep wave and feeding ) told me to basically go and help him dive ; i told him that i was busy doing his job and he told me i was useless and i should learn to play . 
  good thing a herc helped me to reason with him and i was able to go and do my job . 
  you know when people is free gem weekend when this happens . 
  the same is happening to me , 8 games win streak and yesterday i was losing faith in myself . 
  pulling people into your base in arena is a reward i enjoy for picking a god so useless . 
  vamana is pretty high tier i do n't know why people do n't play him but wukong to me has so much utility that if they buff a bit his 1 he will be top tier again so far i think the 2 change was very good . 
  what if arachne gets turned into one . 
  i liked the [ ion drums ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryi3zd1lhfy ) but they were expensive like $ 400 . 
  i only used them from another guy but they were glorious . 
  just buy pogba and spam longshots, 
  shh do n't break the circlejerk, 
  this thread man , i 'm just picturing the fbi writing everyone 's name in a list like some sort of teru mikami screaming [ delete ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8ruqinb-na ) and wirting in his death note . 
  tag them on res , tag ophicial or something like that and he has a post on the frontpage everyday that is something that obviously reddit will like enough for them to say neat and upvote it, 
  if it was a guy there would be a witch hunt approved for all the white knights there are here . 
  i could n't pick 4 chelsea players in my squad so i ditched costa favoring hazard . 
  at least he and ivanovic scored, 
  one of these is not like the other, 
  this is very true in arena . 
  this nerf i think it was the one that made him look like a bad pick but zhong found his place in solo lane and now he is getting respected again . 
  reddit has a problem caused by celeb nudes and is `` ddos ` ing '' itself, 
  are you saying chang ' e is bad ? 
  but she 's not as bad as chang ` e ; i 've seen more success on chang ' e than the other gods and the only ones that play those are actually good with them and not trying to get the mastery . 
  those are actually his tips . 
  a guy asked him tips on janus and he said get kills , that 's some korean level of advice . 
  his name is nosidefx or something like that right ? 
  true , they will buy his way back .
