  i play fifa and nba 2k better when i 'm not overthinking what i 'm doing . 
  the funny thing is that the outrage it 's proving the point of the title . 
  i disliked sam and the journalist guy , the son of the dean was played by a dude way too old but overall it was a good show that tried to challenge it 's own ideas . 
  at several points the group questions their own actions , sam gets called out on her bullshit , the group gets called out on attacking the white dude for nothing ( except the fact that he called the cops at the party , just let the douchebags fight ok ) . 
  the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
  only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
  i remember olocoons and it 's funny as hell someone called you guys like that . 
  i used to go to a high school with a bunch of the people you describe and luckily they did n't last there . 
  but how old are you ? 
  i thought olocoons were something from a long time ago but jojo and steven universe made me think you 're like 14-18 years old . 
  also are you from mexico ? 
  it sounds like it . 
  dear white people . 
  it criticizes white people 's casual racism and black people 's double standards . 
  there 's a party on the campus where you can dress as any black celebrity and character . 
  the invitation was through an email sent from the magazine `` pastiche '' which is like a lampoon magazine , and a ton of people go . 
  black people find out about this and shut down the party . 
  what you get it 's each episode they tell the story of the major people involved in black people 's fraternity ( i 'm not american and find this weird but they explain it ) and their struggles which imo it 's just first world problems with a touch of light racism . 
  my favorite character was coco , she gets the short end of the stick in both communities but keeps going . 
  give it a chance if you hate sam ( the girl in the pic ) , i hate her too . 
  some of this pixels are iverson doing the same mj play but being 7 inches smaller . 
  unless it 's asking things to gilbert arenas outside a 7/11, 
  i do n't even like season 9 anyways :(, 
  my favorite documentary of the past decade, 
  the reverse , anyone speaking mexican spanish , looking mexican but sounding like a gringo is so cringeworthy to me . 
  i 'm more afraid of ricourt writing since he wrote now you see me ( turn off your brain : the movie ), 
  and us is higher [ according to the oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/obesity-update-2017.pdf ) . 
  here 's also by body mass index . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_body_mass_index_ ( bmi ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_body_mass_index_ ( bmi ), 
  like this ? 
  i like her . 
  even if i do n't relate to a lot of her songs ( especially in this new album ) , i like how she tells a story . 
  basicamente . 
  my height and weight are the same as her , i 'm a guy :( every time i see her it reminds me to start gaining weight . 
  ( i eat the same portions of food than my family but i ca n't seem to gain weight ), 
  i try but it 's hard because i feel my stomach full . 
  the guy who uploaded it said the same thing . 
  boston stat guys inflate the assist numbers, 
  does it work with getting back to sports too ? 
  i 'll lift my team of scrubs . 
  jk i guess i 'll look into lifting, 
  the way they sang the national anthem at cleveland is how they should sing it every time . 
  i find it very disrespectful when artists milk the song . 
  i do n't think it 's weird in the finals just to get people hyped ( i 'm not american and i get hyped ) but other than that it would be weird . 
  taylor swift, 
  really ? 
  big fan , good to know, 
  i was n't interested in this series until this . 
  i do n't think we 're getting thad castle but i still want him in something major . 
  scorsese will find a way to use gim me shelter in every movie he makes . 
  hyperbole but it 's funny he has featured it in 3 movies . 
  you 're preaching to the choir, 
  textbook deus ex machina ? 
  sorry , but i missed the literal gods coming to save the planet from destruction . 
  boobieboobiebuttbutt a reddit user he lives inside his own ass, 
  well , white is purity according to nivea, 
  swansea were trash last 2 years and siggy still got points . 
  imo he is not a fixture player , he just gets the job done . 
  netflix mexico babyyy, 
  hopefully they do n't ban you for using vpn, 
  he smiles like he is feeling a lot of pain inside but does n't want anyone to know . 
  i captained alli because my sister told me and i 'd like to pin the blame on someone other than myself this weekend, 
  it works even if it fails, 
  my university it 's on a mountain and we get instructions on how to deal with black bears too and if you spot one you should also start making a shit ton of noise and they leave . 
  they also do n't like pictures ( for some odd reason ) they run when they see you taking out a cellphone . 
  i would add that you should learn the fauna of the place you 're going because if you mistake a grizzly bear for a cinnamon black bear you 're fucked . 
  i own the same pair of keepers . 
  at least i 'm doing something right, 
  i feel no shame in using them as i got older , because i have more things to do than playing games but i still want to play them . 
  just makes me think how many games i finished without guides i would n't even play today, 
  go shit on england like they shit on mexico yesterday / r/television, 
  his son said `` i need some water '' in an instagram post and he laughed about it . 
  such a bad dad, 
  he is the same height and weight as pogba . 
  he did this too . 
  i attempted to post it some months ago but apparently , the mods think it 's not content suited for the sub . 
   over the garden wall, 
  i have n't met a kid who does n't think this show is boring as hell . 
  the only ones i see that praise it are 20-year old that say `` i wish all kid shows were like this '', 
  obj said the exact same thing, 
  this is going to piss off a tooooon of people, 
  xbox 360 came out 5 years after the release of the ps2 . 
  i only watched the first quarter and it was clown fiesta , how different was the rest of the game ? 
  he got vergas !!, 
  right tho, 
  14 man league . 
  standard ? 
  ( nfl point system it 's my first time playing i do n't know the name ), 
  tarik cohen , carson wentz , jared goff , cj , mixon and pryor are available to pick up . 
  ( there 's 2 guys dropping decent players in my league idk why since they sound like they know what they are doing ) . 
  will it be right to drop blount for one of these players ? 
  sorry for being so late man . 
  work got in the way, 
  i predict that tammy scores 8-12 goals this season if he plays like 30 games . 
  i 'm pulling these expectations from my ass of course but he is tall , fast , strong ( he looks really skinny but puts up a fight ) and has some good ideas . 
  his problems are that he gets caught offside and thinks he dribbles better than he actually does . 
  at 5.5 m he is a good buy . 
  check yesterday 's bill simmons podcast , he talks about how the show grew to what it is today , and steampunk porn . 
  zero is not rock bottom tho,
