  sorry for not replying earlier but i just went to sleep after 2 hours of posting this and / u/darkwolfsvk is right, 
  i also do elo ranking of the teams and denial when this was posted is better . 
  just like lechoke is dying hopefully durant 's choking goes away too . 
  in 2020 we 'll say 2010s had better music because we will only remember the good songs . 
  the feel when conejo perez won his first title , played in 3 world cups , 5 different clubs , won another title after 19 years and cruz azul still ca n't win a title . 
  i was going to say something about cesar montes but he was born feb and cruz azul won in winter . 
  how are they one dimensional ? 
  and way more matches per league too . 
  you 're right , i was looking it backwards . 
  he knew they were n't even close to qualify , it looks bad but why stay , it helps the players develop like maniakk in adc . 
  twitch clips just in time, 
  the logic is , you do n't need to win the ball when you do n't lose it in the first place ? 
  he is taking weigl for him i think, 
  it 's so fundamental , i ca n't believe either . 
  then i read some stuff about how the government makes it hard for poor people to get an id because they do n't want poor people to vote . 
  that 's insane , women do n't like sports, 
  i like the clowns but losing so much crushes their confidence . 
  knowing shadow this may be a legit strat if it could be done . 
  30 for 30 about shawn bradley talked about this and the lesson was you 'll get over it but not everyone else . 
  but look at whiteside and the contract he will for making an effort . 
  [ whiteside getting posterized by brandon bass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwwhqxgklpa ), 
  it survived turning the cars aero into lawnmowers , it will be fine . 
  any suggestions on a 4.5 mid that is not rafa ? 
  [ mamaev ] ( https://www.whoscored.com/players/29928 ) ? 
  he looks good, 
  he saw the reddit post about hair affecting the shot and he did n't want to cut it, 
  the moment when a 36 year old plays with more heart and intensity than you, 
  i also do n't like alex lora, 
  kappa everywhere is your friend, 
  it 's so frustrating watching lebron passing the ball instead of going for the layup, 
  the scl is literally starting , i was n't around for the start of the pc but i bet it was the same ( maybe with a bit of more mechanical skill ) . 
  funny that omega said that because if it was n't competitive maybe he should had carried his team to 1st seed . 
  smite will always be third in the moba scene tbh so the esports scene is n't as big as the others and that 's why it gets less money . 
  in mexico the base game is us$ 13.99 ( for some reason prices are in dollars ) but our currency is shit ( or is the usd too good ? ), 
  and it 's still expensive for me :(, 
  take a shot every time varejao flops and you 'll end up in hospital, 
  steph curry wins rebounds over him , that 's not even close to homeless . 
  hindsight 20/20 but ouch, 
  lol at the music at the end , i was almost expecting some sunglasses dropping and a deal with it . 
  what 's up with these transitions, 
  conejo vs. sweatpants, 
  at the start it was about making fun of trump but when he started winning polls and bernie started losing , thousands jumped the berniewagon and it 's now what it is . 
  a troll that got overtaken by ex-fph/coontown users . 
  sadly the wayback machine only goes until august last year . 
  as someone who speaks spanish i understand some of this words , it 's weird how a language from the same branch can sound so different yet have some similarities . 
  it looks cool but i think it tells more about attacking plays than the defense part of the game . 
  also not every player inside the line is defending the play . 
  another thing is that deep-lying playmakers can get really overrated and basically implies that the best football style is longball or counterattacking . 
  not every should be forward and not every pass to backwards is the wrong decision . 
  it 's essentially a + / - of players beaten . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if you do n't make any sound you 're already doing it . 
  h definitely, 
  some words on the video sound like spanish , the one closest in the video is casca for helmet , in spanish casco . 
  i know , that 's why i say the same branch , what i mean is , it 's like spanish to romanian as english to dutch . 
  he kinda looks like paul rudd taking a dump, 
  the thing is , you ca n't moneyball football with accurate advanced stats like in baseball or basketball because it 's more fluid and active instead of taking turns or possessions . 
  next tournament latam should n't be considered low tier , red canids could 've won their set without that pause , and kaos actually looked great against the number 1 team in na . 
  you forgot adanas saying baskin `` is feeling himself '' in game 2, 
  if you 're skinny maybe that 's the reason, 
  like getting half a dozen of chile +1, 
  i 'm speaking from experience , people think the same about me . 
  they lost 7-0 in football , the terrible thing is that it was soccer and not the american one . 
  i 'm not from us so i could n't know , i did sound like it could be taken as innuendo, 
  ninos en crecimiento in latin america but i do n't know if there 's an english dub, 
  im not american and i have trouble understanding buddy , where is he from ? 
  mexicans love foreigners , he can get a lot of love if he decides to join the community like gignac . 
  may he only lose to the team i support . 
  every time i bring up this some tigres fan says the team belongs to uanl , yeah right, 
  like how spl midlaners are tall blond guys ? 
  he ca n't get the pronunciation right, 
  / u/juventusx just got a tech from his couch !, 
  my god i think he just got another technical !, 
  you can time waste in american football and basketball , you just take a longer time for snaps ( ? 
  not sure if this is the word for give the ball to the qb ) and you can roll the ball and iso in bball . 
  if do n't believe he can gm you 're underrating him just like everyone who does n't watch him . 
  maybe you do n't get it , say it out loud . 
  i remember the time when people used to tell stories and then ask the question in the title . 
  like `` so when i used to be a scout some weird shit happened i could n't tell what it was but i felt so inadequate and for the rest of my life i fear going to the woods , so reddit what do you fear ? '', 
  it was annoying but it set the mood of the thread and lead to this kind of comments . 
  still better than archer vice, 
  huehuehue since it 's in brazil, 
  but why would lyanna use a name from the family of her kidnapper ? 
  if gio actually showed some passion he could 've been a goat contender in mexico 's nt history . 
  what do you mean ? 
  thank god f1 is becoming a safe space where i ca n't watch cars at high speeds . 
  they are talking about diamond gods in relation to a stereotype , it 's relevant . 
  2014 tyr pre-warrior patch was the most scary thing i have seen in the game , he did n't even need to build damage . 
  we are a top 20 team in the world and we could be better without all the politics and shit from fmf . 
  i think the chile loss while it was historically bad it 's not a setback , we just need defender that can command the backline . 
  i would like to add that most major cities `` live in a bubble '' , in the case of mine , cartel violence it 's only an issue if you 're involved with cartels and you can live a safe life for the most part . 
  st. louis , detroit , new orleans and baltimore are above tijuana in murder per 100,000 . http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/most-dangerous-cities-in-the-world.html, 
  cartels get guns from you , man . 
  do you mean you should close the borders for all mexicans ? 
  maybe you should have strict gun laws and better background checks in the borders . 
  the problem are the assholes selling them and the assholes buying them . 
  i 'm all for going to shoot things in woods and trying out rifles but there 's always a retard trying to take over the world . 
  regular mexicans are n't your problem , they go to border towns to buy things and go back to their houses . 
  usa is the only one losing in closing the border since it wo n't stop illegals going into your country but will stop customers . 
  also it 's not that i 'm denying your right to own guns , i mean it should not be quick and easy to buy them ( gun show loophole ) .
