  it 's hard to argue when he does [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhget9mnj48 ) a day before his 40th birthday . 
  seriously , i 've seen some nba players with better spanish . 
  goran dragic speaks better spanish and can make his own sentences , and even chris bosh can throw a few phrases . 
  plus the mod team used to mod other hate subreddits and it was made clear in the first days of its creation . 
  he is 6.8 m for a reason . 
  if he was consistent he would be 9 or more, 
  the subs you might be thinking are not conservative tho . 
  i know infowars is so bad it 's almost a satire but you would be fighting shit with more shit if you think a president should ban a `` media outlet '' . 
  common sense will come back eventually . 
  but defoe is defoe . 
  the 7th all-time premier league scorer does not compare to rondon . 
  defoe was just undervalued because he is 34 and plays for a shit team . 
  hayward kind of reminds me of jay garrick from the flash tv show, 
  he leaves them in trance from the balls of doing something blatantly against the rules and the only thing they can do with their mouth is blow the whistle , and in that moment they snap out and call the foul in harden 's favor because that 's what it usually happens . 
  is harden going to become hated again in this sub ? 
  how was the view from there ? 
  i saw a video that said that rose 's injuries were mostly by the way he fell to the ground . 
  basically he went full speed to the basket and then he fell with his legs fully extended without bending his knees and wore them out . 
  westbrook used to do this but he corrected it and he does what rose should have done . 
  i know these youtube videos are trash and weird but i used to watch ren and stimpy show , cow and chicken , invader zim and rocko and i came out alright . 
  kids will be fine . 
  aflac commercial has an awful ringing , anyone hearing that too ? 
  i do n't think anyone could 've convince prince to do it any other way though . 
  not to sound like an ass but , do you have a version that has a little bit better audio ? 
  i agree to a point with you . 
  it is overblown by the media but you have to consider : bojack 's ( the character and the series ) strongest aspect is dialogue and this episode barely had any . 
  it pretty much stated that it was n't just that what made the show great and if you take this challenge to a show like arrested development , archer and other dialogue heavy comedies ; they will likely struggle . 
  but that does n't take away or justify ag\u00fcero 's actions, 
  david luiz 's hate in this sub comes and goes . 
  i remember when he was at chelsea the main narrative was something like good team player , tackle machine and sometimes he scored wonder goals ; then when he was the record transfer they started to look more into him and when he lost 7-1 the narrative was , overrated joke that gets away with fouls . 
  now when everybody laughed about him coming back to chelsea , luiz impressed them and cause the sub to repect him again and overlook his weaknesses . 
  ( sorry if this reads like shit , i 'm not good at redacting ), 
  sadly , leicester is on pace of going down this season . 
  d/l/l / l/l in their last 5 and next 5 they play 2 top teams and 2 teams that are also fighting relegation . 
  have i got a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6onnt-pmslg ) to confirm your views on him . 
  but again a player being an asshole does n't make it right to be an asshole back . 
  this is not your a game in the park . 
  and do n't act like ag\u00fcero only plays dirty against david luiz when he did [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_vmndulmre ) just months ago . 
   it does n't but it does explain them . 
  maybe i misunderstood this part in your comment . 
  maybe it 's a combination of nostalgia and seeing him as a kid but he was the kind of player you wanted to see , doing flicks and flashy skills while remaining a competitive player is what the average fan want to see in a player plus he embraced that superstar status . 
  yes , messi is the better player at everything ronaldinho does great , in fact he scored more in 2012 than ronaldinho ever did in his 5 years at barcelona , and his dribbling technique is more effective but i do n't know ronaldinho has something that messi does n't have . 
  ( ca n't say it 's marketing because he obviously has a lot of power ), 
   mexico were hammered 7-0 by chile in the copa am\u00e9rica last year . 
  the official fantasy app, 
  i do n't watch the celtics , how does brad stevens deal with being 29th in defensive rebounds while still having the 5th best record in the league ? 
  suddenly one night an inner fire starts in kelly olynyk ... perhaps injuring kevin love left a bloodlust that he can no longer suppress and he must become a bad man . 
  that night he becomes celtics ' answer to the rebounding problems . 
  malditos sjw !, 
  hahahahah aunque no sea relevante tambien me encanta el de are we the baddies ? 
  those numbers barely add up to 1, 
  i have a legit copy of the album and i do n't see it . 
  is this extended edition only ? 
  oh yes i see it now , maybe it 's the light in the room i 'm sitting, 
  i saw the whole video and it was entertaining . 
  sas is more of an entertainer than analyst even if that 's not what he thinks . 
  i think you guys should take him less serious . 
  all the major cities and some border cities voted clinton tho . 
  that 's not only physiologically impossible , the rush of blood to the pe -, 
  * cums *, 
  what ? 
  there was n't a default nfsw subreddit . 
  this changes nothing since r/all still exists and it was n't the first page non-logged users used to see . 
  i 'm from mexico , in school i was taught that the spanish gave the aztecs blankets that were infected as a strategy . 
  private prisons exist for a reason . 
  you can profit from having a guy in prison without even making him work . 
  and if the state does n't provide you with enough prisoners they pay you a fee . 
  so that means you make money anyways, 
  not justifying barney 's behavior but lily thinks she is better than she is and also believes she is always right because `` she 's the wifey '' but barney at least accepts that what he does is wrong and at the end [ spoiler ] ( / s `` he looks like he is going to change '' ), 
  i used to think that lily was a big victim from the lazy writing in the last 3 seasons but then every time i rewatch the series i find that she was a bitch since like the middle of season 1 . 
  i personally cheer when the gay guys tell her that they only bought her painting for the frame . 
  he probably does n't know the difference between astronomy and astrology either, 
  cudi talked shit about kanye , went to rehab ( ? ), 
  and now they 're cool . 
  kanye talked shit about jay , drake , and khaled ; he has been on a hospital because of his mental issues , and they may be cool again but later . 
  kanye should let the kids have the music ( like he has said before ) and radio plays what the people want so they can make money . 
  drake is overplayed because that 's what people want . 
  that is so weird but i guess i 'll do this then . 
  thanks dude . 
  i think i get it , if i need help i 'll hit you up, 
  i have n't bought it yet maybe i 'm not the guy to ask right now, 
  but why would they trade away their future when they know that lebron is walking to the finals this year and most likely the next ? 
  adam ruins everything did a good piece on this . 
  basically every negative trait about millennials was stupid because the baby boomers and gen x were also given these traits at some point . 
  what did not a agreed with him tho is that generations do n't exist , i think that even though it 's an invisible line there are clear differences about the way the majority think depending on the year they were born . 
  i think this is the same reason why top managers still have amat , anichebe and francis . 
  thank you based kane !, 
  yesterday i thought i was fucked, 
  anti intelectuales, 
  en que parte de mexico vive ? 
  how was he offensively ? , i bet he looked like russell against the other players, 
  i only saw the first season of episodes and all the episodes of apartment 23 but i thought they were really different characters ( at least to me ) but both of them really work in their respective shows . 
  matt definitely looks like the better actor . 
  everyone at the nets it 's having a rough year , sadly . 
  i thought dinwiddie was going to be good because he always trashed me on 2k ha , i hope he has the chance to turn it around . 
  just like when people think they can run a 40yd sprint faster than the fat guys in nfl but really we just do n't have the perspective . 
  even more insane that this guys do it week in and week out . 
  turn the phrase around and that 's what these guy think but are n't willing to accept . 
  [ i can help too ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=rhetorical+question ), 
  what does white-hispanic mean then,
