  i had some people that type no ingles yet they ca n't speak spanish , some of them are just assholes that did n't got their roles . 
  i fucking hate odin , that bomb deserves a nerf so much damage for so little mana and that fucking cage in low cooldown at least before you could kill the teammate he trapped and die with something to be proud of . 
  the only reason he is not nerfed it 's because idiots continue to think he is a support and lose matches which leads me to another thing i dislike : pros picking odin support over athena , geb or sylvanus when their ticket to a tournament with a prize pool of $ 1.5 m is on the line , like what the fuck sobek it 's a better pick than odin . 
  hi-rez bring back the focus stat so everyone loses their minds, 
  please sthap odin, 
  i did n't even wanted to comment on the fact that healer support does n't work in smite, 
  remember that he previously could crit, 
  yes it has happened a lot since last patch i thought i was the only one, 
  the old one is not bad but the new one it 's very detailed and better, 
  i played anhur yesterday and there was a delay of almost a second when i killed a minion and getting the gold from the last hit and my ping was 70, 
  nerf the meatball , give him a passive i think it 's a fair trade if the passive is not something excesive, 
  i hate this new matchmaking since it 's pretty much shit or get shit on , it 's been a while since i 've felt that it was a team effort to win the game plus the constant dcs are really hurting the games . 
  that 's the problem he is a target man kind of striker but the target in brazil nt is neymar so they do n't create enough chances to him and make him look awful . 
  but what about robben poor man lost the cl final and wc final the same year . 
  i do n't see lampard but i can see gerrard, 
  edit : nevermind , found him this list is good, 
  a lot of girls follow torres and not because of his ability to score, 
  from that moment robben decided to fall every time there 's a foul on him, 
  son nike !, 
  kinda like the unstoppable force meets an immovable object . 
  torres scores # 1,000,000 goals sadly, 
  i do n't play a lot of assault but vulcan is one of the top gods there , how bad you have to be to suck at him . 
  chicharito or javier hernandez , because to non-spanish speakers javier looks like a struggle, 
  sony and fox are like sisters, 
  adryan is trying to get people compare him to neymar for the wrong reasons . 
  sony does n't have an army like the us so it 's ok they 're scared . 
  awilix vet sounds very bad , it 's totally the same as neith with some distortion, 
  does n't this goes over the penetration cap , also the unicorn build it 's good for this kind of gods . 
  asi and titans bane, 
  it really sounds weird when she says the line that ends with moonshine ( i do n't recall the whole phrase ) . 
  it sounds so wrong . 
  i played 5 games but i got an email of 400 gems instead of curse apollo , the problem is that they ca n't be redeemed in the na servers and i also did n't got the skin i wanted . 
  maybe the reason is because i live in latam but i play in na ( better ping ) i really hope there 's a way to get around this . 
  fifa is bad because of the qatar and russia world cup problems but i would say the method of giving more spots to the better regions is fair , considering how early is in china and how much better na and eu are compared to lat . 
  god , and i thought losing 14-0 in a sunday league when i was a kid was depressing . 
  bar\u00e7a always thinking about possession, 
  yes please , i do n't want 400 gems that can only be redeemed in latam i only want curse apollo , since i got the curse promo gems before without a problem when it first came out . 
  every god can go in the solo lane if you know how but it 's not what they planned for the god , in osiris reveal he had rage and deathbringer in his build and it 's also very common to see it [ right now ] ( http://www.grappul.com/stats?c=osiris ) and his playstyle is very different from chaac too . 
  i 'm not saying crits are good on osiris , i 'm showing you that most of the people build crits . 
  i build osiris , death toll , pen boots , qin 's sais , witchblade , magi 's blessing , and other 2 situational items . 
  i got a guy who threw insults to absolutely everyone on my team , and in the aftermatch lobby he called me all the bm you can think about but my team did n't reported him because we won , i also send a ticket with screenshots and that guy is still playing . 
  i hope he starts playing different gods in the mid lane , he can influence in making mid lane having a bigger god pool because as soon as pro player does something everybody does . 
  the new sandler, 
  some people even said he was the kind of guy who will stay at the club for a long time and maybe be captain, 
  the fans even bought a pig head to celebrate , unfortunately it fell down to the pitch, 
  yeah i thought he had an identity crisis when they did n't knew if use him as cb or dm but knowing how matic is so superior , and that cahil had better positioning luiz really did n't had a place in the team . 
  hopefully the 1-7 at the wc left a mark and he learns that he ca n't do everything from the back . 
  they 're trying to redeem themselves with smite ( which is actually making money ), 
  i remember people building deathbringer and rage on tyr and still be super tanky, 
  maybe like youngbae said oddbow is a fun item but really trash, 
  you ca n't afford hog and emerald talisman at the start of the game and you need hog for mana camp, 
  you save hog in the camps to push faster the lane by hoging the lane minions , you still need it unless you have a god with great push like odin , sylvanus or aphrodite . 
  i think the problem is that if they tell them what kind of cheat the system can detect , now cheaters know what not to use and how to fix it and they tell their cheater friends in forums and cheaters continue playing without problems ; at least that 's what it was happening in counter strike . 
  because low level lol is full of smurfs leveling their accounts to have a another chance to `` get out of elo hell '' in ranked and they assumed you were too . 
  rank 10 aphro that thinks that her heal only works when you hit enemies . 
  please do not read the youtube comments ( everyone knows not to do it but just in case ), 
  shadowq got matched with someone with -280 elo , and they ask why he was n't enjoying the game, 
  depends on the distance you travel , ice does n't instantly melt when you leave a cold environment . 
  i 've seen people in mexico that still uses big blocks of ice to cool stuff in street markets and the weather is 100 \u00b0 . 
  i love easy a and friends with benefits but can you tell me about annie if you saw it , i 'm hearing so much bad words about it . 
  if it helps i also saw fired up and i did n't thought it was that bad but i would n't see it again . 
  the people that complain about this probably did n't start playing videogames when we had pre-rendered cinematics like final fantasy or diablo . 
  watching `` gone girl '' was enough to not need a real life lesson . 
  i think this was a good ending if you see it as a dark comedy rather than a thriller . 
  at the end the couple [ spoiler and some theory ] ( / s `` stay married `` happily ever after '' and you , the viewer , are basically go in the whole movie you know what she knows and you feel what she feels towards nick dunne , unless you hate nick . '' ), 
  at least i thought it was funny . 
  how do i fix it ? 
  it comes down to the player , serqet is equally strong and repikas and could n't handle his jungle and got shut down . 
  they played to shut her down and succeeded just that . 
  it 's like saying lassiz is not a good jungler because he did n't performed in the regionals . 
  he has a vault that i want it to be open if kevin smith is not lying, 
  that could be even worse than the regular ending, 
  a little place called `` su imaginacion '', 
  he has good potential but he ca n't carry a show , i think he needs good producers or writers . 
  i think marvel really rushed in to making this movie and it has a really bad clich\u00e9 story , the second time you see it it 's not as cool even the first one some things did n't really clicked . 
  160 comments 10 points . 
  freya fucked dwarves for a necklace . 
   worst internet in the fucking world, 
  it 's like you want to sound edgy by saying it , axl has one of the biggest vocal ranges and i could n't imagine the songs without his voice, 
  why does mexican origin has better prices ? 
  shifter 's ^ is ^ ^ still ^ ^ ^ defense , but i personally think this build is the best you can just get beads to counter cc or use it to stun twice really quick . 
  i bet she used to have a dortmund pic too, 
  cheaper prices are bad ? 
  it used to be better tho , the prices were in pesos previously . 
  i like the movie but i do n't think it 's the best of the 2014 , the problem is that too many people that only watched it for the hype did n't liked it . 
  so far he 's right, 
  i wanted so see the hummels telling no with his finger to chielini complete, 
  i understand that simulation is a yellow but i see way to many referees that do n't enforce it especially in someone that is known for that . 
  i was thinking in selling 1 of the these ones but i was n't sure which one , i guess i can just sell them now . 
  it 's funny when redditors try make a joke or pun thread out of a bot comment like it made sense, 
  also [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pjxsyhb.png ) sounds so sad, 
  that was like `` dude you just do n't get this obscure reference '', 
  400 + hours since last year , unfortunately i had to stop for school right now, 
  it 's not like global elites do n't have it too, 
  motherfucking american sniper has 340,000,000 you just want to say edgy things, 
  he has critical acclaim , awards , blockbusters , small movies that get mentioned because he is in them , main cast in franchises ... what else do you think someone needs to be called a movie star . 
  how long since you have seen a race ? 
  with drs ( aero changes ) and kers ( sort of boost ) there 's quite a lot of passing in f1 . 
  and what is david luiz to you ? 
  [ here ] ( http://worditout.com/word-cloud/make-a-new-one ),
