  i only feel bad when i see them as free agents years after i release them but i prefer to include them as a pack to when i buy a player so i can get the wages and not spend additional money, 
  i too play beast mode and everton is a good place to start, 
  i see the same thing but i 'm just watching american sitcoms, 
  this album 's name is tumblrporn, 
  brazil 2008 , [ one of the saddest memories i have from f1 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/massa_brazil_2008_podium.jpg ), 
  in 2009 , with the new regulations the teams were all over the place , ferrari and mclaren had shitty cars and redbull had engine issues that weekend . 
  also brawn gp was not having a great weekend and the experienced guys , jarno trulli and giancarlo took the top spots with consistent cars . 
  i love how some people here get pissed that the mls does n't get the recognition of an european league when the last time a us team won the concachampions was 15 years ago . 
  they have a long way to go, 
  \\ #analytics, 
  singler just shoots very strong that 's why he misses, 
  did n't warriors pass the ball to someone behind the line ? 
  ok , it was just so fast i did n't saw it, 
  what is the tone of the book the power and the glory ? 
  it 's the story of a whiskey priest in mexico but what should i expect ? 
  i 've heard great things about great expectations , yes it is long but i 'll put it in the list in case i get rejected . 
  yes , they gave us freedom to choose from all those years , so at the end of the analysis you show a class about your book and compare to the others classes . 
  lol , 800 pages of some heavy content , but i need a book with a story . 
  6 that 's why i stay far from the latam server , in my experience mexicans have zero culture of sportsman-like behavior in gaming , i 'm mexican but i communicate in english and do n't act like a cunt , trash talking everyone and showing `` my sick skills '' . 
  what do you get in the season ticket ? 
  i was n't around for s2 and a lot of things changed, 
  why would anyone think he was worth that much ? 
  inter pulled a reverse juventus, 
  yeah , like sometimes i think we lose matches because of me , dcing fires up the enemy team and try to comeback . 
  plus if the match ends without me i get deserter and get match we bmers and real leavers . 
  im trying this tomorrow, 
  they are part of the teams in liga mx that get a lot of calls in their favor . 
  ca n't wait to watch him , solo lane is almost a question of mentality in competitive and i agree if you do n't enjoy playing , do n't force yourself, 
  i hate watching him stand up and heckle the players on knicks games but he does seem like a cool dude, 
  club de cuervos , i 've only seen the first 5 episodes but so far it 's good, 
  [ shitty quality but ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfghvsvxzua ), 
  yes , luminosity is the new name, 
  this is like saying that shooting deep 3 pointers is the most efficient way to play basketball because steph curry makes them . 
  divios will only make players think they can be him and pick rata in solo lane . 
  he does a thing with his jaw and suddenly turns into a sociopath, 
  i 've played this game since 05 and i 'm pretty sure they 'll never fix it, 
  the gang writes a sitcom, 
  in the first mobas there was an actual jungle and the role of jungler sticks to other games just like adc when here there is not ad stat . 
  i know shadowq is misplaying sometimes and ventium has not carried a game but i think they have a chance to split since they just split to enemy . 
  maybe that 's me the guy that chose split on denial vs. enemy . 
  enemy , luminosity and envyus will swept their series . 
  and i do n't know enough about eu except for panthera . 
  i know ranked does n't count but i saw a game skeledoon and shadowq vs homie , jigz and another guy from soar were even though shadow lost they kept the game close by doing fg behind their backs like 3 times with really shitty teammates , i wonder what can they do with the real team . 
  are people still sleeping on enemy ? 
  we will see , so much can happen in a year but i still think they are great and have awesome teamwork . 
  old ao kuang triggers me , when i was a noob the poly and voidstone in every mage meta , plus double stacks on ao kuang was so scary , the tornados made my life hell . 
  maybe , tbh i could n't catch this game but the way enemy plays the game reminds me of cog red when it was just starting , everything lead to an objective and they started kicking ass but in the end cog prime became winners . 
  i know , i know but they do n't play with the same dominance , cog prime only choked in lans until late 2014 . 
  am i the only one hearing chipotle instead of it 's your boy ? 
  http://gruporivas.com.mx/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/la-arrolladora-banda-el-limon.jpg that does n't stop this kind of bands in latin america . 
  not ska but can you imagine the split . 
  he talks like the guy from bad lip reading is doing his voice . 
  nobody does the fg or gf anyways, 
  to me the only downside to this new comp is that junglers get behind on xp and gold very often and lassiz will get focused so he never gets online goes on tilt and loses the game . 
  that was the story of the dignitas times and i hope it is n't the one from this year . 
  i understand but panthera  allegiance , if lassiz gets behind , oceans will have to carry them , and if panthera gets behind anyone can step up . 
  i 'm just saying this because alg has not done anything that convince me they can be top 4 , they took a game from denial and envyus who was coming from playing a series not even 10 mins before . 
  most likely this change will make the turnaround . 
  they need to show how many single accounts bet on which team . 
  99 voted for cc to win , maybe they bet big . 
  i still like the song, 
  artemis too, 
  i want hunahpu , xbalanque 's brother to be in the game and some kind of passive that synergizes to xbal passive or maybe just a real troll god since that is what he was . 
  which makes me think , have you ever seen zapman and zapman in the same room ? 
  maybe they 're played a week early since nobody picked skadi . 
  i 'm smelling some drama, 
  he is mad because they gave him a defective jungler, 
  i 'm going to give k = 40 for regular season and 60 for tournement and finals, 
  do you know how elo works ? 
  if not i can explain you , but if you do then i just gave everyone 1500 and use http://i.imgur.com/zbuekqb.png this formula , http://i.imgur.com/em7sxk6.png this how it looks if panthera splits to fnatic . 
  i did this for all the previous weeks until today . 
  next week i 'll show which team lost the most points and who won the most . 
  i used this values for a previous work i did on soccer and just took the same values . 
  i thought about having a lower k value for the first games but then i thought what the hell let 's just do this . 
  does n't lol have runes you can buy that improve your stats in game ; also for $ 25 you wo n't get more than 10 champions . 
  i do n't think alg can take a game out of luminosity , so far with the new team comp they took 2 games from randzos who are the worst team in the spl and a game from nv who are in my opinion a similar team to them . 
  are the 2 alg matches played back to back ? 
  that could be hard on them and more if luminosity sets the pace of the games . 
  if that 's the case soar will play two teams that have btb games in the next 2 weeks , they will take advantage of it . 
  i spot 3 supports in the top 10 , i remember when it was hunters and junglers only . 
  probably netflix has the international version , because they 're blank too if you watch in mexico for instance, 
  yeah i remember that shadowq climbed like crazy when the heavy hammer start was still a thing then it got nerfed and went back to trying to carry teammates that get solo 'd by the minions, 
  watch barraccudda on twitch , i would say zapman but you could learn bad habits that only crazy good players can pull off . 
  barra is not only mechanically good but he has good decision making . 
  also what 's your build ? 
  do i smell a conspiracy ? 
  i liked it when it was a joke subreddit back when he was n't taken serious but know i wish candidates subs ( bernie , trump , hillary ) were banned from r/all . 
  true , just look at oasis, 
  and people were saying fnatic was free fp and worse than randozos . 
  fnatic still has a chance of being 3 or 4 seed if they gain some momentum given the players they have . 
  bruh you just ca n't support a team if you do n't live 3 blocks from the stadium . 
  sometimes in post match threads , the same comment can get downvoted to hell \u2248 -400 votes , and 5 mins later someone posts the same thing and goes to the top . 
  also they love the word cunt , it does n't even have an effect anymore you just post it every time you talk about chelsea . 
  yeah i know , even i like him as a villain , there are more creative ways to describe him . 
  or r/hearthstone for deckslots , not anymore tho, 
  whiteside should just release his poetry collection , some of the things he says in snapchat are hilarious . 
  in hispanic football , refs are part of the show . 
  kanye gives a lot of reasons to hate him if you never listen to his music or maybe just his hits . 
  once you listen to his other albums you know he is self-aware and builds upon his mistakes . 
  and jacquelyn running into james,
