  fun fact : mexico plays more games in usa than mexico since more than 10 years ago , the problem is not the citizens in the country . 
  lol , you 're so clearly ignorant, 
  i mean just show me those 5 nations and how good they are, 
  un ejemplo es [ aqui ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/4vm2of/mexico_fans_throwing_bottles_at_player_taking/d5zm35x ) que dice que mexico no debe organizar torneos cuando la realidad es que ya casi no juega en territorio mexicano . 
  he is just 3 years older than kris dunn but he has 11 years of pro experience holy shit . 
  those sure are african countries . 
  mexico goes out of the wc in the second round but at least we qualify unlike :, 
  croatia , spain , italy , england , portugal and russia in 2014 . 
  and we lost to the eventual third place . 
  or france , italy , and switzerland in the 2010 wc . 
  belgium did not qualified for that . 
  mexico would be fine in europe . 
  what about koscielny ? 
  is he starting ? 
  thank you , did n't know i guess i have make some changes, 
  they should sidebar how scores in major review sites work , i see so many people bringing rt scores to show how much of a masterpiece a film is . 
  some of them i assume are good shots . 
  i support the team he plays and goddamn my dad wants to fucking kill himself every match until he scores . 
  i like him because even though he is almost a black hole he is always attacking and trying to win the ball . 
  even in his book he said that he started respecting a rival because he ( the opponent ) called him a bitch . 
  inb4 that 's not how it goes , sorry for butchering the story i read a long time ago . 
  i think he got carried by brilliant attacking players , aimar , prime torres , gerrard and higuain . 
  it 's a combination of everybody loved you until they actually saw you play , they do n't want to listen to any smug rm fans anywhere and / r/soccer loves the underdog . 
  and you win or you die, 
  i 'm seeing people hyping kouyate ( 5.5 m ) but he only got 2 points more than kante ( 5.0 m ) . 
  kante played 25 mins more than kouyate in the entire season , if think he is just a safe option because i believe chelsea will play actual defense this year . 
  the title suggests bands they never did something as good as the first , but the comments here make me think that you guys believe that if their first are one of the greats their other albums are shit . 
  the jump on quality may be big but that does n't mean the next 2 albums were not one of the best of the year . 
  they lost me in angles tho . 
  why seven pounds has 27 % rt tho , i understand how rt works but i thought it was the kind of movie that critics like . 
  he should be a dolphin voiced by christopher walken , first i was thinking a woman therapist ( cate blanchett ) but then the writers would make bojack fuck her and ruin everything . 
  except the thunder were 1 win away from the finals . 
  i like chance but he should really stick to rapping or step up in the singing department because he sounds so bad . 
  i saw this on reddit : like sex on the beach , fucking close to water, 
  use ya in moderation too because it cheapens the game when you have a team full of under 30 ya products . 
  can i offer advice ? 
  here 's a video deconstructing the way he speaks . 
  [ trailblazers , nba team from portland , will travel 56,584 miles in 51/2 months for their 2016/2017 schedule . 
  that 's 27 times the us from coast to coast or 1802 times the channel tunnel ] ( http://clutchpoints.com/trail-blazers-will-travel-56584-miles-upcoming-season-nba/ ), 
  i find it really strange too , if they expanded to seattle and another west coast city ( vancouver and draft a chinese player ) and they moved the wolves , memphis or nola to the east , so many things will be better . 
  well you 're not going to shit a tent, 
  i would like to see the per 36 mins stat , clearly we do n't see the full picture, 
  fifa has something against de gea since in previous games manu played ben amos or lindegaard instead . 
  how do you know this tags ? 
  i have aguero , gray and defoe , am i an idiot ? 
  is this recent wave of racism a reaction to the recent over-pc movement ? 
  i do n't know if my eyes are more open or rampant racism is making a strong push recently . 
  i 'm not saying this post is racist , i 'm saying that people are abusing a social movement and everything is going to be off the rails in about 2 years . 
  what i meant is that i 'm seeing more racist posts ( against black , hispanic , arabic and asian ) in reddit everyday compared to 2010 when i started to use this site . 
  i think it 's because bigots get angry when they get called out more frequently and start to say more racist shit claiming free speech . 
  although you have to accept that apologizing for everything , even when taken out of context , it 's getting pretty annoying . 
  like ellen with his usain bolt joke that clearly was n't trying to make an offense towards black people . 
  `` i miss that time when young people respected their elders , music was better and everybody had to earn everything '' every man over 50 ever, 
  o'quinn faced worse players since he was bench, 
  i think baseball and basketball can get away with using stats because they 're more easy to follow since the games are turn based . 
  possessions are created by successful tackles or by the opponent turning over the ball or scoring ; no outs or or timed possessions . 
  and many times the team with the most possessions does n't win . 
  i personally do not use streetwear because i do n't think it looks good on me , so i consider myself an outsider . 
  imo 80 % of the things posted here are honestly not my thing/or good at all , at first sight it looks very silly but watching the top posts here made me a subscriber and i respect this trend . 
  add the fact that somebody who does n't follow the trend might mistake you for a hipster and follow their prejudice at least in my city there 's a bad stigma towards hipsters because `` it 's the cool thing to hate hipsters '' . 
  only if you do n't have it inside, 
  ca n't argue with your first paragraphs because neither of us now the full truth but ... 
  in baseball there 's 9 innings were both teams try to score a run , in basketball there 's like 95 possessions per team to try and score points . 
  in football it 's more complicated because not every time there 's even possession and not every time the one with more wins . 
  leicester city was 3rd worst possession % , 2nd worst pass accuracy , biggest % of shots against their inside box but they won the league with 10 points to spare . 
  what i 'm saying is that there 's so many ways to play football that you ca n't create a stat and say this is how you play football like in basketball trashing ai because he was statistically inefficient . 
  so true , once i was in a cafe and a guy that looked very hipster ( portlandia-like ) told his friends that hipsters ruined the feel of the place . 
  i 'm not saying they ca n't be done , i mean they will not be as effective as those sports but well that 's just me , i still believe that poachers ( even if they do n't provide anything but positioning and headers ) are viable but european national teams ( except england ) seem to struggle to find an elite player like that . 
  basically i just do n't know what to say when somebody tells me that kanye is just crazy but i think this is a good explanation of what he does and why people think the wrong thing about him . 
  they were n't bad , they were just not up to standard . 
  i believe those episodes were just made for people that think that a show owes them closure . 
  can you believe his lies !, 
  he knows no boundaries, 
  it was too good to be true that i was in 52k overall and now , i 'm taking ls everywhere i have stones , lamela , gray and ag\u00fcero :( i do n't want to wildcard because i still believe in my squad but i do n't know if i should do it . 
  they would look like mirror 's edge speedruns https://youtu.be/rqq9kzne-mc?t=32s, 
  chicharito for diego costa , who says no ? 
  let 's hold a prayer for / u/penpapershotgun . 
   for all intensive purposes, 
  intents and purposes, 
   i hope he stops driving immediately before an actual accident happens . 
  holy kneejerk, 
  this is lewis hamilton 10 years ago granted it 's gp2 and not the same speeds but they 're still enough to cause a major accident , they still gave him a car the next year and i remember how they were shitting on him because he was in a `` win now , whatever it takes '' mentality . 
  max is even younger than lewis was in that video , he will grow out of his stupidly aggressive style of racing . 
  what he did was a cunt move and he is not the first one to do this he gets targeted because he is the new kid . 
  i was expecting the a e s t h e t i c s song, 
  which monologues do you mean ? 
  he was gay he used to go grocery shopping in the morning with his boyfriend when he used to live in monterrey . 
  genuine question , which episode robin and ted started to repeat odd words and why ? 
  something like somebody says `` it 's circumstantial '' and then they both say circumstantial, 
  thanks, 
  yeah i kinda lost track as to why they did that in later seasons since i did n't binge watch them but now i 'm doing a rerun and i was trying to catch when they do that ( among other little jokes ) . 
  i 'm still in season 1 tho so looking forward to that episode . 
  reminds me of a similar thread in r/nba ewing and garnett are goats they 're sweaty during the national anthem, 
  i should have bet all my money that you specifically made a comment against kawhi in this thread . 
  i have you tagged as kawhi hater i would show you why but you deleted your comments, 
  to me there 's nothing wrong with a foreign barcelona ( or european club ) fan , but i think that the very same fans that support barca and talk shit about spain and say things like free catalu\u00f1a are very cringy . 
  in mexico you kinda pick a cl team ( i know a lot of people that have shirts from multiple teams ) to talk about with your friends and watch good football because obviously our teams will never get in and the concacaf cl is not the same ( my team won 3 times in a row from 2011-2013 ) . 
  other times you just support a team with a mexican player in it like yours . 
  imo it 's the premier league , there 's a reason why it 's the most watched league in the world without being the best one ( right now la liga , even though it 's a 2 horse race , has more quality and it 's proven around europe ) . 
  since 2005 until today only barcelona and real madrid have won the league with the other ending second .
