  this groups are n't about bringing white people down it 's about bringing them up to an equal level and fix the issues within the society . 
  but when people say `` blm '' , white people say `` hey all lives matter ! '' . 
  they know all of them do but what they are trying to say is that black lives matter too not that they are the only ones that matter . 
  just because he is a racist asshole it does n't give everyone of you assholes to make jokes about his legs . 
  that is fucked up and you guys should be more like the guy recording . 
  i 'm not defending his ignorance but you guys are really showing your character making fun of him and getting in his level, 
  [ was that water inside one of this ? 
  ] ( http://sanchosmexican.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/aguas-frescas-2.png ), 
  check oscar robertson 's when he was in high school compared to his pro career . 
  they did so much fucked up stuff to him that it broke him . 
  everyone thought he was an angry asshole but he was misunderstood . 
  he said `` to write a love song , you have to have had your heart broken . 
  if that 's the case , i can state right here and now that i could write the greatest songs in the world '', 
  chino and pelon are really common too, 
  that movie made me read the book . 
  i love both of them because they are so well crafted and it shows that both artists cared about it . 
  not everyone in hollywood is friends with each other . 
  not everyone is in child abuse rings . 
  sometimes curry ca n't hit transition 3s from the logo, 
  in last 7 weeks i only made 4 transfers ( 2 double transfers ) because i focused on school . 
  i saw that kane scored 8 in the last 3 and thought what could have been if he was n't my vice-captain . 
  i still got 107 with 16 in the bench on gw37 tho . 
  you always post this and i thought you were a bot but you actually use different sentences , why ? 
  h3h3 channel has 604,702,773 views on 258 videos . 
  ethan and hila channel has 159,420,813 views on 148 videos . 
  post malone vevo has 321,730,252 views on 8 videos . 
  post malone channel has 379,431,268 views on 8 videos . 
  no doubt that post has a better rate and future therefore he is more famous . 
  plus consider that reddit does n't represent the rest of the internet much less the world . 
  i know but my point is : even though ethan is well known in a few circles of the internet , you ca n't compare it to having mainstream attention in addition to youtube and reddit fame . 
  note : post has 500,000 + on his 3 most played songs on spotify , can you imagine how many more on other platforms and mass media channels ? 
  that 's why i say that post is bigger than ethan . 
  who 's going to tell katy perry tho, 
  right ? 
  we 're laughing at bad comedy yet you guys upvote this . 
  but he still charts on billboard and he got 19,000 on pure album sales in the first 2 weeks according to wikipedia ( the source from there looks legit ) . 
  and he went platinum on album equivalent sales based on the riaa standards ( radio play , streaming services , digital sales and physical sales ) . 
  remember when they asked 76ers who they will pick and they answered simmgram or something like that to create suspense when everybody knew they were picking simmons . 
  this is the 2017 version . 
  they are picking ball . 
  simmons with ball is 2 guys whose skills overlap ( elite vision and excellent in transition ) and simmons looks so much better , imo they will feel weird together and they should n't be together . 
  but if ball does n't get picked by the lakers then he will be picked by the sixers since they are n't afraid of skills overlapping ( judging by the amount of big men they have ) . 
  well , the next thing i 'm going to say is anecdotal : i live in mexico and i see a lot of people i do n't know listening to post ( white iverson and congratulations ) at my college . 
  i do n't think they would recognize him but they recognize his music . 
  but maybe it 's just me being in college in a big city in a school that wants to be trendy . 
  if came to sing in a festival people would know like 3 songs tops . 
  they roast the shit out of each other . 
  i never use twitter but i do to read whatever they are using as a meme . 
  this is so right , i 'm mexican and i really dislike that there so little represantion of hispanics that is n't the typical guy with an accent speaking shitty spanish ( 95 % of the time the actors are not fluent ) . 
  i do n't want to be represented by this walking stereotype that takes siestas ( nobody takes siestas in mexico we 're busy being overworked ) . 
  i want to see a regular dude that happens to have hispanic parents . 
  at least brooklyn 99 is doing it right, 
  black people twitter is hilarious . 
  they pick on people on the regular sometimes it 's just fun sometimes it 's mean spirited , but at the end of the day they pick on all kinds of people , including black people . 
  es que no los censuraron . 
  right ? 
  he talks like he did some intense research and works in the field but he actually is just listening to nutjobs on the internet and claiming `` they '' know things regular people do n't know . 
  everybody wants that but he doubles down saying we should question everything and not take everything face value and use critical thinking . 
  which is a good argument but not in defense of crazy conspiracy theories . 
  they are dj khaled 's enemies and he goes out on his jet ski to battle them everyday . 
  maybe i ai n't woke enough, 
  war on mainstream media is kinda mixed . 
  it 's part what you said , and part the media sensationalism , and thinking they are all mighty in terms of who controls the information . 
  they used to control the window to the things outside of your community and now the internet replaced them . 
  since there are different sites with different biases ( and an abundance of fake news sites ) people right now do n't know what to believe . 
  just fyi `` el mejor del mundo '' means the best in the world in a sense of 1 man being the best . 
  `` lo mejor del mundo '' means the best in the world for things or people which you ca n't specify the gender , in this case groups of songs and artists . 
  lol i get you tho . 
  i was referring to fake news on facebook and twitter . 
  as i said , the news were blowing everything out of proportion when all their breaking news stories were being covered by other outlets online . 
  now when a dumb ass actually runs the country , they just think that it 's the news blowing everything out of proportion when in reality it 's just trump being a clown . 
  he sold me that series . 
  i started episode 1 and did n't finished it but someone told the stories are n't related so skipped to episode 3 and god damn i wanted more after that episode . 
  i dislike hearing so much about him but that conversation could be used in iasip with dee being kristine and dennis being lavar, 
  how are the showrunners racist ? 
  i listened to a podcast last month and it convince me to give the show a chance since i saw that justin simien was n't an idiot . 
  because some teenagers use shows as a guide to handle shit in life . 
  and the show wanted to send a message of `` we need to do better '' . 
  if you want to send a message you better be accurate or stupid teens will take the wrong idea . 
  could they add a third round of the draft ? 
  maybe it ' recency bias but there are still really good players in the second round , the world is sending more players and now there 's more roster spots than before . 
  with how easy is to loan players to the g-league i think it 's good to let 18 year olds play there . 
  an example is ricky rubio playing pro in spain since he was 14 , as a point gaurd , actually playing games is good to your iq and by the time ricky came to the nba he was basically a savant . 
  he is just 26 and it feels like his has been around forever . 
  i do n't know much about the nfl , why are linebackers starting to be so fast in the 40 yard dash ? 
  was that a thing before ? 
  oh fuck me if i saw a 300 pound guy running at me like this i would just cry and accept my fate . 
  i would never recover . 
  to expand sometimes someone with black hair gets called `` mi negrita '' ( my little black one ) and its said with love . 
  thanks bronco !, 
  i live there and the air this last year sucks , it 's not like before . 
  but hey monterrey is not entirely dull , some parts of san nicolas , and guadalupe are nice . 
  tec and contry are also great . 
  life is strange feels better though . 
  all telltale games feel awful to play and the only thing that keeps me playing is the story . 
  i hate when they try to throw you what they like in everyone 's faces . 
  the logic on some people i knew like that was `` there 's < top 40 songs  on the speakers why ca n't i play my music '' when it was obvious nobody liked her music and everyone else at least tolerates top 40 songs . 
  r/pawg top all time post made me laugh when i saw what the subreddit was about, 
  he is now screenshotting sad tweets to post later thanks to you, 
  this movie would have been perfect if they showed the ramona from the comics .
