  it 's like wiping your ass standing up or sitting down . 
  he is listed as rw in fifa which is where most people base their assumptions when they do n't watch him play often . 
  yann tiersen , specifically amelie 's soundtrack . 
  or when they change your assignment to the guy driving just as he is scoring and your grade goes down . 
  del toro should release this in form of graphic novel with the characters based in real actors . 
  the quality of the video itself is awesome, 
  nowhere near as bad as everyone says but it 's not a top 5 bond song . 
  after getting out of the shower and you do n't know if you 're still wet or sweating, 
  and psn was n't as good as he said , imo it was way worse than xbox . 
  i 've played cod and battlefield in both consoles ( also pc but dedicated servers are so much better than the console way ) and the worse connection was the ps3 . 
  another thing my xbox got the red ring of death and got the whole process right in less than 2 weeks and it still works . 
  he is only angry because of the awful experiences he had but nice to see he can add some humor . 
  starring robert pattinson, 
  also i am certain i got a new one instead of repaired since they asked you to take out custom faceplates and hdd . 
  move to argentina, 
  what did you not get ? 
  in terms of story it 's about how history repeats itself and how something small in the past can have a big effect in the future . 
  in terms of the movie it is told in different genres for every timeline like sci fi , drama , comedy , thriller . 
  it is somewhat confusing and many people did n't like it but i think it 's worth watching it . 
  it 's not a mindfuck to me either but it 's hard to follow for most people . 
  and no need to try to insult a movie because you did n't like it , it was a good movie based on a good book it was n't for everyone but it was well done . 
  [ us fans right now ] ( https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/ad-new-attitude-mariachi1.jpg ), 
  this is reddit you 're talking about, 
  i think it 's pretty stupid of her to compare her role to the ones of bale , renner and cooper ; it 's not even close to important to the story and the one ripped off it 's amy adams , so why make herself the example . 
  i have n't seen anything that lena dunham gets her hands on that i like , how does she even convince celebrities to listen her advice ? 
  1 song in rock band 3, 
  whatever , it 's so much better than naming your team wildcats or something like that . 
  i turned off the commentators because when they made predictions of the next match they were insanely accurate . 
  things like `` i think they 're going to lose this one '' and then concede the losing goal at the last minute makes me really angry, 
  makes you appreciate alonso 's starts more than before, 
  chelsea wo n't be in the playoffs , so it 's time for a rebuild, 
  lol this guy thinks that `` advanced stats '' are a good way to analyze a song , like the lyric complexity makes a good song , by that logic mozart sucks . 
  he is just mad because he is shit dancing and does n't have friends to have fun about that . 
  ca n't believe this post got 1.2 k upvotes, 
   this nigga lost in the sauce & his bitch lost in the game, 
  i 'm not even half into the story and i feel this best thing i 've read, 
  al angel, 
  not every kid enjoys playing dota 2, 
  neo-nazis join kkk 's quentin tarantino boycott , the reason for this is that the hollywood director paints them in bad light in his films . 
  it was a joke guys , damn, 
  why do people like the squid and the whale so much , i saw it and while i did n't hate i would n't give more than 7 , am i missing something ? 
  frances ha was a better movie form the same director . 
  if you guys do n't mind spanish , here 's a legal stream as an alternative . 
  oh sorry i did not know that . 
  you can use vpn and use a mexican address and that might work, 
  trailers are done by marketing people instead of filmmakers and some of them are following the formula their bosses tell them . 
  the best thing is giving the guy credit , other sports just take things without saying anything . 
  it sucks they only play on mexico city as if it 's the only city in the country . 
  that is still the center of the country , monterrey , torreon and guadalajara still exists . 
  since 2010 they do n't play there and i bet monterrey can fill 2 stadiums in the same day if it means seeing mexico play . 
  everything i read about / r/europe it 's about how racist they are, 
  explains mexico / s, 
  i heard many guys saying that melo will leave the knicks this year but i since kp 's first game they are all quiet, 
  you never know who is going to get offended or call racism, 
  i need a gif of that, 
  it 's funny either way and you did n't accidentally bought furniture because of the episode so why are you mad, 
  it was more of a joke that an attempt to be controversial, 
  but you were rewatchng it on netflix so no commercials , and you 're not signing a contract man they have a license to do whatever they want with their show and you happen to watch it . 
  i know it 's the point but they sold out in a funny way . 
  i 'm not an idiot , it 's just that you should learn to appreciate a show instead of being all / r/hailcorporate just ignore the fact they got paid it 's not like they 're denying it . 
  dude you wanted a discussion in the first place , some people just downvote and move on, 
  i think it depends where you live but now you can get seguro popular in case you do n't have a formal employment and for the ( little ) money you pay it 's a good enough service but we ca n't afford enough medics and the money we give is not enough to get better things . 
  `` no chille o le doy razon para que lo haga '' borderline abuse, 
  levelup is shit that 's why, 
  it says in the description that he got sponsored by walmart it 's not the first time but he does it for games he does like . 
  he played smite before he did a sponsored video saying he liked it, 
  i thought they were rebooting it with alicia vikander, 
  in italy it 's almost encouraged to argue with the ref after a call, 
  i 'll say the second , i used to browse an argentine website and they always said mexicans were dumbasses without culture plus they get more angry when a `` yanqui '' thinks argentinians are mexicans . 
  your gay friend sounds like he is a total homosexual, 
  let me see if i get it but kg says that you can play with the opponents momentum , by looking at their feet ? 
  this is the kind of dribble messi does and it 's the most effective and hardest to counter, 
  who tracked your numbers ? 
  will have different meaning soon, 
  hopefully january is another march 2015 :(, 
  yes i see your point but this and january are my last months and i wo n't get a new subscription so i want it to be good , one can only hope, 
  i would n't say purely , most of the threads about chicharito have replies along the lines of `` top bloke , he is always happy to play man utd/real are fools for letting him go '' but yeah mexicans want to see their best striker in years succeed at a starter role . 
  thanks for the reply , so many of them with plenty of work but very few lead roles, 
  listen to graduation to me it 's his best album, 
  it was an internet rumor , tom said it was n't true but i ca n't find the video . 
  they only wrote it because they were exhausted and depressed from doing so many concerts without going home . 
  they retired the song from live concerts because they were very good friends with dj am ( adam goldstein ) who was a drug addict with suicidal tendencies in his early 20s until he died in 2009 . 
  so maybe they got the inspiration from him , idk that 's just my theory . 
  i remember when people used to think the first captain america was garbage and then something suddenly changed with avengers . 
  it can happen again with man of steel if bvs succeds . 
  [ a true master ] ( https://twitter.com/jamesblunt/status/436920164735795200 ), 
  one bad sportsmanship play and suddenly soccer is silly , a joke and the reason you would n't watch any league . 
  you guys are incredible . 
  do n't act like it does n't happen in other sports, 
  hundreds of matches are played all around the globe , here they just like to post the shitty ones, 
  kyle singod with the dunk, 
  i would n't say the majority but ethan hawke has done a lot of work and some of his movies are really shit . 
  they 're tanking for a better draft pick obviusly, 
  it 's called channel drift , they do it when a channel does n't have as many subscribers to afford good content . 
  chicharito can play a two striker system very well , he did it in manu , mexico and real madrid . 
  does he only eat egg whites ? 
  it seems like it 's the only thing he eats for breakfast, 
  major keys, 
  i wonder who tells him not to eat breakfast, 
  it all makes sense,
