  negrito in most spanish speaking countries is not a racial slur , it 's just like calling your black skin or hair girlfriend `` mi negrita '' . 
  not sure in uruguay tho . 
  he looks a bit familiar, 
  which language experts ? 
  i live in mexico , how did he pronuonce it ? , negro in the english phonetic n\u026a\u0259g\u0279o it 's a slur but negrito in the spanish phonetic it 's not . 
  e like in set or e like in meat . 
  this reads like a r/iamverysmart post, 
  i see , both are in the wrong by adressing each other in a bad manner , evra started it but suarez went over the line when he says that he does n't speak to blacks . 
  it 's aimed for children to get them back on the looney tunes but it will have some things aimed towards the `` 90s kids '' in the background or as innuendo jokes . 
  relevant, 
  tbf eu is in a bad spot now if you do n't count panthera . 
  same with audio, 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ original ^ ^ ^ comment ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ same ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  not a fan of chris brown but i ca n't deny he kinda made an effort in this track . 
  i loved since release and i think chance is the future . 
  i have 58 % correct picks ( not counting opl ) , should i give advice too ? 
  hey me too , let 's team up, 
  this really hurts randozos chances of going to dreamhack, 
  that 's the problem with small markets , but i 'm sure next events we will se an oce team . 
  have n't seen the new god , does he look like him or plays like him ? 
  1 code goes wrong and suddenly hirez is a top 5 hitler, 
  solo lane relies on having a decent team that takes you to late game so yo can come and destroy everyone since you 're fed . 
  without a good early and mid game there 's not much you can do unless your name is baskin . 
  i thought english was one of the easy ones . 
  since it does n't have gender , accents ( like \u00e1\u00e9\u00ed\u00f3\u00fa ) , it uses 26 roman letters and verbs only have like 4 forms . 
  true , people forget about him because he has n't been tested against soar or nme and eu is a mess right now . 
  i know , what i mean is , this thread was made based the one game that happened today . 
  so what i say is that if you have nme vs. panthera again today yammyn will dominate . 
  i 'm late but my favorite is `` feels to big for the club '' when i won the league twice in 3 years and won the cl with him . 
  it 's crazy how all fantasy tales start with thai hookers, 
  apparently his movie desierto is not good , but i have n't seen it since it 's currently festival only, 
  but it does n't punish you as bad as other mobas , you can still have a decent build even if you clear like trash . 
  i know , but i thought maybe that could be a factor in why junglers fell behind . 
  new copypasta ? 
  team calls in ranked and casuals are almost non existent . 
  i 'm clearing a camp with my solo but mid rotated to duo and start to fight . 
  and i 've yet to play the new patch , is the jungle role still secondary mid laner ? 
  yes , at least randozos are looking better . 
  denial and lg have dissapointed me so many times i trust the numbers and they will both dissapoint their fans . 
  yes cc are very good but paradigm got a cold bucket of water this week . 
  even with towns being the future or he does n't want to get hurt again ? 
  how effortless he looked from nought to zero ? 
  tigres wo n't be missing him in upcoming weeks too, 
  ben arfa would n't pull off those tricks in euros level defenders . 
  also default tactics are attack fast , long passes , and deep defense ; which are the most used in the game . 
  another thing is that ut changes sliders to benefit pacey players . 
  i started playing 2 days before the nemesis patch , and getting absolutely destroyed by her made me buy the god pack the next day . 
  [ witness the disgusting burst damage , survivability , 606 speed after ulting and control ] ( https://youtu.be/cvfhnhpab64?t=3m14s ) and tell me you would n't want to feel unstoppable . 
  technically every team is beneath you but egr is n't a lower team . 
  numero 3 the darkest timeline, 
  this show is massive in mexico , it has been running as far as i can remember in one of the main national channels . 
  i say massive because everyone i 've met knows who is who and at least the memorable episodes . 
  fox la aired it for a until it finished in 2007 with very few reruns . 
  denial could n't finish any kills and in the end they could n't confirm the win . 
  i agree , my picks for dreamhack are soar , egr and enemy since lg and denial are too inconsistent . 
  not having evidence is the best part of conspiracy theories, 
  18:25 this is the dig i remember , minus the zapman dying , maybe just the getting focused every fight . 
  you know how many air jordans six black kids wear !, 
  yes , this match is such a flipcoin , i believe the good thing about alg is that everyone will be in their preferred roles but nv has 3 solo 's and 2 guys that do n't like their roles . 
  it will all come down to who has the best synergy . 
  why torpredo over dignitas ? 
  when dignitas are having a better season and a shot at getting to dreamhack, 
  did you made one for this week ? 
  i could n't find it . 
  i also have 43/76 in my picks without counting opl, 
  i hate him so much then everything stops when he wears the national shirt . 
  this match is insane , you might think i 'm biased but the guy did used his arm to stop the ball and it 's against the rules . 
  every player in monterrey earned it and america 's players had a complete meltdown , michael arroyo was the only one giving you hope the rest of the team did n't create a thing . 
  sanchez is a big game player and those are the ones that have a thread usually . 
  yes he sacrifices his body every game but he does n't go for the goal unless we really need it . 
  now you 're just making stuff up , how does it feel to be on the other end after all this years ? 
  i do n't have a video but you can not call that because it is not intentional , miguel samudio dived like a keeper with his hand extended , you ca n't do that and not expect a call . 
  i stand by what i said , maybe televisa can convince fmf to make instant replays a thing and an ability to challenge a call , it could help us . 
  goltz got a card for throwing a tantrum , arroyo did n't got carded for taking off his shirt , but he did for arguing with the ref . 
  la intencion ahi esta . 
  not bad in arena , clash and assault except for getting a full premade which is always a bad thing . 
  how often do you play arena ? 
  i do see nox very often but ares is more 1 out of 8 matches . 
  the parties try hard with different team comps but they always tryhard . 
  add zeus , hou yi , odin to that one , joust and arena . 
  i heard mayate as `` es tu mayate '' like he is your boyfriend implying the man your telling that is gay and the mayate is only gay for pay or interest . 
  at least that 's how it is in mexico . 
  wow i 've never heard of that , maybe my city is different, 
  get into relationship and ask for a playa option, 
  denial does this when they want to troll on scrimms but i never thought some team could be this disrespectful . 
  benny has n't even begun to xd , when he does xd , he is going to xd so hard that everybody in / r/smite is gon na feel it . 
  pick up randozos, 
  shadowq really knows how to scout his solo laners, 
  is n't that a lane violation ? 
  according to many many posts , omega is a really nice guy irl but has issues online . 
  that also depends if stealth is enjoying the game , i used to follow his channel when he did cod videos and just like that without telling anyone he stops uploading and playing smite because he has more fun in this game . 
  he could be really really good in overwatch . 
  what can i tell you man , that 's just the things people say when they meet him at events , he is not a sociopath maybe he is just the kind of guy that only has the balls to say mean stuff from their desks . 
  kinda like 90 % of reddit users , not trying to defend him because i do n't like his online persona but do n't blow this out of proportion . 
  i knew which video was even before clicking, 
  western conference finalist kyle singler, 
  clearly not playing him in the last 3 mins cost thunder the win . 
  are you joking ? 
  but just in case you are not it means games back it means how many games one team is from the first place , it 's used in most american sports . 
  tbh i only started using them when i started following american sports too since in other sports a game can end without losers or winners .
