  crazy to think that i got family older than this city, 
  but people from spain were and are white . 
  maybe they 're a bit tan if they live in the south but that 's just like in california . 
  [ xabi alonso from the basque country in the north ] ( http://www.hinnews.com/goal/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/xabi-alonso.jpg ) and here is [ xavi ] ( http://estaticos01.marca.com/eventos/directo/2014/07/22/16709/images/1406016866_extras_noticia_foton_7_1_500x277.jpg ) from catalonia in the south , both of them in similar lighting conditions . 
  lorde 's previous songs set such a high standard that this song sounds pretty meh . 
  i 'm not liking the start too much but hey at least it 's not a slow song , i 'm tired of them . 
  crazier people have done well under the triangle offense idk why you guys think he is too stupid to understand it . 
  the reason it does n't work is because carmelo stops the ball too often . 
  this team also lacks the 2 all-nba caliber players that every successful triangle team had ( mj/pippen , shaq/kobe , kobe/pau ), 
  did n't he retired the year lebron won his first ring ? 
  so sad, 
  i think this too and i hope the new album is a hit so she changes pop again . 
  i 'm tired of all this downtempo boring songs that i have to listen daily at school . 
  well thank you for this suggestions , they look pretty interesting , i 'll try to find them . 
  i saw his video on ghibli before , i 'll save this cause i know he is quality, 
  i see the same things you do when watching edgar wright movies . 
  his editing is a big part of the movies and it seems that he is not afraid of like you knowing that you 're watching a film . 
  i have n't seen la la land but i 'll watch umbrellas first to see if i can catch some intertextuality, 
  untitled unmastered is better, 
  maybe it 's not the shtick because louis ck also does the disgusting guy ( maybe not a whore but a lot of fucking ) and it 's not tiresome . 
  the thing is , she is not funny on her own and the delivery of her jokes is really meh . 
  you only get that from actually listening to his stand ups . 
  but when doing promos or trailers of his stand ups , the bits i see is the disgusting guy furiously masturbating . 
  ( i 'm not talking about what he does in his tv show since he does tell some good concepts ), 
  i thought that he was athletic ( for his time ) in his young years but he took it down a notch after injuries . 
  i never saw him play live and i only have access to a few games from his early years but it does look like it . 
  that 's what i thought until i put them in my vcr and they 're old as shit and i get sad, 
  thank you . 
  it does look like the french new wave is a movement that rewards the cinephile viewer but keeps it entertaining for the average viewer . 
  it helped me when learning conversational english . 
  obviously i tried to not replicate anything that is just a thing that is said in a certain part of the world to avoid looking off . 
  like i would n't pick words from snatch since it kinda only works in england and we do n't learn british english where i 'm from . 
  then why he does n't deny believing in it ? 
  just a simple thing as `` i do n't believe in it i just want to prove a point '', 
  well he should , the kids listen to him and they will get the wrong lesson from critical thinking, 
  so because `` bigger '' people do n't do it he should n't do it ? 
  the guy without acls, 
  a rapper made money from his work !, 
  the songs were legally free at the end of the day , there 's nothing to be angry about . 
  true , after playing life is strange , telltale games feel really clunky and limited but the story holds up imo . 
  but really lis takes years to make and telltale games probably months , and i think i can trade that since i do n't know if dontnod is planning on something similar . 
  that looks more like klay thompson unless it 's foreshadowing something, 
  i too would bust my ass on defense if thibbs scream at me like that god damn, 
  if you guys keep investing in youth and let them go far but handling the egos you guys will be there . 
  as a mexican i can tell you that it 's annoying how some great youth players never take the next step because they 're comfortable with the liga mx salary and are mediocre at 25 ( with some obvious exceptions ) . 
  like in cw every redhead is being replaced by a black dude/girl . 
  i like iris ( maybe not so much her attitude ) but did they really need to change jimmy olsen when it was [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/b/b0/jimmyolsen01.png/250px-jimmyolsen01.png ) dude in the comics . 
  the witcher 's writer does n't care about the games he is just thankful it sells more of his books so i would think this is the case for many content creators, 
  i got ta be honest i was n't reading comics when the new 52 started so i did n't know this . 
  but hey would n't it be better if they traded winn and jimmy actors so that the toy man son ( who as far as i know was created for the series ) is now played by mehcad brooks . 
  oh damn , so that 's why they suck so badly at the concachampions . 
  you guys should really start the season at least 2 weeks earlier . 
  and in terms of focus in physicality in youth academies i think that it 's the reverse of the ajax system ( imo the original best academy ) which focuses on technical ability and smart play . 
  but i guess we 'll see in a few more years who is right . 
  i believe this dance is illegal for obvious reasons . 
  do n't let this become the new r/dankmemes , right now there 's some posts about the triggered fat girl , tumblr girls and this isis `` meme '' which in my opinion belong in dankmemes . 
  if edgy posts start to get in the frontpage there will be literally no point on this sub . 
  is bronze benching used to get a lower rating on a stacked team ? 
  i 'm not saying any of those things , if they keep posting this anti-sjw shit and stale memes about one group , this subreddit will drift just like r/dankmemes . 
  there was a time before last november when dankmemes was n't about making fun of islam , black people , lgbt , holocaust and the multiple things the alt-right is against , it used to be just silly shit and ironic humor . 
  tomi lahren says stupid shit on tv to get people to talk about her, 
  where do they get the ugliest people for this show ? 
  it was n't made for the movie it was just included, 
  many a true word is spoken in jest, 
  sometimes pop stays in the bench at timeouts and the players just start talking , sometimes manu even draws plays but nobody gives him shit for it . 
  ty lue may not have complete control of the team but , would n't it be better if the players also took initiative instead of just listening ? 
  how about when the opponent cpu slide tackles you but he misses and when he stands up he brings down your player that was going around . 
  two words is probably one of the first i listened and the one i forget about the most . 
  it 's not bad at all and i like that kanye but it does n't like it 's his song, 
  maybe do n't give bulls games when they 're ass, 
  s01e03 if they have patience , social media rating episode if they do n't . 
  both are interesting concepts that have probably passed trough everyone 's mind . 
  ( computer in the eyes , rewatching your past , people living for social media sites and acceptance ) . 
  scriptnotes podcast is great and they mention this in one of the episodes . 
  check it out and make a ban list of your `` clams '', 
  first it was porzingis then any other freak player in the nba and now they expand to movies , and i hate it . 
  i try to get into the nfl so i can watch something with my family on sunday mornings but there 's always something fucked up about the organization that pushes me away from it . 
  where are everybody 's priorities ? 
  i know that they gave the world cups to russia and qatar but at least the national leagues have freedom to do what they like . 
  mls , bundesliga and such are n't nearly as corrupt as fifa itself . 
  except the nfl is not on sunday evenings unless you live in eastern europe, 
  is that even out ? 
  do n't worry enough teams across multiple sports cruzazulearon their chances to win so now it 's normal . 
  i 'm on my third rewatch , there 's a lot of clues and i even remember many 4chan threads about how this was the only possible ending without being corny and lackluster like 3 years before it ended and i get it , i like robin ted was more himself and less lame dad when he was with her but i still think they should 've went with the alternate ending . 
  but i like the first 5\u00a01/2 seasons ( i hate zoey just like everyone else ) and they have some funny concepts that are to some point true , that 's why i rewatch it . 
  i kinda wish there were less episodes per season so the showrunners did n't burn every idea they had and did n't add character development that gets destroyed in 3 episodes or less . 
  i do n't know where i read she was the most disliked and victoria the most liked but to me she was trouble from the start , she had more problems to deal with to be in a relationship , she kept making ted feel bad for the opportunity of his lifetime , the relationship with the gang felt forced and i do n't think she added anything to the season except drama . 
  to me it did have filler and too many gimmicks but it was still funny , episodes in later seasons are hit or miss and the last season is for the most part a miss, 
  check if you can use tidal web player with an ad block . 
  i have tidal hifi so i would n't be able to tell you . 
  from what i know , spaniards really dislike when something is not in spanish . 
  some websites even give bad reviews to videogames because they are not dubbed to spanish or if they have latin american spanish instead of european . 
  i want this to happen so bill simmons is n't as smug as he is about it . 
  he told larry wilmore something like you know the lakers have a high chance of losing that pick like taking for granted . 
  i like him but i hate his celtics virtual bjs every show, 
  golden era of mexican cinema right there, 
  you actually believe that in 50 years blonds and whites are going to disappear ? 
  for 500 years there have been white people in latin america and they have n't vanished even though there 's quite a lot of mixing . 
  there are latin americans with white , brown , black , pale skin for centuries living there and they still look like the ones from centuries ago . 
  edit : define true diversity,
