  top teams are america , chivas , rayados , tigres and pachuca . 
  how could they not know ? 
  but anyways it made me smile, 
  agree , i think comparing rookies to hofers does n't work , that 's why i was looking for something more recent . 
  it did n't last a day , they had like 3 + days of free porn . 
  mate you ca n't support a financial group, 
  how does your site work ? 
  i know press the stream and watch but it says free stream , do i have to pay to watch more ? 
  where do you announce the free games ? 
  so everyone in the comments hates it yet it has 8k upvotes . 
  i think we know what is going on . 
  it means whore, 
   a new york friend used to send me clever , well-thought-out emails , gems of sprightly prose . 
  then he switched to texting , which abbreviated his wit and style . 
  now all verbs and nouns have vanished ; he sends emojis , the worst thing to happen to communication in our time . 
  lol , sure emojiis suck if you like words but they communicate a thought or idea in 1 symbol , far more efficient . 
  written words facilitate non-speaking communication when we could n't replicate drawings that conveyed ideas fast . 
  now it 's full circle and we can press a button to send instead of writing haha or something like that . 
  he thinks communication is only done by words . 
  can anyone tell me why waves is trashed so often ? 
  i personally love it and even if chris brown is borderline overdoing it , i feel there 's passion and the song as a whole creates a good atmosphere , like i 'm coming of a victory . 
  very ratatat like, 
  in simmons ' book of basketball mentions that they were common before the 80s . 
  but anyways , imagine someone like david west punching patty mills and how much damage it 's going to do to him . 
  check this . 
  i used to spend hours creating tracks and watching races in rct2 , they were also really popular . 
  [ unless you 're wilt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewhp04twops ), 
  warning ugly music . 
  because he will play hot potato with the ball in clutch situations and you could n't rely on him . 
  average elevation of mexico city is 6000ft more than the highest altitude in san antonio and phoenix . 
  and 1500ft more than denver . 
  i wonder how much it affects them . 
  i 'm worried parker just dies at the 3rd q. manu is doing fine tho, 
  over 9 years disney ( espn ) and turner ( tnt ) will pay the nba $ 2.7 billion per year for the exclusive rights of broadcast . 
  compare to the previous $ 390million per year from the previous deal . 
  the nba is not shrinking and the global games are meant to expand the market of the league . 
  he knows it 's a task to the last 2 minutes of a close game and honestly , i 'm a millennial and i do think that in general , we have low attention span . 
  copying the sound is not a crime and everybody does it . 
  i hear more of a rip off when you compare the first part setting fires to starving , they only added one more note at the end . 
  [ listen to this ] ( https://youtu.be/v6iajoomdmg?t=25s ) and compare it to [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/scjt8zvt7d0?t=9s ), 
  goddamn , poor ellie i forgot about that song , i wish more people knew about this . 
  how can i short this ? 
  small sample size for giroud , i would wait until he looks back on his feet . 
  you 're a madman for sticking to those players this late in the season , ride the wave my friend . 
  why does everything have to be a conspiracy ? 
  if there were n't any sports , the majority of people would n't care about the important things either . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right to be ignorant but they could n't care less about politics unless it 's time to vote and they still do n't care enough to make an informed decision . 
  maybe the teams are doing their own things and following their own agenda ( make a shit ton of money ) and government is just using what they are given ; does n't mean they 're working togheter . 
  i listen to this sub often ( i try to stay away from pumps and dumps ) and so far is making me improve from last season which was my first . 
  proof that he is not going to get re-injured short term so i do n't have to waste a transfer on him . 
  freak injuries can happen i know but if he has something that will make him unavailable again then why bring him in when there other players that can net me the same . 
  another thing could be that his time scoring a goal a game is off and i missed my chance . 
  20-10 guy in the making , sad that his knees failed him . 
  lebron making the finals . 
  13 years in the league , 7 finals . 
  andre drummond career ft % 38.7 %, 
  for the millionth time this joke has been made, 
  i love it but it 's true that i ca n't make anyone take it like a serious song when his first verse starts with :, 
   she find pictures in my e-mail, 
   i sent this bitch a picture of my dick, 
   i do n't know what it is with females, 
   but i 'm not too good with that shit, 
  it comes up as trashy . 
  you do n't have to defend everything kanye says like they 're telling it to you personally . 
  form your own opinion . 
  j. cole 's new album has some good songs . 
  i mean i do but not when it 's a broken record . 
  the same joke he just changed the image, 
  this one brings a new perspective of the denver player, 
  i replay fallout 3 more often than other games . 
  my fastest playthrough was a little bit under 2 hours on xbox . 
  but that 's it . 
  also the new tomb raider because it felt very cinematic and i liked the story . 
  i know some people did n't like it because it 's no longer the same lara but i the story felt strong and she still came out like a badass . 
  some people say this movie it 's a so bad it 's good but i think it 's just really funny . 
  can you actually play football ? 
  i like doing the administration but i also like to play, 
  varane pace is real , he can run as fast as aubameyang , i think he can clock 33km/h, 
  i was agreeing with him . 
  is there one for nikes , i 'm curious as to how would that sound . 
  woah thanks , upvoting the shitposts in r/frankocean is kind of a double edge sword . 
  tbh now that i listened so much the original , i think this one is kinda awkward . 
  i think it 's better if you do n't think about it . 
  in the last 12 years arsenal ( english premier league ) has finished 4th at least 7 times and has n't won the league since 2003/04 . 
  they 're actually buddies, 
  cause my life is dope and i do dope shit, 
  por favor no, 
  it 's not going to happen but i want a can too, 
  i do n't think mexico city will get it , but futbol is the biggest sport and america has the biggest support and they hardly ever fill half of their stadium and the tickets are cheap as fuck . 
  spurs vs the 76ers tickets start at $ 9 for a corner far from the court and that still expensive for them . 
  yes , they filled the arena the last 2 games but i do n't think they would do it for 41 games per year especially if the team sucks . 
  either way i would be jealous because i live in a city in the north that hardly ever gets attention and low interest in basketball . 
  going to see the spurs is the closest we will get to a local nba team . 
  i know not everyone it 's poor ( mexico has higher percentage of middle income families than usa and it 's growing ) but i do n't know if the average mexican man can afford a ticket at the same prices than an american , and if that 's going to work out for the nba when they can get a good deal giving a team to seattle or louisville . 
  karl pilkington, 
  i have n't seen it but my parents did and they know spanish and totally enjoyed it . 
  how is the movie not the same if you do n't know what they are saying ? 
  if she does n't tag it or tells someone else ( maybe r/listentothis ) she wo n't get more views . 
  do you have this in 3840 \u00d7 2160 ? 
  nah this will be good,
