   i basically only found this place by accident . 
  did you think it was about sodas ? 
  i would follow them too if i had something similar, 
  np maybe i ca n't read the obvious . 
  it 's funny how i only see it on reddit when someone makes a clear joke and someone replies the same joke with different words but with less wit . 
  this time i was that guy . 
  i heard many times parish would be unplayable in today 's league and not in a good way, 
  i understand wrath47 was suggesting a match of warriors 2017 vs celtics 1986 . 
  it 's fine if your id separates art from the artist . 
  i 'll tell you what jennette mccurdy is n't a [ role model ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/jennettemccurdy/comments/2blzkb/i_am_not_a_role_model/ ), 
  they look almost the same as before lol . 
  adidas and nike recycle uniforms in soccer but it does n't look as obvious since they are not used in the same league like [ here ] ( http://www.fccamena.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/05/mex_large.jpg ) 06 mexico and [ here ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41klyivjxtl.jpg ) 10 manu but come on [ this ] ( http://i.cdn.turner.com/drp/nba/kings/sites/default/files/styles/main_gallery_photo__480_tall/public/city_grid.jpg?itok=_ylb6vah ) is the 2016/17 uniform . 
  add some stripes , squares , circles or add a crown watermark at least before charging $ 100 for a new shirt, 
  does n't nike want a reason to sell you a shirt every year ? 
  you do n't need a full rebrand just some changes in the design of the uniform, 
  one can only hope , i find most of the team 's whites boring but the alternates go from decent to great in almost all teams . 
  do n't have a team , i 'm just a fan of the sport . 
  will probably find my team eventually . 
  but puerto ricans are hispanics . 
  and philippines too since they were once a spanish colony, 
  wow this comment is so ignorant . 
  mexicans were forced to use spanish and believe in jesus , it 's not like they changed because the words were cool . 
  sensibles *, 
  i remember watching the premiere of this and missing the dark knight, 
  i 'm not assuming that these things are common knowledge , and i realize i made a poor job explaining so here 's another ( long ) try . 
  malcolm gladwell in his podcast `` revisionist history '' explains that a strong-link network is when a few great people matter most . 
  a weak-link network is when an above-average group matters most . 
  in the book `` the numbers game '' it explains that football is an example of weak-link because a team with above average players everywhere has a higher chance of winning than a team with one superstar . 
  say liverpool is moving the ball really well but then lucas leiva gets the ball and fucks up , time and time again while being just decent defensively . 
  at the same time , coutinho is shooting but not scoring while making some plays for his teammates . 
  you replace lucas leiva instead of coutinho because you need an above average dm , one that can either pass the ball well or be great defensively . 
  obviously , this is fantasypl not the same thing as real football . 
  ** so , do you stack your team on expensive good players or make sure everyone is at least above average ? 
  he is worth it but if you 're cheap you can go for sigurdsson . 
  swansea was trash last season but he still was a great player and he played every match . 
  having listened to some of his interviews , i can almost listen kyrie saying this . 
  when i log to build my team for the first time in the season [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/1gqagd0 ) happens and never goes into team selection . 
  anyone had a similar problem that knows how to fix it ? 
  i remember that post on dataisbeautiful when uncensorednews just started where the user made a post that showed what kind of subreddits the mods also mod and it was a lot of racist subs . 
  kinda fucked like some mods of blackpeopletwitter being mods of subs like 4chan , strugglefucking and some other stuff, 
  hey thanks that worked, 
  if it makes you feel better , in mexico kids still danced to it and parents did n't say anything . 
  what ? 
  why would n't the news of euron giving cersei the dornish woman not make think daenerys that the ships were attacked ? 
  i do n't think that 's what theon thought but fair enough, 
  watch flaked if you want to watch the increasingly bad decisions of a character played by will arnett . 
  imagine that lineup in 11-12, 
  what kind of price can we expect considering his last 2 years ? 
  i have to have him on my team . 
  mexico played yesterday, 
  i would n't mind because of how easy is to get back on your feet in the nba . 
  would cavs fans be better with lebron not coming home to take them to 3 straight finals and winning a ring ? 
  the alternative is an irving lead team , with wiggins as the second option , bennet still flops and i do n't think waiters gets as good as he is now . 
  that alternative would n't beat an eastern team lead by lebron if he did n't stay in miami and would n't beat the 2015 hawks . 
  i know this is a shitpost but imo a ring justifies the mess he leaves behind knowing that you can rebuild through the draft again . 
  compare to every time mourinho leaves a team and they are a mess because he relied on veteran . 
  now in manu he changed his approach playing youth players the most than any other team in the premier league . 
  she was only 23 when she was killed if she went the taylor swift route of country -  pop she could have gotten a lot of # 1 hits . 
  i love when randoms get shut down by nba players, 
  but if it 's part of the code of the service you give to the customer then it is part of your job even if it 's stupid . 
  i do n't think it bothers him as much as we think because kd always does this , always comes back . 
  if i were him i would do it . 
  according to some economists ( do n't exactly remember which ones ) , this is good for everyone involved . 
  they generally have a lot more opportunities to grow and the children become successful and do n't need more welfare . 
  short term there 's going to be distrust but long term the benefits are good . 
  you guys sound like you have problems with poor people but it 's better to show them they have the opportunity to succeed than keeping them isolated and making them think they 'll never get out of poverty even if they try . 
  have some compassion . 
  i did n't mean that . 
  what i was trying to say was that middle class can help the poor by just accepting them as their peers . 
  the study i remember said that they found that if the family incorporated had teenage sons they would n't change at all and would be kind of a social grenade . 
  but if they were younger like 6 or 8 years old , they would form themselves as part of that middle-class society . 
  i think they should scale down the number of families per neighborhood so they do n't get overrun by the same culture of poverty they were trying to get them out . 
  by the time that happens i wish the mls gets bigger in terms of the kind of players ( and football ) they have . 
  usa has too much money to not succeed . 
  imo if they keep improving it 's a good move . 
  they did this challenges thing with the black beetles song and it worked so imo it will work again since swae lee 's people know how to game it, 
  led zepellin only had 2 songs in top 40 but yeah when people talk of rock n roll they only talk about the popular stuff that survived . 
  hopefully he is taking so long because he is thinking of a better story . 
  everything else was at least fine and the cgi was the best we ever saw at the time . 
  the guy that wrote it said in a podcast that the producers told him to write more villains and he said `` no it does n't need more '' and they said do it , and he did it . 
  i did n't like the movie but it seems that like the forced things . 
  i have singles from 1992 in my watchlist and it 's about a group of gen xers living in seattle in the early 90s and grunge plays like the backbone of the movie . 
  is not exactly about the grunge movement but at the time he was filming it was about to explode . 
  eddie vedder was in the movie too before ten got famous . 
  same thing i thought when they were not ? 
  `` i can close my eyes and hear ... '' did not feel right but the rest was great . 
  some time ago i got punched in my eye when i accidentally kicked someone while playing soccer , i ca n't imagine how much would hurt getting punched by a dude that size . 
  i know you guys are the same size but still . 
  the coke days, 
  he does n't know how to punch if he injured his thumb lol, 
  i hope one day education gets fixed in mexico :( . 
  the more south you go the more problems there are . 
  it makes me sad because it 's a country filled with potential . 
  the fact that people got angry just proves one of the points of the series . 
  also a big chunk of reddit acts like the pastiche guy . 
  how frustrating was bosh 's time at toronto ? 
  he would probably say `` does metre mean anything to anyone in the future ? '', 
  9:05 pm lorde is on stage, 
  9:10 pm she left because the rain was too much but she 's coming back later, 
  convenient because i have to go eat,
