  i heard costa kicks babies to prepare for the match, 
  it was still a good movie tho, 
  warriors : chaac is a jack of all trades master of none , he can play in any position without being op, 
  are you left handed ? 
  real question ? 
  if not , in it 's kind of a funny story and birdman he plays 2 different characters or at least not-alan characters . 
  seeing how many replies you got , i 'm just waiting to see the thread of `` who 's the best looking current footballer ? '', 
  so i can see the intense debate of guys ending their posts in no homo, 
  adam sandler has to go trough elementary school again because his papers are somehow not genuine . 
  rob schneider as the janitor , dinner lady and bus driver . 
  drew barrymore as his teacher . 
  sofia vergara as one of the moms, 
  [ i see this every time this kind of threads come up in / r/movies ] ( http://www.eonline.com/news/622887/spaceballs-2-a-go-mel-brooks-talks-sequel-its-perfect-obvious-title-and-rick-moranis ), 
  not the best choice of words, 
  but his name sounds like hurricane, 
  drop it !, 
  i assume he only had 1 ball, 
  i 've been subscribed to / r/soccer since like 3 years and nowadays it has hilarious amount of drama for a sports subreddit . 
  honestly gets worse every week but if you want drama visit threads about c.ronaldo doing something evil , madrid clasicos , balotelli and zlatan ; there 's always one and the downvotes are massive . 
  i just ca n't imagine rooney scream \u00a1 dale !, 
  i got it from a yahoo answers troll, 
  ben and kevin make a porno, 
  depends on who do you consider the best , c. ronaldo and kaka are both 185cm , both best players in the world at a time , but xavi , messi and iniesta are like 170cm . 
  did n't the director said he did n't liked the film ? 
  i believe he has the nostalgia goggles on . 
  10 years from now if he still is a madrid fan he will preach about how cr7 was a god that gave it all and the current best player on the team and he is nothing next to him, 
   mitchell weiser, 
  [ he has a funny face ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1h0n2wliu1r27nwn.png ), 
  the uri to open in the app just copy and paste in your adress bar in the browser spotify : user :121998611 : playlist :7 bbn8rdraxvjmo9dte87ja, 
  at least they 're not trashing on the league like in the mls threads, 
  i live in northern mexico and i have only seen one black person in my life , they are pretty rare . 
  just 3 days ago i saw a referee change his decision in a match of psv vs twente . 
  i will question more a stubborn man than the one that corrects their mistakes . 
  [ use this one ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/manicpixiedreamgirl ) and fall down the rabbit hole, 
  i 'm waiting for this to be a ted talk, 
  it 's a glitched player [ madrid always buys him ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_stephan_%28footballer%29 ) and 4 other keepers, 
  after 4 seasons west brom becomes a force to be reckon, 
  layun can play at any role on the left and also cdm , he is a small player but wins the ball very often, 
  exactly why did boosters boost ? 
  even 2 o 3 years after release, 
  no , i meant the kind of boosters that only kill each other, 
  how close is it to the spansih spoken by the guys in malviviendo the web series ? 
   mexican version of barcelona, 
  don rober wishes, 
  it still updates , check the spotify subreddit to know how to stop it . 
  even though some say it 's a really shit accent , i love it so much . 
  [ low quality but here it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15axxmvpap0 ), 
  i thought all mexicans worked hard , i 'm getting my stereotypes mixed . 
  even in fifa if you do n't buy any old players imo you 're missing out, 
  also old strikers tend be excellent poachers and you always need one . 
  it was also his first league title ever, 
  he has n't even begun to peak , he is going to peak so hard that everybody in europe is gon na feel it, 
  [ priceless in a bad way ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d2cciup.png ), 
  i 'm just waiting for the south park episode of this . 
  just jay z trying to explain randy why he should give him his money because it affects his economy . 
  i 'll stay with my service that costs country.price .1 because of that, 
  which cover do you refer ? 
  ca n't you program the browser to press at the time you want ? 
  there was a post about something like that, 
  compared to tears for fears , he is not even famous so i do n't see the issue , besides tears for fears is not a struggling musician . 
  in my mind this text has a happy ending, 
  that 's just regular canadian football, 
  yeah , i look in google for different mods but some of the ones i find in forums are taken down . 
  kind of a shame, 
  i 'm doing homework with this match on tv and every time i look illarra is fucking up , what is happening ? 
  i would n't be surprised if he does n't come out for the 2nd time . 
  if i had noel 's life i would not be playing videogames either . 
  since i 'm not him , i 'll be back to play his songs on rock band 3, 
  agree , fitter happier sounds like some edgy thing a teenager would think its a genius statement . 
  lol at the people saying `` good luck bayern '' as if cordoba was a world class club . 
  i do not expect bayern to lose like barca did in 2013 . 
  spotify uri to open directly on the program , just copy and paste on your address bar . 
  spotify : user : mickstinelli : playlist :6 ao8voujr8aq0xbsgvoq6m, 
  for some reason a lot of people think he plays there , so probably that, 
  what people does n't get is that 60 % is the percentage that said they liked it , not the score they give . 
  a movie can have 100 % and have a 7.3 as a score . 
  it also makes the next kill hilarious and unexpected . 
  i believe that he was a teenager when the batman movies came out and michelle pfeiffer was hot in there so that . 
  tell me some excellent wiiu games that do not include mario or the legend of zelda . 
  i have a borrowed wiiu that is just collecting dust since 2 weeks . 
  the only one i want and ca n't get :(, 
  [ not sure if it works in the us ] ( http://deportes.televisa.com/video/vivo/2015-05-04/barcelona-vs-bayern-champions-league-2014-2015/ ) but here 's a good quality stream . 
  why would you get downvoted in a guilty pleasure thread ? 
  is n't the point to post this type of answers . 
  someone is going to cheat on someone in that movie , i guarantee it, 
  i would put guardado behind jona and switch vela and gio to play something like psv, 
  how old are you ? 
  not to sound like an asshole but that can change how you view the movie, 
  well i only asked because my dad ( mid forties ) liked the world 's end more than hot fuzz probably because he felt identified with some of the characters and jokes at the start . 
  reminds me of monster y chucky vs. alebrije y cuije in some high quality saturday night television in monterrey . 
  radio algorithm that does n't repeat the same 3 songs over and over like spotify, 
  maybe your phone , mine runs flawless but i agree the desktop it 's getting worse every release, 
  even tho he got scored 4 times , his saves were magnificent, 
  i saw that , but for some reason it kept updating even tho i did that thing of making a false update exe . 
  i 'm going to do just that, 
  i know i 'm late but just googling kaiki king and you can find a better female guitar player, 
  so now you all convinced me to buy these 2 games , and i 'll just sale my cards to get the extra money on my steam wallet . 
  i also decided to play sr : r first so then i get a better experience from dragonfall . 
  thank you all for the replies . 
  i 'm a broke student so this is mostly why i hesitate .
