  call him coochy, 
  at this point , i would rather have conan o'brien, 
  imagine getting a skype call from jordan, 
  jackson should grow a bit of a beard in that chin and he will get lots of calls driving to the rim, 
  plus arnett writes the show and it 's netflix 's darling so as long as it 's cheap it 's going to get renewed . 
  when i rewatched it , i was thinking , how could i be so blind ? 
  i always thought he will end up with robin some way or another because , why else will he make an effort to tell his kid how their aunt robin was so perfect . 
  even then i never thought the mother would be dead . 
  even 4chan had a convincing theory i think around season 4 of how it will end but i did not think they would be so bold . 
  if you swipe 5000 times on tinder , is it possible to find the one ? 
  or how does it work ? 
  imo only 2011 and 2009 were truly deep . 
  10 years from now , think of the players the casual fans and the new fans will know . 
  kemba , bledsoe and bradley are not one of them . 
  how often does this happen lol . 
  i have n't seen wrestling in probably 2008, 
  damn , that was awesome . 
  i might put it on background every once in a while . 
  a fortnight is 14 days, 
  redneck gets jealous that her underage sister is paying more attention to a tribesman than him and becomes a racist . 
  yeah , i could believe this . 
  the team 's offense was messed up before he got there . 
  so many stand up comedians just take their routine , put it in a script and it sucks ( or falls flat ) . 
  bill knows this and that 's what makes him great . 
  i just love how he does n't even flinch about the other songs, 
  and doc made kind of a motion offense instead of everyone standing around while cp3 makes a play . 
  what about carlings ? 
  like the french dynasty, 
  i want my friends to play but they never do . 
  reading these posts makes me happy because people feel the same way i do . 
  right ? 
  maybe they are the kind of people who are constantly on facebook while watching a movie and then they just put their heads up when they think someone died and feel no connection . 
  do they even enjoy things ? 
  i got tidal free for 6 months and i saw it there , is it really a tidal subscription exclusive ? 
  or is it for all tidal users ? 
  if it 's the second you 're just not listening because you do n't want to listen . 
  yeah , that is too personal to tell your audience . 
  i read about something called lyrical speaker which is kind of an alter ego . 
  after your first playthrough , i recommend an unarmed run . 
  it 's really funny to just zig zag to my opponents and punch them to their death . 
  yeah , but remember what kind of asses he fights on twitter . 
  check his replies , every now and then he is arguing with some random fat dude who thinks they know better than an nba champion . 
   i know you 'll be a star in somebody else 's sky , but why, 
  why , why ca n't it be , why ca n't it be mine ? 
  i was watching the footnotes of the video ( on tidal ) because even though i got the idea , i felt like he could 've expanded a little , and damn the stuff chris rock says , how does that happen in the real world ? 
  how can an entire community be this evil ? 
  even if they were taught that black people were n't the same , how could they feel no empathy ? 
  i 'm mexican and people were enslaved for more than 300 years too and i wish that they had a voice like black people do since they are 20 % of the population . 
  messi is also really , really athletic he just does n't look like it because he is small . 
  i read somewhere that from 2008 onwards , spaniards have used peds across all sports since rafa nadal , the peak spain team , and cyclists had success in those years . 
  they all relied on having more stamina than the opponent . 
  damn he speaks great spanish , there are some mistakes in pronunciation , but it is fluent . 
  baseline dunk cheese with iggy, 
  that sac subreddit has a nice design and i love the sidebar on the left, 
  the link is np.reddit which means no participation mode . 
  it 's there to prevent brigading . 
  some of this goals do n't even make sense , just pure brilliance . 
  but for everyone who says there 's no magic in football today , i believe that if you give it time , somebody in 10 years will show you a hand picked match from 2012 to prove you that the game had magic before and now it 's just robots . 
  was n't he called out at the time for that ? 
  people doubted him at the time of his decision . 
  he was n't the pop everyone respects back then . 
   best defenders at the time the defense look like of a second tier team, 
  i love how they allowed roberto carlos run into the box just like that . 
  r/nba shits on bill simmons every time he tweets something . 
  it 's not the same as before . 
  could it be that conte thinks chelsea has the same power juve has in the serie a where he can just pick a guy and the club buys it ? 
  like he forgets he has man city , united , arsenal , liverpool or tottenham that can match the wages . 
  she also was a hit even before she started singing in english, 
  totally , durant 's hard work all year and impressive performances in the finals was n't all that special . 
  james jones ' rings though , those are another level above kd . 
  where do you get the percentages of teams vs opposite conferences ? 
  thanks, 
  i do n't hear any difference on the album and stream version of the songs i listen , and unless you 're an audiophile with the right equipment you should stick to streaming . 
  i have tidal hifi too and there 's no significant difference in quality with the headphones i own . 
  a guy on youtube did that . 
  white , tall and with a jazz cap . 
  inb4 he posts the pic of boston pg, 
  i guess billy bitch tits is going to hit puberty next season of f is for family, 
  if making things for money stops that thing from being art then nothing is art . 
  architecture , sculpture , theatre , and movies are n't made for free . 
  it 's sad , i remember the good ol' days when the game was relevant for 10 months and the last 2 were about watching what 's next . 
  the last i played was ghosts for like 10 matches when i decided it was n't worth my time . 
  i play fifa and there are gameplay changes every year that change the feel of the game , but i only buy them every 3 years so i do n't to what extent they change from year to year, 
  the engine went from impact to ignite to frostbite in 5 years . 
  i believe the only thing that 's unfair it 's how many resources they pour on to ultimate team and how little they do towards other game modes . 
  i heard ( i do n't remember where though ) that it was a good indicator because it meant they had consistent shooting mechanics and good 3 point shooters also have them . 
  the scandal like show in dear white people, 
  never trust anyone who has a first name as their last name . 
  i heard the revisionist history podcast and he himself accepts that he is a dick and even though people respected him they still hated playing with him because they were n't looking for perfection . 
  i 'm reading this one . 
  it helps for any kind of story telling not just screenplays . 
  they can play on this and make some posters of the beatles as beetles and then on let it be or something have human paul mccartney as the only human in the band but nobody says a thing or sees something wrong . 
  you 'll only destroy your knees if you stop from full speed using only one leg . 
  and he was 6 '10 and with a lot less weight than wilt, 
  true , i 'm going by the listed height but the tapes say another thing, 
  i think it 's not much that she does n't give a fuck but that she knows what she wants and likes , and does it . 
  from the small knowledge i have from her , she is passionate about her work as an artist overall . 
  looking at the higher and all of the lights notes on genius , i get that she genuinely is open to different types of music coming from all places . 
  it feels like she picks her way instead of just accepting what her producers and executives tell her ( not saying this as a fact cause i do n't know much but that 's the vibe she gives ), 
  imo they are fool 's gold until they do something consitently,
