  she has no soul in the movie . 
  also scott was n't a michael cera type of character , he was immature and acted like an idiot but he was n't a natural dumbass . 
  silver linings playbook . 
  i 've seen it at least 5 times since release and i love it every time . 
  the acting is great in all characters , there 's always something happening . 
  i love jennifer lawrence in this movie and she totally deserves her awards . 
  i think that if you replace cooper or lawrence this movie breaks apart . 
  i only read the book until pat starts spoiling books endings but it looked like it had the same spirit . 
  to me this is a perfect 10 but i can see why other people would n't enjoy this movie . 
  my definition of not pop is a single that does n't chart in billboard 100 . 
  who 's the most prolific w33d $ mok3r of the group ? 
  he looks like gael garcia bernal, 
  is it fair to expect that an entire album makes the charts ? 
  is n't perfect places really new and can not yet be in the charts ? 
  pop music ( to me ) is a sound that borrows from an established genre ( rock , electronic , reggae or latin sounds ) , makes it simple , catchy and accesible for the masses . 
  kinda like a youtube 8mins video essay is to a real essay that goes deep into the topic . 
  some artists make this kind of songs to chart some do n't ( i do n't think lorde set out to be # 1 in the world considering she uploaded her first ep to soundcloud for free and it had her sound already ) . 
  now what i say about music that does n't chart is for rock music , there are some rock bands that totally want to chart and they make catchy songs without risks ( glam rock was rock but it was more on the pop side ) and others that are looking to make great music without worrrying if the masses will like it ( mars volta as an example ) . 
  what is your definition of pop music ? 
  if i google pop music or what is pop music there 's a description similar to mine `` they have a good rhythm , a catchy melody , and are easy to remember and sing along to '' . 
  pop music is music that follows a formula : 5 minutes or less , chorus that 's repeated a lot , and easy melody . 
  check katy perry her music is totally pop but i kissed a girl has a different style than roar or bon apettite ( which they also sound different ) . 
  maybe i poorly explained it . 
  just shoot low and his career as a keeper ends, 
  i liked it but i have other shows to watch , but it 's kind of a satire to telenovelas and also a cw shows so it ends up being a telenovela either way . 
  if you do n't have anything else to watch and you know some telenovela tropes i would recommend it . 
  13 reasons why . 
  i did n't care for anyone but clay , the show also lies to its audience [ 13rw ] ( #s `` clay : did i killed her . 
  gay dude : yes . 
  hannah : you did n't actually , i just wanted to create some afterlife drama '' ) the only reason i finished it was because i wanted to talk about it with a friend but damn i wish teens do n't extract any message from this show . 
  erase the last season from your mind , watch seasons 1-5 , check some episodes from seasons 6-8 and watch the alternate ending on youtube and it 's a good show again . 
  fwiw casemiro and ronaldo 's goals were deflections, 
  `` never kill a women unless she a witness '', 
  - jordan adams, 
  / r/quotesporn, 
  / u/sylvesterlundgren i do got ta big booty lol, 
  i second kimbra just watch this, 
  remember when we first met ? 
  okay i do n't remember when we first met, 
  great quarter for the warriors scoring 33 points . 
  but the cavs scored 49 . 
  i 'm magic johnsoning man . 
  but here 's some insight : without the points from free throws made , cavs only lead by 2 . 
  i just want drama so this is perfect, 
  shump is a really zen guy apparently because he did n't retaliate from the 3 disrespectful punches today, 
  i never thought i would love this game as much as i do and i hope movie directors could share ( and translate ) their touch to more videogames . 
  just think of an edgar wright directed game, 
  `` i accept defeat '' - katy perry, 
  he actually met up with him recently, 
  that was weak, 
  people forget about harden , westbrook , and wall really quick, 
  like tj mcconnell scoring the winning shot vs the knicks !, 
  lol, 
  i hope the 6ers do n't get rid of him , he looks like he cares . 
  it depends . 
  cavs with harden or wall on point it 's a better team . 
  wall can actually defend and makes wing players better . 
  harden is beyond amazing on pick and roll and imo has the tools to defend 1on1 when needed . 
  i saw your video about fresno 's pedestrian mall and it looked nice and informative , you have a nice flow . 
  my only problem with westbrook is that i do n't know how selfish he would be with lebron next to him . 
  it seems like he feels better running the offense alone even if it 's not ideal . 
  you 're absolutely right , how could i forget him, 
  have you watched him played this last season ? 
  he was kind of a ginobili style of sg but he transitioned to pg since 2016 ~, 
  i remember the first time i saw this , hilarious story teller . 
  giannis and lebron play point forward but they get listed as sf . 
  harden guards who ever offensive player is not going to get the ball , so he is positionless on defense . 
  check this clips of nash https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zdoydwvcew the role of harden in this offense would be the same of nash . 
  defensively people blow by nash time and time again so on ot he hides in the corner just like harden . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu4svwp86sc this is this year 's harden . 
  both in the point guard role but this time mda does n't even bother on putting harden to gaurd pgs because pat beverly can do it for him . 
  the difference is that harden is a better iso player , taller , stronger and more athletic . 
  atas do n't watch this kind of shows maybe, 
  i 'm having doubts about this show . 
  this guys are like `` look we are wealthy and have everything but we 're sad :( my life is n't going anywhere i 'll cheat to have some excitement in my life '', 
  maybe you are not the audience but sports games are kinda like this . 
  sometimes the ball just does n't go in . 
  you can call it scripts or ea bullshit but they are fun, 
  not life is strange, 
  get a vpn extension , if you need an account , use a fake email . 
  open deezer in browser and listen to the album . 
  then delete the vpn if you do n't want it . 
  you 're getting downvoted ( you 're second in controversial ) because this is like an album party but you nailed it . 
  i think this album had too many hands on it ( ironic that i liked supercut yet it has the most amount of producers credited ) , and while it 's quality because she is talented , it does n't feel right . 
  i think jack antonoff does n't make as good couple with lorde as joel little does . 
  he has the king 's hairline, 
  not sure of the caribbean situation , but in mexico , people will question the laws of genetics to claim that they are white . 
  they will disregard everyone in the family tree and say that they are full blood spanish because great great grandfather was spanish . 
  they will also say `` i 'm white but really tanned '' or things like that . 
  it 's really sad that they will turn their backs to their roots to appear of higher class , since the europeans and americans that migrated to mexico were mostly wealthy . 
  white mexicans get favoritism , dark skinned mexicans will get a bit bullied and anyone that looks slightly native will get the shit on . 
  right !, 
  that 's a problem . 
  the media in mexico is dominated by white people because audiences want white people . 
  every time you see a mestizo guy on tv , people ( in mexico ) immediately think he is poor or dumb . 
  we do n't have accurate stats of race because mainly the government does n't care about the color of your skin ( i think it 's weird that in the us they ask your ethnicity in the job applications ) but it is said that mexicans of european descent are only 10 % of the population . 
  colorism is a problem here . 
  ty lawson 's ama was great mainly for this, 
  the entire scene is funny, 
  `` i 'll get ya and it will look like a bloody accident '',
