  i believe this is the true reason . 
  if my mom likes it then probably a bunch of people does too . 
  delete it fat, 
  here is an [ image ] ( https://i.imgur.com/r390eid.jpg ) of peyton btw, 
  i recently got into fantasy football , i just knew there would be a post like this when i was watching the game . 
  [ our new lady and savior ] ( https://brobible.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/frida_dog_mexico.jpg?quality=90&amp;w=650 ) frida, 
  she should n't be mad tho it sounded like she went full steam against him . 
  3 years !, 
  and she did not trust him . 
  i listen to her everyday in 2k and i think she has a nice voice , what 's so bad about it ? 
  i want to buy bf2 but i have 2 questions :, 
  does people still plays the game ? 
  does still crash to desktop of dual core cpus ? 
  any additional problem with the game ? 
  my specs, 
  intel celeron cpu e3400 @ 2.6 ghz ( 2 cpus ), 
  nvidia geforce gt 520 , 1024mb, 
  how much fps i could get ? 
  and , how to improve it ? 
  also i would like to know if my pc can run bc2 in case it ca n't run bf3, 
  this is button crash [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnelkroy3pc ) on 2003 then 8 years later perez [ link ] ( http://youtu.be/hvlciqiem-8?t=13s ) had the same incident . 
  i just wanted to point that out because i found it interesting and there is n't much action on this subreddit due to the end of the season . 
  so have a nice day, 
  for example i would make sora enter the alice in wonderland world from the recent movie and everyone would say he is the wrong sora and is too old . 
  or the incredibles world where the things that come at the end of the movie are changed for heartless and sora comes to beat them and uses a superhero costume . 
  also why ? 
  like wait when this happens , check for lighting sales or something similar . 
  [ i liked the trailer but the movie was n't that good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xisq-7qqdqg ) any other examples . 
  [ this is my team ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xroem ) i 'm not using my start xi since i 'm rotating because of the 2-3 games per week month . 
  i need someone between my midfield and defense and if anyone has an idea for a new lineup please suggest . 
  next season will be 2016-2017 . 
  additional info :, 
  i rotate rakitic and thiago cm, 
  draxler and el shaarawy lm, 
  montolivo and blind cdm, 
  didac and martins indi lb, 
  abate and mesto ( youth player ) rb, 
  ljajic where needed . 
  hong normally is for marking adrian ramos from udinese which is the sweaty team in the league . 
  cerci is top scorer and bony is just there to score any whenever they block cerci 's shots . 
  vlaar and nocerino will retire next season , neto ( gk ) and stefan savic ( cb ) will join in pre-contracts . 
  or at least somebody that speaks chinese , i want to know if they actively say they do n't like a certain type of gods , if they do n't like the portrayal of say mayan gods like we do with nu wa . 
  i do n't have videos of the incidents but today some gods in arena had a strange blue glow when you attack them and they are immune to cc and damage . 
  there where 3 in one [ match ] ( https://account.hirezstudios.com/smitegame/match-details.aspx?match=91927179 ) in which wukong was diving hard my team and when he was low on health he just used his 3 across the map in very high speed . 
  he was also able to just skip xbalanque ult and continue attacking , at the end of the match the team claimed lag and the 3 that went flawless looked like they were together . 
  another [ one ] ( https://account.hirezstudios.com/smitegame/match-details.aspx?match=91953563 ) was using athena and she had a blue glow ( maybe my graphics card needs an update but the glow was only in the immune gods ), 
  i 'm not really sure if it 's a glitch or a cheat but 3 guys going flawless in arena is unlikely even if they were better just look how merc died 8 times . 
  like having one account for na and another for la and choose ingame what account i want to use . 
  or is it like the pts that they are separate games ? 
  i took this from a thread in / r/tf2 and i thought it was funny . 
  something like trying to imitate the announcer 's voice saying ok, 
  i do n't know why this is n't in the game , but i think we should be able to buy items with just right-clicking once on the icon . 
  if it 's already in game can you tell me where is the option ? 
  first i 'm not an angel myself but i never take it as far as this guy . 
  he instalocked a role it was already picked said f u i 'm mid until the match started and bm the whole match ( muted him mid game so i ca n't tell if it was the entire match ) i did n't reply to him i only asked him why he was like that . 
  we won the match but this guy went bm after the match i told everyone to report him and one of my teammates said no because we won , then the bmer started calling me various names until he left . 
  i have 3 pics of the endgame lobby i can show , and send a ticket but i 'm not sure if this is the right way . 
  apparently goodwill is not taken in account in matchmaking because i have 100 % and this happens often . 
  janus ult imo is pretty broken , how many times have we seen a team winning like dig against cog prime . 
  in laning phase if he sees his teammates in danger he can just ult to the lane and make a really quick rotation that can help his team , when you compare that to apollo you can see that janus ult is super mana effective ; apollo ca n't take his teammates with him and drains his mana a lot which is not that bad because his damage comes more from basic attacks than abilities . 
  they should make his ult to cost more the more portals it does , this way he ca n't just go from solo to gold fury and help his team while the enemy solo laner calls missing because that 's the only way he can do something in that fight . 
  another god is ra , his heal is amazing ; how many times have you seen a fight reset , ra drops heal , heals all the team then start fighting again and win the fight ? 
  no other god ( maybe sylvanus ) can do this as fast as he can , aphrodite only heals 1 god at a time and her kiss goes on cooldown every time she uses it . 
  they should make that the amount healed decreases depending on how many allies you have under the circle . 
  if there 's 4 allies in the circle they do n't get healed the same amount than 1 ally standing there . 
  another thing is freya ult , honestly i do n't get killed with it as much as people here say but when i use it feels unfair . 
  example : i 'm freya adc against rama , i use the 2 +1 combo push him under tower , finish him with ult , land in lane not in tower range because i can move freely in the skies . 
  if rama did this , i know where he will land , i can dodge his arrows because it gives me a warning and it gets smaller every shot ; after he lands i banish him activate 1 and use my 2 or 4 . 
  if my memory does n't fail me every shot comes out of nowhere there is n't a circle on the floor like rama ult and also she flies away really quick . 
  this can be changed easily changed or at least add more complexity to the skillshot . 
  this thoughts come from practice i 'm not a theorycrafter or look at the numbers and say `` this is op ! '', 
  so i want to here your opinion on the tweaks or you can suggest for other gods . 
  is there a subreddit where i can learn a little bit more about the game ? 
  and how is it that my enemies in play mode have really good cards like epic , rare or legendaries when i 'm just starting and apparently they are as well ? 
  do i have to grind a class to get them or is it okay to play them all . 
  honestly this new matchmaking is awful , i feel like i 'm getting worse at this game , every match i play is someone going afk , not connecting , quiting without a warning ( you can tell when someone is having connection issues because they usually start running into walls or jumping around ) , why do i get so many leavers if i do n't leave my games . 
  this past week i played less and less this game because i do n't find it any fun or challenging to queue in a match and expect a `` shit or get shit on '' matchmaking ( if they decide to play since some players go `` i need to go eat sorry '' at the start of the match ) if i win is because the other team had an afk same when i lose . 
  i 'm not like if i do n't carry i do n't like this game but at least i want hope that if i win my lane i can help other lanes or they can help me instead of `` first blood ? 
  gg guys f6@10 or i quit/troll the game '' . 
  also many streamers are hardly playing because of this and if they play they do it in a party . 
  i just had a really bad game against a mage that played a bunch of secrets , i could n't do anything and it was so frustrating . 
  spellbender , mirror entity , counterspell , kirin tor mage , ethereal sarcanist , the deathrattle minion that gives you a free secret . 
  anything i had she had something for it . 
  and priest using thoughtsteal , mindgames , shadow madness , cabal shadow priest . 
  i think the way to go is having a really shitty deck against that . 
  in this year there have been , without counting reworks , 5 new junglers , 4 supports , 3 mid laners , and 2 hunters . 
  i personally do n't count nemesis and osiris solo lane warriors because they are n't built like one and they are not designed to be one ( in the god reveal osiris has jungler build in all scenarios ) , it 's only until recent days that osiris is finding his way back to the meta in the solo lane . 
  odin got reworked and he feels very good in the solo lane but his passive is really hard to stack until you 're the team-fights phase , we need something more like chaac or vamana that are good tanks but they are n't forced to be supports . 
  seeing how jordi alba [ tried ] ( http://gfycat.com/marriedcorruptelephantbeetle ) to get a penalty today and just got told to get up made me think that he keeps doing it because is not that punished like other fouls . 
  every time i see someone doing something similar i ca n't wait to see the face on the player when a referee shows him a red card but never happens . 
  a red card could be excessive but i just think a bigger punishment could make them stop . 
  [ another angle ] ( http://gfycat.com/insignificantbelatedequestrian ), 
  i 'm new to mods so i would prefer it to be from nexus because of the mod manager , even if ca n't find anything like that maybe you can or know something like it . 
  i read that dragonfall is a better game than shadowrun returns but i have n't played the series and i like the art of the game . 
  which one is better to start ? 
  pros and cons, 
  no one browses subredditideas so i post it here . 
  something like tifu by attacking pearl harbor or smething like that . 
  it 's the only way i can access internet since my router is pretty far away , do i really need the drivers ? 
  the only answer i got from google is [ this ] ( http://www.quora.com/can-tp-link-tl-wn722n-work-with-windows-10-without-driver-issues ) .
