  is that sarcasm ? 
  so , why did you google my username and checked my name on twitter ? 
  weird but ok , i do n't think you 're a bad person , and i do n't even like my username . 
  let me now if you found out how you tagged me as that, 
  because he 's always on reddit, 
  i 've had my rb1 drum kit since 2008 and it has n't break or wear , if you do n't hit very hard they last a lot , the pedal is easy to break but easy to repair . 
  why everybody wants karama on their cake day ? 
  why not make a new track ? 
  somewhere better than mexico city, 
  i do n't like the track , i rather have a tilke circuit than the autodromo again , also we need a new circuit and bring back f1 , indy cars , nascar ( real nascar not the mexican ) alms , and maybe motogp or aussie v8s and a new circuit like austin can make it , we have carlos slim that could own the circuit . 
  make the circuit near cancun , you would have two things to go there , beach and track , all the family is happy . 
  a bro never says no, 
  he was planning a bomb, 
  this animated macros hurt my bandwidth, 
  ^ i ^ like ^ stepped ^ noses, 
  a cup of bleach will cheer you up, 
  if you 're going to have sex , always , always , always ask, 
  sauber kind of looks like 2010 hrt, 
  what if i spawned in mexico ? 
  looks up a song he likes on the internet , finds it, 
  have you went deeper ? 
  op was too beta to even talk to her , and failed class, 
  entertaining lies , but that 's why i use 4chan, 
  how tall are you ? 
  fuck you , do n't tell me what to believe, 
  i thought it was talking about how girls felt on their period, 
  this is very good, 
  32gb of ram , 30 tb hard drive is going to be trash in 10 years, 
  it has n't been that wrong in the last years , it has only been slow because the companies want more profit . 
  i do n't know what would i do with 256gb of ram except gaming and open 300 chrome tabs , i 'm okay with it . 
  just use david luiz and you ca n't go wrong, 
  brian d, 
  guys , should we tell him ? 
  it sounds cool and lots of drama, 
  just do n't run into tommy hatcher and you will be safe, 
  you forgot a, 
  that totally happened, 
  nobody knows how to type in this thread, 
  yesterday i got the same as this , bale is a good keeper, 
  [ this song makes it perfect ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpd-wpnxpmu ), 
  this was in the forntpage a week ago, 
  you totally forgot the last three years, 
  you missed the joke, 
  george michael ? 
  just imagine john goodman as that dad . 
  got it memorized ? 
  it 's nice to see moyes 's team in top 5 , oh ... 
  i have n't finished season 4 yet , can you tell me why ? 
  [ wow this guy just posts until it hits ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vsrsgtm.png ), 
  i think the rule of cool applies here, 
  he probably stopped when he realized what he did, 
  dude , are you charging in your ama ? 
  i hope they do n't force la players to play in those servers , since i get better connection to us ; that 's why i do n't play lol the la servers are bad and i get better connection to smite servers . 
  lol 60 fps and 70 ping is heaven for me, 
  oh i understand now, 
  * does n't need to prove himself, 
  wow , autres is really good, 
  mexico to beat brazil in groups and again in the final by playing really defensive football . 
  it happened 10 years ago in the euros , it can happen again . 
  well i expect neuer to like the german plan, 
  subbing torres was like shooting in the air while you 're falling dead expecting to hit anything . 
  thanks . 
  buen intento . 
  wilson palacios has certainly become one player less in the team now . 
  3:04 reminds me of [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/gkzw63v6woe?t=19s ), 
  you ca n't carry a team when you 're 1 man and 2 goals down on the first half and your main striker injured . 
  if you do the 1:99 trick you can sign cristiano ronaldo or messi free in 2015 or 2016 . 
  they ask for a ton of salary though . 
  i find hel super hard to do good but you feel unkillable in late game , too bad everybody surrenders now in conquest before hitting level 15 ( the reason i do n't play it anymore ) . 
  the last 3 woody allen movies brought me disappointment , but think i 'll still watch this just in case . 
  frances ha ; if you like the title character it will bring you a smile at the end . 
  [ guardado ] ( http://www.futhead.com/14/players/3792/andres-guardado/ ) i read it 's good but i have n't tried it myself, 
  all england had to do is deal with another beaver . 
  like vance joy, 
  i play it on practice first because you get focused a lot anyways . 
  frances ha ? 
  mine too , it 's very uplifting . 
  thanks i got one, 
  someone should add nothing to do here at the end, 
  i wish i was a divorced woman so i could reply `` so that 's why my ex-husband told me he was average '' . 
  i like cloud atlas but is nowhere near city of god, 
  i think that city of god is a bigger achievement and the story was very interesting you do n't need super deep , multiple levels and original plot you just need to tell it well . 
  cloud atlas had already proven talent with the actors and directors but felt short to the hype . 
  most people have told me that cloud atlas was to hard to follow and that it was n't what they expected when they were going to see a tom hanks movie . 
  just imagine a game of thrones movie of the first book with all the stories mashed together in 2.5 hours . 
  it 's like you 're in the date with them, 
  he probably copied this from the lol subreddit, 
  genzoman did artwork for a tcg of myths and legends ( this is the name of it just in spanish ) i used to buy them because they were awesome and i like myths this is also the reason i play smite . 
  so you like dags ? 
  my mom and me watched this together and agreed to never live in rural pennsylvania no matter how good it looks . 
  one time a ne zha failed the stun on the very first gank and anubis raged then said gg ill alt tab fucking noobs , when we asked him why he said he failed once he will most likely fail again . 
  why are these kind of players allowed to play with normal queuers , if somebody surrenders often and gets a lot of complaints of afk and harrass he should only be able to queue with more people like him . 
  i do n't get why i have to deal with these guys . 
  jorodowsky 's dune it is a fantastic documentary , it made me very happy , it was awesome that the message of his movie went to apply in reality . 
  david lynch 's dune being awful was like poetic justice . 
  i played egypt twice in the same week , it was weird but nothing game breaking . 
  but what i get a random disconnection or my pc fucks up ; i 'll have to play casual for days to get back because of something it 's not my fault . 
  brazil screamed golden goal at min 90 so they are finalists now, 
  i like watching his arms when dribbling he is just using his hands constantly , pushing the defenders , taking the arms off him just so he can continue running . 
  if neymar wants to learn something from messi it 's this .
