recon is shit now with the regular motion sensor or the worst nerfed rifles, 
  i also did a transition from 360 to pc but i bought cod4 because 1 . i like more that game and 2 . i do n't have really powerful pc . 
  and way more satisfactory than console , there are less people using cheap tactics and not as many hackers i expected . 
  good review, 
  you can now fill your pc screen and record with fraps real 1080p, 
  get a better connection, 
  it is for console i know but is up to 720p todays standards is 1080p, 
  i got knifed at the start of a tdm game on canals is not a cq problem, 
  yy ladder stall 1080 shotgun killstreak reverse 360 no scope wallbang with sideways throwing knife fakie on the grass, 
  reminds me guitar hero , they are going to make the 2013 call of duty then is going to die, 
  lurk never is enough . 
  but seriously do n't rush the objective like a mindless persson just to ptfo be sure to kill all the enemies near the area , stay close to your teammates specially if you 're not the same class as him to fully take advantage of your gadgets , run from one cover to another , low your sensativity to make your aim better if it 's very slow to turn around look at your minimap it 's a legal wallhack . 
  also when trying hard does n't gives you profit try less sometimes gives you a different point of view . 
  play tetris friends , it takes no skill to play tetris stars, 
  well i taught it was dead because bc2 on consoles is pretty much dead and is just 2 years old and bf2 is from 2005 . 
  with those questions answered i 'll give it a try it 's just $ 20, 
  wow, 
  the metro ui came out first for windows phone then windows 8 then thexbox, 
  i hope you own those games irl, 
  m1911 is better than m9 he must have used it before he unlock the .44, 
  turn off aim assist and you 'll know the reality, 
  i play without aim assist unless i 'm getting shit on then i turn on aim assist , bad company 1 did n't have aim assist it was good because you did n't just pick the controller and `` pwn '' people . 
  also agressive recon was harder because of that but it was compensated by the all powerful m95 i use it more than my pistol, 
  lol i sometimes feel when the computer is following the guy for me, 
  practice your aim and when you turn it on its easy mode, 
  overly attached squad member, 
  it was a top comment on youtube, 
  when i enter a server says that the server is running on an old punkbuster version then i got kicked , wat ? 
  i still like this game, 
  its like sheldon giving cats and $ 20, 
  that 's a tryhard card, 
  one thing i 've learned of life is that even if you are totally right about an idea or a fact you ca n't force them believe in it , it 's like music , sports , religion and politics, 
  expect a noob, 
  $ 2 for a master chief skin and other 45 additional ones sounds fair to me, 
  you can get in trouble if youtube knows this, 
  how did you stand 20 prestiges ? 
  i do n't know why i read this with the top gear voices, 
  but remember rei and asuka are 14 years old you pedo, 
  there was a castle map on bc1, 
  i also posted a meme breaking the rules here but i 'm fucked anyways, 
  at least we are not totally broke right ? 
  10 ties !, 
  mw3 mission or cod 4 wetwork , how can you airstrike the ship without making it sink ? 
  imo the m16 is better than famas, 
  i think we have made more work in balancing a game in a week or so than iw in 2 years, 
  brazilian one that is like fuck ha fuck ha, 
  search omgitsbirdman on youtube to get totally disturbed by his septa moab spawn trapping, 
  used to be pnwstar4hire but he does n't post cod anymore but i 'm still subscribed to him because i like battlefield but now xcal tops my list also enadzt he is not that well known but he is good he was on the winning team of coc and owned xjawz, 
  i think they 're already there . 
  not premium but last patch was very big, 
  how unlucky but thats the price for modded xbox, 
  i do n't want to play the game on ultra for now . 
  i just want to run it at least on low with good fps or normal with regular fps, 
  they say 2 commercial breaks but select them and nothing happens so its not a big deal, 
  its not a tube, 
  * grinch smile *, 
  sex to celebrate we are alive , himym anyone ? 
  wow, 
  just wow, 
  waiting for the guys to come out of their spawn is boring . 
  though taunt kill at the door is like a russian roulette and is fun, 
  he said in the video that he did n't wanted to be the voice of the community he wanted someone else to do it, 
  says the guy with l33t on his name, 
  i saw what you did there, 
  probably the only scary thing on bioshock , it made me jump, 
  xbox live enforcement team or whatever they are called now , bans people and sends their account to a dark void where there 's no way around acording to them , while in reality they are just lazy, 
  [ the video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-c-aixzsls&amp;feature=related ), 
  votes for terminal ground war domination, 
  complains of getting spawn trapped, 
  where 's 1943 ? 
  it 's ok you only missed three cartoonish maps that are fun but nothing compared to bc series, 
  what 's the name of the song ? 
  i have listen to it before but i ca n't just remember, 
  is this us only demo ? , it does n't appear on my marketplace, 
  you 're probably the guy ( or girl ) that walks slow, 
  me too , one time a guy asked me why i was angry i answered him because you walk so slow !, 
  they should add vehicles like in armored fury [ like this ] ( http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/battlefield_2#vehicles ), 
  thanks quickmeme at least you read it, 
  [ here is a pic of me ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/003/619/untitled-1.jpg ), 
  uruguay is in south america, 
  is that supermanv2 next to him ? 
  can i buy it with paypal, 
  at least he did n't call him fag or something worse ( i do know that the ac130 its on rails and nobody controls it ), 
  that happens when you `` never leave the hood '', 
  i read your username but i somehow clicked anyway, 
  i think that it does n't look as great and next gen as the normal battlefield but it is way better, 
  your cake day and only qkme commented have an upvote, 
  kimi also had this problem on 2004 lol, 
  probably one of the most expensive crashes in history, 
  b-but kamui and gutierrez, 
  i 'm going to stay in the believing that you did n't put the music over the video, 
  homeless not poor, 
  that is expensive, 
  if that happens i bet he is n't going to qualify to indianapolis, 
  i saw that episode ( i live in mexico probably that ) they burned the cereal and the box to see how many calories they had but i do n't remember the final veredict . 
  ( i apologize if i do n't have good grammar or the words are n't well writen ), 
  10 $ for normal version on amazon or 50 $ with premium ( all dlc ) on origin, 
  press ctrl + w when listening a song on youtube and will download the audio, 
  doctor who ? 
  yes you can but is better buying the full package on origin than buy some dlc and the game and then premium because you pay more,
