  yeah , i did n't check . 
  apparently , she wo n't come out again , do you know if this is true ? 
  imo if a writer thinks that the audience is uneducated therefore he should n't put much thought then he is not thinking that the audience knows the abstract concepts , they just ca n't name them or explain them . 
  audiences know when a writer cheats and uses too much coincidence in a story . 
  because draymond is 6 ' 6 at best, 
  kyrie gets traded to an eastern conference team that barely makes the playoffs and lebron sweeps his team averaging 27/11/12, 
  i need some water, 
  she should cover more songs like same ol' mistakes, 
  everybody got a moral license when they voted for obama !, 
  plot armor 's buoyancy is legendary . 
  there was a shot of 3 horses running from battle , 2 whites and 1 black . 
  can we start making theories about the meaning of this shot ? 
  i used to play this back in 2011 when the sand could fly and thought it was fantastic but watching minecraft today is really overwhelming . 
  i 'll see if any friends want to join me, 
  imagine listening to latin american radios , it was on its way out but then usa said they wanted another go at this and we still have it 24/7 . 
  same , and now they play both because technically is a different song . 
  i want to watch more greta gerwig but not like this, 
  that 's so wrong i kinda wish i could listen to it, 
  i 'm not american ( but my city is near the us and heavily influenced by them ) but i think we 're living in a boneless wings bubble , every day i see more and more places selling chicken wings and when the fandom stops and they will come down to a reasonable price and some places are going bust . 
  counterpoint : competition helps to get better service and prices , if there 's only 1 good streaming service then we have to pray they do n't become a bad company . 
  yes , you will be paying for a lot of different streaming services but you should only pay for the ones you want to really watch . 
  imagine a future where you pay for netflix/amazon/disney / hulu when your favorite shows release a new season and not just rely on sony , wb , disney , universal not asking for more money for licensing content to netflix . 
  the full series of `` lost '' cost the company $ 45 million , `` scrubs '' came in at $ 26 million and `` desperate housewives '' totaled $ 12 million for a single year . 
  every streaming service will compete with the other to get your money either by offering a cheap deal or good content . 
  netflix expects that people suscribe to their plataform for great exclusive content rather than good content not made by them , because it costs them less . 
  i 'm not from the us but as far as i know , the problem is that sometimes a neighborhood has coverage from only 1 company . 
  i 'm lucky to live in a big city and i have my pick in at least 3 isps in my neighborhood that offer optical fiber but i know the rest of the country sometimes only have 1 option and they get lower speeds for more than what i pay , and that 's why i believe that 's also the case in the us . 
  now , the only boundary on the streaming services is where do they offer their services . 
  in mexico i can buy netflix , amazon prime , blim , hbo go , clarovideo or fox play ; none of them cost more than usd$ 10 . 
  it costs mxn$ 270 ( $ 15 usd ) to get the simple cable package ( 100 channels ) without internet and mxn$ 430 ( $ 24 usd ) to also get 10mbps internet . 
  that 's not the case in every country . 
  favorite album age ai n't nothing but a number, 
  luckily streaming services will provide the entirety of the us and the internet will be an open battlefield, 
  i believe in a future where wnba gets more exposure , his daughter gets drafted and he becomes lavar ball 2.0, 
  nash looks funny as hell but then i remember he is 6 ' 3 '' , jacked , and could potentially destroy me so i stop laughing . 
  he might be the kind of guy who stops after a firm punch or the guy that kicks you on the floor, 
  a little too late to the party do n't you think ? 
  but yeah any vocaloid song is worse than a replacement pop song, 
  r/fantasypl , r/soccer , r/nba is where i spend most of my time , i like every part from shitposts to well thought posts . 
  but every time i 'll have a test , i 'll search / r/youtubehaiku for the top of the month and it gives me that clear mind you get after laughing a lot at stupid things . 
  i have it on blu ray and i rewatch just because the movie looks gorgeous . 
  i guess it 's because i had no expectations that i found the story decent and the jokes funny . 
  the only improvement was production value . 
  i really liked the cinematography and every actor was at the top of their game . 
  i did not need to watch this, 
   star wars prequels are better than the newest ones, 
  damn !, 
  it does n't have to be stupid . 
  hot takes are just provocative and mainly reactionary , you can say something provocative and defend it . 
  it 's just for fun but it 's not for everyone . 
  have n't seen any of those movies but with movies before the 60s i tend to think that they get praise because of the influence they gave to other filmmakers . 
  some movies are just praised because they were the first . 
  vertigo was a movie that was n't well received but slowly started getting recognition , some movies have the opposite effect . 
  hitchcock nailed intrigue with vertigo but i agree , it has flaws and [ the ending was funny as hell . 
  i could n't believe someone wrote that ] ( #spoiler ) . 
  nonetheless , it was a good movie but not great great . 
  the romantic subplot made the movie longer than it should be and telepathic abilities were just a wasted opportunity . 
  other than that looper is not considered bad . 
  wow !!, 
  that 's over the line, 
   zack snyder is brilliant and has made some of the greatest comic book movies ever ( watchmen , man of steel , and batman v superman ), 
  sure , if you disregard story structure . 
  batman v superman felt like zack snyder saying cool shit for the third act , then trying to come up with a way to justify everything so he wrote a 2-hour first act . 
  cruise mide 1.70, 
  cerro de la campana , el topo y colinas del aeropuerto estan on point, 
  i agree with the second thing but not so much the first because i ca n't see tarantino doing sucker punch unless it 's in a pseudo low-quality way . 
  unless your point was `` attach a big name of cult movies and it becomes one '', 
  here 's my take : star trek into darkness is a good movie if you do n't know anything about star trek and do n't even watch the trailer . 
  in a way , it fulfilled the purpose of a flashy summer blockbuster that i wanted to see . 
  i did n't even mention his `` baseball is an easy sport to understand because dominicans understand it '' that got him fired, 
  even stevens was peak shia . 
  forrest is not a redneck , he is just from the south . 
  i 'm from mexico and people here love this movie and constantly qoute it , so that should tell you that the basic story has no borders . 
  it 's worth a watch redditors are just bitter . 
  hans zimmer is 80 % the suspense in his movies . 
  he then said `` to be clear they are not known for academic achievments '' does he even listen to himself ? 
  he has n't seen it and he already has an oversimplified opinion from reddit ( not specifically you since you only call it overrated ) that does n't do justice to the movie . 
  basically , forrest is an idiot reacting to shit for 2 hours , throwing some lines at random and at some point [ he gets raped by jenny and possibly gets aids ] ( #spoiler ) . 
  ironic that somebody already made that comment in this very comment thread . 
   emma watson is a decent actress and the hate for her has everything to do with her feminism . 
  i believe this too . 
  as soon as an actress even dares to comment on wage gap there 's a ton of `` she should fire her agent then '' , maybe the ones actually in the business know more than the average redditor . 
  robert mckee in his book story claims there 's a [ triangle ] ( https://henrybondstoryanalyst.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/mckee-plot-triangle.jpg ) to explain a story structure . 
  nolan 's movies do n't fall into the arch plot category . 
  inception , for example , has a passive protagonist in cobb , open ending and an internal conflict of his fight to know what is real after spending so much time inside the limbo . 
  that 's as much character he can write without sidelining more the rest of the cast or making the movie longer . 
  maybe he is not brilliant because he is literally by the book . 
  how sad is your life ? 
  if you do n't like it downvote it and move on . 
  how is la la land not a musical ? 
  3rd act barely having any songs was a good decision and helped the ending . 
  i ca n't remember what happened after that . 
  hell i will even say that hollywood politics gave that movie an oscar and considering john lassetter was close to the top of the academy from 2005-2014 . 
  in what way is up better than coraline and fantastic mr. fox . 
  but it is a movie where characters sing ( and dance ) to advance the plot and/or express their feelings and define goals . 
  if this is n't a musical then i do n't know what is . 
  the traffic song introduces the world , the second song introduces what mia 's desires , third song was anti-meet cute , city of stars expands the theme of the movie , the audition song was the climax of mia 's story and the montage was the climax of seb 's story . 
  if the movie was n't a musical then all of this would have been exposed through regular dialogue and actions instead of breaking into a musical number . 
  most people just wanted to see realistic ( at the time ) dinosaurs so the movie gave people what they wanted . 
  it 's the same with avatar , people wanted to see the best 3d they could see at the time not compelling story about aliens and humans .
