  you 're not making christian music better you 're making rock worse, 
  there is colorism in mexico but there 's no anti-black movements or groups . 
  the only thing you should expect is people staring or making racist jokes ( that they think are harmless ) because they never met a black man in their life . 
  i love bill burr making sports analogies for any topic, 
  el grip/bipod estaria padre para battlefield, 
  hope you 're trolling but if they invested money in making every child go to school , one of them will eventually come out with an academic achievement . 
  there 's loads of talent in third world countries but they have more problems than doing better at school compared to your average suburban kid . 
  kids are born as a blank canvas where you can either paint the mona lisa or a decorative apple , it 's just matter of investing time on them . 
  what you 're saying is , `` dark hbo mini-series '' of sucker punch would have been a better use of the ip ? 
  someone suggested making a season with a different comedian and he mentioned john mulaney being the best choice . 
  how do you misunderstand that much a major theme of a series that you have watched for 2 seasons ? 
  anyways , i believe that if aziz does n't want to write more about his life he can still make another show based on the idea of the episode where he barely featured . 
  after silver linings playbook , i always say `` desean jackson is in da house '' every time i hear about him . 
  i love it but what could she add ? 
  r/kanye about to be lit, 
  in another reality , the song starts with some piano slowly playing the waltz for half a minute then boom the full song . 
  imo pure heroine would be successful today because people are looking for the next pure heroine . 
  lorde was influential for which pop would be promoted after ph since they were looking for the next alt/electropop singer . 
  so after royals being # 1 on billboard , artists like charli xcx , banks , alunageorge , and tove lo had their breakthrough . 
  i was kind of meme-ing what reddit always says with the `` dark hbo mini-series '' , i agree with you too , snyder does not know how to tell a compelling story . 
  maybe a secondary character as the contrast of dev , even mulaney says he is the typical vanilla white guy . 
  i said this in one of the comments on the thread . 
  i wanted to ask this question before : why do you hate ed sheeran so much ? 
  i do n't listen to his music but on the radio i do n't mind him until i get fatigued of people playing the same song . 
  story structure is about making your feel coherent and engaging . 
  batman doubts superman is actually making the world a better place , so he starts an investigation . 
  batman and superman fight but decide to join forces against a bigger threat . 
  superman sacrifices for the greater good and in his name batman starts the justice league . 
  that 's plot . 
  the things that happen . 
  how all those things happen , the characters , dialogue , time and steps made for all those coming together it 's the story . 
  snyder failed at this , he could n't fit all the pieces he had to make this a good film . 
  the incredible jessica james . 
  things had potential at the start , jessica who i did n't know who she was before , is funny ; chris o'dowd is funny . 
  the daydreaming of the ex was cool . 
  but the story started to have a lot of problems and missed opportunities . 
  the o'dowd plot was promising with him being a weird stalker but no , what did she do ? 
  cheap drama and shitty resolution . 
  the scene with the playwright was so awkward too , like they gave sarah jones the lines 5 mins before the shooting and she acted awful so they `` fixed it '' in post . 
  jessica williams was afraid of giving herself some flaws other than `` ca n't get over my ex '' and `` my career is going nowhere '' . 
  i do n't know if the semi-rant she gave at the baby shower was meant to make her look like an out of place bitch or a feminist that illuminates women . 
  and the ending that tried to subvert a trope was not even good . 
  overall i think jessica williams can find better movies since she is charismatic and james strouse should either get better at writing or focus on directing and find a good writer . 
  ** watch frances ha instead of this is my veredict **, 
  hispanics are of different races . 
  someone call kelly olynyk, 
  yeah , it felt like the plot was unresolved . 
  throw everything that happens leading up to the playwright part , write a better ending and you have a better movie . 
  meet reddit 's new user , hulu !, 
   with some proper character development, 
  avoid this movie if you want that . 
  no character accomplishes anything besides jessica and she does n't exactly grow as a person , she gets more meaning about the things she decided to do . 
  this twitter is so biased , how can you trust it ? 
  anything relating social studies is bad science to them . 
  why should n't the masses be studied ? 
  are economics , political theory , and linguistics just some phony pseudo-sciences, 
  that argument is so stupid it only tells me that you know nothing about the topic , so you have no say in what is and what is n't a science . 
  if you stare long you go nearly blind for months . 
  after those months you will have the halo burned in your retina and occasionally see it . 
  is this the 50s ? 
  so it 's true , there are oxxos literally everywhere . 
  you would know, 
  but hey i 'm the exception , in a 2 mile radius there 's only 1 and 2\u00a07/11 s and i 'm in the middle of the city . 
  yeah , and to be honest they did not have an impact in the convenience stores ( tienditas ) that were already there so that 's good to know . 
  the only thing that sucks is that i need an oxxo to put some money in my bus card , so a closer oxxo would benefit me . 
  because it took time for humanity to get to europe ? 
  [ humanity went east before going west ] ( https://genographic.nationalgeographic.com/human-journey/ ) because of the ice age which froze half of europe but did n't freeze asia . 
  societies that were established before humanity even stepped a foot in europe would obviously be more developed . 
  it has nothing to do with race . 
  plus i love it when i have no money and just ask to put it on tab . 
  which is something that is never going to happen in a 7/11 . 
  my source is national geographic , what 's yours ? 
  i 'm all for diversification but , where 's the latinos and asians in comic book shows and movies ? 
  it seems like if they want to go another way with the ethnicity of characters it 's always black . 
  i want someone to root for other than the janitor or the delivery guy . 
  i read about this in the simmons book and even though he described it as the cringiest moment , he fell short since i ca n't even finish the actual video . 
  this is how english sounds to non speakers, 
  no argument convinces me of wasting my wildcard right now . 
  it 's doing average but i planned to start conservative and save my wildcard for december . 
  i feel like everybody doing it either is shit at planning a team ( for months in advance ) or trying to get that out of the box player . 
   subtle minimalism, 
  why ? 
  or how ? 
  not trying to be an asshole but i thought that it was n't subtle that it did n't have grand production and kept it simple . 
   he 's rapping gibberish , but it 's a cool sounding gibberish . 
  this describes young thug too . 
  that second wildcard is best for double weekend preparations . 
  i 'm late but i really like sim city 3000 . 
  but i have n't played any other sim city . 
  i wish my laptop could run cities skylines though . 
   to be honest , most of what i know about it i 've seen in youtube videos, 
  you have n't played the game and yet you feel like making a post about how much you dislike it ? 
  the camera shakiness is barely noticeable when you play it because you know where it 's going . 
  have you stopped to think that the praise is coming from people that disliked the previous games ( which by the way some of them were mediocre ) ? 
  maybe it 's so good you either win or win . 
   lisa, 
  i 've only seen videogamedunkey 's video about this game , how is it really ? 
  the big cities that provide that kind of service are not worse than the average us city . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment, 
  tycoon games , euro truck simulator ( driving games in general ) and sports games .
