  surprisingly they did and and the best ( kinda ) is that we had an aphro support that kept me alive fighting 3v1 and winning they listen to my calls and we made the comeback . 
  i never thought about this , i 'll try next time . 
  ca n't believe nobody said `` the new ea '' ubisoft, 
  i stop reading reviews from meristation when they gave a bad grade to a game that was n't translated ; why is this a thing in spain ? 
  probably ochoa does better with shit defenders, 
  yes , going from ajaccio to liverpool is quite the jump , i honestly think that is worth to try at least to put some pressure in mignolet ( last season mancity benched joe hart and he started to perform ) another thing is that malaga probably will convince him to move since they 're getting money for something they got free . 
  before is too late, 
  i here i was thinking my pc was so bad i could n't run the god selection screen . 
  i think it 's easier to win champions league since there are less matches and a different system than just grinding wins hoping mancity does n't buy his way to success with unlimited money . 
  messi 's crossbar challenge, 
  [ iniesta ] ( http://img01.lavanguardia.com/2013/04/09/andres-iniesta-durante-la-rued_54371075081_54028874188_960_639.jpg ) and [ this guy ] ( http://www.mediamikes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/impractical-jokers-james-murr-murray-1.jpg ) from impractical jokers, 
  i just want a map that low to medium pc can run without problems , part of the reasons i play smite instead of battlefield ( the game i used to play the most ) is that my pc ca n't run the new versions and i do n't have money to upgrade . 
  in my recent carrer they have : luis suarez , negredo , jovetic , james rodriguez , navas , david silva , yaya toure , strootman , matuidi , toni kroos , javi martinez , begovic ( uncanny reflexes ) and just recently sold kompany to juventus and now are interested in lamela , gundoghan and ozil . 
  i used to be everton but i changed to chelsea to buy every defensive player they wanted so they had a shit defense and so far it 's working . 
  it 's not like he forgot which team he is playing after the knockout, 
  i remember villaluz , he looked promising , if i remember correctly he won the u17 world cup with vela and dos santos ; i did n't knew that happened to him i just thought he just stopped developing like many mexican talents and then disappeared . 
  but imo depends on the player , maybe villaluz stopped taking risks and kramer thought `` well this things just happen '' . 
  how can a bunch of talented players can lower themselves to play like that . 
  they just look for the better player on the other team and foul him , even argue with the referee when they clearly went with an bad intent , madzukic doing his cunt foul of the game against vela that did n't got him a yellow was an obvious one . 
  those 3 penalty fouls that did n't got called got in the player 's heads and made them play safely when they had the advantage . 
  do n't give this man karma until he can give proof of the thread he was supposed to reply, 
  when i build cabrakan with gem of iso and voidstone i get called a noob even if i have sovereignity and i 'm helping them get kills ( getting some myself which makes their blood boil ) . 
  really ? 
  can you link it ? 
  he is fun to play but it 's pretty much the `` i want to lose the game '' god in spl, 
  this guy is a troll but when someone says this for real they should really get help, 
  assassin 's are in and out kind of gods some are aa based and some are ability based . 
  with the burst meta they are so easily killed it 's better to build damage early game , defense late game . 
  thor , thanatos , serqet , loki , hunbatz are ability based and you should not buy items like rage or qin 's sais i recommend to get jotunns as 2nd item on this gods and only thana should buy ninja tabi . 
  you can build crit but i only suggest deathbringer on serqet , loki and hun batz . 
  you do n't buy lifesteal because you do n't get it from abilities . 
  arachne , bakasura , kali , mercury , and ne zha are aa gods you should buy crits , you can build qin 's and lifesteal in most of them . 
  bastet , fenrir , and nemesis are hybrid some people build them aa some build them ability , jotunns is a good pick up , and some people that like to go face buy asi , qin 's , or executioner . 
  i 've seen some guys getting lifesteal , crits and executioner on fenrir and do well but i like to build him like thor . 
  you should start playing thor and build him bruiser but still play in and out . 
  a gank combo i use it 's ult , spin , and stun and throw hammer if needed . 
  if it 's a teamfight it 's ult , spin , stun , and throw hammer outside the fight and teleport out wait for cooldown and attack again . 
  i know but with problems and experiments it seems like a beta instead of a fully released game, 
  chronnos skin should be outside the odyssey so future chronnos players can buy it, 
  is the gamebreaking youth academy freeze back for fifa 15 ? 
  it would 've been cool if you have n't made the account this day, 
  they should not play jonathan at the back of 3 , he gives more to the attack than the defense and when he attacks there 's no one at the back . 
  why do you hate yourslef ? 
  cry me a river, 
  i like this new way i find it easier to know who to hit to get the last hit bonus but if it 's not broken do n't fix it, 
  not to sound like a lassiz fanboy but 1 match does n't make you better than him, 
  el vivio en mexico creo que hasta le iba a [ tigres ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-i6bk9g5pjay/uacognyl6oi/aaaaaaaabug/fudswig7qeu/s1600/rob%2bschneider%2bes%2btigre.jpg ), 
  pero en monterrey se toma carta blanca o tecate y si estas viendo a los steelers o cowboys te tomas coors o miller para sentirte gringo, 
  yeah , that 's what i thought to it 's like the `` not a racist but '' thing . 
  op sounds so smug phrasing it like that, 
  do this in the woods at night like that video that got posted some days ago . 
  oh man , zapman doing 3v1s when low if you took out the names of the characters you could n't guess if that 's a bronze v or a pro player . 
  not enough shouting, 
  janus ult : you ca n't keep up with his rotations as a mid laner plus you get blamed when they get a kill even if you call missing while he is still preparing the ult . 
  at mid/late game he take his whole team to a teamfight or get them out of there and uses so little mana . 
  the games were even , what are you talking about ? 
  you 're just judging the 2-0 score and not the actual gameplay . 
  steel mail is the lucky charm obviusly, 
  if they nerf his meatball they should give him a passive, 
  you can honestly say `` no offence but this production is very amateur '' instead of sounding like you 're a class above them . 
  just like you instead of telling me my brain does n't work right you could tell me `` you 're wrong '' or tell me the reasons i 'm wrong or better yet shut up . 
  yes , i think col really got the better picks and i also think it was a big mistake to pick vamana against 4 magical characters . 
  but i have to say rambozos and chunks were n't an easy match not everyone can be aquila or sk but dig and col did n't walked into the semis . 
  probably i 'm going to get downvoted by cog fanboys but this is just getting like bayern munich in the bundesliga everybody knows they will win they just do n't know by how much . 
  3 of the teams on the finals owned by the same organization looks bad . 
  cog has 3 guaranteed prizes and it most likely have a team in the finals . 
  agree people complained so much they nerfed it to be as bad as it is, 
  i 'm not saying cog did n't deserve to win , red showed why they were the best team in the spl . 
  what i 'm saying it 's that cog just bought really good and promising teams and looking so dominant that it gives the look of a one horse race at the end of the regional finals cog will get his cut from both sides . 
  bayern did bought dortmund 's ( the main treat for the title ) best players 2 years in a row and won the league with a month or 2 to spare last season . 
  this season are struggling more but they 're still unbeaten at almost half of the season and dortmund are getting in relegation zone . 
  about the chinese teams to me they have a disadvantage of not knowing all the gods like na and eu teams . 
  my prediction it 's that na and eu will get top 4 in the swc . 
  yes i had the same happen and it 's kind of annoying but on the opposite if you have nu wa on your team and your enemy escapes with 50 health you 're begging that nu wa has ult up and secures the kill . 
  i have n't seen much about la so no comment on that . 
  hopefully next year we see team liquid , evil geniuses , navi , curse and others and not cog prince and princess . 
  do you actually have something to prove to anyone else ? 
  skill or no skill if i need to secure the kill i 'll take whatever we have . 
  [ the logo ] ( http://cdn.eldeforma.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/penal9.jpg ), 
  also as precaution :, 
  - when you farm ya it 's better to have multiple saves in case this happens you can go back a certain point . 
  - check how many players you have in pre-contracts versus how many ya players you want to sign because if you try to upgrade the ya player and you do n't have a spot for next year it will cause the freeze . 
  this is not a bad translation mockingjay it 's a made up word for a fictional bird , this title it 's a literal translation . 
  mockingbird = sinsonte and the jay comes from the jabberjay ( another fake bird ) translated charlajo . 
  do you have a better suggestion ? 
  i do n't think it 's bad considering it 's literally the same , at least better than calling it juegos del hambre 3 : la revolucion 1 or some shit like they are used to . 
  because spanish people will gave it a butchered name mockingjay and it was already translated in previous movies and the books it 's too late to change it after 2 movies . 
  because this game it 's about killing the titan and not trickshoting the enemy gods , that 's just a plus . 
  yes , any reason why you 're so aggressive towards abilities that do n't require skill ? 
  i had this happen , i was playing ao kuang i ulted but instead of throwing the enemy in the air i teleported somewhere else then got kicked to lobby , i restarted and the match was over ( we won ) i lost all my goodwill but i did n't get deserter, 
  i think it needs an `` ooooooohhhhh '' to make it perfect, 
  is this the reason why barra is not streaming smite ( or at least not as often ) ? 
  he has have so high elo that it takes a lot to match and when they do get matched it 's really bad match . 
  shadowq it 's also not streaming smite for the same reason for the matches i 've seen he gets really bad teammates , one time i even saw him with -300 elo teammate . 
  [ this gif has sound ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zlfcngvel4 ), 
  edit : [ now both in the same page ] ( http://gifsound.com/?gif=gfycat.com/bewitchedparchedgrayling&amp;v=4zlfcngvel4 ), 
  fuck , i messed up it 's player not players, 
  a support aphrodite told me yesterday that `` he has played a lot of mobas and he has never seen a support that rotates , maybe it 's lol or hon '' i asked her how often she played and said everyday , like how do you play everyday and still go around without knowing the meta ? 
  another thing she told it 's that adc it 's a build not a god and hercules went lifesteal , fatalis and crit . 
  they still won the lane because aphro/herc lane it 's so much pubstomp .
