  we even relate to animals , bugs and cars in some movies , i do n't understand all of this . 
  r/movies is just looking for things to bitch about the movie and every trailer is making them reach more and more . 
  now they 're saying that the original author does n't know anything about his own work and should n't be trusted . 
  it 's loosely based in the story , they are barely alike after they find the dragon balls for the first time . 
  it 's a homage not at all like this movie adaptation . 
  i do n't think aspas had the confidence to shoot until he saw stones not going for the tackle and ~ ~ costa ~ ~ morata covered . 
  it was a very lucky shot imo . 
  look at the run morata made and where he was in the box before aspas saw that stones was just following him instead of looking to win the ball , 9/10 times the pass goes to morata but aspas saw the opportunity and took . 
  he did meant to shoot the way he did i 'm not saying it was a fluke , the power and curve are a result of the way he shot it but , did you not see where the ball enter the net ? 
  it was lucky that it hit the post in the right side because a centimeter to the left and it does n't go in even with the ball spinning to the right . 
  a brilliant goal does n't go in without a bit of luck maybe we have different definitions of luck . 
  good discussion, 
  `` no one knows what it means but it 's provocative , it gets the people going '', 
  honestly you should look to invest in your defense , right now you have only 2 decent defenders and one of them is suspended . 
  downgrade someone in the midfield or forwards because it does n't look good for you and then fix your defense . 
  343 formation at exact 101m, 
  player | price, 
  lloris | # 5.5, 
  walker | # 6.1, 
  hazard | # 10.0, 
  firmino | # 8.6, 
  costa | # 10.4, 
  bench | price, 
  kingsley | # 4.1, 
  manu is the wildcard that spurs need, 
  well i asked myself this question on monday too and i made the team then when i saw it i posted it but now the prices have gone up . 
  just downgrade redmond to allen maybe , also you should consider that you do n't get full value from the sale of your players but you have to pay full value for the ones you bring in . 
  i have 4 players with at least 3 10 + games : lukaku , hazard , firmino and aguero . 
  i have allen but i did n't owned him when he had his first big game . 
  sub 20 with aguero captain praying circle here guys, 
  do n't, 
  i do n't know how to explain this but the way ea programs difficulty levels is making the players op instead of making them think better , play better tactics and the like . 
  i play almost daily since 06 but for me legendary was never fun . 
  m night shyamalan career is the proof of why you should n't make all your endings twist or unpredicted shit . 
  yaya playing false 6 here, 
  ochoa was good on a trash team tho . 
  / u/mglln never fails to get me depressed everyday , thanks for the consistency i guess . 
  true , burnley 's defensive plan is very low pressure and top teams are now playing counter-pressure to force mistakes and exploit the spaces left from the pressing to attack . 
  when there 's no pressure there 's nothing to counter and no space created and very low quality chances . 
  this time burnley looked like they were hunting the ball more and made more mistakes . 
  if you ran out of things to call someone just add fascist . 
  dumb people wo n't question you and smart people will know that you are n't worth even talking to . 
  i read once that coach nick justified his criticism of westbrook by saying that if he slowed down a bit when driving he would be a better finisher around the rim and to me that 's true , harden could drive and brute force his way into the the rim but he chooses to do it `` slowly '' to bait defenders into reaching , getting calls and finishing the and 1 . 
  he looks like after being beat he just thinks about the next possession instead of catching his man . 
  what about him ? 
  que hora es ? 
  why he did n't do those mistakes in the last season finals, 
  i think this guys has some serious high standards . 
  ac1 falls short compared to the others in the series but he has to remember it 's a 9 year old game , so many things have changed and the game has improved a lot . 
  i was going to upvote but 911 is fine, 
  that fake accent killed it for me, 
  i 'm hoping either francis or redmond get hit, 
  i would like to see this but i think someone will blow your cover very early because they hate fun . 
  i heard the servers are actually in virginia but yeah mexico ( at least northeast ) is closer to virginia than california . 
  i get 80 ping on wifi and 60 at midnight . 
  in the film it happened a long time after the experiment started , in this one there will be an asshole at the start . 
  it 's just an internet social experiment anyways so why do i worry so much . 
  .5 less rpg is chris paul declining ??!?!, 
  the thing is ... the game was rigged from the start . 
  i agree with you , i find it stupid to see a guy posting `` guess the premier league is n't so hard '' and shows a team of west ham with ronaldo , bale , ibra , gotze , thiago silva , jordi alba , neuer and going 38-0-0 . 
  like is that even fun ? 
  how long does it keep your interest ? 
  i wo n't lie and say that i have n't used this glitches but it 's more fun if you limit yourself in that aspect , i 'm not even afraid of getting fired . 
  building a team of ya it 's different i see more of an achievement in that . 
  abusing glitches ( loan glitch , reloading the may update until it comes how i want it , etc. ), 
  is the only bad thing when it comes to developing ya . 
  minimetro is great , before you know it , your lines are large and complex to the point you do n't remember how you made it . 
  is there any interest in this ? 
  i can keep doing updates weekly or monthly if you guys like . 
  let me know if this image is worth of / r/shittydesign or if should adjust something . 
  basically when the nba champion , in this case the cavs , he `` loses '' the belt and now the other team is the unofficial champion . 
  first it was the hawks then the hornets and so on . 
  i saw this but this is from 2 seasons ago i think . 
  there was also one reddit thread about this 3 years ago with lil b saying blessing the post lol . 
  yes , i could n't read it and i thought it fit the heat , glad you like it . 
  just his natural kicking motion, 
  as far as i know , in the past it was chronnos vs kali all the time . 
  oh i was n't considering the first thing you said , it makes sense . 
  maybe drowning him before the baptism only reduced to almost zero the chances of comstock being created but dewitt could still become him for some other reason . 
  while i agree that cf for example should n't have low attacking and high defensive ; not every ya product ends up being 4 * skill moves good in real life . 
  a big chunk end up being flops like how bojan was going to be at the same level of messi because he dominated la masia and he is now constantly injured at stoke . 
  is everyone not getting the title ? 
  oh shit i got rekt, 
  i ca n't even tell them that i use reddit , it would destroy them . 
  same thing can be said about an american and an english guy tbh . 
  one time a guy linked me the official fa statement about the incident and even though the majority of times somebody calls another person negro ( pronounced neh like in netflix and gro like in gross ) is with a good intention , it could also be used with a bad intention , it depends of how you say it . 
  according to that document suarez did meant to use it to insult evra and not as replacement of dude , mate or friend like it 's sometimes used e.g. 
  `` actually steve blake gave it to him . 
  sniff '', 
  the quality of netflix 's scripted shows wo n't drop . 
  they just have a lot of money to spend and talented people around the world willing to work for them . 
  reality tv audience is too big to ignore and as always you can choose not to watch it . 
  just look at the upcoming plans of movies and series :, 
   include `` the crown , '' the show about the young queen elizabeth ii and the british royal family . 
  in january , the company will premiere `` lemony snicket 's a series of unfortunate events , '' a series based on the book franchise and starring neal patrick harris . 
  `` if this was a movie , it would be a big movie , '' sarandos said . 
  in addition , he called out shows netflix has greenlit to date including `` santa clarita diet , '' starring drew barrymore and timothy olyphant , new series from david fincher , `` mind hunter , '' about the early days of serial-killer profiling in fbi . 
  and they are n't stopping production of the great shows you love like stranger things . 
  deeney , ighalo or callum wilson . 
  i liked them last season .
