  i was switching streams , and got to see toily scream and destroy his shirt lol, 
  oh yes because everyone in the has the same skill than cogr . 
  squid ward lol, 
  i expected something more handsome, 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cz7twprxyry ) , it 's from lol . 
  i 'm not asking you to like the way he says it but it 's sort of the same message . 
  i mean you can add treasure chests for his reason amirite, 
  i guy said he wanted to surrender at 10 in the match lobby of arena just because he did n't liked not having a tank and having 2 hunters . 
  i play a lot of arena and honestly this did n't look like a problem but he bm 'd the other hunter hard and he was n't doing any good himself , at this point they 're laughable rather than rage inducing . 
  i do the same , if my adc starts to get aggressive i start to ignore him and i rarely get blamed by my other teammates . 
  i guy said she looked like justin beiber , i can not unsee, 
  sorry for making bad your day, 
  sometimes in / r/soccer there 's a post of the gif seconds after its scored , the karma race is real, 
  was this bendtner like beckham ? 
  it would help freya farm in lane, 
  if you play freya adc you will now that if do n't have a good support that helps you with the minions , you will get pushed back . 
  also the 1 takes the aoe and slow away of the 2 when activated . 
  i mean i 'm against freya getting odysseus ' bow because that would make her stronger . 
  i personally like hun batz ' vp, 
  i know , i used to play freya jungle and mid ; but i saw some guys doing adc with freya and i tried it it 's not that bad . 
  how do you work it out ? 
  [ funny this song was in the last game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lei4eo3dazm ), 
  nice , i wo n't try it out because i do n't play in parties where 's more likely you can run a weird build with success but sounds good . 
  just bombing your way to victory . 
  check how azpi fucks up when he calls someone to mark the guy in the side but fails to mark the guy that scores . 
  cahill was just doing everything wrong also . 
  i know one this is true, 
  i made fabregas my captain and costa my v-captain when will i learn, 
  i would like a cute bakasura voice to the feaster bunny skin and something for cyberpunk nezha because his voice is annoying . 
  the male aubrey plaza, 
  that 's what i thought of ea tracks they had songs i listen to before they were there but i got tired of listen to them after playing the game . 
  also i loved the forza 2 soundtrack they used many bands i liked . 
  i like more the anatoily 's analysis but the chat in shadowq is hilarious at times , i do n't think shadowq 's cast is cringy but he sometimes speaks too fast . 
  can anyone tell me what 's the problem with origin ; i use it to play the games i got in the humble bundle and runs without problems . 
  funny he has a latino name , i also got an italian lm named mirko cragno from the ya who is a beast . 
  i think they 're target because of previous practices but they 're changing ; lucky for ea , ubisoft is taking the place of worst gaming company and now reddit likes to hate on comcast more than anyone . 
  it 's not like depor is a top team in europe . 
  it was the other way around last game . 
  it lacks the neon lights , but it has a scene with strobe lights show which is also great, 
  i was told american hustle was shit , but i liked it . 
  in david o. russell next movie he should base the story from another book because it was just a circlejerk with good actors . 
  his entire filmography ? 
  `` i was here for sexy rapes '', 
  perfect match for ted, 
  and they say fifa 15 is not realistic, 
  emc ? 
  lol at ghandi oh nooooo, 
  lol , the reactions , it 's like if that happened to brandon he would 've quit smite and throw his pc outside the window, 
  i used it but i 've been in the game long enough to know that report button does n't do anything, 
  well maybe it 's true but i 've been matched in different days with guys that bm and i report , hopefully i do n't see this guy again . 
  jungle , solo it 's the fatty that runs last and joins they glory barely playing, 
  oh man it 's like people that just go for gems ruin the game because they do n't know how to play the game modes and do n't care to learn . 
  healers in assault are really important but they fell like they can loki their way to victory by trying to kill ( and failing ) everyone . 
  and guys that play hel agressive in arena without previous knowledge of the game just make you feel like you 're 4v5 with someone feeding . 
  yeah you like that you fucking retard, 
  i only buy chests with free gems , i have all seeing eyes , ugly ra , and high seas sobek . 
  if there 's another promo like this ill get the vp for sobek . 
  the odin worst dad ever or something was really funny, 
  [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1y6lhe/what_is_the_worst_thing_someone_has_said_to_you/cfhtedq ), 
  when he had that herc on his team lol so eager for combat, 
  it was moyes ' plan all along, 
  my guess is that maxis could n't get some things to work properly before the release date so they just removed them instead of putting them so buggy like battlefield , when bf4 was released it was so glitched , i stopped playing entirely . 
  imo ea never tried to make this things priced dlc and are really changing their greedy ways . 
  [ i always like to show this shot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l80ujbrlxmm ), 
  serqet should dance [ vogue from maddona ] ( http://youtu.be/gujqsaiodqi?t=1m39s ) as far as i know many people know this song and/or have seen the video . 
  but but fantasy points !, 
  clow9 has spoken, 
  do n't pick bastet if you want to carry , pick late game gods like kali , freya , vamana , adcs if you 're good and the solo and mid are n't doing terrible you can win . 
  obviously you have to accept that you will have a 55 % winrate because of matchmaking and balance reasons . 
  this is true , if you 're playing for the win you should look at the team comp and not force the god you want to play/grind ; if you 're playing for fun or to get better you should not be angry for losing . 
  if you 're playing for the win you should expect to carry . 
  or when the jungler goes to take your blue buff because `` he is mana hungry and needs it '', 
  what is apollo then, 
  [ recent ] ( https://account.hirezstudios.com/smitegame/match-details.aspx?match=101080097 ) game i had , i was vamana and osiris and aphro were thrashing apollo for doing bad at the start but i had a very good laning phase and i was confident i could help them when i got some items online once i started rotating to mid and duo i could n't be stopped then we got a chance to do fg and we won . 
  i `` love '' when the jungler starts in speed when i 'm in the order side because `` he jungles like that and he knows what he is doing '' then complains to why his solo laner got killed by the enemy thanatos and ra . 
  like how do you play jungle so much and still do n't know that you help the solo laner at the start . 
  submit to / r/wtf funny only likes tits and cats, 
  the unwritten rule of / r/funny is `` if it 's not funny it must have tits '' . 
  it 's because of the title , it sounds misogynistic, 
  i agree , in low level it 's a pubstomper and higher level you can build brusier mage and still do well if it has the right teamcomp, 
  with the rama , apollo and freya ( arguably the best adcs right now ) nerfs , do you think that anhur , artemis and amc will get more picked since they are strong but not op ? 
  if the changes work i can see anhur more picked since he has a jump , slow , stun and cc immunity . 
  monza has good elevation change tho, 
  they 're not op but the meta suits them well , that 's why they are strong . 
  forgive me i did n't type this well , i meant geb and athena , i do think merc , freya and janus are strong . 
  janus to give an example can get shit on in lane but he still can ult from solo lane to duo lane and disrupt the enemy team . 
  mercury still gets the item effects on his 1 . 
  and i do n't play against a lot of freya adc to comment . 
  freya ult is unfair because it 's like rama ult but she can actually move and the ball ( ? ), 
  that she fires is always big . 
  imo she needs her ult to be changed so she has an animation before flying like rama and reduce the mobility ulting , her other abilities are fine to me . 
  vamana only needs a new skin so people start playing him more and discover how strong he is . 
  i see freya adc as magical rama and she is better than him right now because of this, 
  * kills small harpies * and look at him that is huge for his team !! 1 !, 
  why use gyazo if you have imgur ? 
  in other words my op god is no longer op, 
  that is so selfish, 
  everytime i get an ares or wukong early invade and they shrekt me i feel so robbed . 
  a loki or thanatos that are only going for kills in conquest . 
  and an artist of escapes janus although that requires to know the mechanics of the god so it 's not that cheap .
