  real men now the difference, 
  and you made an account to tell me, 
  i fucked up and i acknowledge it , not editing to show the world my failure, 
  now tell me that in spanish please, 
  i wonder if in 2000 years there 's a church that prays to notch then the atheists call bullshit and say he does n't exist, 
  my english is rough too , but i did n't throw you shit because i made one mistake, 
  let 's all make a church too remove oma noob tubes, 
  [ i find these kind of people offensive ] ( http://youtu.be/lo7wtlijqpm ), 
  i bet he found that on wikipedia, 
  they wanted an alternative, 
  pretty late but i killed an entire team with a decoy package, 
  i love how this is looking it does n't look like just another road course in america , it looks like a proper international road course, 
  exactly if americans put enough hard work as they put in their ovals , it would be a totally different story, 
  this is not funny , is damn impressive, 
  i do think is a great track , but i think that is a bit tight and dangerous for today 's standards , just for example the corkscrew and the first two corners would be a mess, 
  he deserves a better car , i want to see that in f1 cars, 
  it looked like he was playing multiplayer on the f1 game, 
  cheat , lie , play dirty , that 's how things are done, 
  pure insanity, 
  [ is this one you 're talikng ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4hkwzgycf0 ), 
  maybe if there 's a way to link steam to origin you can redeem mirror 's edge on steam and repair there ; it 's a good game worth every dollar ( not in this case ), 
  i got a free game with my mexican account i do n't know how , but i 'm okay with that, 
  this cuopon is like 5 or 6 months old , just now came to the surface and the flood of redditors made it useless, 
  alex you should have added details, 
  more telemetry than hrt, 
  cool story, 
  what episodes are your favorite ? 
  let 's make a car with square wheels to see which driver is more skilled, 
  no that 's not how it works, 
  wrong sub ? 
  i thought in monza because of the aero kit and the barrier, 
  it 's a trap he wants us to donate more money to wikipedia, 
  well the average cod player is a casual , normally casuals do n't know what 's the next cod , there are some waiting for cod 4 because they thought that mw3 is cod 3 , so bo2 is not that anticipated . 
  also half life being the most anticipated is like screaming inside a sound proof room , most of the gaming sites i visit do n't say anything about the episode 3 or the third game . 
  that was on the frontpage yesterday , wait at least one more day , so the internet alzheimer attacks, 
  so far ( 2 hours ) i like it , i have n't tried all the game modes and multiplayer, 
  but the gameplay is fantastic i liked so much the top speed race on nfs pro street , and i thought that if forza did something like that it would be awesome , but with all the assists turned off , going 400km/h in a bugatti in the highway just feels insane . 
  the characters just feel like they 're on the uncanny valley . 
  soundtrack , i like edm but not all the edm there , it 's good that they added the radio station option instead of just a soundtrack with every song at random . 
  i 'll play more tonight, 
  some updates come in disc and need install to play . 
  op is lying, 
  because any headphones are better than that, 
  that achievment got him 100girls, 
  rules to get girls, 
  be attractive, 
  do n't be unattractive, 
  you can be fat , but you ca n't be obese ( with some exceptions ), 
  that would be awesome for a jail, 
  2fast 2furious , the plot is so stupid now but back then i just let it go because of all the flashy stuff . 
  good thing they did tokyo drift the best movie imo . 
  ~ ~ waiting for somebody to correct my grammar ~ ~, 
  old consoles fault , they ca n't render two separate worlds at the same time for two players with the new engines , so they rely on multiplayer online 1 player per console, 
  knowledge is power , france is bacon, 
  [ lard_baron ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/dxosj/what_word_or_phrase_did_you_totally_misunderstand/c13pbyc ), 
  largest snake on the desert, 
  lats instead of later, 
  i saw the thumbnail of a red bull driver and i thought webber had won :( too bad it was n't the case, 
  it 's very fast paced, 
  well spent money, 
  he got all pusy i 'm sure, 
  i want to think you have the dialga and palkia edition of your nds, 
  the kind of people who use y instead of why is the kind of people who would n't read this post, 
  the girls laugh at him to this time, 
  the bell sound from tf2, 
  it does not suck but is not as good as the others, 
  we did it reddit !!!!!!!!!! 1111111 !!!!!!!! 11 !! 111111 !!!!!!!, 
  it was bcuz of uzzzzz, 
  nico roseberg speaks 5 languages apparently , i saw an interview in spanish this year on singapour and he was very good and fluent , he also speaks fluent english as he does in his youtube channel , i have n't seen him speak other than those but it is very impressive . 
  [ this is what happens to me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-breglxy7bc ), 
  5 years off dude, 
  abandon thread text needed, 
  thank you for doing the hard work, 
  the run off looks a bit australian, 
  / r/pokemon there 's a place for everybody here, 
  some people are so closed in their free toughts, 
  sorry for the terrible job on paint , i guess you can make it look more professional, 
  the zones were you have to be to not mess the spawns . 
  we would n't kill the messenger if he did n't had such shitty news, 
  battlefield 2 : enemy enemy enemy spotted spotted spotted , e-e-e-nemy-y-y-y sp-p-p-otted-ed-ed . 
  cross the border to mexico [ there 's always a salvation there ] ( http://www.taquitos.net/im/sn/submarinos-straw.jpg ), 
  it took you 1 year to realize, 
  comment 100 times , it 's the secret, 
  i hate gum , i 'm going to move there, 
  1v1 headshot only , and use shock charges and c4 only that will teach him, 
  if someone gives you drugs , take them they are expensive, 
  i wonder if di resta had crashed earlier , and schumacher did n't let pass vettel , it would have been a different story . 
  american flammin hot doritos are like normal doritos here in mexico , stop complaining, 
  so many good games, 
  any chance of changing the name of the mexican league to something less clich\u00e9, 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play make jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play make jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play make jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play make jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy .
