  birdman 2 sure took a weird turn, 
  nothing tops his 2012 ~ summer mashup, 
  http://genius.com/frank-ocean-self-control-lyrics how reliable is this ? 
  castro was barely a first team player in tijuana , barely anyone knew about him when he started . 
  charlie kauffman broke every screenplay rule to help the plot and it was brilliant . 
  he got eliminated from a contest and that 's they way to express his rage . 
  for what i 've seen , she 's part of a group of writers of akiva goldsman who worked on batman forever , fringe and the next dark tower . 
  she has a script in the 2012 blacklist ( best scripts that were n't produced ) but my guess is that she works under the radar rewriting stuff without credit and recently is getting a chance to earn a name . 
  and that was the very first time rapper has ever use the same words in a rhyme j. cole is literally hitler, 
  knack 2 can make a good run next year, 
  is blind nailed ? 
  i have 5.4 m and he 's the most convincing defender out of the ones i 'm thinking of trading in . 
  blind 5.4 m, 
  fonte 5.4 m, 
  daniels 5m ( i already have a bou defender ), 
  who will be better ? 
  this gw with 29 because i did n't choose captain or made transfer or changes to my lineup . 
  i forgot which day the gw started and benched 9 points in 2 players with hazard captain and defoe vice-captain fml . 
  looking forward for next gw now that i have sanchez and it 's his birthday . 
  damn i have to start to look at subreddit names before i get invested, 
  how can he lead a franchise if he is not committed , he should start kicking dogs in the summer . 
  [ it 's more regressing to the mean ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dkcfrcn.png ) than actual freefall . 
  i still have 7 players for tomorrow but 6 straight red arrows feels bad . 
  it sucks that i made the post in dec 3rd https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/5g1uei/unofficial_nba_champion_of_the_start_of_december/, 
  and it got deleted by a mod that did n't even explained why . 
  maybe the image was to cheesy but it got good initial response . 
  but nope it was gone in less than 20 minutes . 
  it 's because the show is mediocre in the first 3 episodes and those are the ones that get reviewed when a full season is released . 
  the episodes after that are great . 
  honestly watching them back i see things that i did n't notice the first time and some foreshadowing but i understand it does n't leave a good first impression . 
  you can only vote for the entire series instead of episode by episode and most people gave 3 stars to the pilot . 
  reviewers gave the first season 7.5 / 10 which is not bad . 
  one play is worth more than winning the champions league , euros and top scorer of ucl ? 
  you can do it as i no longer do it , but it sucks the mods do n't say anything . 
  the only thing that felt disappointing about this subreddit is that popheads is not about sodas . 
  but i still like the music . 
  the pistons have 3 championships doing that tho, 
  as if reddit would n't upvote this . 
  make an askreddit post about which fictional character would you like to bang and any of these three would be in the top list, 
  in reddit everything is the greatest thing ever or a steaming pile of shit/dumpster fire . 
  does he have to play ? 
  de roon and fletcher are really cheap . 
  ikr it 's better in every level ; but i think that telltale games are easier and cheaper to make so maybe that 's why they do n't change the formula . 
  i would n't say you have a low end computer , my laptop has 4gb less ram , and a shitty processor ( so shit it only says intel inside ) and i can run batman arkham asylum and city in low and 720p @ 25fps at least ( in close quarters like in asylum it went to something like 40 ) and it looked better than on xbox 360 . 
  what i 'm saying is : try to benchmark your laptop with better games . 
  obviously do n't try to run the witcher 3 but even skyrim and new vegas looked better than xbox in my garbage laptop . 
  that 's so weird , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  btw my cpu is an intel celeron 1007u dual core @ 1.50 ghz and windows 10 is 64bit . 
  sacowea : ni idea, 
  that would make both teams worse, 
  no trade clause, 
  maybe it could work as a tales from borderlands kind of game . 
  es satira ? 
  y el racismo al reves no existe . 
  el racismo es racismo sea de blanco a negro o de negro a blanco . 
  wow what travel by irving, 
  durant training his choking abilities for the playoffs, 
  according to some northwestern redditors , the teenage dialogue was spot on . 
  i do think sometimes it was cringy but , are n't we all when we are teenager a bit cringy ? 
  what happened to the next day threads ? 
  cavs without lebron would have 30mil to spend in durant/derozan/dwade or another superstar this past offseason and to sign some better bench players . 
  just imagine durant in the same cavs with money to spare in an upgrade of a bench player . 
  just like almost every other award, 
  i think it 's realistic , honestly in real life , how often does a player that good agrees to play in shit wages ? 
  the game knows the same thing you know , an u21 77 rated rb is already a good player . 
  i read somewhere that in the 90s the statisticians would award an assist for everything since it 's a pretty subjective like if carmelo gets the ball does 2 pump fakes and then he takes the shot , did the pass he received really made that basket possible ? 
  and i 'm not saying that stockton was n't great at getting assists ( and never getting injured ) but maybe he got helped by assist happy statiscians in the 90s . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb123855027541776617 here 's something i found, 
  http://deadspin.com/5345287/the-confessions-of-an-nba-scorekeeper and a crazy story of how van exel got 23 assists . 
  because 2 cherry picked videos are evidence that assists are not subjective and utah 's statisticians did n't want to give a small boost to their star player . 
  read the articles , i 'm not doubting stockton . 
  this is something that can happen to everyone , jason kidd had 1 assist per game more playing at home than away , nash assisted more away than home for some reason ; yes home advantage is a thing but as i said he could have gotten a little help from the statisticians , and after 1500 games , they add up . 
   furthermore , if you 're now claiming jason kidd 's ( # 2 all-time assists ) stats were also padded , then in sounds like everything is proportional and stockton would still have an absurd lead . 
  you make a good argument there , we ca n't know to what extent were players helped in every arena ( or the opposite , maybe the away statisticians want to harm the player stats too ) , so we do n't know how much they were helped because i do n't have 90s data and i 'm relying on something i read on a book i do n't remember the name and some articles that try to back it up . 
  i know stockton was a combination of once in a generation talent , a team built around him and malone , longevity and durability . 
  this has ridiculously good quality, 
  mi punto es que legalizarla no arregla nada del problema de la gasolina ( algo indispensable ) . 
  reddit upvotes what they want to believe it 's true . 
  that 's because americans love seeing mexico fail and they upvote it . 
  check when good news are posted and how many upvotes it gets . 
  not exactly . 
  do you even live in mexico ? 
  the ones looting in my city come from poor neighborhoods , and those are the ones getting fucked . 
  the middle class which is 40 % of the population , only need to pay more for their stuff , which is not good but hardly how you make it out to be . 
  would n't you hope to be part of the usa elite if you were to be born again . 
  america has 30 % of lower income too and the middle class in mexico is growing since the last 2 decades while yours is shrinking . 
  it 's true the corrupt government is pocketing the money , it 's true that there 's a wage gap ( you do n't have a source on wage gap increasing but it sounds possible so i believe you ) but let me tell you being middle class here leaves you with the same basic life opportunities than the us and it wo n't make them riot and loot like the ones in poverty when the gas prices increase . 
  and everyone wants to go to the usa to achieve the american dream but only the ones living in poverty are willing to cross illegally . 
  plus not everyone that crosses illegally is mexican . 
  i hate the fucking eagles man, 
  i take it in a more literal sense of a guy telling his girlfriend that the relationship is very one sided and it looks like the guy is the only one actually in love . 
  yes she can say she loves him every time she feels like she is losing him but she only does that and not other things like listen to him , caring for him , making breakfast or some thing like that . 
  if you 're poor in mexico you get your education paid . 
  i know because i 'm getting mine paid and as you can see i know a second language which means i 'm not poorly educated . 
  the poor people in the world are all the same , it 's not like we can say my poor people are better than yours . 
  as middle class you will never miss a meal , you can afford healthcare , go to college ( not a shitty community college ) , own a house ( or afford rent ) , own a car ( at least a used car , because they are expensive , it 's actually cheaper to go to usa , buy a car and come back than actually buy one in mexico ) , eat at mcdonalds , buy good clothes and shoes ( nike , adidas , bershka , pull and bear ) , get drunk every weekend , go to concerts and sports events . 
  what else makes you middle class ? 
  we 're not venezuela or a fucking banana republic . 
  watch the playoffs they tend to get pretty intense and dramatic . 
  imo only the top teams play good football .
