  in mexico you can get a gun to protect your land , you just ca n't carry/use it outside of it . 
  i do n't think you can teach what tecatito is , this guy was magic since like 2011 [ this was him against azpi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kdxuchhgxw ) he does n't look godlike here but this is probably one of the best defensive right backs in the pl . 
  how do you think your team is going to be next season ? 
  genuine question, 
  in china they are more boobs kind of guys . 
  chang ' e does n't have a shirt ( ? ), 
  under her robes for example . 
  texas servers would be fantastic, 
  maybe the bulls are the trailblazers of this next season . 
  i remeber veryone here saying that the felt bad for them . 
  you guys are oversimplifying plots to the point of not even adding to the conversation . 
  right , after this dos a cero will never hurt me, 
  i 'm just watching highlights because i ca n't watch full games , and i do n't watch college ball , but the way i see simmons ' shot it does n't look bad . 
  why do people say he ca n't shoot ? 
  i want to say that too but china does n't have a good soccer nt and height is not the issue . 
  an example is chile being a below average team in terms of height but they have won copa america twice in a row . 
  it comes down to usa being a powerful country that can afford the equipment and training to produce athletic freaks on the regular . 
  look for a girl with crazy eyes and insane ideas and go rob banks bonnie and clyde style , the thrill and the constant thought of the police catching you will be enough to kinda get the same feeling ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  from a game perspective saying that your choices matter and in the end they do n't it 's kind of a kick in the balls . 
  so either way you pick it 's underwhelming because we do n't know who survived after the tornado we just leave the town . 
  and in the other ending literally nothing matters but the final choice . 
  from a narrative perspective while i can see why max could say `` fuck it we do n't really know if it 's really your fault so i 'm not doing this again '' , the game proves us in the other ending that max saving chloe was indeed the cause of the tornado that destroys the bay . 
  so going back , fixing the timeline , jefferson going to jail and keeping the memories is the best ending . 
  and that 's what i mean , in the end it was n't about the destination but the journey . 
  i know that , this is why a say soccer . 
  china has 1.357 billion ( and usa has 1 billion less ) so there must be some great bball players there , except they do n't have the height so let 's look at another famous sport that does n't require being really tall . 
  the best badminton player has a net worth of $ 32 million , mozgov will make that in 2 years . 
  height comes with nutrition and healthcare and while it is expensive , it 's better than the average chinese guy . 
  i agree that they do n't put the same resources in soccer than in badminton but if they had better bodies to work with they would do it . 
  me too but i ca n't think of a way that can happen, 
  which is what i said [ too ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4rvyzk/how_has_the_average_nba_player_changed_over_the/d54wkdb ), 
  and gsw will be the new manu under moyes/van gaal, 
  kind of a dilemma , okafor has great post moves but that is not the way simmons runs things . 
  no no i meant , should 76ers wait for him to adapt his game or trade him hoping embid turns out alright, 
  you are talking about an era with different defense and less 3 pointers, 
  what i 'm saying is that , the way the past 5 nba finalists play is not post up player being the primary scorer or you tell me that sacramento last year was a success ? 
  do n't look at the past , i know about magic and kareem , the game plays different from that era . 
  you know now that you mention it , that kind of went over my head , when i first read it i thought it was a weird way of putting it but now that you mention it , it makes sense . 
  you ca n't sacrifice max , whose going to catch jefferson ? 
  david was n't super close to get him and the only way we got to his mad lab was because we stole files from the principal 's office and went through nathan 's stuff . 
  max saving chloe in the bathroom caused a butterfly effect and created the tornado , she even talks about chaos theory in chapter 2 . 
  the proof is that there 's no tornado in the timeline where chloe dies . 
  also disabled chloe already asked you to kill her for the greater good in another timeline , sometimes you do things you do n't want but it is your responsibility to make them . 
  what i really ca n't stand is that even the admins claim the hate groups deserve free speech , if you check every controversy about reddit it comes down to admin allowing this groups in the site . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/controversial_reddit_communities from jailbait to fph . 
  ca n't believe you guys are so sad , basically the people who upvoted it did it because it was a contagious laughter and the chewie mask looked silly , of course the things that happened after the video were a bit annoying but you seriously ca n't shit on her because she is doing something that based on this comment i assume you do n't do often . 
  add the final race in interlagos 2012 where vettel almost crashes out at the start ending up in 22nd then racing back to 6th place to win the championship by just 3 points . 
  i still remember fernando 's eyes at the end of the race . 
  the movie could 've been 6 hours knowing how crazy is jodoroswky, 
  siggy, 
  when he is not injured , which is a same he is so often, 
  [ for this ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/01/20/24de1e5a00000578-2918060-image-m-2_1421751522149.jpg ), 
  your teammates probably do n't know because freya does n't have a lot of play as adc as she had before . 
  i used to start vamp and tier 1 of the fatalis tree with some pots , then build fatalis , magi boots , demonic grip , shard , poly and sell vamp for rod of tahuti . 
  this was a long time ago so i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  i heard normally sites only review the first 3 episodes , so maybe like the previous seasons it will be open and down but if it really goes more dark and `` real '' it 's going to feel really forced . 
  yeah , he never disappoints i even followed him in the euros he is just a one man army . 
  if the team does n't score he 'll get the job done plus he is on set pieces and penalties . 
  i do n't think fallen chronnos is bad but we can use [ alternative vote ] ( https://youtu.be/3y3je3b8hse ) to do this , because maybe 2 good skins will be matched up early if they are selected at random . 
  it requires voting once and it 's almost the system you said . 
  good luck not getting it stolen in the process, 
  they got switched in the hospital, 
  is that getting a broadcast ? 
  jabari is just a method actor, 
  as far as my understanding of reddit headlines goes , they voted to do it but they still can stall and never do it so the economy never tanks and scotland and northern ireland never leave . 
  i mean this is / r/television it should be only tv related only but ok . 
  any video i can watch to know how this disaster is going to happen ? 
  [ well ] ( https://youtu.be/enwcbple8c4?t=51s ), 
  edit : downvotes for following a joke , really ? 
  he is wavy so independant, 
  maybe i 'm dumb , how ? 
  i also got japan from poc but the second thing you said went over my head the first time i saw it . 
  it 's been a long time since i saw that movie though, 
  i was going to say that it 's probably frustration because dani alves stepped on his foot and the ref did n't call it but the next angle it totally looks like he was angry at the linesman and threw his shoe . 
  spanish refs are weird when it comes to top teams . 
  my opinion is that he did what everyone in the planet would have done in that scenario , ask to correct the tip . 
  he is going to keep the money if a silly mistake makes him lose millions it 's going to feel really really cheap . 
  i know todd does n't care so much about money but he is not retarded, 
  similar i have i kante even, 
  the name is colgados en filadelfia , it 's spain spanish not latinamerican spanish ( they difference is the accent and a few words ) but it 's honestly hard to watch them legally . 
  [ here 's a clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el3m4gqsryi ), 
  unfortunately there are not websites i know that you should totally avoid that happen to have full episodes . 
  the hardwood classics youtube channel got shutdown , any similar channel to watch old games ? 
  i found that professional is still hard enough to be a challenge but easy enough to play honest football and not just abuse game mechanics . 
  i was also going to write that bayern , juve and man city always stack the best players but this last transfer window shows that it 's realistic . 
  it works because higuain is one of the most frustrating strikers i 've used . 
  someone tell him he is a foot taller than a pro soccer player that can pull that off, 
  i know he is a beast but i believe that he also gets the `` emotion simulator '' treatment and can only score for me when i 'm playing against chievo verona or bari . 
  maybe i 'm just using him wrong, 
  [ lebron is an inch taller than crouch ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/fp328r/miami-heat-forward-lebron-james-l-and-dallas-mavericks-forward-dirk-fp328r.jpg ), 
  wow this also happens to me very often , i forgot to add it . 
  players run faster without the ball , and dribbling stat may have something to do with how fast you can run with the ball , plus defenders pull your shirt and bam the catch up , but even with that there 's no way mertesacker can outrun insigne or mertens . 
  tbh i kinda saw that coming it was n't a huge spoiler if you mean what it think, 
  i have a question , was gatsby native american ? 
  he was from north dakota , i took buchannan 's racists comments as passive aggressive insults . 
  what i think is that maybe gatsby pulled off something similar to jacqueline from unbreakable kimmy schimdt . 
  i found a reddit post saying gatsby is black and it made some good arguments , so if make a post about him being native am would sound like a repetitive and i quit the idea . 
  as a non-american , not everything is about your country . 
  crappy soccer team that was 5th in the world rankings before losing that match . 
   fifa should prohibit mexico from being allowed to host any international competition,
