  nba player of the miami heat, 
  judge reinhold, 
  the james harden advice, 
  feel free to point out grammar mistakes since this is not my first language . 
  i do n't think it 's as toxic as others posted here but damn when you do n't agree with the circlejerk you are downvoted to hell . 
  to me this movie is about transition , we get a new concept introduced in a familiar environment . 
  we go from characters we know to new ones . 
  we got eased into the new trio because they were hanging out with the old one that we already know we like . 
  after that , the sequel will get a new story and more development of the new characters . 
  same thing i thought , i paid $ 3.50 to watch it at midnight on the 17th . 
  star wars is a trilogy not just one movie , this is one way to do a trilogy and it 's better this way than risk everyone to hate it like in the phantom menace, 
  well that is more on james harden than the refs since he abuses the rules but i think they can do something like when durant did something like that when shooting 3s . 
  [ he did this to get fouls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivekrjkhd7g ) . 
  basically the defender reached for the steal and he would intentionally hit his arms and shoot anywhere to get free throws . 
  `` smart '' move that abused the rules and they changed them . 
  that is a totally different case , not even close , gotg it 's only related to the mcu and is not a continuation to one of the highest grossing franchises . 
  no one 's childhood would be destroyed if gotg were a bad movie , that 's why they can take all the risks they want . 
  well whatever this movie was very well done , 90 % of the people likes it , if you think the plot represents all the movie you 're so wrong . 
  plus gotg 's plot was n't anything groundbreaking in terms of story . 
  i ca n't change your view if you want to compare apples to oranges . 
  apparently ( ca n't remember where a read it ) pep it 's a fan , and talks a lot about basketball and ball movement so i think he got that from somewhere . 
  i 'm going to be downvoted but , no one would have said anything if she did n't look like [ this ] ( http://d3rm69wky8vagu.cloudfront.net/article-photos/large/1.173746.jpg ) . 
  well then good casting i guess , also i heard she got an acting award so she is most likely talented . 
  shittyprotip : scratch them a little, 
  how tall are you ? 
  harden , klay , melo and alrdidge . 
  depending on how long you hold the button it 's the release but i prefer using quick release . 
  messi was to pep what td is to pop . 
  both all-time greats with similar personalities . 
  yes i 'm new to this lol . 
  please help . 
  basically i thought tottenham would n't have a good game ( those 3 only got 4 points ) and i could n't afford better value defenders since i spent that money on aguero and barkley . 
  i just never got into fantasy leagues so i do n't know and `` follow my heart '' . 
  my team value is 101m and i only have 0.9 m in the bank . 
  they 're the mexicans of asia . 
  you love her , you just do n't know you do . 
  to add to the meaning of the title , in the conversation with his brother ( ? ), 
  he says that the crimes are not getting smarter or more vicious , he is just old and tired . 
  i missed the alley-oop in the next play , anybody has it ? 
  i bought the 3d bluray, 
  it 's going to get nominated , john lasseter pulls a lot of strings in the academy . 
  he was even vice-president until 2014 . 
  to me the role of iniesta is to open space and buy time with dribbles while everybody on their team gets in place . 
  he has so much gravity he draws defenders out of their mark and then offloads the ball to the playmaker which makes the assist . 
  true , sometimes you think people in sitcoms overact they way they speak but listening to an american in front of you it 's like watching a show without subtitles . 
  and she called upon him , naming him khaled mohamed . 
  after that she said `` another one '' and so it was proclaimed that khaled mohamed khaled would be our savior . 
  he is the kind of music producer that uses his ability of networking to make things happen . 
  it 's not about how good he is making music but who he knows that can make it . 
  very important role in the music industry . 
  imo epsilon lost the first game when they tried to bait a teamfight at the fg for so long instead of farming like c9 was doing . 
  even homefront/parker/redemption becomes good ? 
  i think he is good but he ca n't save every movie, 
  they already sound old, 
  in reality there is not an official name for the continent simply because of this debate , the entire continent is named america everywhere but english-speaking countries , china , india , philippines and western europe . 
  everyone else uses the traditional 6 continents system . 
  also america was originally the name for what we know now as south america . 
  one of the things i remember the most is [ this goal ] ( https://youtu.be/jiq6qa79_6e?t=1m50s ) in the final that got rayados the third star . 
  against none other than cruz azul . 
  you ca n't even begin to imagine how big this show is in mexico , they have reruns , since before it ended in 2006 . 
  it 's even top 5 most streamed show in clarovideo ( like netflix but with different shows ) . 
  better be a manchester city fan , they have a mls club in new york and oil money too, 
  sorry to tell you that lug is owned by tencent who publishes smite in china and they wo n't risk losing ties to tencent by dropping lug . 
  i would also like a change but most likely wo n't happen . 
  i remember when they announced the la servers and there was a post about warning players to not migrate their accounts since lug was awful at their job . 
  plus he is a method actor i think they can get a bit carried away, 
  lol my dad did the same , the cop took 5 pesos from him . 
  no shame , he was n't even doing something bad . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  nemesis is good against tanks, 
  that 's not a real year, 
  your mistake is comparing accents of essentially the same city to accents of different countries and languages . 
  and before you say latin americans do n't see the difference between english accents and american accents you would also be wrong . 
  and that 's why you do n't eurostep in a fast break, 
  i think tim burton lost the touch a long time ago since every time i watch a movie of his it seems like a good idea badly told like alice , big eyes , frankenweenie . 
  dat paul thomas anderson directing, 
  of course wade has like 4 calls in his favor , what the hell does he do to the refs that give them so many calls on his side . 
  and you can refill them for $ 10 pesos at some places . 
  taking color commentary too literal, 
  just a young boy in the eyes of brendan rodgers, 
  well it 's pretty risky to draft a 5 ' 9 '' player, 
  at the top of most controversial , not even surprised, 
  deep, 
  mexico 2034 world cup winners here we go !, 
  true , i love marquez he is a leader and mexico wo n't have a player like him in many years , but damn can he be a gigantic asshole . 
  after 3 days kanye drops another album out of nowhere, 
  but the dancers costume actually looks like the black panthers outfit , they even got a pic posing like them . 
  but tbh they 're all overreacting, 
  football is the beautiful game, 
  so , how is the ping ? 
  if i pay $ 1 today , can i up the quantity to $ 5 after the bundle and still recieve the code that day ? 
  or it does n't work that way . 
  i have bought many bundles but i never knew if this was possible . 
  plus i 'm short on money and my graphics card is broken so fml right know . 
  most likely he stole all the girls in the party with his acoustic guitar, 
  they brought bojan back to life so i would think it 's insane to think that balo could be a better player there, 
  how do you travel so much ? 
  i thought pelaez had the control of the team, 
  i 'm just happy we have this golden era while we have the new stadium . 
  this team is going to make history at the club .
