  this is a team game , not even lassiz is entitled to get jungle every game , you do what is best to your team . 
  it 's basically the same point you make you 're not going to give your team a better chance to win unless you 're barraccudda or around his level ; if you want to pick whatever you want without caring for your team do n't play ranked . 
  she is 1 of my favorite gods in the game but it is really unfair when you get to the part of her ult . 
  in ra i 've seen a lot of games in the pro scene where they fight a bit , they retreat heal up and win the fight because of that heal to his whole team , it was so dull that is mainly the complaint, 
  it 's like that one episode of bob 's burgers when they make a play in the restaurant and the mom says hint it 's not me but then it is her and everybody felt robbed . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with correcting things in photo mode that you do n't usually see when driving, 
  you 're a random guy playing amc to the other 4 guys in the team though , you 're not as great as you think , you wo n't carry every game you play , not even the greatest player of smite can do it . 
  i do n't think you get it loki is better first pick/ban because he is viable in 4 roles of the meta unlike amc . 
  if you assume you 're better than your team in the pick/ban phase and that you will carry the game not even caring about what is best for the team do n't get pissed because you lost . 
  i used to do athena jungle and level my 3 as priority , i bought shoes of focus , poly , breastplate of valor , void stone , rod of tahuti and a counterbuild item . 
  if you 're going to gank charge your 1 inside the jungle so the enemy ca n't hear and remember you 're not as tanky as you normally are when going support . 
  yeah i stopped going athena jungle with removal of the phys defense , magic power and poly nerf ; but now with the new item maybe works again . 
  the helmet that gives physical defense and magic power and has the penetration passive not the other one because is expensive . 
  i try to stay away from arena and do the quests to get gold and buy packs until i know how to build a good deck by myself but how many wins i need to get value from playing arena instead of just buying packs . 
  i looked up that guide when i started and it seem really helpful , i also got my decks from shengster . 
  i guess i 'll try to understand the decks i got before i try to replace them for better cards , wins will come eventually . 
  it 's like a smurf every month then, 
  good to know , it 's very high risk high reward so i 'll go when i have gold to spare, 
  this is the guy that destroyed azpi in the club world cup in 2012 , i hope he starts playing like he did in monterrey very good player, 
  i saw the first half yesterday and he played some fantastic first touch passes , always making the right call . 
  if they had put some mycocaine specch it would have been perfect, 
  let the circlejerk begin, 
  edit : blockbuster was strong back then , if they did n't saw a business there , that 's too bad but not buying netflix is not why they went out of business like everyone here says every time bb comes into discussion that is the circlejerk i always see . 
  ridiculous prices and better options made everyone look away from bb , what if blockbuster actually bought netflix back then and changed the fees making everyone drop netflix and after that blockbuster . 
  i agree , arachne being very bad did n't stopped good arachne mains from playing her and after seeing mercury in every game conquest became unplayable , at least it was easier to focus him in arena but the possibility of having mercury in every role was super annoying . 
  this movie is so stacked with talent , it may pull an american hustle where it 's just good characters in a dull story , i hope i 'm wrong, 
  in american hustle or into the woods ? 
  i 've never heard of into the woods before but i just do n't like when the mash things together or try to make fairytales more mature like snow white and the huntsman, 
  ok , i just do n't want another snow white and the huntsman . 
  btw thanks for following the reddiquette of downvoting something that you do n't agree on , or was it the other way ? 
  but the movie is not out , how do you know it 'll not end up like it , you know what i 'll just leave it like it is and stop answering this, 
  [ this is a good explanation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/smite/comments/2k6pqt/rage_or_deathbringer_first/clinyz3 ), 
  i know this is a joke but saying pick me is not getting you more chances to win, 
  yeah he even lost the first game he played in cl, 
  they call her the anal girl, 
  for some spanish speakers fu xi sounds like when we think something is gross or dirty at least in some parts of mexico , it would be funny to have 1 god named like that . 
  i believe ramos can play keeper only using his head, 
  at this point it 's just images with impact font letters in them, 
  i would like hunahpu to be a gaurdian that has good clear early so we can have a viable twin lane with xbalanque . 
  he does n't even need to look tanky ( think athena ) it would be cool . 
  this is the future we 're talking about side mirrors may be backwards in the future, 
  example : pep using bernat , alaba and lahm, 
  imo zapman should play anhur considering that eu has success with the god and some people called them an eu hunter in disguise, 
  i played lol and smite and both are very toxic but smite has less `` mid or feed '' players, 
  having the chance of spamming your abilities it does n't mean it 's better or has more value , you just have to learn when to use them . 
  spamming the heal in hercules is not the best way to play him . 
  kuku it 's still great mid laner at the start , he is n't that bad to get him out of the lane . 
  i think ullr works in pubs but not in competitive because it requires to go really aggressive and that 's not the playstyle of competitive , and it benefits passive and late game gods . 
  probably the reason thanatos was a bad pick in spl . 
  assuming you bm bad players , just concentrate in your game , forget about your team ( not completely so you do n't miss calls of missing or help ) but if you start to focus in your mistakes and not the others you will improve your game and this will give you more chances of carrying the team . 
  you will not have better teammates just because you type how they 're a bunch of scrubs they are , when you get better , you 're matched with more competent players that make you rage less . 
  obviously everyone has bad games even yourself so just control yourself and play around it , if you 're solo and the jungler does n't help you get blue , buy hog or a bunch of mana pots . 
  anhur is a carry , he is better in the early game than some other hunters but anhur is not bad late game is just that he is not op like apollo , rama or freya . 
  have you ever seen a diamond loki building attk speed and lifesteal ? 
  i did , it was 1 of the reasons i do n't fear anyone having x mastery . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  just spam longshots, 
  i was n't comparing thanatos to anhur , i was saying that anhur was a better competitive pick than ullr . 
  thanatos is not a good competitive pick because teams are n't gg f6@10 if they have a bad early game , this teams will try to outfarm you and try better teamfights while thanatos is just looking for people to kill . 
  does chang ' e or nu wa really needs meditation ? 
  i want to know how the actually cast their abilities since the reason for them is `` i need mana to spam my abilities '' yet they lose their lane, 
  shadowq got a -496 elo thanatos on his team while streaming , that was his elo after he carried to win . 
  he stopped and started playing hots, 
  he needs to rebind the key quite often . 
  ymir jungle is here , you probably mean crit-ymir, 
  sometimes i fully charge the battery and when i disconnect from the phone it drops to 80 % this issue started 2 weeks ago . 
  i would like to know how to fix it . 
  the app that drains the most is google chrome , previously it was the screen even if i used it in the lowest brightness and it was fine back then . 
  i noticed the same thing and i did the same thing but it did n't fixed itself right now the battery is good from 80 % to 30 % and below 30 % it 's coin toss between sudden shut down or give me a warning of low battery ( normally occurs in 14 % ), 
  i want to put a tin foil hat and blame google that wants me to change my phone for a new one but i ca n't afford one and i want it to go back to normal :(, 
  is anyone tired that this song comes up every time they do this kind of threads ? 
  the fps is beueatiful too, 
  i 'll try a different browser to see if it helps but the battery still drains hard even if i 'm not using chrome, 
  yes , but i think the reason mods allow the same questions is to get different answers since new people come to reddit . 
  this kind of answers that just introduce new guys to the hivemind and next time they see a thread like the may post this answer to get karma . 
  i know right , this is weird but i think it can work if they want to shutdown powerful solo laners . 
  nobody is streaming because nobody wants to play ranked ( which is the mode most streamers play ) , the new matchmaking is really awful . 
  i saw weak3n do a custom game with some pros because they want to play better games and smite is matching them with bronze v and qualifiers . 
  so my guess is they will stream until smite comes out of beta . 
  most of the people here do n't want toulouse . 
  ^ sorry ^ this ^ was ^ probably ^ a ^ terrible ^ joke, 
  i think you can still type / disconnect and it will get you out but you ca n't queue, 
  [ before and after new matchmaking and queues ] ( http://imgur.com/a/yvo ), 
  i 'm obviously not happy with this new system we 're not in beta please stop testing  :( ^ :'(, 
  also can you please finish your matches , do n't queue if your pregnant wife is going into labor or there 's a tornado near your house , i 've been matched with a significant number of leavers and i 'm not someone that leaves matches . 
  yes , 4-3-3 is the best against 5man defense or 3-5-2 because their wingers get tired and the 3 at the back do n't know who to cover . 
  reminds me of a family from north of the wall, 
  they should change all flairs to mansour 's financial group on april, 
  the matchmaking was fine , i 'm a paying costumer , and do n't tell me to shut up i have right to rant in this thread, 
  [ i hope this video can help ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djv11xbc914 ), 
  yes , i ca n't remember the last time i thought that we won by using teamwork, 
  it looks like it . 
  they may be easier versions of known games but they are n't bad games honestly , and at least hearthstone does n't feel overpriced unlike other f2p/freemium games you see everywhere . 
  another thing , dota started in one of their games , when they saw that lol was catching up they had to do something to compete not just wait there until people magically came back to wow . 
  why should i be forced to play with friends to enjoy the game ? 
  not everybody likes this game or have the time i have to play it when i can , matchmaking should be focused in putting 5 strangers that cooperate to win the game . 
  isis support does n't work in the burst meta we have right now but she is fun, 
  2 hour game ? 
  damn, 
  i had a similar experience , once i was vamana solo and had an easy lane , but my duolaners where feeding and started raging after i got my core items i typed that i needed everyone to stop fighting and help me kill some people and takedown towers .
