  atletico winning 1 it 's an outlier . 
  yes , there are strong teams that 's why it 's the best league , but results are results and only 2 get them . 
  that does n't take away the fact that it has been a 2 horse race for the past 10 years . 
  since 1996 until 2016 , bundesliga had 6 different teams ; la liga , serie a and premier had 5 different teams . 
  but from 2006 to 2016 , barcelona won 7 and real 3 . 
  no , literally nobody cares . 
  source : ask any mexican that is not a complete moron who knows nothing about history . 
  where can i find the official tracklist ? 
  the kings one only had the font changed, 
  mexico , there 's dozens of us, 
  i 'm not surprised barely anybody plays ( there 's like 3000 ) because it 's hard to watch a game unless it 's manu or arsenal . 
  it was rare back then too , not everyone was wes anderson in the 80s . 
  maybe you 're just not watching the right movies . 
  in the wiki it says she was born 1980 . 
  if you see it as a runway of concepts produced or made by the people ye thinks are pushing the music to new things then it makes sense . 
  this site is so hard to read , also i think that the answer to the question is : no . 
  to me the method is flawed since it 's not the correct way to count votes . 
  in the end the fan favorite won in every range and it did n't tell me anything except that yeezus is not well received by the audience regardless of age . 
  they should ask people to rank their favorite 4 ( not everyone likes every album enough to care where to rank them and i think 4 is a fair number ) . 
  plus what is the proportion of each age range ? 
  maybe there were n't enough 30 + year old to make a fair judgement . 
  dat stat ; another one that 's crazy , totti was young footballer of the year in serie a the year ze was born . 
  and then blame the next president for not doing anything it proposed because he was busy saving companies . 
  fifa does n't have the complexity to make pep 's tactics work , i would like fifa to give me the chance to switch lineups in real time with the d-pad . 
  i can make a long post with my custom tactics , archetype of player needed and how to find them , formation and instructions and some extra tips . 
  i do n't watch every game but i have an idea of what he is doing . 
  denial vs egr and denial vs luminosity are always going to split right ? 
  you joke but positioning is one of the best things the spanish nt does and it 's the reason their possession playstyle works . 
  22 strong points from me this week , barkley and defoe pls do something, 
  i know but last split it was the safest pick , and both teams had similar power, 
  how does it look know ? 
  with lukaku getting a hat trick, 
  :o just do n't bench capoue, 
  `` every girl is looking for someone like you ; not me tho '' every girl ever, 
  if he drops again i can bring aguero in with the money i have in the bank ! , should i wait until the end of the gw or do it now before early buyers get him ? 
  edit : i now have aguero back in the team , i do n't think his price will drop more . 
  do you have gold income stats of each team and who gets the biggest lead ? 
  mw2 without the bullshit ( glitches , oma noob tube , commando knife range ) it 's the best game in the series . 
  you felt like a superhero when things where going well and the is nuke cool . 
  i started watching himym to feel the void that friends left when it ended , but that now that both ended , i wish there was another similar show even if it becomes kinda repetitive to watch the same tropes and clip episodes . 
  i still want to see how a group of friends deals with their life from 25 to 35 , i do n't know why if i 'm not even that age . 
  is this title a joke about how drake uses ghostwriters therefore he is not creative enough to even write his own titles ? 
  or am i overthinking it ? 
  cool post tho, 
  i always wanted to see how tall they were . 
  also there are barely any humans above 6 feet in the series , what 's the average height of an american ? 
  motherfucker, 
  south american spanish but i guess most people ca n't tell the difference . 
  i find it really annoying but better than listening to martin tyler , i 'm in a football match not a library . 
  i used to watch that too but it went to shit, 
  you learn so much in fincher 's commentaries , i wish netflix had an option to listen to them in every movie, 
  i also do n't know anything about stocks or trading but i like commenting and give advise in case some sad bastard actually listens to me . 
  the thing is , bill burr as far as i know uses this podcast to speak his mind on subjects he finds interesting and then he records himself for your entertainment because you find funny his reactions . 
  he does n't need to talk about what audience thinks it 's interesting because that 's not the point of the podcast . 
  to bill , sports are a great part of what occupies his mind so he talks about them a lot . 
  lol and seeing the responses here about the us , they are pretty much the same as in r/mexico , just do n't buy drugs and do n't walk around sketchy areas the rest is blown out by the media . 
  i used to ride a bus daily at 10pm in monterrey ( 3rd biggest city ) never got mugged , but maybe you mean highways then yes avoid them , it 's rare but you do n't want to be that guy . 
  friends who take the bullet for you or be rich then you get good weed for americans instead of awful weed for the average mexican but maybe that 's my experience . 
  not that i tried it but i have friends who do and praise american weed . 
  rich kids here tho , get stuff more american . 
  because you 're a danger in hallways and overall not worth looking like a crazy person, 
  do you read comments before replying ? 
  is n't sad boys kinda ironic , it 's supposed to look like that, 
  he is the team 's hypeman , he has to do this, 
  you have to appreciate that not only is he not afraid to make the clutch play , he is not afraid of being posterized unlike other players taller than him . 
  brandon knight thinking about kids all over america, 
  but how does the rest of the states that export to canada compare to california and texas ( 6th and 12th largest economies if they were their own country ), 
  if you mean fox , he is no longer the president since 2006 and he is mostly an idiot . 
  why do you have to fill your race in a job application ? 
  i 'm not american but that sounds unnecesary, 
  but does n't that make it easier to discriminate ? 
  like a racist douchebag just taking every black or asian guy application and throw it in the garbage . 
   but as soon as they fill out a job application, 
  i read that as : as soon as you fill out a job app but ok, 
  dude i 'm saying i read it wrong just fucking sue me for slander if you like it, 
  [ jumping the shark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jumping_the_shark ) means doing something gimmicky to keep the audience 's interest when you barely have it and you 're out of ideas . 
  not gon na lie , one of my smite fears is ending up in a video and realize i play like that thor, 
  maybe he got self-conscious because he traveled before the layup , overthinking makes you do this dumb mistakes . 
  people say james harden is the man , but could n't he be a robot ? 
  some of his passes are absolutely unreal , he always makes efficient shots and his go to moves seem like a collection of moves from great shooting gaurds . 
  anyone doubting him should rewatch the episode right now ( i saw it on netflix 15 mins ago ) , i knew about the hooky episode being about drugs so i really like this one , i wonder which episodes do something similar . 
  if it was near launch then i remember hastened fatalis and crit was the go to build if you wanted to tryhard . 
  back then she was the best warrior and every warrior op as fuck . 
  but was n't east also weaker back in those days ? 
  i read in bill simmons ' book that he barely faced a dominant big men . 
  before 31 he was 2-5 against david robinson , 8-7 vs karl malone , 5-11 vs hakeem . 
  come on man , i 'm new to nba ( i only watched this season and half of the one before ) and i try to learn from where i can . 
  i admit his bias towards the celtics was so strong it turned me off the team but it 's not like his opinions are invalid . 
  no one is taking eli\u00e1n gonz\u00e1lez ? , that 's how elections are lost, 
  what if ... mcgee develops a 3 point shot during this season . 
  at 1:15 he had good space for a long two maybe a step behind and he had space for an open 3 point shot . 
  i know i 'm high but this would n't be the craziest thing in 2016 and by far my favorite . 
  most likely they know it 's not good but they do n't think how much , like pretty much the average man . 
  i think the difference is that online people say shit they would n't say to anyone irl . 
  if i trash talked the wrong guy on the court i might get punched but in smite you can only report . 
  and in this instance , it 's lan so i believe it 's good . 
  talking about football players , there was a guy in a greek team that scored a goal , took off his shirt and did a nazi salute and he is now playing in lower leagues . 
  am i dumb or i did n't get your story ? 
  who is blake ? 
  where you there because you live there or just passing by ?
