  is there a subreddit for this kind of posts ? 
  what i mean is news that are discussed with crusaderkings in mind , this thread just seems so funny for me for some reason . 
  i 've been using custom tactics since fifa 14 and man does it make a gigantic difference , i play a very low pace game ( i have sliders on default ) and my favorite players are players like rakitic , thiago and andre gomes ; with custom tactics they look like they are everywhere in the pitch without being exhausted . 
  but playing at a friends house without them will make you feel like you ca n't play at all unless you pace abuse . 
  bigly stock rising ? 
  imo gambling for steals is a defensive tool to create offense that only looks good if you have a good defensive team like curry and chris paul have . 
  if a dude felt bad for telling kyle singler okc was n't a top 3 team imagine how some people feel knowing they called him and he lurks reddit . 
  also ty lawson lurks reddit too ( in an ama he made mozgov squat and when they asked him advice he said something like do n't drink and drive ) , i wonder how many players follow this subreddit . 
  i still think [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4msqpp/the_cavs_that_lebron_james_assembled_are_getting/d3xzi1i/ ) comment was right , kyrie and love are not as good defenders as wade and bosh , and it took a legendary performance from lebron ( plus draymond suspended and bogut injured ) to win . 
  jr smith and thompson played better than love . 
  the actual most efficient shot, 
  i 'm dropping him to cash out before he starts losing a lot of value ( money not points ) then get him back once people stop dropping him . 
  when the game came out of beta it was the same but 2 years later and there 's still jump parties . 
  my opinion is give it some time and they 'll catch the idea , latam has a different gaming culture ( even though i 'm mexican and i hate playing with them ) but they still want to have fun . 
  i do n't think payet is a good choice since he will have a tough stretch of games from gw12 to gw 15 . 
  i can recomend you redmond , sterling , allen , matic , and costa . 
  those are the guys that i think will play good in the next weeks . 
  yes but he did it against sunderland , middlesbrough , west brom and watford . 
  he did n't do anything against southampton and will play away , spurs , man utd , and liverpool from 12 to 15 . 
  imo you 're supposed to use the wildcard to get better long term players or fix your previous team . 
  you 're also spending too much money on 2 defenders from the same team . 
  are the halftime shows in the us shown or only ads ? 
  oh , i was sensing a lack of talk about flo rida, 
  not the lottery that cavs won 3 times in 5 years ? 
  it was n't rigged when the team that the nba just sold got the first pick over the team with the worst percentage in history . 
  even stern vetoed the initial trade of chris paul for `` basketball reasons '' . 
  and using it to draft another franchise player and possibly making the businessman 's investment more safe . 
  i love this league but there are quite a lot of fishy things . 
  this is the simmons that will take over the league . 
  j. cole 's brother is really tall, 
  sorry i did n't know the name of the subreddit for questions, 
  is james harden even human ? 
  have you seen a photo of james harden and hummus together ? 
  how much karma can you get if you comment this all year ? 
  the way your mom says it sounds to me like she telling `` you already know it '' like in you fucked up and you knew you were about to fuck up and you still did it . 
  it depends on how much disappointment she expresses the phrase . 
  i really do n't understand what you are saying . 
  but if you are asking what is a good transfer philosophy , then i can give you advice . 
  i do n't claim to have some secret knowledge ( right now i 'm ranked 120k ) and i take some tips from here but generally for me i take the approach of going where the ball goes no where it has been . 
  * look at the next three matches and the player 's form . 
  * you do n't need 4 big hitters if you 're just going to captain aguero . 
  * be sure to not transfer in an injury prone player if you do n't have a way out . 
  * avoid transfers in the heat of the moment and avoid as much as you can -4 point hits . 
  i would 've ride every bandwagon that did n't derailed until my team value looks alright and then i build a team for the future and hope for the best . 
  how many weeds did he ate for that bit ? 
  3 whole marihuanas ? 
  he is putting his life in danger !, 
  this is something i think too , there are a shit ton of old school wingers that when placing them as rb look dangerous . 
  they play just as fast , cross just as well and do a decent job defending ( nothing awesome but do you really expect great defense from a fullback ? ) . 
  the ovr might be saying that your rb is 67 but he has the stats of an offensive threat lw nothing keeps you from playing him . 
  someone should test if stats drop a lot or not if i play them oop from what fifa says . 
  i think that some players should start checking player instructions and custom tactics . 
  i only have fifa 15 in x360 and how do you guys see so much weird shit ? 
  in my games the most bullshit thing it happens it 's the game making the opponent unbeatable when they decide i 've won enough in career mode but aside from that my goalkeepers behave like functional human beings and the players respect physics . 
  the pumpkin bussiness looked strong this past week you should look in to it op, 
  360 had impact engine introduced in fifa 12 and it had tons of glitches ; i did n't know that fifa 17 had a different engine but it well maybe fifa 18 will have this glitches solved . 
  but gsw last year were insane as a whole and steph went unanimous mvp . 
  wait until the post game thread for more karma . 
  i 'm all for an underdog story but this time the warriors had to lose . 
  holebas is a yellow card risk since he got one against mun , che and arse . 
  mcauley has played liv and mci and did n't got a yellow . 
  plus west brom has a better potential of doing well against leicester compared to watford against liverpool . 
  damn i love this races lol first time i saw them was in a sacramente game and now i want them in every game . 
  of those 2 defoe because he is defoe but there are better options . 
  last season i tc frabregas in gw3 because i did n't get the game and chips , after watching him get 3 points ( he got 1 but tc ) i started using this subreddit to see where i went wrong and boy did i felt bad . 
  austin and rondon, 
  austin : good in the long run . 
  everton and spurs are the hardest defense he has coming up in the next 10 gw . 
  rondon : wba had tough last 3 matches when they played tot , liv and mci . 
  but after leicester they have 4 games where he can score and 1 where he wo n't do anything because it 's chelsea . 
  the ones i have my doubts because they played well last season but they are n't playing well this season are : deeney , ighalo and wilson but maybe they can find their form . 
  i do n't think you 'll find your answers here because it 's mostly casuals who transer him out when he will play swansea and watford in their next 5 games . 
  bandwagons made him a bit overvalued and when he dissapoints the train stops and unloads . 
  to me he is consistent enough to be a great player for the future i do n't know about everyone else . 
  same thing happened to ibra and hazard early in the season . 
  i found it really funny when after the stoke vs. swansea , people were saying bony might be a good shout . 
  and what did bill murray do about it ? 
  in mexico we get horrible news about the us and some people joke that everyone is crazy , carries assault rifles everywhere and that school shootings are a common monthly thing . 
  if we believe everything the media tells us about you , we would fear going to your country but of course we know that is n't the case . 
  his original price was 10m , and that 's where he is right now , best time to get him was 2 gws ago next best is now . 
  check his previous seasons . 
  with 26 gw to go he already has 82 pts , he will get 200 + . 
  hazard has 25 in 2012/13 , 24 in 2013/14 and 2014/15 ; and last season was the mourinho boycott . 
  he outscored sanchez in 2014/15 by 26 points costing 1m less . 
  injury risk plus you can go for snodgrass 5.5 m because he will actually play and has good fixtures . 
  it 's missing a baby waterfall, 
  i really love okafor 's post game but i do n't know what are they going to do with him since embiid can bring so much more . 
  i want to put this on facebook just to see how many dumb people i 'm friends with . 
  til using google is tech savvy, 
  [ mapa de poblacion latina por estado de usa ] ( http://www.bbc.com/mundo/noticias/2016/03/160304_poblacion_latinos_hispanos_estados_unidos_mapa_grafico_all ), 
  [ mapa con los resultados eleccion actual ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/elections/2016/results/ ), 
  are the atlanta hawks unofficial nba champions ? 
  there 's a guy the simpsons in spanish and he never gets taken down . 
  maybe it 's luck, 
  guardians of the galaxy also had different vfx from the trailers to the actual movie , i do n't know why this complaints are still being made . 
  so salcido gets a second yellow for obvious time waste and herrera comes and pushes pulisic like wtf bro, 
  barcelona tactics : complain of every single call the referee makes . 
  every time a barca fan complains about cheats and time wasters they should remember they have jordi alba in their team, 
  but i love listening to colombian and venezuelan girls, 
  i completely agree , we should n't segregate the audiences and think that an african or chinese man ca n't relate to an american white man .
