i think nationalism is a think of the past , now te replacement is regionalism , and regional integration . 
  as far as the world is concerned , there is also a competition in between cities where one can like a city but strongly dislike his/her country . 
  continental europeans are just tired of hearing about british people complaining about europe , for the same reasons as everyone else , except the uk already has more privileges : - the uk has its own money - the uk has a border many countries in europe would like to get one of these back but they do n't because they understand that without the eu , they can not face massive countries like china , the usa , india , brazil , etc. 
  marine le pen 's ideas are outdated , there is no point to listen to her anymore . 
  the strongest part of her program is to implement full respect of the law , so for example it would help against the muslim militantism , and stop halal meat to replace all our meat , etc. 
  the other good thing would be cutting off failed atates that promote violence and terrorism , such as saudi arabia . 
  but the rest of her program is almost communism . 
  close the borders , leave the eu , bring back the franc . 
  that 's why she does n't stand a chance . 
  as for me , i do n't understand why the uk does n't embrace more its situation . 
  you have the opportunity to rule over europe beside germany . 
  your economy is now stronger than france , a country that besides art , cheese and wine , actually makes a ton of money making rockets , planes and weapons !, 
  your economy is attracting millions of educated , work hungry europeans . 
  this is not the immigration we get in continental europe , we get `` human rights '' , `` asylum '' mostly non educated , angry people . 
  sure you get too many eastern europeans profiting the system and you 're tired of hearing french , spanish and polish at every corner . 
  but what , leave the eu for that ? 
  that 's like saying there 's a drop of salt on the middle of the cake , i 'm not going to have any so . 
  my opinion : stay in the eu , seek a bigger role in the presidency of the continent . 
  i think france has had a way too big role in the last few yeara and it 's time to make this continent dynamic . 
  in the statistics , we are still the strongest economic zone of the world !, 
  as far as the european immogration problem , make it more complicated to get the nhs papers or make a goddamn law of how many people from one nationality can work at a time . 
  besides are n't you worried that if you leave the eu , you will not be the uk anymore but simply england + wales ? 
  i know for sure scotland will try its independance again and northern ireland is too dependent on its south not to care . 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  from my side i am just worried because i have lived in australia , korea and the uk and i saw that they all understood that their situation would depend on how well the country is doing and that depends on how well or how hard they are willing to work . 
  in general , i 've found that in france people tend to get the job done faster so they can leave the office earlier , which i think is great . 
  for example in korea it 's the opposite , they stay at the office as long as possible so they do n't actually work hard during the job but they stay at the office 60 hours a week and the whole nation is determined to improve the country and to always be more competitive . 
  i would never condone children working , i think education should be legal for any children under the age of 16 . 
  this is not even applied in france with gypsies and migrants . 
  regardless of their stiuation or origin it 's a basic right and it 's also the law , i do n't find it normal to see 8 year old kids doing crack in hotel de ville . 
  personally i would be in favour of banishing the 35 hour week in france and replace it for a 40-45 hour week , which is much lower than what people work in the most developed countries us , england , etc. 
  if we become a debt free wealthy nation again we can find a better solution to lower the working hours . 
  the other thing is there is no cure to the crisis . 
  the only way is for france to be competitive again and find a way to sell their products to emerging markets . 
  improved worker 's rights are a direct consequence to the economy 's strenght . 
  i 've checked the links you gave and some other websites but i have n't been able to find any clear thoughts . 
  i can see hundreds of people having fun , talking , which is great but i would call that a social event , not a protest . 
  it 's as if they are protesting against the financial crisis in general and the only way to solve it is to get back to work and stop complaining . 
  i guess i find it hypocrit to believe in one 's rights before thinking about one 's duties . 
  it 's written no where that france and french people should have privileges over other nations when it comes to how hard/long they need to work . 
  sure when they were doing good economically they could relax and give out new rights , but the world 's system is work or die . 
  we should be grateful that there is still a health system and a retiring pension , and work hard to keep it that way . 
  at least the current reforms strive to reduce unemployment and would give us more flexibility to compete over giant economies like china , brazil and india . 
  because they really could n't care less about our rights ( privileges ) . 
  i 'm also in france . 
  do you think there is a justified reason to protest against the labor reforms ? 
  they are launched by a socialist government because the economy is so bad , workers can not be as demanding as they used to in the 90 's . 
  for instance , i am currently `` unemployed '' because the companies do not have the `` money '' to hire me on a full time basis and if they do , they do not have `` enough money '' to fire me . 
  what they actually mean is they can not hire someone and pay twice for him/her , once as a salary and once as social charges and taxes . 
  technically i 'm a freelancer but in the statistics i 'm `` unemployed '' because as it 's my best option to get the basic health coverage ( which i am paying for any time i get paid on a contract ) . 
  i am in favor of paying taxes but the redistribution should be visible , at least in infrastructure , the health system and education . 
  and as you know , public spaces and transports are filthy . 
  this year paris decided to clean the city by hiring 80 persons but that would just be enough to clean one district so in the end we wo n't see a difference . 
  the health system is still costly to citizens and you almost always have to beg to get your money back , while spending money because the only dialogue possible is by sending express letters from the post office . 
  finally , although free , or very close to being free , public education does not teach students how to think , but encourages them to learn as much as they can on any topic , relevant or not . 
  maybe they made an estimate based on the current drug use . 
  but i too think the profits would be much higher, 
  talking for france , mdma and ecstasy are practically inexistant . 
  however we are huge pot smokers and also cocaine addicts . 
  we account for 20 % or more for the total drug consumption of europe . 
  i am 100 % certain legalizing recreational use of cannabis in france would make us get out of our current economic crisis ( huge public debt , ~ 3.8 million people unemployed ), 
  i think it 's corsica , an island on the mediterranean that belongs to france, 
  i thought it was part of the package , like paris . 
  but good !, 
  people are finally aware that the city has never been as dirty , even 2000 years back . 
  they do . 
  millions are on their way to europe as we speak . 
  but this is our responsibility for not making it harder for people to come in . 
  if you were in their shoes and you think you have a better chance to make it in europe , and you can come and stay pretty much for free , just as long as you know how to say one word in english ( asylum ) . 
  would n't you try ? 
  what we do n't say clearly is that once you are lefalized or even better naturalized with a french , german , austrian passport , etc , it does not mean you will `` make it '' . 
  there 's more chances you end up in a ghetto without a job . 
  and when you are full of hate after living years in poverty and you 're a victim of racism on a daily basis , you will find isis ' terror to be attractive . 
  more than half of the migrants that arrived last year come from safe , but poor countries . 
  when they are stopped a the border , they lie about their identity and their age so they get in easier . 
  how many times does it have to happen before we understand they are taking advantage of us . 
  and once again , it 's so hard to come legally to the eu , same for the us , canada , australia , etc. 
  by letting millions in as potential asylum , we are giving up on the thousands of bright and educated men and women out there whose dream is to come to the eu and contribute to our society . 
  these people are the ones who should get asylum , and as this post explains , sometimes even their touristic visa gets rejected . 
  [ i speak from experience , my girlfriend is colombian and it 's been a nightmare for her to legalize her situation here , even though she has the financial means to stay and survive work , she got her bachelor here and she speaks french , english and spanish . 
  now that may seem blunt but it 's the sad truth , since she is dark skinned , it would be faster for her to take a trip to turkey , enter to greece and pose as a syrian without id and after crying rape she could get legal residency papers , a free place to stay at with electricity and internet as well as food ( and on top of it she could choose which country she wants to go to ) . 
  i know this seems far fetched but actually a bunch of cubans did that a few months back and they are now legally in europe ] . 
  definitely , he could have threatened them to make a big deal about racism and they would have let him in . 
  regardless of whether we can host of millions of asylum seekers , which technically we could , it 's more about why would we do it and especially why would we let all these people come to europe only to end up in a poor ugly suburb with no job prospect , no chance at all to ever `` make it '' like in the us . 
  we are letting them in so they can become slaves , and germany knows that really well , in fact they said they needed a strong `` labor force '' ( modern slaves ) . 
  no really , why would you move to france , italy , greece , poland , etc. 
  what are they going to do ? 
  and as far as the northern countries , they still have money to feed them but the others do n't . 
  the more people we welcome the more muslim extremists groups will be able to recruit for their terror campaigns . 
  it 's because of our interpretations of liberty and human rights . 
  in france it means the freedom to be illegal , racist , sexist , rude , arrogant , hateful , anything goes . 
  illegal economic migrants have the roght to demonstrate publicly in the street without being threatened with deportation . 
  soon they will also have the right to burn cars . 
  oops sorry apparently they also have the right to burn cars ( calais ) . 
  how could have i forgotten the human right to burn someone else 's car in sign of peaceful protest . 
  you can buy a special luggage custom made to your screens . 
  check the `` flight case company '' on google . 
  that 's how i was able to travel with my 27 inches imac from seoul to paris last month . 
  there is a cost though , at least 200 $ for the case and 200 $ for any extra checked-in liggage . 
  this is not to help workers , it 's to help a dying economy by making it easier to hire people .
