til , thanks !, 
   the southern and eastern epithets carry negative connotations true . 
  part of why it triggers me , obviously . 
  i was not being serious about the time zone - however i always forget that spain has cet , too . 
  i remember about germany , but by simply looking at the map of europe i expect spain to be one hour behind poland and it is n't . 
  i 'm taken by surprise every time . 
  :p on a more serious note , though . 
  in my opinion , language is one thing . 
  the countries on our eastern border do n't even use the latin alphabet and we do . 
  religion - we are both christian , but poland is strongly catholic ( currently and historically ) . 
  they were part of ussr , we never were ( we were a satellite country which is not the same ) . 
  i feel that ukrainians , russians and belarusians share more between themselves than we share with them . 
  i 'd rather feel more bond with czechs ( even though they do n't like us ? ), 
  and slovaks . 
  i consider them central european as well , where ukraine , belarus and russia is eastern europe . 
  yes , we do have similarities , but we are also different . 
  i 'd say poles are somewhere in the middle and calling us central fits this notion well . 
  again , this is about how i feel personally . 
  i am not going to convince anybody . 
  apparently ... :p, 
  ever heard about the cental european time zone ? 
  i was going to get triggered by putting poland into eastern europe , but your map is correct . 
   when i visited your country a few months ago , i felt like i was the only person who stuck to the speed limits . 
  i feel this way in my home country all the time . 
  is the same bull `` reused '' the next year ? 
  bk burgers at least somewhat resemble mcd 's false advertising , while mcd burgers look like they 've been rolled over by a road roller and had the ingredients eaten out by wild dogs . 
  there was once a school trip in majdanek ( another big death camp in poland , near lublin ) and one of the kids entered the furnace because it was fun to do ... http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/1,130438,5683714,pamiatkowe_zdjecie_z_majdanka__nastolatka_w_piecu.html and here are swedish children playing hitler and nazis in auschwitz : http://www.dn.se/sthlm/elever-pa-elitskola-spelade-in-nazifilm-pa-resa-till-auschwitz/, 
  yeah . 
  let them live in luxury for two years , then set them on fire and kill them with pointy metal objects - but make it slow . 
  `` there is no evidence '', 
  i guess it 's a soft drink then . 
   in poland it 's stored in refrigerators in grocery stores next to milk products . 
  it seems it 's not easy to get the genuine ayran ( i.e. , made in turkey ) here , mostly knock-offs made in poland . 
  i do n't think it 's popular . 
  i guess sex on a pebble beach is better as long as you 're on top . 
   but pebbles and rocks are superior in every way if you like pain . 
  that 's what i thought before i went to croatia . 
  now i 'm in love . 
  i 've been to mallorca - sure thing those white sandy beaches are better , but i like everything else ( people , cities , atmosphere ) better in croatia . 
  i think this has to do with being a slav , i feel more like home there . 
  easier to communicate , similar behavior , etc. 
  that 's what he wants you to think . 
  i do n't like soft drinks ( sugar , bleeeh ) and that 's the only one i 'd drink . 
  i do n't know what it is doing on this map , it goes with milk products like yogurt or kefir . 
   i also saw it poland everywhere team mirinda vs team fanta , 
  are the fires out ? 
  there 's also china and north korea . 
  by the definition given here a communist state is an oxymoron , yet they call themselves that . 
  looks interesting . 
   i checked it out on youtube to see it in action . 
  thanks for sharing . 
   we also have it in france is it somewhere near the spanish border ? 
  never heard of it . 
  i agree with what you 're saying , it 's a fair point . 
  maybe the difference is one is for entertainment and the other is for life sustenance of humans ( we eat meat , well ... ) . 
  i do n't want to go full veggie . 
   second , you can read what dirk jacobs said , that legally these products are different products and that 's why they ca n't be compared . 
  those precise products in the article , but there are many more ( like the butter cookies ) which are exactly the same . 
  for evidence - go to a store in germany , take a box of bahlsen butter cookies . 
  go to a store in poland and take a box of bahlsen ~ ~ palm oil ~ ~ butter cookies . 
  compare the ingredients and price . 
  i agree some products can be considered different - i think somebody fucked up when they presented the case to the comission . 
  they should have selected better examples . 
  not to repeat myself : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6jon69/no_evidence_of_lower_quality_foods_in_eastern/djgbtbk/, 
  i was not using the proper term which is hydrogenated fat . 
  so , palm oil is a trans fat - which is bad in itself ( who recommends eating no more than 1 % daily ) and hydrogenated is far more worse . 
  just from a [ random search result ] ( http://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=george&amp;dbid=10 ) :  the chemical structure of artificially hardened hydrogenated fat is , however , different from either that of a naturally hard saturated fat or naturally liquid unsaturated ( mono - or poly - ) oil . 
  saturated fats have a rigid straight molecular form , which tends to `` rigidify '' the body structures into which they are incorporated , like blood vessels ( thus the association between hard animal fats and atherosclerosis or hardening of the arteries ) . 
  unsaturated fats have various wavy or zigzag forms ( called `` cis - '' forms ) that contribute to more flexible arteries and other body structures . 
  hydrogenated fats also have bent molecular shapes , but hydrogenated fats are bent in the mirror-opposite direction ( which is why they are called `` trans - '' forms ) of naturally occurring unsaturated fats . 
  for this reason , hydrogenated fats are difficult for the body to `` grab onto '' and metabolize , and can neither be incorporated into cell structures nor excreted in the normal fashion . 
  thus , hydrogenated or `` trans - '' fats tend to remain `` stuck '' in blood circulation , becoming oxidized and most importantly , contributing significantly to an increased risk for cardiovascular disease and possibly also cancer . 
  i 'd say butter is better than cheap hydrogenated palm oil and they are trying to kill us !, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.foodnavigator.com/policy/no-evidence-of-lower-quality-foods-in-eastern-europe-says-commission ), 
  do you know what 's the propaganda ( ? ), 
  about hardened fats , palm oil specifically ? 
  i read a few times they are really bad for health , but now it 's about as much as i remember . 
   i do n't know why . 
  is that not true ? 
  palm oil is very healthy if it is not hardened , but in the case of groceries it 's usually the bad one . 
  i 'm not . 
  it says 206,76 pln + 31,41 % per 1000 cigarettes . 
  that would n't include vat , i guess . 
  it seems like 80 % of the price is tax . 
  cigarettes are really expensive here . 
  it 's better to buy an apartment or a good car than to smoke . 
  i am currently playing horizon : zero dawn and have some reservations about robot bulls , it could go wrong . 
  wait , what ? 
  but that was not true last month . 
  the eu even rejected the claim of the easterners as ungrounded . 
  we were told it 's our imagination . 
  we do n't even like butter here !, 
  customs + vat, 
  it is a cruel thing and it 's good there are people trying to change it . 
  that put aside - what 's the history , why do you spaniards do it ? 
  how do you feel about it ? 
  how was it before ? 
  i know there 's wikipedia , but personal opinions and stories here are more valuable and interesting . 
  are those other small parties in favor of the changes ? 
  i would n't think so .
