not doing anything is also a choice , which is a really bad one if is wins . 
  and why would that be such a bad thing ? 
  british politicians would never rape someone and nobody would ever dare to cover that up for years ... . . 
  if he 's wrong i would like to know . 
  can you please explain why he 's wrong ? 
  at least you 're not french . 
  i do but why check someone account history , a bit to much paranoia ? 
  sounds about the same to me , 
  you checked his account just because he said that ? 
  this is better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fgcnv2yyok, 
  the flemish people just have a very weird accent , not a very big difference compared to dutch . 
  it might also be a bad joke, 
  child gets sick , child goes in public , child sneezes , old people are close they die . 
  are parents allowed to make a choice that will make other people die just because they 're retarded and listen to a literal whore on a complicated medical subject ? 
  no need , a lot of people getting sick of immigrants first citizens second and the pc media . 
  vwo high school in nl . 
  i never knew the ottoman empire was a thing before playing europa universalis iv, 
  and the main argument for `` no '' is fuck the eu , fuck the dutch politicians . 
  currently politicians are make europe shit again . 
  any change would be preferred . 
  making the people that lead the european union realize that they ca n't do whatever they want would m.e.g.a. 
  no idea about that . 
  it was a response to the bs from the guy i responded to in the same way he made his comment . 
  if only we could trust the media , the police and the government for be honest with us about it and not try to hide it as much as possible to be pc . 
  and we all know the majority are committed by economical immigrants, 
  new amsterdam should also get back inside . 
  so they will get punished for it like the law says , and get a chance to be rehabilitated and back into society . 
  so punish them hard fuck them in the ass then throw them into the street ? 
  maybe even get the whip out like they do in saudi arabia, 
  a different school is not want what everyone above you is asking for . 
  they 're asking to ruin their lives for ever like over in the good old usa . 
  do n't you think there might be a good reason a lot of people hate the use even when they they put so much effort is our safety ? 
  still better education than over there . 
  same one that spy 's on all of us , lies to us , pushing fucking horrendous trade deals behind closed door , the same one that wants to give their ~ ~ companies ~ ~ citizens power over the way we govern our countries . 
  fuck the u s a. 
  not the people willing to risk their lived for us , but fuck the usa . 
  and since this is about iran , remember how your government removed a democratic government there and put back a hated dictator for oil ? 
  did russia get hit with rockets all the time ? 
  oh whoops they shot a civilian plane instead of being shot at themselves . 
  not a fair comparison, 
   `` russian nation is the cancer on the face of the planet '' . 
  ukraine . 
  now try to say that statement is completely without merit . 
  there is 0.000001 chance one of the tweets mentioned would lead to violence , this is pure intimidation . 
   that 's going to be much worse without an eu umbrella to hide under . 
  it is not at all about leaving the eu in any way . 
   you shit bricks at the even the possibility of displeasing czar putin . 
  i know of plenty of people that dislike eu , i know of 0 people that like putin , most people do n't even know about the amount of trade between russia/nl even if what you say is right we can shit bricks about displeasing czar putin . 
  but that does not make the eu democratic , the eu is still a giant mess of shit . 
  people are just very very annoyed at how they 're treated by politicians here were you feel like they care more about themselves than being actual good politicians . 
  nice words you 're trying to put into my mouth . 
   i 'm not aware of anything in the treaty that could cost money . 
   also russia is a huge trading partner of us , far more important than any eastern state . 
  compare anything from nl to america and we 'll all dirty communists . 
  there was nothing to gain for us from fighting germany , we would loose . 
  people would die . 
  houses destroyed . 
  no chance to win , only delay . 
  if that was the case we would 've joined team france and waved a white flag before fighting started . 
  could you provide any evidence on the relations between the events that you imply ? 
  also something people should know :  ironically , last year the same town council abolished a bus service for special needs children to ferry them from the town to the same school . 
  the iran where america removed a democratic government in order to install a dictatorship that liked them ? 
  they got valid reasons to wish death on america . 
  because you can pump infinite amounts of oil through a pipeline ... 
  you got trump as candidate . 
  smaller syria . 
  france , germany ( or prussia depedning on time period ) , uk , [ austrian empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_empire ) 5th could be russia , ottoman empire or spain . 
  probably spain during the habsburg rule . 
  and rich people buying up and housing without using any of it is fine ? 
  here people can literally break in and start living in houses/flats/everything if they are kept empty to long because keeping it empty is retarded and in the interest of 99.9 % of the people . 
  this is not some private property of someone that worked hard for it . 
  this is property of multi million euro companies being greedy dicks . 
  if anything is sure by now he will not step down . 
  especially with russian/chineese support . 
   but if assad 's brutality is a significant part of what fuels is source ? 
  is this election only about separation or just general elections about everything ? 
  so if we change the law we should no longer be accepting of other cultures ? 
  if we get wilder to make islam illegal it 's perfectly fine because it 's the law ? 
  and 0 of your travel time would count as work under this ruling because you 're going to an office . 
  if you bothered to read the article :  the ecj ruled that workers ** without a fixed office ** should be able to charge for the time such journeys last, 
  read the article , it explains when it 's relevant, 
  no it does not , read the article . 
  no it does not , read the article . 
  sorry for being late : no , i do not trust the eu or the way the eu operates . 
  there is no way of knowing how much the eu will expand and what the conditions of a `` defensive '' war are . 
  see hoergia vs russia , who satretd it who was at fault ? 
  i would never support anything that gave the corrupt power hungry politicians in brussels more power . 
  i 'm 22 and already few up with how the national politicians operate/behave but at least they have to answer to the public . 
  and i got some influence to chance it . 
  i can do literally 0 about anything in the eu , nobody cares enough to vote because the votes do n't matter and the people we can actually elect have 0 influence . 
  and the ones with influence get fat paychecks without having to fear of ever losing it . 
  placing them far away so that the border is barely in operational range will 1 . make it useless since planes fly in drop bombs and fly away 2 . if they can hit a plane the bombs will have been dropped before the plane get 's shot down . 
  very effective, 
  i do n't know anyone that would consider it . 
  there is 0 % chance a national draft will ever be approved . 
  an eu one would lead to us leaving 100 %, 
   the anti-goverment media the ones in jail you mean ? 
  the problem is that you 're being ignored , lied to , talked down , ridiculed and no debate allowed by the current politicians/media . 
  then you get angry people and it 's their fault for being angry . 
  not the uk if they get out in time ,
