  so how do people decide on any of these ? 
  usually it differs between theological schools and which sunnahs they accept , other theological principles they accept , also different levels of emphasis they put on different techniques of lawmaking , etc. 
  it is fucking endless ... 
  so every different movement decides on this and thing are also very fluid , there are many in betweens . 
  and this is also so hard to generalise for 1.9 billion muslims , so might as well try to generalize human culture . 
  what you should get from this is that they will never agree on what is the exact `` true interpretation '' , you might as well ignore it . 
  islamic laws and theology is a lifetime study and even then you can only understand a very limited portion of it . 
  when people ask for sharia , they are merely asking their own interpretation of world to be made into law . 
  does this seem familiar ? 
  yes , it is how laws are made right now , by popularity . 
  only difference is they want quran and sunnah to be framework for laws ( kind of like constitution ) . 
  so no isis does n't follow any authentic version and they do n't even follow mainstream version . 
  most people here in turkey consider them monsters , few agree with some of what they do but even that is varied and have different nuances instead of supporting isis . 
  isis people are pretty much outcasts of islam . 
   i 'm genuinely confused here . 
  i keep hearing about how we europeans are in danger of sharia from all the muslims coming here , yet i ca n't figure out what it 's even supposed to mean in practice . 
  there are muslim arbitration tribunals in britain , for example . 
  so , why do british muslims want sharia law when they basically already have it ? 
  as an atheist , i had housemates and friends from all kinds of muslims from conservatives to fundamentalists and have spent half my life arguing with them . 
  result is , even i have no idea how it is gon na be in practice . 
  pretty much very few people disagree on how to do it . 
  so say it will be like how it was in ottoman times but when it comes to exact details , they all differ . 
  and ottomans changed so much through time and practiced differently depending on region , how are we gon na choose any of that ? 
  some pass the problem to scholars but as far as i know situations like iran where islamic scholars rule are very rare . 
  instead there were usually a secular ruler who were also the highest authority , so ruler and sacred . 
  now , my interpretation of people asking sharia is like people who want to live in utopia . 
  my mother who is vehemently secular also says if you can get her `` true islam '' , she can accept it as it would be perfect harmony or something . 
  no idea what it means in practice . 
  in reality though , satisfying people who want sharia is not really hard to do . 
  i can give some suggestions on how i think it can be done ; you see in modern nations , autonomy and special laws apply by geography but in places like ottoman empire special laws differed by your religion and local judges ( called [ millet system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millet_\\ ( ottoman_empire \\ ) ) ) . 
  there were a pretense of universality but in practice groups were sharply divided but also applied locality . 
  let 's say you were a greek . 
  i meant you personally were subject to the law of greek orthodox church and you did n't follow sharia law . 
  and an armenian followed laws of armenian church . 
  if there were a problem between two groups , laws of injured party applied ( unless one party was muslim then sharia applied ) . 
  these religious authorities decided on taxes and many other parts , so in practice they were autonomous so long as they did n't act against sultan . 
  it is kind of odd compared to modern law where if you move somewhere , that provinces laws may apply to you . 
  imagine that everywhere in the empire , people were subjected to laws of their own group . 
  this is present in many countries in the middle east , past and present . 
  it is kind of why this area is so diverse and homogeneity is uncommon . 
  so what muslim people want is for their own laws to apply when there is a problem between two of them . 
  they do n't want universal civil laws between everyone but their own civil laws . 
  of course there would be some laws above this as in constitution , human rights , etc but when they have a problem about their marriage , they do n't want to be beholden to secular laws based on christian laws of the past . 
  they have their own thoughts on how marriage , inheritance , defamation , etc laws . 
  islamic law being above others are of course would n't be possible but i do n't think there would be any problem because some suras ( or sunnahs ) also ask people to obey the laws of their country so long as it allow them to practice their religion . 
  i must admit i have a lot of sympathy to these kinds of laws . 
  kind of different laws for different demographics . 
  this can get very complicated , of course but if people hundreds of years ago managed to do it , we can do it too . 
  in a limited context it can work great . 
   i realise that you ca n't speak for all muslims , as a turk , but in your opinion , is there any way we could coexist with the migrants ? 
  because it does n't seem like they 're going to stop coming anytime soon , and everyone is really upset about it . 
  i do n't see any reason for you not live together . 
  there will be some tension as is usual when people of different values meet but all these can be handled with proper state and civil guidance . 
  what is important is to make sure these people do n't get confined to ghettos and low-income trap . 
  i heard in germany many turks ca n't integrate because of how system favors selecting people from early age and makes transfers between good schools and bad ones very hard . 
  so you have make sure these people who are less educated and have less means to be able to improve with state support . 
  not for everyone but for successful children like scholarships , etc. 
  wow , i wrote so much i hit the word limit and had to shorten some . 
  and i need to sleep as it is 4pm here . 
  i hope it is not too much . 
  i disagree , they are not turkish ( as in citizens of turkey ) but they are turks as well . 
   should the kurds hypothetically , even though they have repeatedly demonstrated the complete opposite , show an interest in being an autonomous part of turkey , you could at least start by giving them the same rights as the turks . 
  but ... oh wait , you did n't do that either , did you now ? 
  that could be said in the past but a lot of progress has been made . 
  yes , there are still things missing ; constitutional recognition , kurdish in public schools , better enforcement against discrimination , etc. 
  but same can be said of turks ( we are not uniform unlike how people portray us ) as well . 
  we also have many rights missing depending on our demographics . 
  both akp and chp has equal rights for kurds and other minorities in their election promises . 
  you ca n't expect them to do it in one day . 
  we just have too many problems to take care of . 
  after all , we are not in central europe where everything is peaceful . 
  we are doing it yet people still claim the opposite . 
  we get shit whatever we do ... 
  when did salafism/wahhabism become dominant sect in europe ? 
  please stop using fact to further your own agenda . 
  salafi are outliers even in muslim majority countries . 
  and people that join organizations like isis tend to be converts from other religions or from countries like china where they are repressed . 
  for turkey , single interpretation does n't say anything about how this can be implemented . 
  i have n't met anyone that considers saudi or iran as a representation of islam . 
  sharia only means one thing , that is laws based on islam using fiqh . 
  but there are many interpretations where everyone considers their own interpretation as ** single true ** one . 
  neither fundamentalism nor being dogmatic has nothing to do with single interpretation . 
  it is merely a theological thing . 
  closing mosques will certainly cause backslash . 
  just change imams . 
  we still get shit because some mosques were made into warehouses . 
   ask any muslim woman on an arabic country if they would like to be banned from society . 
   it is certainly a lot more complicated than that . 
  in turkey half of the population see hijab as a form of repression , and other half sees it as a symbol of freedom . 
  i know people who started wearing one despite the protests of their husbands or families . 
  sex segregation is also supported by a lot of women . 
   security forces simultaneously embarked on largescale security operations in the southeast , escalating military activity , arresting hundreds in kurdish areas , and imposing strict curfews that left civilians trapped in their homes . 
  in response , some residents dug ditches and built barricades to stop police vehicles entering , and armed youth known as the ydg-h , which pkk leaders have told vice news are not under their control , fought police with guns , rockets , and molotov cocktails . 
  while the article looks like a good outline , this part is wrong ( probably on purpose ) . 
  barricades were not in response to curfews but the opposite . 
  young militants recruited from locals and directed by pkk members began barricading some neighbourhoods then government declared curfew and operations started . 
  these young militants were armed with military style guns including sniper rifles and considering the amount of ieds used , they must have been trained beforehand about how to make them . 
  it is widely believed that pkk stored weapons during the ceasefire and were preparing for this . 
  another thing is only few pkk members seem to be part of this `` barricading neighbourhoods '' so they only directed but ones that fought were young people ( many of these are 18 - , so children ) . 
  as an another turk , i agree with you wholeheartedly .
