  are left and right simply product of someone introducing it ? 
  or are they simply already existing ideas that was organized and structured by others . 
  also i think you are contradicting yourself . 
  you say they are not sheeps and then talk about secularizing them . 
  there is already nothing preventing them from secularizing . 
  if they wished to integrate/secularize , they can simply take up the dominant culture and ignore religion . 
  the fact that they do not do this , despite having the alternative is the reason we are talking about it . 
  all i am saying is that , these people can not reach alternative religious ideas . 
  money simply allow such movements to reach people more easily . 
  these radical ideas are largely denied in greater muslim world and the places these people immigrate from . 
  if europeans allow and encourage these kinds of alternatives to exist , they will not have to see such radical groups . 
  this is not about let 's fight this with that , more about evening the playground . 
  no one is forcing these people to go to mosques . 
  but if the only mosque they can reach is salafi ... 
  they can also invite other established organizations like turkish diyanet but i doubt they are willing to do it . 
  we already protect our people from radicalizing and the problem is largely about other muslims not having such establishment . 
  edit : grammar . 
  i write too fast :(, 
  sufism is independent of being sunni or shia . 
  being sunni or shia is about which [ schools of jurisprudence \\ ( fiqh \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiqh ) and [ theology \\ ( itiqad \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schools_of_islamic_theology ) you accept and both sides have sufi groups . 
  sufi orders are groups that follow a `` path '' one might join if they wish to . 
  afaik most sufis are sunni . 
  ( while i can not talk about others , sufism is quite prevalent among religious turks . 
  and has been part of our culture since turks became muslim . ), 
  edit : my mistake about translations . 
   we do n't want pure racial homogeneity , we want cultural homogeneity so you want them to assimilate into the current french culture ? 
  or are you willing to accept some of their culture as part of french ? 
  these are very different things , you know . 
  if the first one , then how is that exactly any different than racism ? 
  so if a jew/turk/moroccan / etc reject to give up his traditions , he is not welcome ? 
  mind that there are no such thing as human race biologically . 
  ( race is what we call based on physical and cultural differences . 
  for ex ; greeks , armenians , caucasians , turks , kurds , etc are differentiated by their culture , not their physical qualities . ), 
  if the second one , i would like to ask what do you expect them to give up and what are you willing to include from their culture ? 
  for ex ; would you be willing to accept islamic culture as part of french culture ? 
   we do n't want pure ethnic homogeneity , we want cultural homogeneity but ethnicity is literally a cultural grouping ... 
  yes , salafist are taking over mosques . 
  a movement supported with a lot of money gaining traction . 
  such a surprise !, 
  immigrant muslims in europe are neither organized enough nor do they have enough funds to stop this . 
  their governments are neither stopping this salafist funding nor helping non-salafist muslims . 
  they are not even declaring which ones are the legitimate to differentiate . 
  it could at least help local muslims gain enough time to establish their own administrative structures . 
  they are simply watching , expecting it to be somehow different and getting surprised . 
  imho there is a quite simple solution to this : sufis . 
  european states should bring sufi leaders and support them silently to counter salafists . 
  if there is one thing salafists dislike , it is sufis . 
  there has been many cases of salafist terrorists specifically going after sufi shrines and demolishing them . 
  this is because sufis represent spiritual side of islam . 
  think about the debate over [ the spirit of law and the letter of law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letter_and_spirit_of_the_law ) . 
  salafist are people who not only completely reject any mention of the spirit of law , they also reject legal precedents . 
  orthodox muslims accept at least the precedents , and sufis accept both . 
  more importantly there are already european sufis in bosnia , macedonia , kosovo , etc. 
  they number little but i am sure , given some encouragement , they could send some of their disciples . 
  especially bektashis ( not talking about alevi-bektashis ) and malamatiyya ( very rare these days but they exist ) would bring very little trouble for european states . 
  you can also bring ones from the homelands of immigrants which will encourage them to join these instead of salafist funded mosques . 
  while i dislike them , naqshbandi order is dominant in much of the turkic world and has had a hand in preventing salafists from gaining momentum in turkey . 
  i think they are also working to prevent syrian refugees from getting in the hands of salafist and even working in the refugee camps . 
  there are also sufi orders with millions of adherents in north africa . 
  not saying sufis ca n't be a trouble but anything is better than terrorism and people exploding themselves . 
  worst case would be if they could unite muslims and give them more political weight . 
  but i do n't think any of the other solutions , including not doing anything , would be better . 
   i 'm curious if salafism going underground will deter terrorism or not . 
  it wo n't work . 
  salafists are exploiting an already existing demand . 
  to stop salafism , you need to build an alternative establishment that muslims can go to . 
  [ melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek ] ( https://twitter.com/06melihgokcek ) ( erdo\u011fan is more dangerous but this guy is something else . 
  do n't want to imagine what would happen to us if he was the president . . ), 
  it is on the back . 
  some show up in the front because of too much ink . 
  most alevis are ethnic turks as well . 
  being a different sect than the majority does n't change ones ethnicity . 
   `` kazakh yeli '' that sound cool . 
  i wish we could change ours to t\u00fcrkeli or o\u011fuzeli . 
   which establishes intent to be honest , i am not convinced at this . 
  but i remember reading before that the court used such interpretation to declare the intent . 
  so maybe you are right . 
  just to be clear , i would consider this depiction as valid interpretation considering the events ( albeit a rough one ) ;  ottoman empire wanted armenians to get out of its way and did n't care what happened to them in the process . 
  i think such interpretation would n't fit the intent part of the definition . 
  my interpretation is that ;  ottoman empire wanted armenians to get out of its way and acted to make sure they never get in its way again . 
  thus intended at least partial destruction of armenian nation . 
  i do n't have anything else to say against this . 
  i agree with other parts . 
  thank you for the discussion . 
   it 's relevant because a group of people that is institutionally discriminated is the victim while the other is the oppressor , it 's pretty clear-cut . 
  i disagree . 
  even if they were privileged citizens , classification of what happened would n't change . 
  and no , it is not clear cut at all . 
  at least not as clear-cut as the genocide in srebrenica . 
  armenians using guerilla warfare , committing massacres and joining russians is a thing . 
   fortunately , your opinion is n't what decides the meaning of genocide , people like raphael lemkin do . 
  yes , and regardless of whether it was genocide or not , my position stays same . 
  you wo n't find any apology unless you are ready to give same to those were killed ( or more specifically burned ) by your people . 
  ( edit : just to be clear i am talking about either official or widespread informal apology . ), 
   there 's your problem , you do n't have enough information . 
  what happened in the balkans is completely irrelevant and i see this whataboutism all the time from turks . 
  how is that whataboutism ? 
  whataboutism is a defense with an unrelated issue against criticism . 
  i merely said that i am wary about accepting such claims ( '' . . defences against turkish orders of deportation ... are ** retrospectively depicted as armenian rebellions ** ... '' ) so easily because the implications are quite far reaching . 
  there being an actual rebellion or not is very important and what happened balkans is quite relevant to the motive and possible continuation of how such rebellion might end .
