  i am tired of western hypocrisy and their demands from us while completely ignoring our circumstances . 
  it is good to see them screaming and kicking as they taste their own medicine . 
  i have a small correction to make , not really important but still . .  turkmenistan tribes they are * turkmen tribes * not * turkmenistan tribes * . 
  turkmen of syria/iraq and turkmen of turkmenistan are different branches of turks with different turkish dialects . 
  [ they are a lot closer to anatolian turks and azerbaijani turks compared to turkmenistan turks . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_languages#members ) turkmen is also used as another term for turks . 
  it literally means `` i am turk '' or sometimes `` turkic people '' . 
   you say turkish are stopping the migrants from coming , yet you claim only way europeans can stop them is lethal force . 
  refugees are either living in camps , border towns or spread across cities towards the west . 
  many see that they have no future in turkey and since the war continues , they want to move towards europe . 
  we are preventing them from moving and provide food and housing . 
  what i mean by stopping is not standing in front of them but forcing them to be spread out so we can deal with them easily . 
  all these things cost money and create problems across turkey . 
  if we stopped preventing them from moving , they would move to thracia by themselves without us doing anything . 
  thracia is a small place , maybe you can deal with few thousands of them but hundred thousands ? 
  if we just do nothing , they will reach critical mass very quickly . 
  how many police are there in greece and bulgaria combined anyway ? 
  ( edit : [ ~ 100.000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_number_of_police_officers ) ) at some point walls , and police stopping them will be impossible . 
  edit : also controlling land borders are a lot easier when both sides do it . 
  in turkey , things sometimes stop working whenever it is in government 's interests for it to stop . 
  i do not support this kind of thing but it happens frequently and will probably happen if erdogan ca n't agree with eu . 
   do you posses some super secret non-lethal magic that stops them that europe does not have ? 
  you can do same thing as us and spread them across a large territory . 
  only place to do it is in balkans . 
  but since balkan countries are not just one country , it would be very hard ( and expensive ) to coordinate them . 
  and as you can see , they are unhappy even with refugees passing through . 
  they would never accept to host them for years . 
  problem with eu is they are united only in theory and things work well only when they cooperate . 
  these are just my thoughts , i am not an expert . 
   the land border can be protected if necessary . 
  it wo n't be pretty , but it will happen if it comes to that . 
  and the dead bodies will be piling up on turkey 's side . 
   this is a lose-lose proposition . 
  let us hope it does n't come down to that . 
  they will not shoot at civilians period . 
  we should be clear on this , anyone that dares to will be blacksheep that everything will be blamed on . 
  if a million people come a million people will pass unless they can be stopped without fatalities ( impossible ) . 
  this is not a lose-lose for us . 
  we are already losing , dumping the problem on you only normal since we have no real legal responsibility on this matter . 
  and sending them back to syria would be certainly illegal . 
  sure you also do n't have any responsibility , so feel free to push it into another in domino effect . 
  considering those people want to go to europe not russia , it will fall on you anyway . 
  consider this a natural disaster . 
   this is wrong , do n't fall for the propaganda . 
  noone is going to deny you use of your beaches or national airspace . 
  i exaggerated thinking it would be obvious ( should have added / s ) . 
  but it is not far from reality either . 
  some islands are just too close . 
  you do n't just get to increase your air/naval borders unilaterally . 
   note that the greek media distinguishes between airspace infractions ( of disputed airspace ) and violations ( of undisputed airspace , for example west of chios or over the cyclades ) . 
  the former are more common , but the latter still occur . 
  i am glad it is differentiated but i wonder how many of those * violations * happen on disputed islands . 
  these kinds of violations are useful to remind people that we still have claims on them , weak claims or not . 
  i do n't think this would happen via sea . 
  land border is closed because turkey is stopping them . 
  but if we stopped doing it , and also dumped hundreds of thousands of people to thracia . 
  no one would be able to stop those refugees . 
  fences mean nothing , they would just walk through it all . 
  only way to stop them is by using lethal force . 
  and let 's be clear , no one will do it . 
  europe would be breaking pretty a lot of their own laws if they did it . 
  pretty much every turk actually supports this . 
  if erdogan did it , he would n't face any problem domestically . 
  we already did more than our share and eu will do it too , one way or another . 
  as a turk , i would support this wholeheartedly . 
  we reject to be eu 's buffer state that will protect them in our expense . 
  note : also that airspace is disputed , it is not greek airspace . 
  read on this issue and you will find our position on this is not really weak . 
  if we followed the law completely , we would n't be able to use our beaches , lol . 
  they are all considered ` visitors ' . 
  we ca n't take so many legal refugees . 
  they have too many rights and standards for responsibilities are impossible to keep up . 
  few thousand people coming from europe is fine but millions ? 
  i think merkel is going to talk with davutoglu about this tomorrow . 
  taking refugees directly that is . 
  unlike others greeks have a direct continuity from roman empire . 
  after western part was lost , roman empire changed as time passed and hellenised ( greek became administrative language ) . 
  but by then populace had been considering themselves as romans for a long time . 
  there is actually a story about this ( hellenes ) that i remember . 
  it was very interesting . 
  here i found an excerpt :  when the island was occupied by greek navy [ in 1912 ] , greek soldiers were sent to villages and stationed themselves in the public squares . 
  some of us children ran to see what these greek soldiers , these hellenes , looked like . 
  `` what are you looking at ? '', 
  one of them asked . 
  `` at hellenes , '' we replied . 
  `` are you not hellenes yourselves ? '' he retorted . 
  `` no , we are romans '' . ^ [ source ] ( https://books.google.com.tr/books?id=iws0lh57nvwc&amp;lpg=pp1&amp;pg=pa42#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ), 
  no , not ` nee '' but just a long ` y ' . 
  turkish is quite phonetic , you just read it as you write . 
  i do n't know why my people even tried to get rid of that name . 
  sure , i understand it politically but it is kind of impossible to get rid of greek/roman influence . 
  just too many names to change . 
  hell , it is not like '' \u0130stanbul '' is actually turkish . 
  and why change it after centuries when we can use both of them . 
  i understand that kostantiniyye , istanbul and islambol ( literally means `` lots of islam '' . 
  kind of cringey ) was most used names for the city . 
  imho such a big and ancient city deserves to have many names ( and legends , etc. ), 
   konstantinople it was kostantiniyye in turkish and it sounds awesome . 
  i wish we could accept it as an alternate name . 
  every province in turkey is tied to a city and named after it ( there are some exceptions but it is usually true . ),
