  if this is condemning , i wonder what their support will look like . 
   instead of wasting my time trying to spread `` propaganda '' around to people who 's opinion should n't matter on that topic . 
  for a while now , i had little habit of checking userpages of people like you . 
  ctrl-f + `` turk '' . 
  94 results in first page . 
  scroll down until end , 800 results and from what i can see only hostile stuff . 
  no one healthy would spend so much time on turks . 
  you are doing a textbook example of spreading propaganda . 
  to where ? 
  europe does n't want them . 
  if we send them back to syria/afghanistan , it would be sending them to die . 
  which even if we were willing to do it , european countries would n't shut up about muh human rights . . 
  i doubt georgia , armenia , azerbaijan and iran would accept them . 
  so , what is left ? 
  sea ? 
  edit : also i do n't see anything about them being deported in this article . 
  they are being relocated to migrant camps . 
   what people condemn is that turks killed hundreds of thousands of innocent people , notably children , who under no condition could be a part of the `` rebellion '' . 
   also , even if there were armenian `` bandits '' , how does this give turks a right to kill a 2 year old child ? 
  and why do you mention this ? 
  the post does n't include anything ( for or against ) about armenian genocide . 
  it is only about turks killed by armenians which is usually being ignored . 
  and the post was originally from / r/turkey to remind turkish users to also remember ones killed by armenians in addition to ones in balkans . 
  thus not a defense against armenian genocide . 
  i do n't see how armenian children being killed are anyhow relevant . 
  can we not simply remind each other about how many of our people were killed by armenians , mourn our loss and condemn the perpetrators ? 
  does it always have to be about the losses of armenians ? 
  another thing is , when someone mentions about turks being killed in any thread about armenian genocide , they are attacked for trying to downplay the events . 
  i have seen people getting banned simply for talking against this . 
  even i , as someone who consider the 1915 events as a genocide , was literally forced to put disclaimer to my post to repeat my position . 
  and got repeatedly attacked despite saying it again and again . 
  i am looking at this events and assuming those primary sources are not lying , it fits the definition of genocide , no ? 
   any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : - a national , ethnical , racial or religious group : turks ; check . 
  - intent to destroy : killing those people simply for being turks ; check . 
  - in whole or in part : all turks they could get their hands on ; check . 
  - perpetrated systematically by a group thus the perpetrator is clear ; check , - against non-combatants thus not an act of war ; check . 
  - genocide is not about numbers ; check . 
  so how is what you are doing not downplaying a genocide ? 
  or simply genocide denial ? 
  --------------------- ok , since i gave my answer ; seeing that i have given you - karma ( which is something rare for me ) ; 1 - open the profile 2 - cmd + f 3 - `` turk '' 4 - 123 result in the first page . 
  and nothing else . 
  5 - continue to see if there is anything else 6 - 10 pages and 827 results . 
  a whole year of turk bashing in a 1 year old account . 
  do you have a script for finding turkish related posts ? 
  because i see you in nearly all turkey related posts , doing nothing but insulting . 
  you realize this is not healthy right ? 
  you are , i think , the tenth user i have seen who simply reddits to attack turks . 
  is n't this racism ? 
  [ back then , a jazz association from us actually applied to make it into a dance hall . 
  it was our heritage as the greatest of the spoils . 
  i mean , why would we feel connected to it in same a greek is ? 
  we did n't build it , we won it in a fucking war . 
  it is a trophy . 
  it 's value comes from it being a spit in the eyes of any who claim istanbul . 
  if we lose it , then it becomes someone elses trophy and worse , their trophy of winning against us . 
  nothing but a humiliation . 
  hagia sophia has always been the imperial mosque and most sultans did their prayers there . 
  i wanted to increase the war exhaustion thus unrest . 
  i am not really clear on the game mechanics but i also hoped it would make rest of the war exhaustion go up faster . 
  thanks . 
  i remember a ming player doing that in one of the past / r/europe games . 
  oh , sorry i did n't realize `` nation ruining '' was a specific term . 
  i actually meant that as being `` ganged up '' . 
  i guess we were talking over each other . 
  i did n't mean to destroy my nation or anything . 
  i tried to use damaging actions to slow them down . 
  may i ask , what exactly does that include ? 
  i mean what actions are considered as `` nation ruining '' ? 
   hope i see you next session as another country  of course , 
  sweden ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  it was like this ; hamengeri : morocco -  poland ohnoblue : andalusia -  bohemia dreadcheese : tunis -  austria dot : mamluks -  lithuania i think i guessed it quite right . 
  and i am also in the discord so i saw anima asking to take ere . 
  i think i have quite keen eye for details   and btw , this is why people want to ban nation ruining.to prevent such dick moves . 
  sorry , but it 's just plain annoying and toxic . 
  i do n't really mind coalition against the biggest danger . 
  my problem is that all my attempts to broker a peace were rejected without much reasoning . 
  i even offered to leave europe completely alone with not even taking single suspicious step . 
  i fail to what else anyone could do . 
  i checked the ledger to see starting armies for these nations and it 's something like 140k vs 25k . 
  and that 's discounting minor nations . 
  only way to win was enlisting all other eastern players . 
  mamluks ( which was part of your coalition ) , timurids , qara . 
  that 's kinda impossible . 
  it 's like playing a 4p game with other 3 players having already decided the results . 
  i do n't think this is how games should be played . 
  anyway , it does n't matter since , as i said , it was fun and exciting . 
  let do it again in the next game . 
  just watched bit of the stream to learn what happened in other players . 
  and it seems people did n't get why i did those release vassal stuff . 
  i would like to explain myself and give my reasoning as to why it could have been good strategy . 
  ( / u/hajutze here ) i was honestly expecting to play as hosokawa since the excel sheet showed it like that . 
  so when i discovered i got ottomans , it was kinda late to strategize . 
  i expected a coalition so asked few `` helpful spirits '' and they confirmed it some of coalition members . 
  but i did n't expect so many big powers joining it . 
  now , no one really told me the exact coalition but looking at the excel sheet and seeing how so many of them played nations close to each other in last game ( morocco , andalusia , tunis , mamluks ) , i connected the dots . 
  some of those did n't really have any reason to attack me . 
  so i tried to reason with them but it seems they did n't do it because it would be beneficial but for `` roleplay '' reasons . 
  as if those nation ever really cared for ere in real history . 
  i tried to offer them complete peace and no movement into europe but all i got was `` sorry '' , silence and `` deus vult '' .
