  i tried to enlist eastern powers but they did n't want suicide with me . 
  ( imho this is literally ~ ~ nation ruining ~ ~ * fucking up another player 's game . 
  it is also very rude . ), 
  at this point i did n't really have much choice . 
  i could just give up and choose another nation but , meh , that 's pathetic . 
  so i did what i only could , i tried to make it as hard for my enemies as possible . 
  in the last game i was qara and timurid rebels fucked up my army very badly during the game . 
  so i wanted to do something like that . 
  i also did n't want to give them lands they want . 
  after few trials in sp , i realized scutage prevent your vassals from being annexed in a war . 
  thats why i released bulgaria . 
  so that hungary and poland would n't be able to gain anything . 
  i wanted to release epirus and give it balkans to prevent ere but i realized the force limit penalty for having vassals too late . 
  i also planned to fuck up my nation and generate rebels when war started . 
  but it seems ottomans are too stable for that shit . 
  the reason i attacked the knights was to finish one of them before the coalition started . 
  in the first startup which failed , the knights actually had allies so i could n't attack him . 
  but after restart , it seems they forgot to ally the knights . 
  his only ally was byzantium and i wondered if the byzantium player might join the war by mistake . 
  it would have been great so i tried it . 
  then the game crashed and the knights player did n't join . 
  since i did n't really need the land , i just white peaced . 
  but after learning , the player joined in the next break . 
  fucking knights , they were always sneaky ... 
  if i had enough time to test it before the game , i am sure i could do it . 
  if we have priority for veterans in the next game , i will do it 10 times better . 
  imho given smart strategy , ottomans can actually take so many enemies with them . 
  it might not win , but it can turn it into pyrrhic victory . 
  ( if lithuanian , bohemian and byzantium armies were to be destroyed . 
  it would be a good lesson . ), 
  i also made mistakes . 
  for example , i expected them to move quickly against me but they actually waited until the truce ended . 
  i could have taken advantage of this and declared war first . 
  stability hit is actually exactly what you want when you need to generate rebels . 
  i could have devastated byzantium and quickly moved to one of the others and make sure their army is destroyed . 
  it could also fuck up their coordination . 
  just like how it happened when one of them fucked up and attacked against me across straits . 
  edit : by the way it was actually fun . 
  like playing zombie survival in eu4 : / edit2 : * did n't realize `` nation ruining '' was a specific term . 
  [ this is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jtljl_bdos ) the one right ? 
  have n't seen it before it seems quite interesting . 
  a look at istanbul from the other side . 
   it 's truncated i got it from certificate screen of chrome . 
  here is the one from safari :  sha-256 : 05 7a a6 b4 58 fd 66 b7 f1 a0 72 2b 2e 0c 9e 08 be a1 76 6c 77 85 43 c0 99 01 7f 61 ff 65 7f 7e  sha-1 : 58 66 84 ef 77 3e a0 b8 5f 23 38 73 cb 46 10 e8 d0 e0 8c b3 it seems www.wikipedia.org gives timeout . 
  it also opens in chrome few minutes later . 
  but i can access en.wikipedia.org . 
  ~ $ host en.wikipedia.org en.wikipedia.org has address 198.35.26.96 en.wikipedia.org has ipv6 address 2620:0:863 : ed1a : :1 opening `` 198.35.26.96 '' on chrome gives me a page with wikimedia logo ;  domain not configured this domain points to a wikimedia foundation server , but is not configured on this server . 
  i can access it but i am using dns . 
  here is the sha256 fingerprint : 05 7a a6 b4 58 fd 66 b7 f1 a0 72 2b 2e 0c 9e, 
  a while ago , i discovered an amazing documentary called [ balkan sesleri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plhiebjpguailmbgezkxf2y-kmzn2ds6we ) ( sounds of balkans ) . 
  it is about sufi music of balkans . 
  it is like an insider look at sufi orders . 
  especially ones in bosnia and kosovo . 
  it 's in mostly in turkish but since it 's about music , it does n't matter that much . 
  they even made 2 albums from those songs . 
  ( [ 1st ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plhiebjpguaikuqcz_obx23vzknqmlxsir ) & [ 2nd ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plhiebjpguailaqihzkghntpg6nrt81rpa ) ) they are pretty good on their own but watching it being performed is something else . 
   he 's a senior advisor lol , no . 
  he is a bootlicker . 
  every few months he says something outrageous like this and everyone goes crazy . 
  this is how he earns his place . 
  by being an attention whore . 
  once upon a time he was a critic of erdo\u011fan but did an u turn in like a day . 
  since then , everytime he opens his mouth , reaction is `` wtf ?! '', 
  no idea why but akp has dozens of these people . 
  all of them are crazy . 
  i think they are there to create alternate reality by making everyone else seem rational . 
   as long as erdogan does n't publicly rebuke him he never does . 
  only time he even come close to such a thing was just before referendum when mhp leader threatened to pull his support ( indirectly ) . 
  even then , he only said something like `` listen to the things i say , not anyone elses ''  secular turks in so much fucking denial it 's hilarious . 
  maybe you 'll tell us that the kemalist faction will storm to power in the next election ? 
  ... why passive aggressive ? 
  oh , come on . 
  yeah , he is an adviser to erdo\u011fan along with few dozen other bootlickers but that 's the extent of his importance . 
  this is the same guy who thinks people are trying to kill erdo\u011fan with telekinesis . 
  this is already embarrassing enough . 
  do n't give him even more spotlight . 
  dude , i literally wrote mere 2 comments . 
  what stubbornness ? 
  whether it is a weak claim or not is not my problem . 
  any country would pursue them if the advantage gained was worth it . 
  cool . 
  except we are not claiming anything over the frontiers or islands where our sovereignty is recognized . 
  we simply say that this treaty recognized our sovereignty on those islands by not giving them to either italians or greeks . 
  otherwise what is the point of listing all those islands and giving them to one or the other . 
  for example , i remember not seeing these islands being mentioned : koyun ( inusa ) antipsara hur\u015fit ( fymena ) fornoz ( furni ) anyway , regardless of the how strong it is , this is the claim and we continue pursuing them . 
  edit : i hope the translations were right . 
  edit2 : yes , i saw the 15th article and we recognize your sovereignty over those islands . 
  not really , that part affirms turkish sovereignty inside 3 miles . 
  thats all . 
  \u0130\u015fbu antla\u015fmada ayk\u0131r\u0131 bir h\u00fck\u00fcm bulunmad\u0131k\u00e7a , asya k\u0131y\u0131s\u0131ndan \u00fc\u00e7 milden az uzakl\u0131kta bulunan adalar , t\u00fcrk egemenli\u011fi alt\u0131nda kalacakt\u0131r . '' it specifies some islands and says that except for the ones under italians and unless there is any , all islands under 3 miles will be left under turkish sovereignty unless specified otherwise . 
  it certainly does n't mean turkey losing islands across 3 miles . 
  it does n't say greece getting all islands after 3 miles . 
  not all islands are named in that agreement . 
   nagorno-karabakh made peaceful democratic steps towards independence before it was attacked by azerbaijan , and defended itself . 
  then there was a ceasefire agreed by both sides . 
  it was and is part of azerbaijan . 
  they do n't have right to decide by themselves . 
   i will take random turkish nationalist internet warriors seriously i fail to see why my nationality is important . 
  yes , i am turkish but what i said has nothing to do with it  if they apply the same principles to north cyprus , kosovo , bosnia , croatia , slovenia etc. 
  i apply the same principles for everyone .
