  had you actually cared about it , you would have spoken about hundreds of greek historical sites that are actually in danger unlike hagia sophia . 
  but no , not even 1/1000th care is given to them . 
  and that is exactly my point about you people being hypocrites . 
  we are honest about what we are , we will continue to be so . 
   honestly it 's pointless to debate with someone that sees the hagia sophia as a spoil of war and as a `` trophy '' of conquering another civilization 's city . 
  you have zero respect for the building , for you it 's only something to fuel your warmongery . 
  `` look what we took from you !, 
  it 's ours now and it 's a mosque !, 
  suck it ! '', 
  it fully shows what i meant about the kind of message you 'd be sending out . 
  it 's sad really . 
  yes , i am completely open about it . 
  we will continue to remind those who claim what is ours , that they will never have them . 
  i actually respect many greeks because they are wary of us for correct reasons , unlike other europeans who do so because of racism . 
  --------- tbh we can continue this back and forth forever . 
  result will be this ; if you want to be respected , first deserve it by actions . 
  you can start by giving us an equal `` goodwill '' action instead of demands and shit . 
  considering the `` size and importance '' of hagia sophia , you should start with restoring at least a hundred ottoman sites ( mosques , shrines , tombs , etc. 
  you know `` random '' , `` irrelevant '' , etc. 
  should be easy . 
  then we can talk about respect . 
  so am i understanding it correctly that `` keeping '' it a mosque as its owner decided 600 years ago is being disrespectful ? 
  i fail to understand how keeping/making it a mosque causes a disrespect `` history and culture '' . 
  especially considering it was not a museum in our `` history and culture '' . 
  i guess it is only important when it comes to how it was in european history and culture . 
  place of hagia sophia in our history is as a trophy , the greatest of trophies . 
  it is the symbol of our ownership of istanbul , our victory against romans and making their achievements ours ( both for past ones and for others continued to be made under ottoman empire ) . 
  making it a museum ** is disrespecting our history , and our people that earned us hagia sophia with their blood ** '' as for blowing it up , destroying such a great building for no reason would be being stupid but it would still be in our rights . 
  but i would rather see it destroyed than to see it under hands of others . 
  it will be ours until the end of history . 
   but people would criticize you for it not cause it hurts christians but cause you 'd be a fucking mongrel to do that . 
  also no , they did and continue to watch and do nothing as our heritage in balkans get destroyed . 
  i have never heard of europeans complaining of ottoman heritage being left to disrepair or were made into something it was not meant to . 
  your country destroyed much more than what we destroyed of greek history . 
  we continue to , as our resources allows , restore ancient greek and roman sites . 
  whole turkey is still full of them . 
  yet where is the mosques in greece ? 
  so we get shit because we did n't destroy it beforehand and actually preserved it ? 
   turning the museum into a mosque just to prove a point send the entirely wrong message than what you think it does , but sure , go ahead . 
  what kind of message it would send , then ? 
  it really is funny how unrelated european organizations somehow coincidentally always focus on hagia sophia . 
  did you ever hear them complain about the state of ottoman and turkic heritage ? 
  are n't they also of `` historical and cultural '' value ? 
  but no , it is always about hagia sophia and no , it does n't have to do with being christians or etc. 
  caring about `` history and culture '' , my ass ... you people are such hypocrites . 
  maybe they are reacting to that ? 
   would be a shame if they again cover up the byzantine artwork , or god forbid destroy it . 
  i fail to see why people assume it will be removed and why it ca n't be covered with curtains . 
  there is no need to harm them and they would only need to be covered during prayers . 
  we had such technology 1000 years ago and i am sure we can do it easily right now . 
  i also fail to see why we should care for feelings of orthodox christians . 
  it is ours to do as we wish . 
  and of course , it is symbolic . 
  foreigners acting as if they have any right to what is ours is an insult . 
  and the fact that we continue to endure this , is fucking humiliating . 
  even if i thought it would be better to stay as museum ( as an act of goodwill ) , i would change my decision just to give middle finger to insolent whiners . 
   can become a mosque if the owner ( which i guess it 's the turk state ) decides to do so . 
  actually the state does n't have the ownership of hagia sophia . 
  it is still owned by the waqf ( fund ) created mehmet ii the conqueror . 
  he put hagia sophia under his private ownership after the conquest instead of the state ownership . 
  state barely have any right to manage hagia sophia and its estates and can only do so because all wakfs were put under collective management . 
  technically all those wakfs are still required to keep to the will of the person that created the wakf . 
  and afaik it specifically states hagia sophia is to be used as a mosque . 
  in addition , the order from the council of ministers which decided change to museum is also suspect . 
  the signature wrote `` k.atat\u00fcrk '' but was signed before mustafa kemal 's got the atat\u00fcrk surname legally . 
  ( something like that . 
  [ here is a discussion about it if you know turkish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvr9q_bbssk ) . 
  warning : it is long ) so hagia sophia is still legally a mosque but people are `` illegally '' prevented from prayers . 
  though it being used as a museum is not actually exclusive of it being used as a mosque . 
  to add to this no one other than turks has any right to speak against our decision . 
  orthodox christians could have some justification to ask for a goodwill but they lost it after what they have done to mosques/masjids/tekkes / shrines/tombs on the lands they gained from us . 
  catholics lost it after they looted ( literally everything , they even took parts of walls thinking it would heal them . 
  wtf ?! ), 
  and made prostitute sing on inside it . 
   i do n't care if you have orgies well , it would n't be the first time ... 
   am also sorry why are you sorry ? 
  did you do anything wrong ? 
  considering how so few turks joined such organizations from turkey and how so many people in proportion joined from european muslims ( except turks ) , it is already obvious that problem lies with the failure of their governments . 
  now they are attacking the only thing keeping salafism from spreading among turks . 
  yet none of them are offering any alternative . 
  few years later they will complain about `` turkish terrorism '' as if they had no hand in it . 
  which is exactly the same thing that created these monsters of salafi jihadists . 
  west meddling in middle east without taking responsibility . 
  solution to all these actually lies in the hands of us and europeans . 
  but they will never do what is necessary simply because alternative does n't benefit them as much . 
   ethnicity of the ruler does not determine that . 
  of course it does . 
  it is not the only thing that determines it but is an important part . 
  what determines being a turkish state is how much of the state apparatus was created and led by turks . 
  also how much turkic influence the state had . 
  many turkic ruled states from ottomans to safavids to mughals had quite a lot common with how they came to power and how their state apparatus worked . 
  population itself is not the main determinator . 
  indeed , it is not the citizens that create the state but the ones in power . 
  citizens merely participate . 
  fyi the first turkic state in middle east was tulunids . 
  afaik they literally minted coins calling their state turk . 
  ( i remember it mentioned by the prince abbas hilmi who , by the way , is of egyptian dynasty.whom are also turkic :p )  i mean we are not discussing his theological views here . 
  and i did n't say anything about theology . 
  founding ideology of safavid empire was based on safaviyya tariqah and also shia sect . 
  shah ismail who was a turk was the person solely responsible for decision to adopt shiism .
