  just parliament recognizing it does n't make it `` general consensus '' legally . 
  at least that 's what i can understand . 
  i am sure there are thousands legal technicalities and precedents . 
  edit : they should clarify this genocide definition and make it clear which events are genocide or not already . 
  if even the definition is controversial how can we know what is legal and what is not ? 
  i do n't know . 
  he denied it openly and still managed to win at european court of human rights . 
  i doubt it would be any different because germany is also bound by their rules , no ? 
  i guess europeans need [ another visit from our madman \\ ( do\u011fu perincek \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perin%c3%a7ek_v._switzerland ) to remind them of their own values they claim care so much about . 
  i am sure he will take the opportunity as it gave him great publicity before . 
  i wonder if he will rally some of the turks living there . 
  it would be a comedy if they actually sued hundreds of people for genocide denial and lose at court . 
  lol . 
  i actually wrote a long post explaining similar nuance and context about armenian genocide as well but i forgot to post is on my work computer . 
  i think your answer is fair enough . 
  and i ca n't really say much as i do n't really now much about either ww2 or its aftermath . 
  we pretty much isolated ourselves during that time so its not really relevant for us . 
  anyway , sorry if i came as too confrontational . 
  i understand but i must disagree . 
  i have given a clarification that i did n't mean to deny it . 
  but just because my words can be understood as a coming near denial , it unfair for it to be considered as a matter of fact . 
  sorry but , i shall continue to post things like this . 
  so , shall i put a long disclaimer to every post i make about controversial issues ? 
  ( disclaimer : i do n't deny genocides of armenian/greek/assyrian / circassian/ottoman muslims in balkans / azerbaijani/etc ) . 
   there are orders to deport and they have disregarded deaths this is factually correct . 
   never have i seen any order to kill them during deportation this is factually correct as well . 
  even if they intended to kill them ( which i believe they knew armenians would die but did n't care ) their implied thoughts can not be used in a court . 
  i must ask for the evidence and afaik it does n't exist . 
  ( either never existed or it was destroyed or it does n't matter as they bypassed official records with voiced orders . ), 
  i did n't do any genocide denial including the armenian genocide . 
  i only questioned its provability on court using the un definition . 
  the user i replied implied that un definition is accepted . 
  if so i would question why it 's not taken to the trial and proved conclusively . 
  so i ask you mr.mod , if un definition is the valid definition for genocide and ** there is a court using that definition ** , why is this not taken to the trial ? 
  in my opinion its because people use liberal definition of genocide , not un accepted one ( [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_convention#definition_of_genocide ) ) . 
  i think un should accept liberal definition and armenians should take turkey to the court so that we can finally put this matter behind . 
  this way we can also seek those who wronged us to the court and make them pay as well . 
  i ask you how is what i wrote here ( including my other posts ) breaks this rule ?!, 
  i ask this warning to be taken back because afaik i did n't break any rules . 
  just because i am a turk does n't mean i deny it and it unfair to be subject to prejudice . 
  no , that only explains why it happened not whether is moral or not . 
  here are some events that caused armenian deportation ; - death and persecutions against muslims in balkans and russia . 
  - armenian massacres against their muslims neighbours . 
  - prominent armenians openly calling for rebellion and working with great powers . 
  - disloyalty against state with many armenians helping russians . 
  - armenians rejecting to help ottoman army and rejecting to call their brethren in russia to side with ottomans . 
   yes , it is called consequences . 
  i like how you call out for greek , armenian and assyrian genocide but underplay what happened to germans . 
  when people you like die , they are `` genocided '' but when it happens to others they are `` persecuted '' , `` expulsed '' , `` evacuated '' , etc. 
  this whole hypocrisy is ridiculous . 
  come on and tell us about how what happened to greeks and armenians any different from events against germans and ottoman muslims ? 
  why does what happened to germans is called `` flight and expulsion of germans '' ? 
  why does what happened to ottomans is called `` persecution of ottoman muslims '' ? 
  why this double speak ? 
   you mean that germans should put stop to using that event to show how germans were also victioms of wwii ? 
  regardless of german crimes during holocaust , why should they stop if they were also wronged ? 
  is there some criteria for calling death of hundreds thousands germans is simply okay ? 
   armenian minorities living for example in ottoman empire murdered their neighbours . 
  armenian militias that was made of armenian minorities conducted those murders . 
  i fixed it for you . 
  but i guess you do n't give a shit about death of turks as well . 
   other thing is that in case of poland many people were also forced to move west and leave their homes in eastern territories that were annexed by ussr . 
  how does it justify death of germans ? 
  if you are wronged by ussr , go and ask them to apologize . 
  note : i think what happened to armenians in 1915 can be considered a genocide ( albeit hard to prove at court ) and hamidiye massacres were certainly genocide . 
  but hypocrisy of same people who want us to accept genocide is disgusting . 
  are you sure about turkey ? 
  afaik , you have to go and apply to get a donor card for your organs to be taken . 
   motherfucking live stream of earth from space !, 
  this is amazing . 
  afaik we also used to drink coffee and tea only became popular in last century . 
  its because we lost yemen and coffee became a lot more expensive . 
  and when they found that black sea region is ideal for growing tea , they went ahead to develop the region . 
  nowadays turkish coffee is something that 's served in when people visit your house ( including special occasions like when family of groom comes to ask the permission from family of the bride . ), 
  or in restaurants . 
  interestingly , we have these places that middle-aged men hangout and drink tea but they are called `` kahvehane '' ( coffeehouse ) . 
  can confirm , i am horrified . 
  has it ever been anything but ? 
  we wanted to get into eu for benefits it would bring . 
  it seems like by the time they are ready to accept us , there will only be disadvantages left . 
  they should give us an honest answer ( rejection ) so that we can stop with this foolish quest . 
  me as well ... 
  prayers are arabic in turkey as well but i do n't know anyone that actually knows arabic other than imams . 
  people recite arabic prayers ( parts of quran ) from memory but most only read about their meaning a few times in their life . 
  people just mix their own prayer in turkish . 
  there are so many ruins in turkey , there is not enough resources to restore them all . 
  just in my hometown antalya there are more than 100 ancient settlements . 
  ( [ here is a map for them ] ( http://www.arkitera.com/haber/25180/antalya-antik-kent-haritasi ) ) until recently we have n't had enough resources to spare money at things like restoration . 
  most historical sites in turkey got neglected for a long time . 
  unsurprisingly protecting ottoman era historical sites are the bigger priority for this job . 
  well , we must start somewhere . 
  you sure they banned it only a month ago ? 
  2 months ago we arranged a driver for taking us somewhere and found out he was actually an uber driver . 
  in the middle of journey , police stopped the car and asked us ( passengers ) if we used uber for this . 
  i distinctly remember driver saying , even if they fined him uber would pay the fine . 
  i think such practices must be punished , and uber should stay banned . 
  we already have a local alternative called bitaksi and i hope new ones pop out as well . 
  i understand inconvenience caused by such bannings but these global companies that reject to pay local taxes should be banned and anyone that works with them fined heavily . 
  this is the only way to force them to change their way . 
  what is the point of the state if they are not allowed to regulate what is happening inside the country .
