  if you want land , you have two choices . 
  one , you go and ask for a trade and other side accepts . 
  second , you go and fight for it ** with honor ** , continue until other side gives up and it is yours . 
  ( of course , it does n't mean i am not going to help the side that 's in wrong . 
  if our relations are close enough , i would stand with them regardless . 
  but i would n't lie about the result . 
  in the case of cyprus , other side did n't accept the result thus north cyprus is not really sovereign yet . 
  but if they want to be , then they will have our help . 
  i also would not blame an armenian for standing with his people . ), 
  anyway , azerbaijan has n't accepted karabagh as independent , thus the fight goes on . 
   and , you know , half of armenia that is occupied by `` turkey '' . 
  same is true for eastern turkey . 
  anyone that wishes can always come and try to take it . 
  you do n't even need to have a claim on it . 
  just desire is enough . 
  if they do so in a honorable way , we would actually respect them . 
  but it should be known that we do n't give up land without fighting for it . 
  yes , there is a `` ceasefire '' but war can continue if ceasefire does n't end with both sides coming to an agreement . 
   other osce members always clarify there is no military solution to this conflict their clarification show their intention and hopes . 
  i , too , would like this ending with a peaceful agreement but it does n't mean this option will continue to be on the table forever . 
  you ca n't just win few rounds then stop and act as if others should accept you as the winner . 
  this will end when both sides willingly agree on something or be forced to . 
  i hope armenia stops dragging feet because they will not get the agreement they hope . 
  and as time passes , scales continue to tip in favor of azerbaijan . 
   you 're a perfect exemplar of constant turkish war rhetoric . 
  i am not among the ones that will decide how this ends . 
  how my rhetoric is seen is unimportant . 
  but surely , as a turk , i am ready to stand behind our brothers . 
  at least as much as my power allows , which is a simple vote . 
  i do n't give a shit about this man but . .  he has also repeatedly threatened armenia with war . 
  they are already at war . 
  and so long as armenia does n't give back azerbaijani territories back , it wo n't end . 
  i also do n't see anything wrong with his statement . 
  when someone takes over your land , it is perfectly reasonable to have a `` war '' . 
  there was a tariqah ( with origins in africa ) that decided to protest against secularism by destroying statues of atat\u00fcrk . 
  they made that law to stop it . 
  what ? 
  why does our music suck ? 
  imho our music is pretty amazing . 
  i guess it depends on the type . 
  first approach ( assimilation ) and second ( creating representative ) is quite different . 
  and i think you will find yourselves choosing between one or the other . 
  at least for the short term . 
   again , we did n't do that with islam , now we have the problems . 
  i think such establishments that create representative body is a good idea . 
  i think it is also bad for muslims to be so divided which allows their complaints to go unnoticed and exploited by others . 
  reality is that people who are not part of this religion changing things with good will or in hope of gaining votes is not same as having a structured approach . 
  but you will have to accept that these people are at least a subcultural group and have different traditions which require respect . 
  i do n't think forceful assimilation is something that is going to work especially with different religion . 
  this is also the ottoman approach to different religious groups . 
  creating representatives and integrating them into administrative while allowing them to keep their identity . 
  different cultures completely mixing with each other without big problems is quite troublesome . 
  by the way , we turks also have same cultural approach regarding who we are . 
  what matters is for us is for people to call themselves turks . 
  if they accept us as their own , we accept them so as well . 
  we even have few thousands of [ afro turks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afro_turks ) . 
   calling mohammedanism islam is very offensive lol . 
  i wrote this to your other post but it seems it was removed . 
  i disagree . 
  ikhwani ( muslim brotherhood ) islamism is simply political islam . 
  most people who consider islam having say in politics are not terrorists as well . 
  and afaik ikhwan adheres to established sunni laws . 
  ones that explode themselves are salafists . 
  ones that declare other muslims infidels are salafists . 
  yes , most salafists are peaceful people but their ideas open of the box of pandora with no restraint . 
  that is the problem and as a ideology , it should be pacified . 
  same way khawarij was handled by the orthodox muslims . 
  by rejecting them as one of them . 
  by denying them using the hanbali school as their shield and clearly differentiating them . 
  by crippling the states ( primarily saudis ) that support this ideology . 
  there are acceptable and there are unacceptable . 
  salafism is with one foot inside the unacceptable . 
  it is about time , this is clarified . 
   you can be sure gulenists have been telling all manner of western governments this and increased their efforts with the new increased manpower they 've got by their fleeing numbers from turkey . 
  but gulenists are not even sufis . 
  they are a new political/religious movement . 
  they are something similar to scientology . 
  sufis i am talking about are ones that continue hundreds years old traditions and literally `` paths '' one can choose if they wish to explore islam in detail . 
  and what gulenists do or want is not my problem . 
  my view towards them is same as other parasitic sects . 
  ( well , as a turk , i see them as betrayers . ), 
  those that exploit people for their own ends using lies should be punished . 
   these people can get a bit more secularized & integrated and not listen to anyone who tells them what god really wants them to be . 
  i mean , that 's a possibility nobody mentions . 
  it 's always saudis manipulate them in this way , let 's manipulate them in that other way . 
  you can not secularize them against their wishes . 
  salafists can only reach out to those muslims because there is already a demand from young people wanting to be more involved in their religion . 
  if muslims in europe did n't feel any need , they would go to ngos for their social sensibilities . 
  question you need to answer is how can you make people care less about their religion ? 
  there are few ways to do it and most of them are quite distasteful . 
  and very very hard to do without breaking basic human rights . 
  even then it might not work . 
  if you are dreaming about some ideology that encourages integration/secularization , imho you will find nothing people would willingly follow . 
  it is simply do not answer any of their problems in a way they would be happy . 
   these people are not flocks of sheep looking for shepherds . 
  if the societies they exist in think and act as though they are this special kind of sheep then that approach itself is a problem and needs to be recognized as such . 
  they are people , living in a place where their religion is not accepted thus they feel their lack of it more clearly . 
  they are people wishing to be better muslims but can not find established movements they can reach . 
  calling them sheep is such a generalizing thing . 
  are people following political ideologies also sheeps ?
