   our struggle for independence and then ending up as the most tolerant , wealthiest and powerful nation in europe for nearly a century if by `` tolerant '' you mean exploiting native indonesians and trading slaves to brazil , sure . 
  even if it was the status quo at the time , i would n't be proud of it . 
  hey hey , no name calling . 
  of course he may accuse you of having an agenda , just as you may accuse him . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're both biased ( good luck being 100 % unbiased in this anyway ) . 
  the source code better be checked daily to avoid a hacker in china making the eu declare war on the us . 
  i soooo would n't mind eu tax money going to the makers of this to make it for other european countries as well . 
  of course . 
  i never meant to say that you 're wrong with what you said . 
  i just noticed how the two of you were talking about different things , without really commenting on each other , but rather reiterating what you said . 
  w\u00fcrst can burn . 
  human outer-layers are no different . 
  this . 
  give this ( wo ) man more upvotes . 
  if i understand correctly , he 's merely showing how quickly culture can change , by making a parallel with ex-soviet countries . 
  before 1990 it was n't tolerated , now in some countries it is . 
  within 25 years such a change occured . 
  similarly , before the first sexual revolution , they were n't tolerated in the west either . 
  i 'm guessing he feels like you 're assuming the saudi culture will remain the way it is . 
  you never said so , but in between the lines i read such an assumption and i 'm guessing he did too . 
  now i might be wrong about it , but it 's a `` mistake '' people often make : they believe their culture can change , but others can not . 
  this `` mistake '' is often made unconciously , though . 
  once you start to think about it , you 'll realize that just as the western culture has changed , so might the saudi . 
  but they , too , have to make a selection to show on their site/channel . 
  do they tell about a car crash in india ? 
  do they tell about a depressed pilot committing suicide and taking 150 others with it ? 
  yes . 
  do they tell about `` the little green men '' in ukraine ? 
  yes . 
  do they spend just as much time on the ordeal in ukraine as they do boko haram ? 
  `` hello applicant , please fill in this form . 
  oh , i see you are just male ? 
  sorry , all the male spots are filled , so you do n't get the job '' . 
  that 's pretty much the textbook definition of sexism ... promoted by the eu ? 
  because of their gender policy ? 
  it 's called positive discrimination and it 's meant to break current ratios between male/female in the executive board and/or science-related studies . 
  i 've heard mostly positive remarks about that , so why not about this ? 
  in case one of the other comments was n't clear : albania . 
  let 's not talk about per capita , right ? 
  does that make you the villain bot ? 
  well , i can not really say much against this , haha . 
  the only argument i can still give in his favour is that , although his idea may not be new ( and perhaps concluded to be awful after debate , though not proven ) - it might still be new to him . 
  if i were a kid and i came with an idea , i 'd rather have people explain to my why my idea is bad rather than people laughing at me . 
  i 'm not making any assumptions about his age , but the idea might still be new to him . 
  of course . 
  but it should be done consistently , then . 
  regarding him stating an opinion without arguments , that is often done . 
  but in these cases the popular ones get upvotes and the unpopular get downvotes . 
  if you think about it , you know that this much is true . 
  and that 's not how reddit is intended to be . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with him , but why are you downvoting him ? 
  he committed no offense . 
  if you really downvoted him for disagreeing with him , then also be so honest and report yourself to the moderators for violating reddit rules . 
  edit : this was to all people downvoting you . 
  i just want to say ... nice !, 
  but are personnel able to see the front which states your country ? 
  at which russia would say `` those are not terrorists . 
  they are fighting for their right to self-determination . '', 
  - they 'll find a way . 
  unsc vetos are not rare to them . 
  but are they able to hold a conversation ? 
  and if so , in russian ? 
  i still hear my parents sometimes telling me how much something is in guilders . 
  nevermind the fact that value of the euro has changed in the last 15 years . 
  dutch !, 
  obviously !, 
  we may speak 3.2 languages on average , but who 's to say that includes english , huh ? 
  i bet you never thought of that !, 
  dutch junkies made it to norway ? 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  why do they even show that picture in the first place ? 
  the second picture shows the actual exchange rate . 
  i must say , that graph looks very much like a periodic function . 
  they 're claiming back bikes . 
  change our trains into german ones and i 'm happy . 
  do you have * that * many politicians ? 
  i 'm not sure if estonia was really an `` ally '' as much as a puppet . 
  you 're magician !, 
  first you 're medic , now you 're an odd-coloured finish line !, 
  edit : nevermind , you changed your flag again :(, 
  furthermore , if greece can get out of the trouble without having to leave the euro , it 'll be tremendous for the euro as well . 
  it 'll show that it has what it takes to be an actual global currency . 
  and see my nod of approval . 
  see top comment here : http://www.iiea.com/files/admin/image/infographics/effective_eu_corporate_tax_rates.jpg, 
  got ta love them fountains . 
  hey , you were making a point that i was not replying to everything , so i did just that :p . you 're right about that you invested 3 years in nursing . 
  i 'm not sure what it 's like over there , but over here the payment they get is already relatively low , and they 're considering making no changes ( to compensate for inflation ) in the next couple of years to lower expenses ( health care is the biggest expense over here ) . 
  their income way `` okay '' , but it 'll get worse . 
  as for librarian , i do n't actually know what the ratio of men : women therein is . 
  do you ? 
  but yes , as a librarian you generally have more chances ... to become to do simple administrative desk work . 
  good for an income , useless for a career . 
  with engineering , if you end up in an alternative sector ( say business ) , you 'll have more chances of still going higher up . 
  in fact , in my study of physics , 60 % actually goes to the business sector . 
  well , i took the 9:1 from / u/anttiosk , actually . 
  anyway , i guess it seems i will not get my point across . 
  i 'm not talking about being forced , i 'm talking about subtle factors . 
  i 'm talking about men , when asked what job they have and they say nursing having to explain that `` they like to take care of people '' , whereas women do n't have to explain anything . 
  i 'm talking about all the girls i meet at open days at my university who are interested in studying physics , and when asked what their considerations are , they say that they like it but `` there are too many men and too little women '' . 
  sure , they still have the choice to go and study physics ... but the fact that there are so few women studying it , makes it less attractive for other women to study .
