  fluent : - dutch - english able to a survive in a foreign country with : - german - spanish currently improving : - portuguese on hold but with quite a base : - french of which i have some knowledge and would like to improve one day : - swedish - japanese - russian - chinese -------- my dutch is obviously fluent due to living in the netherlands . 
  my english is fluent due to it being the main language in which i consume media and interact with online . 
  my spanish is at this level due to an exchange semester to buenos aires . 
  my german is such due to the similarities with dutch and my girlfriend living in germany for a year . 
  my portuguese i 'm learning through the similarities with spanish , and i 'm learning it because my girlfriend is from brazil . 
  i 've had 6 years of french at school , so i ought to know some french . 
  just do n't place me in france , they speak way too quickly . 
  i 've learned some swedish from swedish-speaking finns . 
  i 'd like to improve it because nordic . 
  i learned sone russian through interpals.net , and i 'd like to improve because it seems to contain an interesting culture and history . 
  i learned some japanese due to watching too much anime , and i 'd like to improve it further one day because it still seems like an interesting country . 
  i learned a few chinese words , but plan to learn way more , because of its increasing influence in the world . 
  is there an xkcd comic about what you just said ? 
  if not , how long before there will ? 
  getting ready to be incorporated in our country , i see  . 
  did i say that out loud ? 
  cool !, 
  it 's nice to see our countries working together . 
  i hope that in the end it will not be at the cost of rotterdam , though . 
  meanwhile over here i see as many european or dutch as i see foreign flags ( except for during national holidays / football championships ) . 
  i still like 1 worm for every 20 snails i see . 
  second step : stop adding weird parentheses to indicate happiness ) ) ) or sadness ( ( ( ( like russian do ? 
  seriously , they have eu flags there : o ? 
  we even share the last remaining places in which that silly frisisn language is spoken !, 
  i never even knew this was `` a thing '' , wearing white to show opposition . 
  because china 's economy still grows with 8 % + per year and still many people are lifted out of poverty ? 
  a germ recognizing our football rivalry :'d . 
  yeah . 
  as a whitey i got mugged twice . 
  when i told people about the individual incidents , the first question was `` are you okay ? 
  '' , then half of the people followed that up with `` was it a morrocan ? '' . 
  in fact , no . 
  white folk twice . 
  well , i 'm not from luxembourg :p . and c'mon , i only joking and making a point that we do n't have such a thing in the netherlands . 
  i 'm so glad that the majority of europe is irreligious , because , as you state , religion is bad . 
  wait what ? 
  the majority is christian ? 
  oh ... well , i 'm so glad that christianity communities have always been loving of other cultures , homosexuality and non-religious people . 
  what do you say ? 
  mid-west americans ? 
  19th century ? 
  middle ages ? 
  there is no such thing as a 19th century !, 
  christianity has always been loving of homosexuality . 
  christians have always been loving of other religious people . 
  in particular jews !, 
  do you know why they went to isreal after the 2nd world war ? 
  because they felt oh-so-welcome in europe that they wanted to invite others !, 
  [ thenetherlands ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands ), 
  what questions would it contain ? 
  suppose , to keep the length short , it would contain only one of the following three questions : 1 . 
  what taxes are currently paid by coorporations ? 
  what are the benefits of immigration ? 
  why person x of the green 's party resign last month ? 
  if you want people involved in business to pass this test , you 'd ask the first question ; after all , they are closer to the answer in their daily life . 
  others would have a harder time . 
  if you want liberal/progressive/left-winged / whatever-you 'd - like-to-call-it-you-know-whom-i-mean people to pass this test , you 'd ask the second question . 
  others would have a harder time , especially the xenophobic ones or those who simply believe their country is better left closed . 
  if you want green 's people to pass this test , you 'd ask the third question . 
  after all , who would take the time to learn the actual reason for this party besides them ? 
  most other people will just hear rumors about event z and repeat that event z happened , while in actuality it might have been the rumors themselves about event z that caused person x to resign . 
  i mean , you can pick any group of questions and exclude people with it . 
  let 's test that ... 
  thanks obama !, 
  i see where you 're getting at . 
  i just see it as a `` flanders and wallonia in a single country is * too * close ... 
  but we can still be closer than we currently are '' . 
  but yeah , i get your point . 
  well , okay . 
  i still see it as the eu promoting the wishes of the people . 
  and if that is to be a single unity in the european community , then i see no problems with that . 
  it 's like saying that california wants to split into a northern california and a southern california . 
  it does n't mean they are against being part of the us . 
  they just want to settle their things separately , in a joint community . 
  personally , i see these two things separately . 
  `` unity in diversity '', 
  exactly . 
  i 'd expect regional blocks to develop . 
  benelux , for example , the baltics , the nordics , etc. 
  these blocs would develop in order to have more voting power in the eu ( as more and more will go in the hands of the eu ) . 
  i think a lot of other dutch parties would welcome you guys , they just do n't have it as part of their agenda because it 's not really a topic over here . 
  no man , that 's king 's landing !, 
  of course , that 's all germany 's plan . 
  the eu : germany 's plan . 
  globalization : germany 's plan . 
  southern european work ethos and corruption : germany 's plan . 
  i 've read that they are , financially . 
  but i 'd like it to be confirmed before i go around parading with it , so to speak . 
  he is also anti-eu , which is supported by russia ( [ interview on rt with him here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt0x2-z8szg ) ) , so it 's not surprise either that they have a common goal : disintegration of the eu . 
  edit : in the interview he does also blame the russia . 
  but obviously rt is focusing on the involvement of the eu . 
  not the majority of voters , no . 
  but a minority would . 
  and that 's enough of a start for me . 
  that neither . 
  the dutch cared more about money than about anything else . 
  at least the southern european countries wanted to `` enlighten '' the natives . 
  we just wanted to extort them . 
  i wonder if they have mails between the kremlin and geert wilders as well . 
  i 'd love to rub that in people 's faces .
