  dot com bubble ? 
  i portugal . 
  you portugal . 
  he/she/it portugals . 
  i have portugaled . 
  just spread out the trees a little bit and you 're there  . 
  that ... is actually an interesting comment you make there !, 
  and i am not saying that in a `` oh , now i totally have a good argument against you ! '' . 
  no , more in a `` wow , today i learned '' - way . 
  the thing is , i guess the general idea about turkey is that the percentage of people wearing a burqa is significantly higher . 
  i think in the uk in general it 's not 0.5 % either , but in certain areas it does go higher than that . 
  same for the netherlands , germany and belgium and probably sweden . 
  where do you get the 0.5 % statistic from , by the way ? 
  we are highly misinformed about turkey , it seems . 
  i guess in part because of generalization , and on the other hand through the immigrants . 
  it 's nice to know that people with handscarves and miniskirts become best friends . 
  and i 'm pretty sure a turkish woman wearing a handscarf can easily become great friends with a bearded drag queen from austria . 
  but this is just anecdotal evidence . 
  the fact that it happens in a conservative city does not mean that the people you mentioned are conservative . 
  every country have conservatives in their country . 
  especially the overly conservatives are difficult to deal with when introducing outsiders . 
  let me put it in a different way . 
  how do you think the extreme conservatives of turkey feel about the french law which bans women from wearing a burqa ? 
  i must say , your relationship with the pkk or cyprus does not help the situation with trying to enter the eu . 
  furthermore , your borders are well outside europe and very much into an unstable region . 
  so the chapter on perimeter security will naturally weigh heavier on you than on , say , iceland . 
  anyway . 
  i am not in favour of other countries blocking any chapters for turkey . 
  do n't blame me for that . 
  i can only influence the netherlands . 
  and as far as i know , it does not block anything . 
  i agree with you that a lot of people silently assume the eu to be a christian union , rather than a european one . 
  i do n't think it should be like that , though , but a lot of other people do . 
  there is , however , one argument to make for the christian/non-christian argument , and that is culture . 
  christian cultures are more alike , and so it 's easier to agree on things such as humanitarian decisions . 
  if you 're in a union with a country which has completely different ideas on humanitarian standards , you 're more likely to have troubles inside the union . 
  i am not saying that turkish ideas on humanitarian standards are lower or different than that of the rest of europe . 
  nor am i denying it by the way . 
  i do n't want to go into that . 
  what i do believe is that your culture is more different from that of the `` european status quo '' than the bulgarian culture is . 
  and that is a valid point of concern . 
  and yes , this is to some extent due to the influence of religion . 
  to summarize : yes , the eu is mostly a christian union . 
  and yes , this does make it more difficult for turkey to enter , due to differences in culture . 
  but no , that should not justify blocking your chapters - it would only justify taking extra precautions on making sure the turkish people and the rest of the european people can live and work together in one union . 
  also , the fact that you 're a huge country also puts more pressure on making sure we do it right . 
  if : - the vast majority of their countries want it - all other eu members agree - they change their country as to be approved by eu standards ( for example , turkey is still miles away and seems to go even further away at this point ) then yes . 
  the third point is now the main problem ( because if that one gets solved , often the second point gets solved as well ) . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  and very easy to understand for a dutchman like me  . 
  and not * all * of your roads are awful  . 
  this is something i was thinking as well . 
  now i do n't know which sources they use . 
  perhaps someone with more experience can inform us ? 
  my sister in law is from ethiopia , and according to my brother there is a kind of culture there that you believe everything the wise elders say . 
  there 's no thinking for yourself , no application of logic - just trust your elders . 
  obviously it does n't apply to all of them , but it applies to a bunch of them . 
  perhaps a similar thing applies to those people he met . 
  sounds similar to the flemish-dutch anslusch . 
  it 's quite uncommon over here . 
  in fact , i would say it 's really uncommon . 
  then again , when you walk through amsterdam at certain areas ... 
  i feel like you should get more upvotes for this . 
  or how about trying to appeal to at least a million people working in that sector and the tens of million people complaining that `` closing the border will save us all from future harm . 
  our economy will flourish , just like switzerlands !, 
  i agree with you on this idea . 
  very much so . 
  as for those who try to return every time they 're sent back . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll still demotivate at least half of them . 
  and the ones who are n't demotivated , half of them wo n't have the money anymore to try it a second time . 
  at least that saves 75 % of the problem on the first round . 
  do you have sources on this ? 
  i 'm quite curious to read them !, 
  looks , thousands of people have already died that way . 
  but those people actually had a chance to be saved , so others still followed . 
  others still thought `` well , 80 % chance of survival is high enough '' . 
  if you reduce the number to 0 % for sure they wo n't try it anymore . 
  that would even save people in the long run . 
  because lets face it , there are still casualties on a daily basis by people trying to come here by boats . 
  but yeah , sorry if it 's inhumane to stop that flood of casualties in the long run . 
  on the other side of the spectrum is setting up a camp in turkey which safeguards that all boats are safe ( without reducing the number of refugees making the trip as to avoid a `` underground '' movement ) . 
  in that case we , europe , should go with all open arms , distribute them well and accept a majority of them ( as to avoid the underground movement ) . 
  this includes accepting a lot of economic migrants . 
  i 'm okay with either of the two : get strict or help them come in . 
  and both are with problems . 
  we just need to make a decision and we should 've done so a long time ago . 
  if people on a boat stumble upon a wall , they have two options . 
  either go around it or go back . 
  going around will be a huge effort , all the way to , say , italy . 
  going back and staying in turkey suddenly becomes not so bad . 
  then you 'll probably get boats `` accidently '' drowning . 
  although harsh , if you simply inform the refugees `` as of now we will not help drowning boats in the med . 
  sea '' and stick with it for 3 boats long , there wo n't be any more `` accidental '' drowning . 
  we actually can stop the amount of arrivals , though that would require a lot of funds . 
  greece has a finite border . 
  any finite border can be walled . 
  walls may even be laid out at the beach , in the water or in the form of boats . 
  that said , i 'm not sure how happy turkey will be with the amount of refugees it 'll get ( though perhaps culturally they are slightly closer to the refugees ) . 
  obviously this guy is part of the 2.5 % far-left who 's trying to cloud your mind of ` seeming reasonable ' . 
  as i am obviously part of the 95 % , trust me when i say you should believe on the comments on reddit .
