  but it may be worthwhile to investigate * why * we have these assumptions . 
  so i ask you the following question : are you surrounded by competent and/or highly-educated people who would all have an iq higher than 100 ? 
  i am not saying that iq tells you how competent you are , but when it comes to making political and/or financial decisions , there may be something to say for people with an iq over 120 being more competent than those with an iq lower than 80 . 
  some matters simply are complex . 
  the thing is , my guess is that you are surrounded by people with an average iq of over 100 ( which is often the case in university ) . 
  however , the average iq of all citizens is 100 ( per definition ) . 
  by being surrounded by disproportionally many ` smart ' / competent people , you quickly get the illusion that the average citizen is rather ` smart ' / competent . 
   more citizens would mean that subsample error would be smaller . 
  this is indeed a good argument . 
   direct democracy would not be allowed to ban direct democracy . 
   there might be some small exceptions regarding some nato issues , but that 's basically it . 
  since we 're discussing establishing direct democracy , how would we determine these rules correctly ? 
  why are nato and the democratic process not allowed to have a say in ? 
  in fact , if the majority of the people agree that direct democracy does not work ( because although it has a strong sense of representation , it lacks efficiency in times in which the state needs to respond quickly ) , why would you not allow the people to decide that ? 
  edit : i find this a very interesting discussion , by the way , because i used to share many of your thoughts !, 
  i suppose we first need a referendum on whether there should be an option c  . 
  in all seriousness , it is a valid problem with referendums . 
  look at the `` referendum '' in crimea : leave ukraine or join russia . 
  or look at the problem with the recent referendum in the netherlands about the association agreement with ukraine : the people who called out the referendum publicly admitted to not caring about that issue , but rather caring about the eu in general . 
  the referendum was not about ukraine . 
  it was about the eu . 
  the options `` sign the agreement '' and `` do not sign the agreement '' * actually * meant `` in favour of the eu '' and `` not in favour of the eu '' . 
  it 's impossible to do referendums unbiased . 
    i suppose it is a matter of how much you trust the electorate . 
   if anything , common folk tend to understand better . 
  just pointing this out so you can both agree where the main difference in your opinions come from . 
  how did you male this ? 
  if done by means of a code , it 'd be great if this was updated automatically ( with data stored ) . 
  just imagine the animation of the map during important events . 
  it 'll be really interesting data . 
   `` while 12 % find a heterosexual couple kissing in public to be objectionable . '', 
  from the article . 
  i like the usage of the screen , with russia . 
  they learned well from sweden :p . 
  in either case ( the current form or / u/teamroze 's for ) there will be some manipulation . 
  it 's all about what information you want to show and give priority to . 
  the * only * correct way would be if the title were `` 55 % in favour an 45 % against in a poll of 6013 people in belgium , poland , sweden , hungary , france , germany , italy and spain on whether their country should have a vote to stay within the eu '' . 
  and even this is not entirely fair , since some countries might be over and under represented ( sweden has about 1/4th of the population of poland , but is represented with more people in the poll ) . 
  i am not denying there is ( unfortunately ) a huge dissatisfaction with the eu . 
  but to say that one form is bias is manipulation without saying the same about the oppose bias is bit ... biased :p . 
  gay marriage , being one of them . 
  2 * minimum of two years . 
  french is three . 
  and then switches back when he does n't know the word , hahaha . 
  fair enough , as are quite some jokes in the other videos , though ( jewish gold ? ), 
  what i like about the dutch video is that it never got directly personal though , with the exception of the racism perhaps . 
  [ about trump and the south-chinese sea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9pkhtx0yzk ), 
  that 's why there 's subtitles :d . 
  i knew the dutch were bad ... but this bad !, 
  wait , i 'm reading this correctly ? 
  people born and raised in the netherlands should be legally discriminated against due to where their grandparents are from , you 're saying ? 
  holy moly ... 
  i mean , a promise like `` i wo n't rule with party x '' will be the very first promise to uphold or break . 
  literally the very first one . 
  so i 'm pretty he 'll try not to screw it up right at the start . 
  the netherlands did so right from the start of the euro . 
  but they 're still higher on the list than we are :(, 
  well , pvv 's lack of willingness to compromise is not really in line with the dutch polder-model . 
  then again , that 's exactly why the pvv is there : to step away from existing political systems/ideologies and `` give the people what they want '' . 
  this is obviously way easier done in an opposition position , so for them it 's not even that bad that they left . 
  but realistically there are too many fringe parties . 
  few people would actually consider voting for pvv-light if it wo n't even make it to three seats . 
  ... stop using logic on me !, 
  ( you 're right ), 
  hence it being a lighter shade ( but hard to see ) . 
  correct . 
  there have been too few studies about this in general ( which also helps stigmatize the problem , even ) . 
  that said , let 's try to examine the intent of this bill . 
  this bill gives certain people more rights ( those who perform the violence ) , and takes away the rights of others ( those on whom the violence is performed ) . 
  why is this exchange of rights done ? 
  i mean , not really . 
  george did n't die . 
  his destroyers did n't get ... destroyed . 
  and the us is not hit by soviet gravity technology to make it sink . 
  let 's see who are affected by this . 
  i 'm pretty sure women are worse off because of this than men are . 
  i mean , what they tell the public it 's for . 
  does it though ? 
  where does the aid money actually go to ? 
  in a lot of cases the majority ends up in the hands of the powerful ( in their countries ) . 
  how much of the aid money being sent is actually being used to avoid conflict ? 
  i do n't know the exact numbers ( and i 'm on mobile , so not the best medium to look it up efficiently ) , but i do know that in too many cases less than half of all foreign aid money goes to where it 's intended to . 
   if your being that hyperbole he is no better , since he choses to breathe and release co2 . 
  wasting water with showers and generally just stabbing everyone since he is making the earth a worse place . 
  haha . 
  hyperboleception . 
  anyway , i get your point . 
  i guess the thing which we have to consider here are the numbers . 
  taking a shower a day will not make the world that much worse ( in an most cases make it better due to hygiene and efficiency of people when not being bothered by smelly people ) . 
  the question with burning plastic would then indeed be how badly does it affect people ? 
  if it 's a lifeyear per kg of plastic being burned then it 's quite a big deal - more so than the co2 you breathe out simply be living . 
  if it 's about a lifesecond , then i suppose the benefits of staying warm outweigh the cost . 
  frankly i do n't know where the numbers point to . 
  i guess you and him ( or her ) have different ideas about these numbers . 
   tl ; dr i get your point wobster while my nickname is wobzter with a * z * , it used to be wob * s * ter ( but i lost my password once at a different site and since then have opted for wobzter with a z ) . 
  i do n't think he implied equal signs . 
  he probably gave exaggerations in order to prove his point . 
  and his point still stands : rich or not , your choice of burning plastic negatively affects the people around you in such a way that the average lifespan decreases ( as is the same when someone gets stabbed ) . 
  and whether you 're rich or not , not reporting the fact that it negatively affects your peers does n't stop people from doing it ( as is the same when thieves do n't get caught - i assume ) . 
  edit : or her *,
