  except , it 's not . 
  people prefer a quick death over a slow one . 
  yes , the outcome ` death ' will be the same . 
  but an associated experience ( suffering ) will be vastly different . 
  i think this is the point of diverge between the two of us . 
  you only look at the net effect : death . 
  i also look at the associated effects : suffering . 
  when it comes to abortion you only look to the net effect : either fetuses do or do not get aborted . 
  i look at the associated effects : women who are victim of rape will ( or will not ) have a much more difficult life which may ( or may not ) affect the conditions in which the baby will ( or will not ) be raised in ( among other effects ) . 
  = i am pretty sure you 're going to say `` aha !, 
  that 's a pro-choice solution all along ! '' . 
  and yes , that 's true . 
  but some pro-life understand that the abortion-discussion is about more than just pro-choice or pro-life . 
  it 's also about the role of women in society . 
  by giving women more choice about whether they will proceed with the baby , they will have an easier time getting social equality with men . 
  they will no longer be forced to quit their job when they got raped and got pregnant . 
  believe it or not , but there are actual people in the pro-life camp who find that important as well ... 
  it 's almost as if ... people value different things ... as if ... there is more to people than a black-and-white picture of one topic . 
  one thing i do have to admit is that i had to rewrite the previous paragraph like 3 times , because the argument you 're trying to make is a strong one . 
  but i still feel it 's sketching people as more black-and-white than people truly are . 
   no , not really . 
  what use is prohibition only when driving to someone who is in favor of full prohibition ? 
  that 's the `` no alcohol on wednesdays '' example i put above . 
  i did not see that example ( and frankly still do n't ) , but alas . 
  the use of partial prohibition is the same use as speed limits . 
  these are arbitrary numbers . 
  sure , a speed limit of 10 km/h will reduce almost all traffic-related accidents , but then the economy would plunge . 
  on the other hand , if you have no speed limit , it 'll be great for the economy ( quicker movement of products and people ) , but associated with it there are more traffic-related deaths . 
  so the government put certain numbers for certain types of roads . 
  the effect is that you can be quite certain you wo n't die in a car crash while at the same time living in a country with a strong economy . 
  that said , you may still die . 
  going back to the alcohol prohibition , you can enforce a 0-tolerance law or you can enforce no law at all . 
  both will have benefits and problems . 
  by having a 0.05 % alcohol-limit you reduce the problems ( and benefits ) of both proposals . 
  the 0.05 % is derived in such a way as to maximize the reduction is problems and to minimize the reduction in benefits . 
   actually , no : it 's wasted money . 
  i mean , sure , if they decide to spend it on a space ship which they never finish ... 
  okay . 
  but i sure hope that people at esa are smarter than that , to realize that perhaps with half a budget they ought to do different ( and still useful ) research . 
  but hey , if you 're that pessismistic about the people working on space-flight program :p ... 
  or the netherlands , quite significant in terms of population as well . 
  abortion : ask any person who is against abortion if they 'd rather have `` only in case of rape '' or `` always '' . 
  they 'll pick the first option . 
  ask any person in favour of abortion if they 'd rather pick `` only in case of rape '' or `` never '' . 
  they will pick the first option . 
  sounds like a middle ground to me . 
  neither is completely satisfied , but they prefer this over giving the the other what they want . 
  you can be pedantic about whether to call this a `` middle ground '' , `` compromise '' or `` third option '' - but you get the point , right ? 
  drinking and driving : between `` no alcohol whatsoever when driving '' and `` drinking as much as you want when driving '' , there is the option `` drinking an x amount such that the risks associated with drinking are low enough to be deemed acceptable ( but still higher than if the person has no alcohol whatsoever in their blood ) '' . 
  again , call it whatever you want . 
  but between the `` never alcohol '' and `` always alcohol '' camps , this is something both prefer than giving what the other wants . 
  esa : this is a valid point . 
  as said , sometimes there is no middle ground . 
  still , half a budget is better than none . 
  i 'm not saying the truth needs to be in the middlw necessarily . 
  but it 's worth considering , right ? 
  allowing it under certain conditions , yes . 
  i 've read your comment several times , and i 'm still not sure if you 're being serious , because the way you went along with the coke-argument was hilarious . 
  anyway . 
  i agree that some issues can only be answered by `` yes '' or `` no '' , rather than `` partially '' . 
  but this is not always the case . 
  for example , when it comes to taxing the wealthy and using this money to spend on the poor and needy . 
  you can fill in any * x * in the possible yes of `` yes , transfer x % of the money of the wealthy to the poor '' . 
  this x can be 0 , which effectively means `` no '' , this x can be 100 , which effectively means `` yes , let 's all have the same income '' . 
  and you can have any preferred number for x. 
  sure , you might argue that choosing any number for x greater than zero is a definite * yes * to `` should the government transfer money from the wealthy to the poor ? '' . 
  that is a valid argument . 
  but the effects of choosing x = 0.01 and x = 100 are so vastly different to society , it makes little sense to put them on the same camp . 
  some issues do have a middle ground . 
  some do n't . 
  edit : to go into a deeper reply about what you said about camp coke ... a person who drinks coke and nothing but coke will have a worse health than a person who only drinks one glass of coke a day . 
  a person who drinks one glass of beer is most likely not drunk . 
  a person who drinks 20 cups most likely is . 
  that 's the reason there is a certain limit on the amount of alcohol you 're allowed to have in your blood when driving . 
  abortions can be allowed under various conditions , ranging from `` always '' to `` only in cases of rape '' to `` never '' . 
  i prefer to live in a society where it 's `` always '' . 
  but if that 's not possible , then i prefer to live in a country where it 's `` only in case of rape '' , rather than `` never '' . 
  again , i am not suggesting everything has a middle ground . 
  but so far you have not given me any good issues which are a simple `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  well , between never drinking coke and * only drinking coke and nothing else * , i do believe a middle ground can be achieved . 
  similarly with politics . 
  this is a very good point . 
  perhaps someone from the region can give an estimate on when this was recorded . 
  with the gap getting bigger , i assume you mean the gap in values as described on the right ? 
  is that a fair way to compare , though ? 
  i think the difference between $ 1/month and $ 2001/month is far more significant than between $ 2001/month and $ 4001/month . 
  they use a somewhat logarithmic scale , which kind of makes sense in terms of gpd per capita . 
  and on that logarithmic scale , the difference between east and west is relatively steady at around 3 colours between germany , poland and belarus . 
  that said , poland is behind on that 3-colour germany-poland-belarus `` rule '' in the soviet times . 
  so there 's that . 
  but my point does still stand that logarithmic is a fair way to look at these things . 
  they initially went in with 4 regular police officers , but when they got caught in a gun war they issued special forces . 
  if the netherlands issued them a dutch passport they are legally dutch . 
  which company was that ? 
  in any case , said company always has the option to buy products at a different factory if the former factory simply uses more middle men . 
  if the dutch company is really committed to it , it will do so . 
  of course , that assumes that the extra costs of the effort put into finding the right factory is less than the price of the clothing they sell . 
  since lidl still makes profit on a lot of other products , i do n't think the increased costs of people working in the stores are too much of a concern for the jeans . 
  in particular considering the jeans attract new customers ( who will in turn buy other products ) . 
  then again , i have no idea if you actually meant to say something on-topic :p .
