  in the netherlands the germans strike on the 1st monday of the month at 12:00 . 
  i did n't specify . 
  in all cases i meant muslim refugees and muslim immigrants . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  do you know why they do n't do it anymore ? 
  i 'm not saying there are n't complaining refugees . 
  of course there are . 
  and lots of it . 
  i remember the case in belgium where they made a made and did n't want to clean it because `` it 's a woman 's duty to do so , not a man 's '' . 
  that 's terrible . 
  that said , i also know of refugees ( or more accurately put ex-refugees who are now living here ) who are extrenely grareful to be able to live here . 
  suppose you know 499 people including yourself , and none of you got polled . 
  it may be that they polled every one in 500 people . 
  that 's 1/500th of the uk population , which is about 120.000 people . 
  that 's gives a rather good approximation , if done entirely randomly . 
  furthermore , i doubt you 'd know of all 499 people whether they 're polled . 
  but even then , their sample size is large enough . 
  -- do you have any proof of europesn statisticians ( so not 1st-day police reports during the cologne attack ) being significantly wrong ? 
  the researchers may still have asked the local mosques for estimation . 
  according to what we hear in the media : no . 
  but i would n't be surprised if `` refugees complaining again '' sells better than `` refugee says thank you '' . 
  i find it funny how on page 5 it shows the netherlands both in favour of spending more on military and also in favour of using diplomacy over military . 
  but germany ... 
  i thought we were your bff :( ... 
  that would work . 
  as long as they do n't insist on there being religious artifacts , it should be okay , right ? 
  of course , assuming it does n't interfere with education . 
  because they cause the most inconvenience to others with their praying ? 
  the article did n't mention praying during class-time , so i wo n't go into that ( as others did ) . 
  the article did mention they use the hallways to pray . 
  i can see this becoming an inconvenience for people . 
  just like you ca n't use the hallway on a daily basis to play football ( which causes an inconvenience for people trying to walk there ) , having too many people praying may also cause an inconvenience for people trying to walk there . 
  a ban on playing football in the hallway is indeed targeted on football players . 
  and for good reasons . 
  this ban is indeed clearly targeted on muslims . 
  the article gave a good reason ( though , depending on the scale , it may not be a good reason ) . 
  [ this map shows exactly what i mean . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_iberia#/media/file:georgian_states_colchis_and_iberia_%28600-150bc%29-en.svg ), 
  oh boy , what happened in 2007 ? 
  [ is it this ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_cyberattacks_on_estonia ) it also makes me curious about what happened with ukraine in 2009 ( or is that the result of the georgia invasion in 2008 ? 
  ) , poland in 2007 . 
  the turkey one is particularly interesting . 
  the downing of the aircraft ( logically ) caused quite some butts to be hurt . 
  i guess in general , between now and 2006 , only the baltics are liked better . 
  it 's also interesting to note how georgia went from 41 % in 2012 to 23 % or less in 2016 . 
  i wonder what rate it was late 2008 . 
  perhaps there is some ` half-life time ' when it comes to perceived hostility towards countries it invades . 
  did n't know about this . 
  do you have a source ? 
   furthermore , immigration has made england the most densely populated country in the eu ( uk is 2nd behind netherlands ) well , that 's because the netherlands is about 19 % water , so that skews our density to be at 407 , compared to your 413  . 
  anyway , malta still wins . 
   you probably have n't struggled to find entry level jobs , or had your community transformed through mass migration . 
   if we were part of the eurozone we would have been completely fucking crippled in 2008 . 
  it would have been an utter disaster as it has been for other countries . 
  i suppose you do n't have to think about this type of stuff when you 've never dealt with 27 % unemployment , you smug little shit . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/unemployment-rate place this at `` max '' or `` 10y '' . 
  you can see that just as 2008 starts the value goes up from around 5 to 8.5 . 
  this may be attributed to two things . 
  for one , the global economic crisis which increased unemployment around europe as of the second half of 2008 . 
  and secondly the influx of migrants , after the `` eastern bloc '' has been incorporated to the schengen area on the 21st of decembr 2007 . 
  although the uk is not part of schengen , it 's the best reference . 
  when the `` eastern bloc '' entered the eu ( may 2004 ) , it is n't until september 2005 when the unemployment increases slightly in the uk . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that although there is some statistic to agree that an influx of immigrants due to the eu may has increased your unemployment - it is no where near as serious as you make it out to be . 
   the share of output from current members of the eu in the global economy has fallen from 30 % in 1980 to 17 % in 2015 . 
  this is the result of other economies growing around the world . 
  thus there are many opportunities for the uk to seize outside of the eu than there was previously . 
  this is true indeed . 
  that does not mean that being outside of the eu will make it easier for you to seize opportunities in china , africa and eastern europe , though . 
  ? % of laws . 
  this is a fair point . 
  it 's unknown and there are serious issues with this . 
  what about anti-establishment parties when they would reach an absolute majority by votes ? 
  why are n't winning this absolute majority ? 
    how about their age , i mean children are still people . 
   the electorate of the citizens . 
  this is as much of an answer as `` my age '' would be to the question of `` how old are you ? '' . 
  in this response you 're actively avoiding having to make a decision - which is the very point / u/thedomcook is trying to make . 
  that said , you do give a kind of response :  because it is already established . 
  but i personally find this a bit of a weird argument , when you 're advocating changing the democratic process . 
  it 's akin to painting all buildings a new color , except for that third house there down the street because `` it is already established to have that color '' . 
   the alternative would be a requirement to pass a merit test before the voting happens , to make sure that the person is capable of reasoning and making decisions . 
  although i definitely see some * merit * to this idea ( see what i did there ? 
  ) , i think it would cause problems by alienating those who do not pass the merit test . 
  when would you pass the test ? 
  when you have an iq over 80 ? 
  when you are n't emotionally distraught during the test ? 
  when you do n't have neo-nazi ideals ? 
  this can go wrong in so many ways . 
  do you have a good method to make sure it does n't go wrong ? 
   the same rules should apply to the house of commons ( citizen referendums ) as does apply to the house of establishment ( parliament ) . 
  either absolute or relative majority , but equal treatment of both houses . 
  i actually like this idea . 
  but the problem with this is that most people do n't have time to go through all the law changes which passes through parliament . 
  that 's the whole thing about the senate : it 's those people full-time job to look at all the proposed law changes . 
   an average citizen is at least as competent as an average politician . 
  this is an interesting statement . 
  for one , i guess we should both honestly agree that there are no official statistics for this - so it 's more of a hunch . 
  your hunch says one thing ( average politician is less competent than average citizen ) , mine says something else ( average politician is more competent than average citizen ) . 
  it 's hard to argue like that .
