  natural language does not work that way . 
  suppose i say `` i have a cat , but it is almost dead '' and at the same time i say `` i might have a cat , but i do n't know '' . 
  although both statements might be true ; there is still a contradiction . 
  in statement 2 i have declared that i do n't have the information about whether my cat is alive , so i could have never said statement 1 with certainty . 
  so me saying statement 1 does not make sense ; i am implying a certainty where there is none . 
  nor does statement 1 say `` if i have a cat , it is almost dead '' ; which would not contradict with statement 2 and be perfectly fine . 
  also , about what the other guy said ; he never suggested the answer would be ' a is not true ' . 
  he suggested that in order for people to understand what is happening ( namely that the results show that 51 % are in favour , and that this 51 % should be taken with an approximation ) that it is better to say that approximately 50 % is in favour . 
  and this is most certainly true and easy to understand . 
  since when are `` a statement is true and we have the data to back it up '' and `` a statement might be true but we do not have the information to know whether it is '' not mutually exclusive ? 
  i think it 's as someone else here already put it ; putin is trying not to look stupid in front of his own people ( i.e. 
  ` see russian people , we care about your family in ukraine ' ) . 
  so let me get this straight ... a = the majority is in favour , but it 's a weak majority . 
  b = a majority is in favour is more likely . 
  notice how these do not mean the same are mutually exclusive ( one is talking about a likeliness , the other about a definite statement ) . 
  c = the extent to what level people are in favour is essentially split . 
  notice how the word ` essentially ' implies an approximation . 
  you start by saying a. 
  then planestrainsandautos says c . you then change to b ( thereby denying a ) . 
  then i say c again . 
  you then go back to statement a ( thereby denying b ) . 
  i then say both a and b do not give the right information to the reader , but c would do so . 
  you then say b again ( denying a again ) . 
  you seem to be stuck between a and b , not realizing that when you say a you deny b , and when you say b you deny a. 
  yet , you try to prove your point by using the combination of a and b. 
  whether my short term memory might be worse than yours , my sense of logic is not . 
  the reason i picked c , might you be interested , is because although b is true ( which it is - you said it right when you said b ) , it would not inform the reader as much as would c. 
  but then the statement is wrong again , because of the error margins ( unless the error margin is less than 1.5 % , which i do n't think it is ) , and you should explicitly state it 's more likely than not that the majority youth favours the eu , although , in this case , it would be a weak majority . 
  let 's just say i 'm glad you 're not an article writer . 
  i think if you say the results are pretty much split , people have a better understanding of what is actually happening than if you say it is likely that the majority is in favour . 
  i suppose that makes quite a bit of sense !, 
  that was long , but definitely worth the read !, 
  i figured the point where the collapse of the ussr actually brought a worse quality of life for those in ukraine ; but i was wondering what the difference would be with western ukraine . 
  so how come it is mainly western ukraine with family abroad in ` the west ' , and not those in eastern ukraine ? 
  ( implying south ukraine as well ) . 
  i would n't consider 51 % to be that strong of a majority to validate your claim . 
  it it interesting that it does not vary among the regions . 
  i suppose the youth bases their opinions about what they have learned throughout their lives ( which is mostly post-ussr ) , while the older people also add in to their opinion what they known about the soviet-time . 
  if this is true , then it means that the youth is hardly influenced by whatever their parents think about the situation , which is quite good news when it comes to changing governments in general ( in and outside ukraine ) . 
  so you 're a russian ethnic living outside ukraine with part of your family still living there ( in particular the western part ) . 
  what do you think the pro-europe ( and perhaps anti-russia ) government in kiev will mean for your family ? 
  also , what country do you currently live in , if i may ask ? 
  look , i agree with you that i do n't want war ; but you ca n't deny that you literally said `` i personally prefer a bloodshed in russia , compared to ukraine . '', 
  you literally said you prefer russians to die by the hand of russians , rather than ukrainians to die by the hand of russians ; and now you say it again ( `` it would be best for the world if they did it inside their own borders . '' ) . 
  i understand what you mean with it . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  but you ca n't deny the words you had just literally said . 
  so you prefer a country killing its own people than people of another country , okay . 
  i did n't know that people in their own country are worth less then people in someone else 's country . 
  so what would happen in that case ( `` and putin knows that and knows he would n't rule russia for much longer in that case '' ) ? 
  would another leader take place and win the results by 140 % ? 
  would country crumble to smaller countries , each trying to figure out how to rule their own country , causing wide spread civil unrest and ; as said by your own words , terrorists ? 
  why ? 
  what you suggested is `` terrorists and rebellions there '' ; how do you possibly see that happening without bloodshed ? 
  although i may be touching a sore spot , as someone from poland i understand your concern ; but you 're still wishing for people in what is currently russia to fight among each other , possible kill each other . 
  also , i am not suggesting i have a better solution ; i too agree i 'd like to see a democratic non-empirephilic russia . 
  but i do n't wish death on people in russia either . 
  and who 's to say that that will lead to something good ? 
  would you rather have one big stable ` enemy ' or lots of smaller unstable states ? 
  what will really end the bloodshed ? 
  awesome !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  my girlfriend 's studying in germany right now and i plan to study there next year , so yeah , do n't worry about it !, 
  well , i would disagree . 
  there are a number of problems . 
  let 's take greece for example : 1 . 
  it has always spent more than it has 2 . 
  joining the eurozone amplified problem 1 ; it did not create a new problem 3 . 
  the influx of money was taken away this was the initial problem . 
  they spent more money than they had , and then the money they could borrow stopped being available . 
  i would definitely say that ` spending more money than you have ' is part of your culture . 
  be it through the state of mind about priorities of quality of life over financial risks , or anything else . 
  later on the additional problem became that they would have to change this ` spending more money than you have ' - problem , which is changing the entire culture of greece ( that is , changing their priority from quality of life to financial rightness ) . 
  how is that not culture ? 
  obviously i picked greece as an example because their ` spending more than you have ' - culture has been the strongest . 
  and hence , they are the only country still not rebounding . 
  seems that so far the ` culture ' - argument suffices . 
  well , the uk is not part of the eurozone , so i do n't really see the point . 
  it 's like saying that argentina suffers the same problem ( which it does , by the way ) . 
  then regarding france ; why is it that their credit has not been hampered ? 
  is it , perhaps , because the people lending money to these countries had more faith in france than greece ? 
  and if so , why ? 
  is it because france has never had any financial problems before , so it has proven that the country is able to secure the money ? 
  and if a country is able to prove such a thing , how is that not part of the country 's culture ? 
  sure , other things are important as well , such as natural events , wars , natural resources ... but france has never had any huge problem in the last century . 
  it 's a good video . 
  personally i , too , do n't feel comfortable with giving up sovereignty ; but i am willing to accept it if it means no more greek policies within europe . 
  then again , for the netherlands ( and probably germany alike ) the change in laws will not be that big , as our economies have always worked . 
  for the southern countries it might suddenly be a huge difference ... and i fear they might not be able to accept that the way their country has run , that the way their culture works ... simply does n't work . 
  '' ` how do you feel about scotland 's independence ? ', 
  - why just scotland ? 
  could this be rephrased in a more general manner , say ` how do you feel about the right to independence of territories currently within some european states ? ', 
  ( i 'm sure someone can phrase this better ) . '', 
  i think this has to do with the upcoming elections which are being held in scotland which i think is unique for all separatist movements in europe . 
  you 'll need good dambuilders . 
  so you 'll hire the dutch . 
  this gives us enough money to buy the materials to build our own dams as well . 
  only uk is doomed . 
  * vets hate him !, 
  better research guilds as well , to increase their gold and production output .
