  and the same can be said of men going into nursing . 
  my point is : as free as a society we live in ... there are still factors at play regarding your gender , unrelated to how caring or analytically minded you are . 
  factors you may say `` but it does n't deprive them of their opportunities '' . 
  true , but it does demotivate them to pursue some of their opportunities - if even just a little bit . 
  and that in and of itself is not necessary . 
  actually , i think the reason the focus is on women entering science is because it fits with the `` empowering women '' trend going on . 
  men going into nursing , although better for emancipation as well , does not fit the trend of * empowering * women . 
  would it matter if i 'm a male and/or a feminist ? 
  anyway , to first address the question in your other post . 
  as i said , it makes perfect sense that nursing pays less than engineering . 
  but due to our gender roles ( or so i believe , as i said , neither you nor i know to what extent it 's genetics and to what extend it 's culture ) we find that nursing has 90 % women whereas engineering has about 90 % men . 
  now suppose that these two were the only jobs in the world , with nursing making $ 20k per year and engineering making $ 25k per year . 
  then if you have baby and it 's girl , you that it 's expected value of income will be 0.9 * 20 +0.1 * 25 = $ 20.5 k/year , while guys have an expected value of income of $ 24.5 k/year . 
  yes , of course they still have a choice , but what is `` popular '' influences them . 
  the result is that men on average are are 24.5 / 20.5 = 19.5 % richer than women . 
  now if there were no gender roles , this percentage will be lower . 
  i 'm not saying it will 0 % , as i 'm pretty sure the their genetics do influence their career choice to some extent . 
  but at least the percentage would be lower . 
  as an example of how society influences career choices . 
  here in the netherlands we suddenly had a huge surge in people wanting to study forensics . 
  so much even that universities had to decline people . 
  why ? 
  csi-series were getting popular . 
  a set of series on tv influenced people choice in what they want to study . 
  if a set of tv-series can already overload universities offering forensics , just what would the overwhelming gender roles have as a result on career prospectives ? 
  now to get to your other points . 
  how does op show that business is not blind for gender ? 
  if business was truly not blind for gender , we would see the same percentage among all countries . 
  instead we see russia having 40 % while japan has 8 % . 
  where does this difference come from ? 
  not from their genetic differences . 
  it comes from their culture . 
  now this can either be the business culture ( where it could be hard for japanese women to get higher up ) , or the culture as a whole ( which does include business culture ) . 
  also , i do n't say that in russia 20 % of men get undeserved benefits . 
  there are enough situations where there are multiple competent people and they choose between two people both deserving their position ( but one just sticks out even better ) . 
  i 'm also not saying that they are identically competent ; but the fact that in russia 40 % of business leadership positions are taken by women shows that women are way more competent than japan gives them credit for . 
  now japan is a strong example , but it has a very sexist business culture . 
  and finally , to address the other things i disregarded last time . 
  so i will comment on every single point of yours . 
   engineering pays more than nursing because it is a more productive field . 
  you can not ( that i know of ... ) become a billionare working as a nurse , but you can become one by creating facebook , twitter , airbnb or similar , perhaps even grindr . 
  as stated before , i agree with this and i completely understand why . 
  as stated above , my point is not that nursing makes less money than engineering , it 's that due to gender roles women are still more likely to end up in nursing than if there were no gender roles . 
  now the previous phrase is an assumption , but i think the assumption is true . 
  we can discuss about that in a `` yes-no '' method , but that wo n't help anything . 
  instead , i refer to my forensics argument . 
  as a result of these ( assumed ) gender roles , our culture is such that women make less money than men , on average . 
   you can also become a billionare from owning and running private hospitals , with your previous work experience as a nurse as the backbone of your motivation and brainstorming process for new ideas to implement in your business . 
  as we [ read here ] ( http://allhealthcare.monster.com/training/articles/1846-5-steps-to-becoming-a-healthcare-administrator?page=2 ) we see that in the us they intend to hire healthcare administrators ( which google defines as `` health administration or healthcare administration is the field relating to leadership , management , and administration of public health systems , health care systems , hospitals , and hospital networks . 
  health care administrators are considered health care professionals . '' ), 
  they write the following `` health administration is the perfect job for an advanced degree graduate who has a desire to work in the healthcare industry , but does not want to pursue a clinical career . 
  so much for nurses running hospitals . 
   the road is open for all women to do whatever they want ( in the west ) , business is blind for gender , color and perhaps even faith . 
  in theory , yes . 
  business is not blind for gender ( see what i wrote above in this comment ) . 
  it is also not blind for color , as companies are less likely to hire someone with a foreign name ( seriously , there are numerous studies confirming this ) . 
  if you 're having trouble getting a job , you 'll end up , in general , with a job you 'll enjoy less . 
  if you enjoy it less , you 'll be a worse employee and have difficulty going higher up . 
  there are still enough racists ( based on personal experience and statistics ) . 
  for example , my sister works in a law firm . 
  someone wanted to get a job there , so this muslim girl asked my sister if they have a place left . 
  my sister went to ask her boss . 
  her boss reaction was `` was it that colored girl ? '' . 
  my sister confirmed . 
  he responded with `` oh , then we do n't '' . 
  i 'm not making this shit up . 
   i toyed with lego when i was a kid , because that was fun . 
  my kindergarten female friends tried to entice me to play with their dolls but i was not amused . 
  we could go into the psychology about why you were not amused by it , but i do n't have a degree in that , so let 's not . 
  i 'm still referring my forensics example to show the effect of media ( = culture ) on interests . 
  but again , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not saying that * because * of gender roles you had no interesting , i 'm only saying it affected it ; it 's a factor which played a role . 
  just like other factors play a role , such as whether your big brother plays with barbie toys and if you like him or hate him . 
  if you like him and look up to your big brother and you see him playing with barbie toys , you 're more likely to play with it as well . 
  on the other hand , if you want nothing to do with your brother , you 'll convince yourself that barbies are stupid . 
  at such a young age these simple things can still influence you quite badly . 
  so i 'll say it one more time : gender roles are a factor , like others . 
  but i think it 's important to be aware of them . 
   some of them played with my lego , no one discouraged them from doing so , most of them had a set of their own also . 
  no one discouraged them , but all tv-commercials shows boys playing with lego and girls playing with barbies . 
  of course ; that gives them more profit . 
  but it also shaped what they start to consider `` boy things '' and `` girl things '' . 
   i do n't see the problem anywhere here , even the ridicule i would 've suffered potentially being caught playing with dolls is a minor issue , but still greater than the discouragement for girls playing with lego , that does n't even seem to exist ... 
  the ridicule you would 've suffered may be small , but present . 
  and again , again , again : though it does n't determine your future 100 % , it is a factor in play . 
   my childhood experience would no matter what not in any way explain why i today am more inclined to edit wikipedia rather than running a fashion blog , like most males in the first scenario and most females in the latter . 
  well , i guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree on the subtle things in our childhood which can make a difference on our future . 
  people raised in a religious family are more likely to be religious . 
  not because these people born in religious families are genetically more likely to believe in god ; but because of their surroundings and childhood . 
  equally , i propose that you are more likely to edit wikipedia pages ( kudos for that by the way , what pages may i ask ? ), 
  not because you genetically are more into editing wikipedia pages , but because your surroundings and childhood taught you an appreciation of information and clarity thereof . 
  again , there may very well * be * a genetic component ; but it 's not everything . 
  similarly , a study came out recently which showed that genetics can only account for 1/6th of a students educational success , the other 5/6th being the result of the family the person is brought up in . 
   we are different , for whatever reason we are , and nursing is a perfectly valid career choice for those who desire it , but you 're not increasing export or making the general national economy more efficient and productive by taking care of children , the elderly and the sick - no matter how much kudos you deserve for doing so . 
  again . 
  i agree with the economic point . 
  and i still claim that `` for those who desire it '' is influenced by culture , just like so many other things are . 
   if not kudos then you still have your salary to rely on , which according to most females in the sector is compensating them enough , since they are still doing it . 
  actually , here i have to call you out on something more than just a difference on opinion . 
  if you had to choose between being a nurse and having a low income or not being a nurse and having difficulty finding a job without any income besides of social security ... you 'd prefer being a nurse .
