  or , similarly , when looking at gpd , we see that the benelux gdp is higher than spain ( which is higher than south korea which , in turn , is higher than mexico ( with no other countries in between ) ) , but lower than australia ( which is lower than canada which , in turn , is lower than india ( with no other countries in between ) ) . 
  where 's the love for monaco ? 
  it must be an old map , though , in zoetermeer the pretzel has long been part of the randstadrail tram-line now . 
  i suppose since 2008 or something . 
  it should be done with as many people as possible , without losing efficiency . 
  they may not be the voice of the mass , but at least they were able to give a voice to the mass . 
  they can use the same app to investigate why the reason for saying `` no '' . 
  which is why they should want to discuss possible revisions . 
  i mean , there was only given the choice `` no '' and `` yes '' - which is a problem on its own . 
  people who wanted a `` not in this manner , but perhaps when ... '' will most likely have voted `` no '' . 
  it may be due to my young age ( 23 ) , but which prime minister would you consider to have shown leadership ? 
  i find it interesting how when the people who initiated the referendum ( through getting signatures ) do n't even want to discuss possible alternatives . 
  that just goes to show how much `` we do n't even care about ukraine '' . 
  team hawa\u00ef !, 
  correct , but in english i always referred to it as czech republic - something i am considering changing now . 
  sorry , that wo n't do :( . 
  are you sure you 're ready to change your name to the czechlands ? 
  with great power ... comes great responsibility . 
  but then you should also chant `` bohemia '' when playing football , like we chant `` holland '' , deal ? 
  i guess ... following dutch spirit , you should call for a referendum on the matter !, 
  also , my real name is robbie . 
  nice username , haha . 
  thank you , aronymous sir . 
  well , from now on i 'll start calling your country czechia . 
  but is it like `` chech-ya '' or rather like `` chech-i-ya '' ? 
  for those lazy to open the site : - $ 2000 every year from person to person ( so one grandma with 5 children may gift a total of $ 10000 among all five of them , and one child may receive $ 8000 from all four grandparents ) - $ 5000 every year from parent to child per child - $ 25000 once for any parent to child ( aged 18-40 , or partnered with someone aged 18-40 ) instead of the $ 5000 . 
  this number may be raised to $ 50000 if the majority is used for mortgage or study . 
  in the netherlands it 's the same as in britain it seems : it 's best to spend/gift about 80 % of your money while you 're alive , and let the rest end up as inheritance . 
  the only problem is that it 's kind of hard to predict when you will die - unless you take matters in your own hand , which most do n't . 
  i mean , we might as well have a referendum about leaving the eu every day . 
  then a single `` nexit '' - majority overrules all the preceding `` nexit '' - minority days ; sounds a bit weird . 
  especially considering there is some chance involved ( weather , flue , etc ) - which you 're only pushing by making it daily . 
  i do n't think the fact that we 've been free for centuries ( albeit with foreign occupations ) has anything to do with the logic behind whether or not a referendum should take place . 
  as a western european person , it was quite interesting reading the conversation between the two of you . 
  one thing i noticed when you mentioned the jobs your mother mother-in-law had , was that they were both rather unskilled labour . 
  the thing about a career being empowering , is that it only becomes so once it a ) gives you enough money to do things which were otherwise impossible and/or b ) challenges you . 
  when you 're just doing some cleaning job while your husband makes more than enough money , i would definitely not consider that empowering . 
  on the other hand , if you 're doing a cleaning job in order to help you kid pay for college so that they can get a better job , i find that much more empowering . 
  also , when you and your husband already make enough money , but your job is something you really like and excel at and challenges you , i find that empowering as well . 
  now i do n't know about the financial situation of your mom and step-mom , but i 'm pretty sure it did n't live up to b ) challenging . 
  also , the main point i 'm trying to make here is that what i said is gender-neutral . 
  it applies to both men and women . 
  yet , for some reason , it is often the man who fulfills this role . 
  and personally ^ * , i find that quite unfortunate . 
  having a nice career ** can ** be empowering , so i find it quite unfortunately this is often exclusive to men . 
  anyway , this is just my two cents on the matter . 
  i agree with you on the bullshit jobs with humanities majors working at starbucks , though . 
  all the time and effort invested in ... writing people 's names wrong on a cup . 
  ( * = probably as a result of being raised in the netherlands ), 
  i agree with you in essence , but which language would you propose ? 
  russian , which is only natively spoken by less than 25 million in this region ? 
  or polish with 40 million , but hardly is hardly spoken as a second language and , unlike the majority of the slavic speakers , does not use cyrillic ? ), 
  ( actually , the cyrillic part is probably not much a big deal , it 's rather easy to learn ) . 
  edit : looking [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union#knowledge ) , we see that the three proposed languages most certainly outnumber all other languages . 
  yes , this does not include ukraine and belarus , which would only increase the number of russian and ukrainian speakers speakers significantly . 
  all i know is that i 'd rather not live in an american ghetto . 
  well , would you rather be poor in poland or in the us ? 
  i do n't know about poland specifically , but i sure know i do n't want to be poor in the us . 
  of huilen . 
  the thing with turkey is that it had been pro-west for several decades ... 
  but nothing came out of it . 
  at least , not quick enough for them . 
  i mean , it makes sense . 
  it 's such a huge country with a lot of problems . 
  no wonder it wo n't happen within a few years . 
  but let 's look at how long they 've been trying : it has been in an associate agreement ( like the one we 're discussing about with ukraine ) since 1964 . 
  let that sink in for a moment . 
  we 're in a custom 's union with turkey since 1996 . 
  we 're talking about a process which has literally taken more than half a century . 
  i 'm not surprised the sentiment ( especially at the top ) is turning it 's back on the western world . 
  there were simply too many things happening for turkey at the time ( including its problems with armenia , cyprus , kurdistan , several coups ) that it was impossible to move ahead with the integration quickly . 
  and now , more than half a century later , they 're moving away from us further than ever before . 
  no surprise , given the circumstances . 
  if , however , they make another 180 turn , solve their issues with cyprus and the kurds , do n't experience any coups and make their eastern region a bit more developed , there is actual hope . 
  and once they 're in europe , they will integrate with the european culture and ideals , making it less likely they 'll vote for another erdogan . 
  obviously , looking at hungary , things are never certain . 
  but such is life . 
  anyway . 
  i 'm going to read your article now  . 
  so basically you 're saying `` i do n't want them in the eu in their current form '' . 
  i think every single person in the eu can agree on that , even the most europhilic people . 
  the thing is , i notice a similar sentiment when it comes to turkey : `` oh , no , look at turkey nowadays . 
  no way they can even become part of the eu . 
  what 's up with these eurocrats negociating with them ? '' . 
  obviously turkey has to make a complete 180 turn compared what it has been doing since erdogan took office ( and before as well ) , before even coming close to an eu-member state . 
  but that does not mean there is no possibility in the future . 
  again , just look at poland in 2004 and 15 years prior . 
  a lot can change . 
  it 's best to leave options open rather than to outright say `` no '' . 
  or so is my opinion . 
  which is why i think the argument `` i voted against because this will bring ukraine closer to an eu-member and ukraine is not a country we want in the eu '' invalid - it would never become an eu-member state in its current form ... yet that is what people fear ... 
  which does n't make any sense . 
  anyway . 
  i happen to be fluent in dutch  . 
  so the articles are much appreciated !, 
  right , so you said :  we should n't promise them anything more than a possibility to join the eu . 
  and before you said :  [ i just do n't want them into the eu ( which they inevitably will join ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4dw4x4/a_no_voter_on_the_dutch_referendums_opinion/d1w20qu ) so what 's it going to be ? 
  you want to offer them a possibility while in the end still refusing them ? 
  edit : can you elaborate on the cheap labour comment ? 
  i am not familiar with that .
