  in 2007 , 38.7 % of the european union 's natural gas total imports and 24.3 % of consumed natural gas originated from russia '' now i do n't know about you , but i find it hard to imagine that eastern europe ( which has the highest dependency on russian gas/oil ) can find means to generate electricity and warm houses right on the spot . 
  and if it ca n't , those people are gon na have a loooong and cooold winter . 
  not to mention all the companies being shut down due to lack of electricity . 
  although the continent itself may only use oil for 20 % of its power consumption ( which i think is a too low estimate , but i 'm on a simple android now , ca n't find good sources quickly ) , some eastern european countries rely on it in the 80-100 % region . 
  it may not cause havoc in western europe , but it will cause it in eastern europe ( and by that , through the whole continent ) . 
  thank you for the addition !, 
  i just did a quick read through wikipedia and that is what i found . 
  i should 've indeed used the word `` republic '' rather than `` region '' . 
  silly of me that the word did n't dawn upon me . 
  it does make things a different issue . 
  eastern ukraine does not have any sense of autonomy ( but that 's about to change , if i understand poroshenko correctly ) . 
  if i remember correctly , crimea did already have some autonomy , but it was never granted any more autonomy than it initially gained during the fall of the soviet union . 
  for what it 's worth , i find it curious how , if a region wants to secede from their country , they are being held tight by law if the governing country does not support it . 
  i 'm talking about catalonia now . 
  obviously you ca n't have world politics functioning well if countries change in composition regularly ; but i still find it ... peculiar . 
  interestingly i just wrote a kind of summary about it in this post . 
  i busy over an hour , so i had n't seen your post yet . 
  it 's fun to see i 'm not the only one thinking that . 
  perhaps the history of europe from a yugoslavic point of view ? 
  just some highlights i find by wikipedia'ing a bit : they are given quite some importance in initiation the first world war , and actually started existing as a result of the first world war . 
  in between the world wars they had quite some trouble figuring out how to rule their country , both inside ( separatists ) and outside ( germany , italy and the soviet union had different plans for yugoslavia ) . 
  with nazism in germany and fascism in italy gaining momentum , the country was divided about what to do ( a pact was signed , but was opposed by the military and so a coup was done ) . 
  during the second world war , yugoslavia was split up , with croatia being a nazi-satellite state . 
  the remainder of the country was occupied by axis powers ; and two opposing groups within yugoslavia ( the communist partisans and the royalist chetniks ) fought among themselves and the axis powers . 
  the partisans were able to expel the axis powers and , with help from the uk and the soviet union , gained control of yugoslavia . 
  socialist ( communist ? ), 
  yugoslavia was now born . 
  with its ideological ties with the soviet union and neighbour bulgaria , things seemed to go along well . 
  however , yugoslavia wanted to claim albania and parts of greece by instigating a civil war there . 
  bulgaria agreed to help , but stalin vetoed this plan ; causing the divide between yugoslavia and the soviet union . 
  yugoslavia opposed both western nato and eastern warsaw pact . 
  it formed an international `` non-alligment movement '' . 
  the country remained in this agreement until its dissolvement . 
  over the course of the years , greater autonomy was given to the various regions , due to the ethno-cultural differences within each region . 
  in the years prior the tito 's death ( 1980 , tito was the ruler of yugoslavia since 1945 , though the regions themselves were handled in a democratic way ; somehow ) , there were already strong ethnic tensions , though these were in part resolved by a 1974 resolution in which the regions gained even more regional rights ( languages , for example ) . 
  after tito 's death these tensions grew only stronger . 
  serbia , the main power in yugoslavia tried to revert things to how it was prior 1974 , but this was denounced by slovenia and croatia ( regions within yugoslavia at the time ) . 
  in the late 80s , kosovo ( part of serbia with a 80 % albanian majority ) came in state of conflict between its albanian and non-albanian citizens . 
  serbia tried to solve things `` democratically '' by giving everyone a vote in future of yugoslavia . 
  with the serbs being the majority , this was obviously a means to give serbia more power . 
  the slovenian and croation delegation left the congress and all-yugoslav communist party was dissolved . 
  with the fall of communism in the rest of europe , all regions started to have democratic elections ( with serbia holding on tightest to communism ) . 
  war broke out when the new secession movements wanted to replace to old yugoslav entities . 
  there was a kind of stand off between on the one hand serbia , montenegro , kosovo and vojvodina ( northern part autonomous of serbia , just like kosovo is the southern autonomous part ) on the one hand and croatia , slovenia , macedonia and bosnia and herzegovina on the other hand . 
  the second group tried to claim the right to self-determination , but this was rejected by the former group , arguing that the serbian minorities within the second group should also have this right ( as in ; serbian minorities in croatia would also have the right to self-determination ; something opposed by the croats ) . 
  mid 1991 , croatia and slovenia declared independence . 
  yugoslavia tried an attack from within by forcing the military bases within these two countries to fight back ; but miscommunication and agreement with the situation by the military situation there stopped this . 
  the posts were retaken with minimal loses . 
  late 1991 , with some international pressure , there was cease-fire between civilians and yugoslav military ; but this would not last in croatia . 
  a bloody war broke out between the croats and serbs , with the latter being backed through equipment and manpower by yugoslavia ( see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_serbian_krajina#mediaviewer/file:croatianserbs.jpg ) . 
  in december 1991 macedonia seceded as well ; though this was done without any problems . 
  macedonia and serbia maintained friendly relations . 
  the un voted unanimously to bring in peacekeeping operations in what is left of yugoslavia . 
  meanwhile in bosnia and herzegovina , the serbs attempted through an illegal referendum to create their own serbian region within bih . 
  shortly after , bih as a whole held a referendum to secede from yugoslavia ; but this was boycotted by the serbs and deemed illegal by the yugoslav politicians in belgrade ( serbia ) . 
  bosnia declared independence anyway , and so the did the serbs within bosnia ( republika srpska ) . 
  a war broke out in bosnia and herzogovina , a country with 44 % muslim bosniaks , 31 % orthodox serbs and 17 % catholic croats . 
  the war lasted several years ( bosnian war ) , with the serbs/ex-yugoslavs always on one side and the croats and bosniaks on similar or independent side . 
  in 1994 nato joined forces with the latter ( croats and bosniaks ) . 
  only by late 1995 was a peace achieved . 
  yugoslavia had now shrunk to serbia ( and its two autonomous regions ) and montenegro , and was its legal successor . 
  kosovo , with a huge albanian population , wanted further autonomy . 
  this was blocked by serbia and montenegro , which caused yet another war . 
  yugoslavia on one side , and kosovo on the other . 
  kosovo was able to get weapons smuggled through albania . 
  in 1999 nato intervened by bombing yugoslavian military bases ; an act * not * approved by the un . 
  the un did pressure yugoslavia in ending the war and not allowing kosovo to hold any referendum for 3 years and the bombings stopped . 
  yugoslav president milo\u0161evi\u0107 declared it a victory for yugoslavia , but was indicated for war crimes . 
  in 2008 kosovo declared independence , though this is not recognized by a majority of nations : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo#mediaviewer/file:countriesrecognizingkosovo.svg . 
  meanwhile , in 2006 a referendum was held in montenegro , with a mere 55.5 % voting for independence . 
  serbia because the legal successor of yugoslavia . 
  in 2004 slovenia entered the european union . 
  in 2013 croatia entered the european union . 
  in 2004 macedonia applied for membership . 
  in 2009 albania ( though never part of yugoslavia , definitely important ) applied for membership . 
  since 2008 and 2009 , montenegro and serbia started negotiating application of membership . 
  = - = - = what i find interested is that nato was in favour of the break-up of yugoslavia , but is strongly opposed of the break-up of ukraine . 
  furthermore , it 's interesting to see that spain , with strong separatist movements , does not recognize kosovo while most of its `` western allies '' do . 
  it 's also interesting , to me , how yugoslavia ended up not united the countries , while the eu is now trying to unite the whole continent . 
  i wonder how the eu will handle when all of the balkan states are part of the eu and there are new ethnic tensions there . 
  yugoslavia obviously did poorly by basing their power at the serbs . 
  anyway , it was an interesting search for me and i hope an interesting summary for people reading this . 
  edit : when i started writing this , no one yet suggested this . 
  now i see atleast 3 people suggesting the same , haha . 
  you make some good points . 
  i wonder to what extent in the context `` being connected to central europe '' the choice between two routes matters . 
  i mean , on the one hand , you have the baltic way . 
  you 'd go through estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland and only then will you reach what is currently known as `` rich and prosperous '' europe ( germany , france , uk , northern italy , alpes , netherlands/belgium , denmark/sweden/norway and to a certain extent czech republic ) . 
  on the other hand , a straight route towards stockholm will bring you in the `` rich and prosperous '' realm way quicker . 
  that said , we do n't know how europe looks like once these programs would hypothetically be finished , especially with poland and the baltics having quite some potential . 
  furthermore , stockholm is the far edge of this realm , whereas entering from poland , you 're more centralized , which offers its advantages . 
  taken as every country with gpd/capita over 30k : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_%28nominal%29_per_capita excluding spain due to its financial instability . 
  interesting read !, 
  well , one argument in favour of a stockholm - helsinki track , if a helsinki-tallinn track is being built , is that stockholm 's economy is more than 5 times as big as that of tallinn . 
  so even if the increase of trade between stockholm and helsinki will only increase by 20 % compared to the increase of trade between helsinki and tallinn , it 'll be as economically useful ( once the costs are covered ) . 
  in an attempt to avoid doing homework , i looked at a possible route take , trying to minimalize the amount of bridge/tunnel work , without making too much of a detour . 
  see here the result from stockholm to tallinn : http://i.imgur.com/eqmkl1u.png the total tunnel span would be around 70km for the new part . 
  though using the same approach as illustrated in the picture , the tunnel from helsinki to tallinn would be 62.5 km . 
  so perhaps i overestimated ; making it 60km it reality for my new addition . 
  quite comparable , i suppose .
