  so a different solution needs to be found . 
  ireland is a very pro-eu country , support for membership was around 90 % in a recent poll . 
  but we 're getting fucked over by a decision that has been made in a foreign country . 
  northern ireland also voted in favour of eu membership , but they 're getting fucked over too . 
  only they 're getting fucked by their own countrymen , which is worse in some ways . 
  we ca n't change geography and we ca n't change history , we can only shape our future actions . 
  your hardline position would punish the people of this island in reaction to the self-centred delusions of our neighbour . 
  i do n't like the special deals the uk secured for itself as part of the eu , and i certainly do n't think they should get any special deal on free movement now that they 're leaving . 
  but some deal does need to be struck to keep the irish border as open as possible , because if we do n't then there 's a very real risk of violence . 
  a united ireland may make the most sense logistically , but the majority of people in northern ireland simply do not want that , and it can not be forced without their consent . 
  the majority of people who live there consider themselves british and wish to maintain the union with britain , even if that creates barriers on the island . 
  and the political situation there is so toxically divided that it 's unlikely that you 'd be able to change many minds on the issue . 
  [ ulster ] ( http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~kvgene/maps/ireland.gif ) is a historical province of ireland that 's divided into 9 counties , 6 of which make up northern ireland , and the remaining 3 being in the republic of ireland . 
  ni unionists sometimes erroneously refer to northern ireland as `` ulster '' , but that annoys those in the irish nationalist community as they consider ulster to refer to the wider province . 
  / u/mopeyfeels ' flair is the [ provincial flag of ulster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_ulster ) , which represents all 9 counties of ulster and is more typically used by those who favour irish unity . 
  northern irish unionists generally prefer to use [ the ulster banner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulster_banner ) , which was for a time the official flag of northern ireland , but which technically no longer is . 
  there might be some constitutional experts who will contradict me , but my understanding is that in a federal country ultimate power is divided between states and federal institutions , whereas in a unitary country all power ultimately rests with the central government . 
  that central government may choose to delegate some power to regional governments , but retains the power to overrule or dissolve regional governments should it wish . 
  in the uk 's case , the parliament in westminster has the right to dissolve the scottish parliament at any time and for any reason . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that they would because the political consequences would be enormous , but if that 's what they choose to do then there 's nothing that the scottish parliament could do to stop them . 
  in contrast , the federal government in the us does not have the power to dissolve the state of florida without the consent of florida 's state government . 
  i agree , if the uk was a true `` country of countries '' then the criteria for joining the eu should have been more than a simple 50 % +1 . 
  the 1975 referendum on eec membership ( which was n't technically about * joining * the organisation ) passed with majorities in all four constituent countries , so that passes the criteria . 
  ultimately , it 's up to the people of the uk to decide how they wish to run their country . 
  if they 're happy with the current model of a unitary state with devolved regions , that 's fine , lots of countries are organised that way . 
  but the language they use to describe the uk has created certain expectations that they fail to meet . 
  if they refer to scotland as a `` country '' , they should n't be surprised if the people of scotland expect to have the power of a country , and one of the most important important powers a country has is the ability to decide what international organisations they are a part of . 
  the uk is n't a federal state at all . 
  nor is france . 
  the problem is that the uk likes to present itself to the world as a country of countries . 
  it 's not really , it 's certainly not structured that way constitutionally , but that 's the claim the uk likes to make about itself . 
  well , if you 're going to talk to talk , people are going to expect you to walk the walk . 
  many federally structured countries do place a higher threshold on constitutional change than just a simple majority . 
  for example , in the us a constitutional amendment requires ratification by a minimum of 75 % of the states before it can come into effect . 
  in australia , a constitutional referendum needs a majority both nationally and it needs to pass in 4 out of 6 states . 
  if either of those criteria had applied to the brexit referendum , leave would not have won . 
  there is a wide majority in favour of liberalisation of the prohibition on abortion , but polls suggest there is still a slim majority against the pro-choice position . 
  referendums on allowing the procedure in cases of rape or fatal foetal abnormalities should safely pass if the polls on the issue are accurate , but the catholic right opposes any attempt to do so as being part of a slippery slope towards abortion on demand . 
  unfortunately , our political arrangement got screwed up by a brief civil war in the 1920s , so we do n't have left-right politics like in most european countries . 
  both main parties are broad tent parties that contain powerful conservative wings . 
  neither party wants to touch the abortion issue in fear of pissing off a section of their base , so they both kick the can down the road to the best of their ability . 
  but demand for reform has been steadily growing , and the current government is under a great deal of pressure to finally hold a referendum . 
  i see , so after i exposed your / u/lordadicus account last week you deleted that and moved on to a new alt . 
  good for you !, 
  i 'm not sure what your angle is , but you sure are persistent with this trolling . 
   there is a huge appetite for defending the common travel area on both the irish and british sides . 
  there 's a desire to maintain the cta , sure , but the cta was only about passport free travel and never had anything to say about customs and goods . 
  there were customs checkpoints along the irish border between 1923 and 1993 , at which point they were eradicated by the finalisation of the eu customs union ( although the military checkpoints remained for a few more years after that ) . 
  if the uk wishes to avoid the return of those checkpoints , it will have to remain in the customs union . 
  if it does not , it will not be the eu that is driving a wedge between our countries , it will be the british government that has made the decision to do so . 
  no , the uk would be the ones responsible because they 'd be the ones making the decision to impose the barriers . 
  ultimately , it 's up to the uk to decide how much they value the open border with ireland . 
  they know what they have to do to make that work , and i hope they 'll make the correct decisions . 
  there has been no talk of passport checks , but there has been plenty of talk from british ministers about leaving the customs union so that the uk can sign its own free trade agreements . 
  doing so would require some sort of customs checkpoints along the border . 
  politicians say lots of things that they do n't back up with actions . 
  we 'll see what happens , but i 'm not optimistic that the border will remain as open as it currently is . 
  `` republic of ireland '' ? 
  listen , whenever i 'm confronted by one of these country lists i tap ` i ' and if i do n't find us safely nestled between iraq and israel i give up . 
  then nobody joins . 
  that suits ireland 's interests just fine . 
  you do n't seem to appreciate they you 're the guys that want a change , we 're happy with the status quo and , crucially , we have a veto . 
  you have to accommodate us , not the other way round . 
  that 's the way the eu operates . 
  call it self-serving , call it cowardice , call it obstructionist , it 's simply politics . 
  the irish public will never agree to join an eu army , no irish government would ever dare sign up for one , the eu ca n't force us into one , and you ca n't kick us out of the club . 
  so if this is something other countries really want to do , they 'll find some way to exclude us . 
  yeah , i mean , we won eurovision 7 times . 
  that might not technically be an eu body , but our contribution to european civilisation is clearly unmatched . 
  it 's still a terrible precedent . 
  the whole point of delineating human rights is that they 're supposed to represent some intrinsic ideal that a government can not take away . 
  they 're not supposed to be something that can be chipped away to make things more convenient . 
  no , we see our future involving both . 
  the ecj is no less a part of the eu than the commission . 
  the commission 's ruling certainly is n't infallible , that 's why the european courts exist and have the final say on these matters . 
  if the court rules against ireland , we 'll accept the judgement and move on . 
  if the uk is outside the customs union and starts signing free trade deals with third parties , which was the main economic argument in favour of brexit , then we will have to impose customs checks on the border . 
  not because of any tariffs on british goods , but because of those that exist on goods from america , australia , china , etc. 
  that is the point of the customs union . 
  we all adhere to the same free trade deals so that all goods can move freely between our countries . 
  as such , if the british government chooses to leave the customs union , which seems likely , they are also making the choice to impose some level of border controls in ireland . 
  that is the political reality . 
  and it will be a broken promise to the people of this island who were promised by people like you that there would be no change to the border . 
   we wo n't be imposing anything on ireland . 
  we 're in no position to . 
  we warned you . 
  the irish government warned you for months before the referendum about the impact brexit would have on the border . 
  the taoiseach himself broke normal protocol by going to britain and campaigning for a remain vote , it was that serious an issue for us . 
  but the choice was yours . 
  you chose to leave . 
  now there is one path britain can take to maintain the irish border as it stands : remain in the single market and the customs union . 
  that is a choice that only the british government can make . 
  i hope that 's what they 'll do , but it seems unlikely . 
  but it 's their choice to make . 
  not ours , not brussels . 
  you 're an independent country and it 's up to you to decide what course of action is best for your national interests . 
  sometimes that results in making difficult decisions . 
  those decisions have consequences . 
  you do n't get to weasel out of accepting the blame for the negative ones . 
   the uk does not want there to be a border there .
