  in which case , you do n't want union with ireland at all , you want union with a fantasy country that does n't exist . 
   you are right that we 've never had an irish pm two pms were born in ireland ( [ william petty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_petty,_2nd_earl_of_shelburne ) and the iconic [ arthur wellesley ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arthur_wellesley,_1st_duke_of_wellington ) ) , but whether they are irish is a matter of debate . 
   we share so much history i 'm sorry , but i 've seen so many british people claim that we have a shared history , and that 's just not true . 
  we may have shared a country , but we do not share a history . 
  i can guarantee you that the history of britain you learned in school was very different from the history of ireland i learned in school . 
  not just in terms of content , but in emphasis and tone . 
  and that difference shapes how we each understand our nations and our place in the world today . 
  the fact that so many british people do n't appear to understand that just works as further proof that we do n't belong together . 
   i know this is a bit controversial but i 'd love to see honest opinions about ireland rejoining the uk in a very federal system . 
  the idea just does n't make sense to me . 
  i 'm not british , so why would i want to be part of their country ? 
  it would be like ireland joining the french republic , why would we do that ? 
  but even ignoring the issue of national identity , i still do n't see the point . 
  we 'd get the nhs and could access iplayer without having to use proxies . 
  in return , we 'd lose all ability to pursue our own unique interests at the eu and un . 
  hell , we 'd risk being pulled out of the eu against our will . 
  we 'd be a peripheral region of a country which has a track record of ignoring the needs of its periphery . 
  we 'd be party to illegal and sometimes downright immoral military actions . 
  we 'd be subsumed into a culture which frequently misunderstands or misrepresents us . 
  and the truth is that , as much as the uk likes to present itself as a nation of nations , it is in practice just england and friends . 
  england dominates the uk in politics , in economics , in culture . 
  the uk can never be anything close to a union of equals . 
  joining that is just not an attractive proposition at all . 
  eh , you * kinda * did ... 
  that transfer is occurring . 
  ni currently has an insanely high deficit of around 30 % and the british government are the ones covering that cost . 
  right now the republic is just barely managing to fund ourselves , we simply can not afford to pay for ni 's deficit on top of our own . 
  a united ireland would require savage tax rises and spending cuts across the island , and that 's not politically viable . 
  if there is ever to be a united ireland , ni would need to approach self-sufficiency first . 
   because it 's richer than the uk and can provide a transfer of wealth the uk does n't . 
  the republic of ireland may * technically * be richer than the uk on a per-capita basis , but the uk has a much , much larger population . 
  the cost of subventing ni is trivial for britain , but for the rest of ireland it would be a significant challenge . 
  so something like [ this incident from the 80s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zkgzukqg0k ) ? 
  the esri addressed that idea in this report . 
  they believe that ireland will gain some additional investment , but that most businesses leaving the uk were likely to invest in bigger economies on the continent . 
  then it 's an insular belief and one which should not be applied to ireland . 
  eu membership has its downsides , but it is widely regarded here as the basis of ireland 's prosperity over the last few decades . 
  that poll i linked to also showed that 84 % believe that the eu has been beneficial to ireland overall . 
  british eurosceptics can believe that eu membership has been detrimental to the uk if they want , but that does n't mean it has been detrimental for the rest of us . 
  and if anyone genuinely believes that ireland will follow the uk out the door then they do n't understand irish society , irish politics , or irish economics . 
   people are much more likely to suggest it could push ireland to leave the eu , which they would view as a positive thing . 
  people who think that appear to severely underestimate how popular eu membership is in ireland . 
  [ a poll ] ( http://utv.ie/news/2015/05/29/majority-of-irish-people-want-to-remain-in-eu-38106 ) from earlier this year found that found that 86 % of people support continued membership , with that only dropping to 77 % in the event that the uk leaves . 
  people here have our concerns about the eu , but the prospect of leaving simply does n't have any traction . 
  i fear you may have misinterpreted negative comments directed at you by my countrymen because of your unpleasant nature as having an anti-british basis . 
  i can assure you that most irish people have no real dislike of the average brit , merely the cuntish ones . 
  this was n't a duplicate . 
  i did check the recent submissions before posting , and you can see yourself that the only other submission on this topic was posted an hour after i submitted this one . 
  but the other one received more upvotes for whatever reason and was more visible , so i understand why you chose to cull this one instead . 
  no hard feelings . 
  just , you know , do n't be calling me out for not following proper procedure , is all . 
  but ni makes up less than 3 % of the uk 's population , so even if they unanimously opposed same-sex marriage it would n't make a significant impact on the total . 
  also , polls have repeatedly shown the that majority of people in ni support same-sex marriage . 
  it 's the the unionist parties in the assembly that are blocking it for some reason . 
  so everybody should burn more fossil fuels as it will help us to meet our lower emissions target ? 
  the grand old duke of belarus he ruled ten million men he marched them all to the polling station and was re-elected again, 
  because trade is broken down into both imports and * exports * , the latter of which you chose to omit from your analysis for some reason . 
  according to the source you provided , ireland exported $ 1,195 m to the uk and $ 3,613 m to the rest of the eu in may 2015 . 
  that 's * three times as much * . 
  when accounting for both imports and exports , the combined volume of trade with the eu-26 is twice that with the uk . 
  understand now ? 
  this letter is merely shit stirring by a uup lord . 
  this same guy also suggested that [ scotland should be partitioned ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/opinion/letters/partition-could-come-north-of-border-1-2052665 ) depending on the outcome of the referendum . 
  the uk is ireland 's largest trading partner in the eu , but we do twice as much trade with the 26 other countries combined . 
  our single biggest trading partner globally is actually the us , much of that trade being predicated on the fact that ireland serves as a gateway to the eu for american companies . 
  our economy is heavily invested in and dependant upon our continuing membership of the eu . 
  the uk leaving the eu will be bad for our economy . 
  ireland leaving alongside them would be devastating . 
  it is not an option . 
  something similar was attempted in ireland . 
  the results were ... not ideal . 
  i 'm not saying that trump conspired with the russian government at all , i 'm saying that putin may in a position to blackmail trump in the future by threatening to leak information about his past that could undermine his presidency . 
  now , maybe there 's nothing there for the russians to find , maybe all the shady details of trump 's past were already discovered during the election campaign . 
  but if there is still a skeleton in his closet , leaking that information at a critical moment could be enough to paralyse trump 's administration and consequently neuter us authority globally . 
  trump probably has a lot of skeletons in his closet , some of which we 've seen already ( `` grab 'em by the pussy '' ) , but not all of them . 
  russian intelligence is working overtime right now in an effort to uncover them all . 
  i remember seeing it being discussed on tv , but i ca n't find an actual poll on the subject , so perhaps i 'm misremembering . 
  but there are some anecdotal examples [ in this article ] ( http://www.marieclaire.com/politics/a23149/the-secret-hillary-clinton-voters/ ) . 
  in the more rural and religious areas , prime trump country , there 's still an expectation among some men that wives should vote the same way as their husbands , but trump is so unpalatable to many women that they just ca n't do that in this case . 
  [ there is evidence ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/10/marriage-after-trump/504440/ ) in some polls that married women , who traditionally lean republican , are favouring hillary in this election , and that the gap in support between married women and married men is about double what it was in previous elections . 
  so one thing 's for sure , there 's going to be some strained relationships come november 9th . 
  polls have actually discovered that the opposite is true . 
  there are many women married to trump supporters who were reluctant to admit that they 're actually planning to vote for hillary , but they 're publicly pretending that they support trump . 
  in fairness , silver 's model gives trump a 35 % chance of winning right now , so it 's not all that unlikely that he could win . 
  but yes , on balance hillary is the likely winner . 
  still too close for comfort though . 
  trump gained in the polls that came out shortly after the fbi story broke , even leading in some of them , but clinton has recovered some ground since then , at least in the national polls . 
  it 's still very close , certainly not a spanking . 
  right , i 've encountered a poe 's law dilemma . 
  i mean , you ca n't possibly be serious , but this is 2016 , so ... fuck it , that 's enough internet for me today . 
  i 'm off to bed so that i can stare at the ceiling and have an existential crisis about the nature of western society whilst praying for the sweet relief of unconsciousness . 
   i doubt that any of the wider public ever gave a shit about parliamentary sovereignty . 
  most of them could n't even spell it , let alone define it . 
  call me an elitist snob if you want , but that 's the argument right there against giving supreme constitutional power to the public . 
  i was joking , i think it 's great that my nephew gets to have a more fun halloween than i did , although the lack of fruit in his treat bag probably wont be good for his health . 
  well , we kinda co-invented halloween , so nobody complains about the holiday itself , but some do lament the adoption of american traditions that replace native ones , such as pumpkin carving replacing the traditional turnip carving . 
  what bothers me is the commercialisation of halloween now . 
  shops encourage people to put up halloween decorations as though it were a spooky christmas . 
  my sister has halloween tinsel up in her house . 
  what the fuck is halloween tinsel ?!,
