  that 's not to say that it was always easy for them to live in a country with such a strong catholic ethos , but they were n't facing the same sort of discrimination that happened in ni for much of its history . 
  i do n't think any sensible , informed person believes that monarchies hold countries back , they are just a ceremonial position after all . 
  republicanism is n't about better governance , it 's about the values you want your country to hold and promote . 
  for me , i like knowing that my head of state grew up in relative poverty and earned his position by working toward it and gaining the trust and respect of the people . 
  that would n't settle anything . 
  if northern ireland ever voted to join the republic of ireland , hardline loyalists would go berserk and there 'd be a very real risk of violence re-erupting . 
  if the vote was to remain in the uk , which it almost certainly would be , sinn f\u00e9in would just wait a few decades until there 's a catholic majority and demand another referendum . 
  the best solution is just to maintain the peace for as long as possible until the old hatreds die out . 
   you 're british at heart . 
  this is the most shameful experience of my life . 
   it was seen as laying claim to the north in fairness , the irish constitution pretty much did lay claim to the north . 
  the british government dropped their objection to the name when we removed the `` national territory '' claim from the constitution . 
  they are not in any way hippies . 
  generally speaking , irish travellers are socially conservative and religious , and they 're more famous for starting fights than promoting love and peace . 
  they 're just about everywhere . 
  most towns have one or more halting sites ( official areas for travellers to stay ) , and you 'll sometimes see their caravans illegally parked up on the side of the road or in fields . 
  a lot of them do n't actually travel but are settled down in permanent accommodation , typically within their own small communities . 
  i think it would be neat to have another english-speaking country in the eu , especially one of similar size to ireland . 
  it has the potential to shake up british-irish relations quite a bit as there are some policies areas where the three countries would have to work together , such as the maintenance of the common travel area . 
  whether it would be good for scotland is debatable . 
  i think the snp are overly optimistic , while the pro-union side are overly negative . 
  there are advantages and disadvantages to being a small country , and while i personally think the good outweighs the bad , the people of scotland are used to living in a highly influential country and may value things differently . 
   probably it 's similiar to gaelic ( another celtic language from scotland ) too scots gaelic is actually descended from middle irish , and so is very similar to modern irish . 
   also when you consider next year we 're likely to have a referendum on gay marriage i dont see how you can describe the current fg as ultra conservative and 80s fg as liberal . 
  i see the gay marriage referendum as somewhat reactionary . 
  if the polls can be believed , public support is heavily is favour , and all major political parties support it . 
  that 's a referendum intended to bring the law in line with public opinion , it 's not one attempting to drive public opinion in a more liberal direction . 
  that 's where i see the fitzgerald government as more liberal , they were trying to introduce liberal social policies at a time when ireland was still entrenched with a catholic conservative mindset , which is why the first divorce referendum failed . 
   its not a dumb system its the peoples fault , infact proportional representation by single transferable vote is one of the best and fairest voting systems in the world . 
  do n't get me wrong , i quite like our voting system , i 'm not criticising that . 
  the problem is the people who vote for a party because that 's the party their father voted for , because that 's the party * his * father voted for , because that 's the side * his * father fought in during the civil war . 
  i was hoping the 2011 election would bring an end to that , and i 'm hoping that the 2016 election may bring an end to it too . 
  but if the best we can hope for is a ff/fg coalition ending decades of pointless partisanship , i fear the medicine may be worse than the disease . 
  i agree that both parties are right wing now , my point was that this has n't always been the case historically as both parties have moved around the spectrum . 
  many politicians do n't join ff or fg because of their policies , they join because it 's their family 's party , and as such both parties have members on the left and right . 
  sometimes a left wing faction win out and one of the parties will go that way . 
  fg may be ultra conservative now , but in the 80s they led what was arguably the most liberal government we ever had . 
  it 's a dumb system , and people are increasingly fed up with it as we can see from the huge support for independents in recent polls . 
  but knowing our luck , ff will return to power at the next election and the cycle will repeat . 
  in truth , irish politics does n't really do the left-right thing that most countries do . 
  ff and fg ca n't truly be classified as left or right , they 're populist parties that dance around that line . 
  i guess fine gael would tend to be a bit more right wing , but even they went left under fitzgerald in the 80s . 
  irish politics just does n't make sense , it 's rooted in a civil war that does n't matter a damn any more , and trying to compare it to european norms like this map does is a bit silly . 
  i think it 's a case of a picture saying a thousand words . 
  relations between our two countries have been good for a while now , particularly amongst the citizenry , but actually seeing the uk laying out the red carpet for our president makes it seem more real . 
  for the 2011 census , [ less than 30 % of people in ni chose irish as one of their national identities ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_districts_in_northern_ireland_by_national_identity ) . 
  it was a non-exclusive choice , so they could have chosen both british and irish if they wanted , but over 70 % of people chose not to . 
  just under 50 % chose british , while around 30 % chose northern irish . 
   and no european government will accept it either . 
  i would n't be so sure of that . 
  kosovo proves that most eu countries will accept unilateral declarations of independence . 
  on top of that , many european nations have a historical narrative of struggling for independence from a larger power , so the catalans will have some sympathy in certain european governments . 
  nobody wants to risk creating bad relations with spain , but if the catalans really insist on independence then the spanish government likely will come under pressure from some of their european partners to grant it . 
  officially , yes . 
  but some historians take a more cynical view of dev 's attitude towards northern ireland . 
  its absence , and the absence of its considerable protestant population , allowed dev to pursue a strict catholic social policy that would not have been feasible in a united ireland . 
  so he officially wanted irish unity , and he put that territorial claim on ni in the constitution , but he did n't do much to try and make it happen . 
  not to worry , [ fianna f\u00e1il are coming to the rescue ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/oireachtas/fianna-f%c3%a1il-leader-confirms-party-will-run-candidates-in-the-north-in-2019-1.1734326 ) . 
  they 'll bring refreshing new forms of corruption and cronyism to northern irish politics, 
  there 's a couple of factors . 
  the irish independence movement in the early 20th century fought to create an independent irish republic , but during the negotiations the british government refused to allow full independence and only offered dominion status within the british empire . 
  irish parliamentarians were forced to make an oath of allegiance to the british monarch , which proved to be a bitter pill to swallow and led in-part to a brief civil war . 
  the republican side lost that war , but the whole affair fuelled anti-monarchical sentiment in ireland for decades . 
  ireland was eventually declared a republic in 1949 , finally breaking the link to the crown . 
  so an irish president making an official state visit to the uk is historic in the sense that this was an office the british establishment once tried to prevent , but now they welcome it with open arms . 
  it also signifies that anti-monarchical sentiment in ireland has died down to the point where only a fringe minority oppose such a visit . 
  also , as rrea436 says , the status of northern ireland has been a sore spot between the irish and british governments since the island was partitioned , especially during the troubles . 
  there was a great deal of anger and distrust between the two governments , and the two societies at large . 
  but after the belfast agreement of 1998 , almost all of that animosity has gone away and our two countries are now extremely friendly . 
  following on from the state visit of the queen to ireland in 2011 , this is the final step in the normalisation of relations between our two countries . 
  this is the last `` first time '' as it were . 
  the second guy is pretty much a real-life trevor . 
  considering the riots that took place over a flag being taken down , i would imagine that some extreme loyalists would go fucking mental at the prospect of uniting with the republic . 
  there have been theoretical discussions in the republic about ways we could be more accommodating to the unionist community , with suggestions such as rejoining the commonwealth , adopting a new flag , and making the 12th of july a public holiday . 
  but those are just trifling things and likely would n't satisfy the extremists . 
  but it should be pointed out that support for a united ireland in ni is really low right now , even a majority of catholics are opposed to it according to recent polls . 
   northern ireland is definitely politically and socially closer to eire than the uk on many issues . 
  ( abortion , same-sex marriage ect ) people say that a lot , but i do n't know how true that is . 
  politics in ni is as alien to us in the republic as it is to people in britain . 
  politics in the republic is fairly normal , it 's about the economy and social issues and scandals and whatever . 
  the sort of sectarian , identity-focused politics that dominates ni just is n't a feature here . 
  socially , i know ireland has a reputation as a conservative catholic country , but a lot of that has fallen by the wayside in the last two decades , while progress appears to have been slower in ni , particularly amongst the protestant community . 
  taking your gay marriage example ; [ all polls in recent years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_the_republic_of_ireland#public_opinion ) have shown support for gay marriage in the republic stands at around 75 % ( and the government have announced a referendum on it will be held next year ) , [ but in ni ] ( http://www.qub.ie/schools/schoolofsociologysocialpolicysocialwork/newsandevents/title,437098,en.html ) only a slim majority are in favour , with only 45 % of protestants supporting it . 
  not that it matters much anyway , the republic is too small to be able to financially support ni in its current state . 
  alright , but the queen must marry michael d and create a new line of heirs . 
   the irish also do n't seem to like the rest of us in the uk , though . 
  i disagree with this in the modern context , irish people tend to get on quite well with brits these days , but historically you may be on to something . 
  at various points in history , the spanish , french , and germans attempted to assist irish rebels fighting against british rule . 
  as such , mainland europe was n't seen as a threat that needed to be kept at bay with a strong navy , as it would have been in england , instead it was seen as a source of potential liberators . 
  all that money the eu gave us to improve our crappy infrastructure did n't hurt either . 
  now that i see the map , it 's pretty clear that merkel is actually encouraging china to invade taiwan . 
  certain types of firearm are legal , but they 're subject to some of the strictest regulations in the world . 
  farmers and hunters are able to purchase shotguns and rifles , but they must store the guns in a safe when not in use . 
  you can also purchase a gun for the purpose of target shooting if you 're a member of a licensed gun club . 
  possession of a firearm in public is illegal , and handguns are completely banned afaik . 
  the situation in northern ireland , unsurprisingly , is complicated . 
  [ they held a vote on gay marriage last year ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/northern-ireland-mlas-vote-against-same-sex-marriage-890399-apr2013/ ) and it was voted down 53 - 42 . 
  worse , it was what is called a cross-community vote , meaning it needed the majority of politicians from both the nationalist ( catholic ) and unionist ( protestant ) communities to vote for it in order to pass . 
  the nationalist parties unanimously voted in favour , but only 3 unionist politicians voted in favour . 
  this means unionist politicians can effectively veto gay marriage even if the majority of the assembly votes in favour of it in the future .
