  cork 's official population is 120,000 , almost 200,000 if you include the suburbs , but it 's over 200km away from dublin therefore will not show up on the map . 
  limerick 's population is hard to define because of recent changes to way the city is organised , and due to suburbs in county clare that are excluded , but the official population is only 95,000 . 
  galway 's official population is only 75,000 . 
  that 's the dichotomy of enda . 
  as a chief executive he 's actually quite effective , his government steadied a sinking ship and pushed through overdue reforms . 
  barring a major scandal , history will probably judge him as one of our more successful leaders . 
  but the mcnulty affair last year , where he applied pressure behind the scenes in an attempt to get a family friend elected senator , sealed his image in my eyes as an old-style corrupt politician . 
  he puts his friends first , his party second , and the public interest a distant third . 
  that type of politics has been the bane of our country for too long , and it needs to end . 
   the french ( and the irish ? ), 
  the dutch . 
  ireland was due to have a referendum on the constitution , but it was cancelled due to the french and dutch results . 
  we did vote against the nice and lisbon treaties before re-running them and voting in favour . 
  i 'm going to continue to speak my language , the language of my parents , my grandparents , my great-grandparents , and so on . 
  that language is english . 
  that is not a bad thing , it is just a thing . 
  we should do what we can to keep the irish language alive in the gaeltacht , and we should encourage ( though not force ) people to learn it . 
  anything beyond that would be crazy . 
  we ca n't undo the crimes of the past , and only a fool would try . 
  i 've never been able to find gnp comparison figures for europe , but [ gni ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gni_%28ppp%29_per_capita ) is roughly similar and that places us around the same level as the uk and france , but still well short of the netherlands and sweden . 
  ireland did an excellent job positioning itself as a bridge for american multinationals wanting to establish themselves in the european market . 
  we 're english-speaking , in the eurozone , have low corporate taxes , a well educated workforce , and in the 1990s we had low wages , although that has changed with time . 
  a lot of big tech and pharma multinationals have a presence in ireland for those reasons , which inflates our gdp figures . 
  economists typically say that gdp is a poor way to measure the irish economy for that reason and instead believe that gnp is a better reflection of the `` real '' economy . 
  yes , i can see that madras is starving , but i really need them to focus on gold production right now so that i can afford to buy an opera house for london . 
  i promise that i 'll return the city to growth in a few more turns . 
  but so did most of the countries with same-sex marriage , was my point . 
  i 'm not sure why you singled out the uk when the same is true of france , new zealand , uruguay , and so on . 
  the uk did n't hold a vote on same-sex marriage , it was introduced via parliament , much like in the rest of europe . 
   as the past has shown europe tends to listens almost always to a country 's referendum . 
  hahahaha !, 
  they listen , all right . 
  then they ask the people to vote again , and vote the right way this time . 
  but ireland used to be super catholic and i 've never heard of it before . 
  typical , we missed out on the fun parts of catholicism ( name days , carnival , etc. ), 
  but got all the bad parts ( lent , paedophile priests , etc. 
  never , never , never , say [ never ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9uhhle6we0 ) !, 
  ironically , ireland uses a proportional system because the uk forced us to . 
  at the time of independence , they insisted we use stv so that the unionist minority would be represented fairly in parliament . 
  but the unionist parties dissolved a few years later , so it was never useful for its original purpose . 
  still , we got a decent voting system out of it , so hurrah for the brits !, 
  australia only uses stv for senate elections . 
  they use instant runoff voting for elections to the house of representatives . 
   the 1960 's easter rising your understanding of irish history is quite muddled . 
  the easter rising happened in dublin in 1916 , it was soundly defeated by british forces , but it inspired the war of independence 3 years later . 
  but you 're kinda right on your original point , the ira did n't beat the british army during the war of independence , the result was a military stalemate and compromised peace . 
  the british government did n't want to legitimise the ira by sending the army to fight them , instead they chose to militarise the police and let them handle the rebels . 
  that backfired terribly as the crown forces lacked the discipline of a real army and engaged in murder , looting , and a campaign of terror against the population . 
  that caused public opinion in britain to turn against the campaign and political pressure mounted on prime minister lloyd george to negotiate . 
  during the negotiations , lloyd george threatened the irish delegation with full-scale war if they did n't agree to compromise . 
  he reportedly claimed that he could send a soldier to monitor every man , woman , and child in ireland if he wished . 
  under that sort of pressure , the irish delegation agreed to sign the compromise deal , which led to a brief civil war in ireland between those who accepted the compromise and those who wanted to fight on . 
  we 've had `` civil partnerships '' in ireland for several years now , which are similar to marriage but lack certain legal rights . 
  the big difference is that marriage is a protected institution in the irish constitution , whereas civil partnerships are not . 
  so is david cameron , but he supported the introduction of same-sex marriage in england & wales despite the opposition from the majority of his party 's mps . 
  this reform has been brought about under conservative pms in several countries now , so that 's not an explanation for merkel 's opposition . 
   does someone have a `` moral standing '' in order to be allowed to have an opinion ? 
  they 're entitled to an opinion . 
  they 're entitled to their view that marriage should only be between a man and a woman . 
  they 're entitled to express their disappointment at the result of the referendum in ireland . 
  but they crossed a line when they called the result `` a defeat for humanity '' . 
  that was completely out of order . 
  that was not only an insult for the 1.2 million people that voted in favour of same-sex marriage , that was an attempt to vilify us . 
  well , the real villains are in their own church , many of them still holding important positions of power in the vatican hierarchy . 
  they should focus their attention on them , not on the people of ireland who voted in good conscience . 
   so you 're saying that someone ca n't have an opinion on something because an individual that belongs to their own organization did something wrong ? 
  individuals within the church did , yes . 
  individuals committed the crimes , but the church hierarchy covered them up , and it went all the way to the vatican . 
  the cloyne report in ireland found that vatican officials interfered in police investigations into paedophile priests as late as 2008 . 
  the irish pm gave a strongly worded rebuke of the vatican at the time and even went as far as withdrawing the ambassador to the vatican . 
  it was n't just a few bad eggs , covering up child abuse is a systemic problem in the catholic church . 
  until they admit that and hand over all information they have about the abuse and cover up to the relevant legal authorities , they have absolutely no moral standing . 
  they dare to accuse me of participating in a `` defeat of humanity '' because i voted yes ? 
  they can fuck right off . 
   really do n't like the idea of referendums on the rights of a minority . 
  last week , i would have agreed . 
  indeed , i was arguing against other countries holding a referendum on this issue just a few days ago . 
  but my opinion shifted somewhat as i watched the crowd celebrating in dublin castle on saturday . 
  i 've not seen a reaction like that in countries that legislated for same-sex marriage , or where it was decided by the courts , there was something about the people themselves voting for it that made the result more meaningful . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/marriage-referendum-ireland-effect-2124294-may2015/ ) from a lesbian woman explains how the vote changed her outlook and boosted her confidence as she knows now definitively that the majority are on her side . 
  so i do n't know any more . 
  there 's definitely something dodgy about the majority deciding the rights of a minority , but this referendum may be the best thing for the gay community in ireland in the long run . 
  having a single giant referendum to remove the outdated crap from the constitution would be great in theory , but in practice it would be less likely to pass as the no side would have multiple angles of attack . 
  the government prefers the idea of holding several smaller referendums on each individual issue . 
  it will cost more , but it 's the strategically correct move . 
   does anybody have a link to the ireland vote divided by age ? 
  as far as i know , there was no exit poll so we have no way of knowing the demographic breakdown . 
  however , [ a poll ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/seismic-shift-needed-for-no-side-to-carry-referendum-1.2214674 ) on the weekend before the vote claimed that the over 65 age group was leaning towards voting no . 
   the findings show a marked difference in voting intentions between young and older people . 
  among 18 - to 24-year-olds , 71 per cent intend to vote yes and 15 per cent no . 
  by contrast , in the over-65 age group , 52 per cent intend to vote no and 34 per cent yes . 
  but when you consider that those people grew up in the days of holy catholic ireland and most of them remain devoutly religious , the fact that as many as a third of them broke ranks with their church and voted yes is still quite positive . 
   the socialist left wing celtic tiger ireland the what ? 
  ireland has never had a left-wing government in its history . 
  especially not during the celtic tiger days . 
  also , the guardian runs a story at least once a month about how ireland is a theocracy that murders women and children and locks people up for blasphemy . 
  they 're not fans . 
  in principle , i think it 's good . 
  our constitution is like a contract that us citizens have with our government that details what they can and can not do . 
  if they want to change the contract , they have to get our approval first .
