  the uk has a vested interest in keeping the irish economy afloat and would most likely help out again if a second bailout was needed . 
  but in that eventuality , the bulk of the funds would almost certainly come from the imf and esm once again . 
  do you have a source for that , because i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the uk contributed $ 8bn back in 2010 as part of the total $ 85bn of the irish bailout programme , with some of that money coming from their participation in the imf and the rest as a unilateral loan . 
  there was never any option i heard about for the uk government to bailout ireland completely , nor can i find any evidence for it online . 
  in fairness , i read that comment as being in the spirit of a good-natured rivalry . 
  ireland and england have had an acrimonious history , but very few irish people hold that against modern english people . 
  some admittedly do , but they 're as representative of irish people as the bnp are of british people . 
  the purpose of the bill is to bring irish law into line with our constitution in allowing abortion in the event of a threat to the life of the mother . 
  the controversial part is that the bill legislates for abortions in the case where the mother is suicidal and some ~ ~ ignorant muppets ~ ~ esteemed elected representatives think that women will fake suicidal intent in order to get an abortion . 
  meanwhile , catholic lobby groups are putting up posters claiming that this law will be the greatest crime against humanity since the holocaust . 
  in reality , the bill does n't change that much , it 's just formalising procedures for something that was technically already legal at the behest of the echr . 
  the vast majority of people support the bill , the controversy is just catholic groups kicking up a stink . 
  the ipp were irish nationalists but did not seek independence , they were moderates who wanted a `` home rule '' parliament for ireland , similar in status to the modern scottish parliament . 
  when sinn f\u00e9in 's mps carried through their plan for a unilateral declaration of independence and the establishment of a revolutionary parliament in dublin , the ipp chose not to recognise it 's legitimacy . 
  coincidentally , when sinn f\u00e9in decided to use [ the 1918 uk general election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_general_election,_1918 ) as a referendum on irish independence they also only won 47 % of the vote , but they won a majority of the seats and made a unilateral declaration of independence a month later . 
  the 47 % is a bit of a technicality , the party were popular enough that they ran unopposed in a quarter of the island 's constituencies , which caused reduced turnout in their heartlands . 
  had that not been the case their share of the vote would likely have been well over 50 % . 
  but still , it 's interesting that similar scenarios resulted in almost the same number . 
  most sports organisations in ireland pre-date partition and chose not to split in the aftermath . 
  soccer is an exception as the irish football association was founded and based in belfast , and clubs outside ulster felt they were n't being supported properly , so they broke away and formed the football association of ireland in dublin . 
  for decades both the ifa and fai claimed to be the legitimate body representing irish soccer , and they both fielded international teams named simply ` ireland ' . 
  it was only in the 1950s that fifa stepped in and renamed the ifa 's team ` northern ireland ' , and the fai 's team ` republic of ireland ' . 
  i can almost guarantee that the irish government will not recognise catalan independence unless spain does . 
  that 's somewhat hypocritical as ireland made a udi from britain back in 1919 , but the present truth is that it would be against our economic interests to do so , and the government wont want to do anything which maybe be interpreted as supporting the methods of dissident republicans in northern ireland . 
  at most , the irish government will encourage the spanish government to sit at the negotiating table and find a diplomatic solution . 
  the confederate flag was a design specifically chosen to represent a country that was founded on the principle of race-based slavery . 
  it has more recently been appropriated by idiots who like to pretend it was never a racist symbol , but a symbol of heritage . 
  the celtic cross is an ancient symbol that has been used in ireland for over a thousand years to represent christianity and celtic culture . 
  it has more recently been appropriated by idiots who use it to symbolise their racist views . 
  the two situations are literally the opposite of one another . 
   your our brothers , i do n't know a single brit who does n't like the irish . 
  now , perhaps . 
  but the famine occurred in the 19th century when attitudes towards the irish were [ a lot less convivial ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-irish_sentiment#modern_period ) . 
  resolving the famine was n't given the priority needed because those in power simply did n't care enough . 
  in ireland we have the d\u00e1il ( lower house ) and the seanad ( upper house ) . 
  the d\u00e1il has almost all the power and is directly elected using pr-stv . 
  the seanad is a complete mess of a thing that is intended to play an advisory role , much like the british house of lords , but in practice is used by the political parties to reward loyal members , much like the british house of lords . 
  the seanad has 60 seats with three methods of appointment . 
  43 seats are elected by `` vocational panels '' , five constituencies which are supposed to represent different aspects of irish society ; administration , agriculture , culture and education , industry and commerce , and labour . 
  in practice , these panels are made up of tds ( members of the d\u00e1il ) , current senators , and local councillors . 
  in other words , it 's politicians voting for other politicians along party lines . 
  6 seats are directly elected by university graduates ; 3 by graduates of trinity college dublin and 3 by graduates of the national university of ireland . 
  the reasons for these university seats are historical , but it 's in the constitution now and we have to live with them . 
  finally , 11 seats are directly appointed by the taoiseach ( pm ) , which is intended to ensure that the government always has a majority in the chamber . 
  because that 's democracy , apparently . 
  so the seanad is stuffed with party loyalists who spend their days debating stuff they have no real power over . 
  the seanad can only delay the passage of bills by several months , so on the rare occasions when they vote against the government they act as little more than a speed bump . 
  so why does it exist ? 
  that 's a question that many people down the decades have wondered , so in 2013 it was put to a vote . 
  52 % of people voted to keep it on the premise that it would be reformed , but no reform has been enacted yet . 
  surprise , surprise . 
  so the seanad blunders on , eventually leading future generations to ask themselves `` why does the seanad exist ? '', 
  you forgot the gravest sin of all , the time that [ boris yeltsin was too drunk ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/lifestyle/features/20-years-since-boris-yeltsin-kept-the-taoiseach-waiting-289221.html ) to get off a plane to meet our glorious leader . 
  they 're lucky we did n't use our diplomatic insult casus belli to teach them some manners !, 
  [ 7 eurovision victories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_eurovision_song_contest_winners#by_country ) . 
  suck it , sweden !, 
   scotland and wales have devolved governments , a legislature , our own law making abilities on a large amount of topics if that 's your definition of a country then it applies to all the examples you previously dismissed . 
  the [ basque country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_parliament ) has its own government , legislature and laws . 
  so too does [ bavaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/landtag_of_bavaria ) and [ sicily ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicilian_regional_assembly ) . 
  the united kingdom is not unique in europe or the world in having autonomous regions . 
  it is unique ( as far as i 'm aware ) in that it is the only one that refers to such regions as countries . 
  but that is a difference in terminology , it is not a difference in political fact , and it does not grant you any special status internationally that those other regions do not have . 
  allow me to be blunt . 
  by the commonly understood international definition of a country , wales , scotland et al. 
  do not qualify . 
  the uk government refers to its different regions as countries as a way of placating nationalist sentiment . 
  `` you do n't need independence to be a country , you 're already a country ! '', 
  it 's vaguely patronising , but the rest of the world plays along with it because it seems to make the people that live there happy . 
  but do n't press your luck by acting as if your status as a `` country '' makes you different from the other autonomous regions of europe , as though they are somehow inferior entities . 
  a lot of them have more right to call themselves countries than the constituents of the uk , with greater levels of autonomy , but their central governments choose to use different terminology to describe them . 
   they so totally are not controversial though . 
  the irish almost completely accept the term `` british isles '' when referring to the british isles . 
  just a friendly piece of advice , / u/johnkane46 is irish and therefore probably knows what irish people think about this issue far better than you . 
  in fact , english people telling irish people what we really think is probably one of the reasons why we so ardently reject the label of `` british '' . 
  hey now , you should be more sensitive towards them . 
  after all , they live such short lives . 
  the passport is $ 80 , but claiming irish citizenship through an irish grandparent or further back can be quite costly . 
  you would have to register your citizenship on the foreign births registry , which costs around $ 250 , but you must also acquire the documents to prove your lineage ( birth certs and the like ) and there might be extra fees involved in that . 
  i doubt the process would ever cost as much as $ 1000 , but it would certainly be costly enough to discourage people from doing it on a whim . 
  it 's a strange thing . 
  while ireland was de jure under english rule during the reformation and the establishment of the anglican church , english authority was practically non-existent across most of the island . 
  so when king henry viii broke from rome and established the church of ireland as the official state church , the political apparatus necessary to convert the layfolk simply did n't exist . 
  the king , worrying that spain or some other catholic nation would invade ireland and take it from him , set about reconquering the island , a struggle that took several decades . 
  by the time that the reconquest was complete , the counter-reformation was underway and resistance to the anglican conversion was much stronger than in england . 
  so england ended up anglican and ireland remained catholic , and everyone lived happily ever after . 
  the church banned them . 
  the name snickers sounds too much like ` knickers ' , and referring to women 's undergarments is a sin . 
  i do n't think it was unforgivable . 
  it was a crime , but the nazis were a bigger crime and those soldiers played a part in stopping them . 
  what was annoying about the whole pardon affair was the way the british media reported it . 
  it was a morally complex scenario involving soldiers who deserted a volunteer army during an official state of emergency , and their punishment was quite lenient compared to other countries . 
  but much of the british media reported it as if it was an example of britain-bashing from a country of nazi sympathisers , which was a gross misrepresentation of the facts . 
  [ this image explains things succinctly ] ( http://i.imgur.com/enkh1cy.jpg ) . 
  their red and freckled skin will be a necessary sacrifice in the cause of european integration . 
  i 'll tell you what , turkey can have our spot and we 'll move down to the sunny mediterranean . 
  we did n't consent the first time , but when has that ever stopped you guys ? 
  their argument is that ireland as a whole voted for independence in 1918 and that northern ireland is an artificial and gerrymandered statelet established by the british government that defies the desires of the majority of the irish nation . 
  the rest of us believe that all that happened a century ago and that we must deal with the situation as it exists now , not as it did in the 1920s , and that any movement towards irish unity must happen democratically and peacefully . 
  then they call us traitors to the irish republic and blow shit up .
