  i 'm no fan of hillary , but trump is by far the greater evil . 
  but we do n't have the right climate for spaghetti trees . 
  immigration and refugees barely register as political issues over here . 
  all four main parties are generally in favour of helping refugees , none of the smaller parties with representation seem to care all that much , and nobody listens to the micro parties . 
  iirc , the only anti-immigration party in the country , identity ireland , failed to even register for the election . 
  there might be murmurings of discontent on internet forums for a few days , but it 's unlikely that anyone important will try to make a political football out of this . 
  there 's already [ a series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfhehh6idrc ) on the subject of dublin 's gangs . 
  it even had the ira involvement . 
  david norris ' accent is an odd mix . 
  his father was english and served in the british army during both world wars . 
  his mother was an irish unionist and remained a royalist long after independence . 
  david himself was born in the belgian congo and lived there until he was six . 
  he 's also a homosexual , so he 's got a tinge of that stereotypical gay accent . 
  he was frontrunner to become president of ireland back in 2011 , until a heap of scandals scuppered his campaign . 
  it 's almost a shame , he would have defied all the stereotypes the world has about irish people . 
  my country 's land was stolen at one time . 
  some would argue that part of it still is . 
  am i allowed to lecture you on the immorality of israeli settlements in the west bank ? 
  i do n't know why the scots are so proud of their inability to spell whiskey correctly . 
  it 's like the americans and their tendency to forget the letter u in all those words . 
  judging by your comment history i 'm guessing you 're from the north ? 
  in which case it would make sense that you feel some sense of britishness . 
  well , people in the republic generally do n't . 
  we 're irish , and most of us would consider ourselves european to varying degrees , but you wont meet many who consider themselves british in any way . 
   i think that guy was being serious he was n't , / u/citee _ londinius is the latest account of the irish-baiting troll formerly known as / u/rasing . 
  just downvote and ignore him . 
  that 's interesting , neon pharmacy signs are common in ireland . 
  we often follow british conventions on these sorts of things , so it 's unusual that we adopted a seemingly mediterranean tradition in this case . 
  i can do better than some random smug git boating around in the floods and provide pictures of [ a smug deputy pm falling out of a boat into the floodwater ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/joan-floods-kilkenny-2525933-dec2015/ ) . 
  the red label does exactly what it says on the tin . 
  they are countries that have articles in their constitutions defining marriage as a union of one man and one woman . 
  that does n't prevent those countries from extending some form of partnership rights to gay couples , as is the case in hungary and croatia , which appear striped on the map . 
  i 'd like to include cohabitation rights in the map , but i was n't able to find a comprehensive list of which countries had such rights and when they were introduced . 
  rather than including partial information i chose to limit myself to the categories i could nail down . 
  that is perhaps unfair on croatia , a country which granted some rights to same-sex couples before several western european nations . 
  well i ca n't claim to understand the inner workings of the government of guernsey , but the wiki article states that the parliament agreed in principle to introduce same-sex marriage , but they have n't actually drafted the legislation yet or set a date for its enactment . 
  so it will probably happen , but it 's not quite official yet . 
  but once it does pass you 'd be the first territory in europe to introduce same-sex marriage without implementing civil unions first . 
  unless the faroe islands beat you to it . 
  i created a similar map over a year ago where i had , in my attempt at brevity , labelled the red countries as `` same-sex marriage banned '' . 
  that caused some understandable confusion , so i chose to be much more specific with that key this time . 
  `` constitution limits marriage to opposite-sex couples '' seems fair as the red countries define marriage in their constitutions as a union involving a man and a woman . 
  as long as those articles remain within those constitutions it will not be possible for two men or two women to enter into a marriage in those countries . 
  but that does n't prevent those countries from introducing some form of registered partnership for same-sex couples , as is the case in hungary and croatia . 
  my understanding is , and feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong , that croatia only had unregistered cohabitation rights for same-sex couples that had lived together for 3 years . 
  registered `` life partnerships '' , the counterpart of civil unions in other countries , were only introduced in 2014 . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe ) some countries , such as italy , have have legislation in the pipeline that will probably come into effect next year or the year after , so the finalised 2016/17 maps will most likely end up looking different . 
  yup , this is reminiscent of [ the 1977 election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_general_election,_1977 ) . 
   fianna f\u00e1il and its leader jack lynch believed that they could n't win the general election . 
  the party drew up a manifesto which offered the electorate a string of financial and economic `` sweeteners '' , encouraging them to vote for fianna f\u00e1il . 
  some of the promises that were offered included the abolition of rates on houses , the abolition of car tax and the promise of reducing unemployment to under 100,000 . 
  lynch agreed to the manifesto because he believed that the party needed something dramatic if it were to win the election . 
   ...  while towards the end of the campaign fianna f\u00e1il were expected to win the general election , nobody predicted the scale of that victory . 
  an unprecedented twenty-seat majority in d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann for fianna f\u00e1il saw the national coalition swept from power in what was at the time the biggest political hurricane in irish history . 
  ff 's irresponsible promises in that election almost bankrupted the country in the 1980s . 
  we 'll just have to hope that history does n't repeat itself yet again . 
  a universal basic income may well be a good thing , but i do n't trust ff to implement it . 
  the constitution can only be amended via referendum . 
  the right for two people of the same gender to marry is now included in the constitution , therefore a future government could only attempt to repeal the law by holding another referendum . 
  not that such an attempt is likely as all four main parties supported the introduction of same-sex marriage . 
  well , i was being a bit facetious in that bit what with the references to dead [ babies ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/560/media/images/51400000/jpg/_51400389_avbabypic304.jpg ) and [ soldiers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycylv.jpg ) . 
  but fptp does usually lead to single-party governments in the uk , the 2010 election was highly unusual in that regard , and the majorities that thatcher and blair had were pretty sizeable . 
  as someone that lives in a country that has n't seen a single-party majority government since 1981 , the contrast is stark . 
  not that i think single-party governments are a good thing , i prefer it when parties have to work together and compromise to some extent . 
  so if you want to marry your beau , do n't vote no , do n't vote no , do n't vote no . 
   progressive government not quite . 
  there are two parties in government , fg being the senior partner and labour the junior . 
  labour have been fairly progressive and have championed causes such as lgbt rights , but fg are fairly conservative and have been dragging their heels on issues such as abortion . 
  progressive policies occasionally filter through the system , but it 's a slow process , and we have to put up with a lot of crap along the way . 
  gay marriage was an easy sell . 
  it made gay people happy while not having any negative consequences . 
  abortion is more complicated . 
  many of us see it as a necessity , but it 's not something which makes us happy . 
  and it involves the termination of foetuses , which some people consider to be murder . 
  it 's much more difficult to sell that to the public . 
  polls show strong support for liberalising abortion law in some limited instances , such as in the case of rape or a fatal foetal abnormality . 
  but polls also indicate that a majority do not yet support the pro-choice position . 
  it 's possible that we 'll have a referendum to remove the [ 8th amendment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) of the constitution within the term of the next parliament , but there is no agreement yet on what , if anything , will replace it . 
  freed from whom ? 
  his actions in ireland restored the status quo where anglicans were a privileged minority and non-anglicans , including the other protestant denominations , were second-class subjects . 
  he was n't a villain and he was n't a saviour . 
  i can understand why ulster protestants revere him as his victory represents the final defeat of the old catholic aristocracy that had repeatedly and violently tried to restore the land and status they had lost under the plantations . 
  but i ca n't see how he brought freedom . 
  i was n't expressing a side , i was correcting a historical error you had made . 
  the idea that william of orange freed the protestants from catholic oppression is inaccurate to the point of being insulting . 
  protestants in ireland during the early 20th century had very good reasons to be concerned about the impact a catholic dominated all-ireland parliament would have on their lives . 
  sadly , the independent irish state did indeed end up being far too close to the catholic church . 
  if that 's the point you were trying to make , it was perfectly reasonable . 
  but it has absolutely nothing to do with king billy . 
   back then the protestants as i said were a minority and treated as second class citizens . 
  then came king billy who basically freed the protestants is that what counts for history up there ? 
  presbyterians suffered from discrimination all right , but anglicans were the ones running the show during the 17th century . 
  the catholic majority had been dispossessed and disenfranchised decades earlier by the cromwellian invasion and the penal laws . 
  king james ii , who was catholic , attempted to introduce laws to end religious discrimination in the three kingdoms , including against presbyterians , but the english parliament opposed him . 
  his attempts to bypass parliament on that issue were viewed as increasingly tyrannical , so he was deposed and replaced by william and mary . 
  but the majority in ireland supported james ii as they believed he would bring about catholic emancipation . 
  king william of orange did n't come to ireland to free the protestant minority , he was attempting to crush james ii 's catholic rebellion and restore anglican control . 
  in fairness to him , he ended the war by signing a treaty that promised full legal rights to catholics if they promised to swear allegiance to him , but the anglican dominated irish parliament refused to ratify the treaty and discrimination against catholics and presbyterians continued for another century . 
  i remember it snowed one christmas day when i was a teenager , but the ground was wet and it melted immediately . 
  then in 2009 ( ? ),
