  it snowed several days before christmas and there was a layer of snow on everything for the week , but it did n't actually snow on the day itself . 
  so i 've experienced the two components of a white christmas , but not both at the same time . 
   in order to ensure our security and continuing stability , the republic will be reorganised in the the first ... 
  i mean second ... wait , no , third french empire !, 
  and that 's great . 
  i 'm not saying that speaking irish ca n't be part of people 's identity , just that it 's not part of mine . 
  i do n't hate irish , and i do n't love it . 
  since finishing school , it has played practically no role in my life . 
  it 's just not something i think about all that much . 
  what i do n't like is being told by other people how i should define my own identity . 
  that not being able to speak irish makes me less irish than those that do . 
  that i should be ashamed of abandoning a language that generations of my family , and society as a whole , did n't speak . 
  by all means , preserve and promote the language . 
  just do n't vilify those of us who do n't consider it important in our lives . 
  we tried that . 
  when republican leader eamon de valera came to power in 1932 , he gave the following speech :  ireland united , ireland free , ireland self-supporting and self-reliant , ireland speaking her own tongue and through it giving to the world her ancient treasures of christian gaelic culture . 
  dev still has his admirers , but these days he gets much of the blame for ireland becoming the repressively conservative backwater we were for much of our independent history . 
  part of his government 's legacy is that modern generations baulk at the idea of the state imposing their cultural values on the population , and that includes the imposition of the irish language on an english-speaking populace . 
  what 's the point of removing a repressive foreign government if you 're only going to replace it with a repressive domestic one ? 
  the simple fact of the matter is that the majority of people in ireland want to speak english . 
  it 's the most practical option . 
  and we 're comfortable enough in our own national identity that we do n't feel the need to impose irish on ourselves . 
  but the irish language is not part of my culture . 
  my parents , grandparents , and great-grandparents all spoke english . 
  i have no personal or emotional connection to the irish language , it is not `` mine '' . 
  cultures evolve over time , not always for the better , but they never remain static . 
  for complex reasons , ireland evolved to become an english-speaking country . 
  that 's our culture now , and it 's no more or less legitimate than what went before . 
  it just is . 
  oh boy , i could tell you some stories . 
  ireland 's contribution to submarine warfare : [ the fenian ram ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian_ram ) . 
  after the famine , some irish immigrants in the us established the fenian brotherhood , an organisation that fought for irish independence from the comfort of another continent . 
  in the 1880s , they commissioned a submarine engineer called [ john philip holland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_philip_holland ) to build them an experimental submarine that they planned to use to attack the british navy . 
  in the end , they could n't afford to pay for it , so they stole the submarine . 
  but then they realised that nobody knew how to pilot it , so they locked it away in a shed for several decades . 
  thus ended the career of ireland 's only submarine . 
  gay marriage was an easy sell . 
  it was a positive campaign based around the ideas of love and equality , and there was no apparent downside ( although the no campaign still attempted to manufacture some ) . 
  abortion is ... messier . 
  even as someone that 's pro-choice , i see it as more of a necessary evil than a plainly good thing . 
  it 's harder to present the positive side ( women 's rights ) and easier to spin the negatives ( killing foetuses ) . 
  there 'll be no cheering crowds and street parties on the day we finally pass the abortion referendum . 
  just a sense of relief that the campaign is over . 
  i did n't realise that shoes and glasses are haram . 
  you 'll be happy to learn that portugal are not pioneering here . 
  you 'll probably be less happy to learn that this is [ the norm in western europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_adoption_in_europe ) already . 
  i have a radical idea : we build a second kite . 
  i know the aaa-pbp crowd will criticise it as a dangerous military escalation , but the security of our country is at stake . 
  this is a recurrent issue which crops up every time eurostat releases these quarterly figures because ireland is never included in them . 
  for some reason , the irish government releases our quarterly gdp figures a month or so later than everyone else , so we never get credited as the top performer even though we have been for the last year . 
  for proof , the european commission [ predicted last week ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2015_autumn_forecast_en.htm ) that irish economic growth in 2015 will end up somewhere around 6 % , well ahead of czechia in second place on 4.3 % . 
  the referendum passed in may , and the legislation giving effect to the referendum was supposed to be in place by the end of july . 
  but the referendum could n't be officially finalised due to [ court challenges ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/legal-challenges-could-delay-same-sex-marriage-684236.html ) by two lay litigants that were eventually dismissed . 
  i apologise . 
  i checked your post history to see where you 're from ( flair up , man ! ), 
  and saw that most of your posts were in / r/scotland and that your flair in / r/unitedkingdom placed you in london , so i made a reasonable assumption . 
  it turns out that i was wrong . 
  i still think your post was patronising . 
  if you honestly think that the desire for the continuance of irish independence is mainly rooted in historical hatreds then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  other than that you 're wrong . 
  which i guess makes us even . 
  you 're right . 
  that million people who died back in the 1840s must have tripped and fallen down the stairs , or something . 
  i have no idea what my great grandfathers or great great grandfathers were doing back during the war of independence . 
  maybe some were in the ira , maybe some were in the british army or the ric . 
  i do n't know and i do n't care . 
  my reason for not wanting ireland to be part of the uk has nothing to do with them , it 's because it 's an idea that does n't even stand up to moderate levels of scrutiny . 
  to be honest , you come across as patronising . 
  there are numerous comments here explaining rationally why such an endevour would not be attractive from an irish perspective , but you have chosen to ignore those and instead attribute such objections as small-minded nationalism . 
  well , think what you like , just be aware that attitudes like yours prove how little people in britain understand us . 
  and * that * is why we should remain apart . 
  if you 're referring to the first graph , that was asking people in the republic their opinions how ni should be governed , not the republic . 
  there 's no point in polling people here about the prospect of rejoining the uk as the number would be so low that the 3 % margin of error would not be precise enough . 
  i do n't think you 'll find many people in ireland who value the wisdom of bertie ahern any more . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that the smaller nations in the uk are being oppressed , just that england holds most of the power , which is appropriate for a region which contains 85 % of the country 's population . 
  the recent general election is the perfect example of what i mean . 
  only 15 % of the people of scotland voted for the tories , but they 're the most popular party in england so now they run the whole country . 
  they now represent scotland 's interests in foreign affairs . 
  they decide if scotland goes to war . 
  and they hold a significant influence over the scottish economy . 
  but that 's the way it should be . 
  85 % of the people deserve 85 % of the power . 
  even if the uk 's complex method of devolution means that the english are n't fairly represented in the institutions of power , it 's impossible to deny that england still holds the lion 's share of control in the union . 
  and no small independent nation would willingly choose to sacrifice their sovereignty in order to join a union that is so absurdly lobsided in favour of one of its members . 
   that makes no sense . 
  literally no sense . 
  the best way i can explain it is like this : a couple that end an abusive marriage do n't remember it the same way . 
  the abusive spouse and the abused one technically shared the same marriage , but they experienced vastly different ones . 
  and those experiences shape those people differently even once the marriage is over . 
  you say that ireland plays a bigger role in your history curriculum than most other countries in the empire , and that may be true , but ireland still plays a small role in british history overall . 
  but irish history is * dominated * by britain . 
  if you want to understand modern ireland you do n't read up on the celts or the vikings or anything like that . 
  that all happened so long ago as to be worthless . 
  understanding modern ireland means studying the effects of british rule and irish resistance to it . 
  and that is the dominant aspect of our history curriculum . 
  irish history and british history are different not because the events are different , but because the experiences are different . 
  what we learn is different . 
  what we focus on is different . 
  how those events shaped us is different . 
  and if you do n't understand how that is the case , then you do n't really understand ireland .
