  but first i must steal some ink for my printer . 
  i 'm guessing it 's a reference to the portuguese royal family fleeing to brazil during the napoleonic wars . 
  the [ munster republic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munster_republic ) shall rise again !, 
  home rule was just a form of devolution , it was n't independence . 
  under the third home rule bill , ireland would still have been a part of the uk , continued to elect mps to westminster , and the british army would have remained in the country . 
  the british government were not prepared to grant ireland independence before the 1916 rising and the war of independence , in fact the irish mps that were pushing the home rule cause went out of their way to express loyalty to the uk to allay the fears of the british establishment that home rule would be a stepping stone to independence . 
  the war of independence was a horrible thing , but it did achieve its goal of creating an independent irish state outside the united kingdom , albeit as part of the british dominion . 
  sadly , that is not something that would have been granted at that time without violence . 
  the free state ended in 1937 when the current constitution of ireland came into force , making ireland a republic in everything but name . 
  that 's the point when ireland achieved full legislative independence . 
   the uk had already more or less decided to give ireland independence . 
  no they had n't , they agreed to give ireland a devolved parliament , much like the one scotland has today . 
  even that relatively small move took 40 years of political pressure to achieve . 
  maybe in the decades that followed the uk government would have agreed to full independence , but it 's unlikely such a thing would have been allowed until after the second world war . 
  not * always * . 
  polls in recent years have shown that even the majority of catholics in northern ireland wish to remain in the uk right now . 
  the present economic problems in the republic of ireland make the prospect of unification unattractive , so any serious discussion about it probably remains decades away . 
  only the 5,000 soldiers that deserted the irish army to join the ba , the 45,000 civilians that signed up were not persecuted by the state . 
  the punishment was for the act of desertion , which is something that happened in most countries at that time , [ one us soldier was even executed for it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eddie_slovik ) . 
  that 's not to say that i think it was right , but it was a more complex issue than much of the non-irish media present it as . 
  monaco already did that . 
  bloody hong kong , beating us by one tenth of a point . 
  it 's not even a real country !, 
  sadly , northern ireland 's abortion laws are almost as restrictive as the republic 's , abortions are only legal there if there is a risk to the health of the mother . 
  they are planning to introduce abortion for rape victims soon though . 
  the [ 14th amendment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteenth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) overturned that ban the following year , access to information about abortion in other countries is now a constitutional right . 
  that was my favourite location when i visited in paris . 
  i was 14 and on a school tour , the bus had dropped us off on some shopping street and i wandered off on my own . 
  i approached an intersection , looked to my right , and there was this amazing white building on a hill , seemingly glowing in the sunlight , unlike anything i had even seen with my eyes before . 
  the contrast between that and the mundanity of the mcdonalds next to me blew my mind . 
  i apologise if i came across as bitchy , i assure you that it was n't directed at you , but at the article . 
  i do n't like it when newspapers fabricate stories which create negative impressions between our two countries just because it suits their anti-euro agenda . 
  there 's plenty of real problems surrounding the euro they could criticise , there 's no need for them to make things up . 
  think of it like this : when an icelandic bank went belly up , the uk expected the icelandic government to pay the cost of bailing out their british subsidiary , because it was an icelandic bank . 
  when british banks go bust , we expect your government to pay the cost for bailing out their irish subsidiaries , * because they 're british banks * . 
  that article is a significant exaggeration . 
  basically , two british banks ( rbs and lloyds ) operated irish subsidiaries which lost a lot of money in the crash , those losses were transferred to their parent companies and added to the massive losses they had made elsewhere , and those two banks were eventually bailed out by the british government . 
  if rbs and lloyds had lost that money in american subsidiaries , nobody would have claimed that the uk had provided a backdoor bailout to the us . 
  but because it happened in ireland , the telegraph and other right-wing papers decided to use it as a stick to beat the euro with . 
  [ the uk contributed a total of around $ 8 billion to ireland 's bailout ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/thereporters/robertpeston/2010/11/what_the_uk_is_contributing_to.html ) . 
  half of that was as a direct loan , the other half was from the uk 's participation in the imf and efsm . 
  um , that 's not really what the article is saying . 
  ireland is still running a deficit and will continue to do so for a few years . 
  it 's just that the interest rates charged by the markets are much lower now than they were in 2010 , and the irish government wish to borrow money there and pay off the imf loans early to avail of those lower interest rates . 
  we 'd just be replacing one form of debt with a cheaper form . 
  but there 's a snag . 
  part of the bailout agreement was that ireland would n't pay off the imf loans before the loans from the eu , both sets of loans have to be paid off at the same rate . 
  since the imf loans have higher interest rates than the eu loans , it 's in ireland 's best interests to pay those off first and save a few hundred million euros a year , which would significantly ease the country 's debt burden . 
  but the european countries which loaned to ireland understandably want their money paid back sooner rather than later . 
  so the whole plan is still subject to negotiation with the eu countries and may not happen . 
  [ ireland should be down as `` proposed '' for same-sex adoption as there 's a bill currently working its way through parliament for it ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/new-laws-on-adoption-rights-for-same-sex-couples-set-for-year-end-275097.html ) . 
  the plan is for it to be finalised this year so it will be in place before the marriage equality referendum next year . 
  while it 's true true that michael d was nominated by the second largest party ( at that time ) , his percentage of the vote was double that of his party 's at the previous general election . 
  labour were smart enough to know that a charismatic candidate was needed and his appeal crossed party lines , while fg were dumb enough to think that their recent success in the general election would carry their candidate and they ended up nominating a dud . 
  admittedly , i 've only been old enough to vote in one presidential election so i ca n't speak with full authority on the issue , but it was a different experience from voting in other elections . 
  party politics did n't play a big role in it , it was about finding the candidate that struck the right balance between being interesting and being uncontroversial . 
   also presidential elections suck because the entire country elects one guy and all but the two biggest parties get completely sidelined . 
  it depends on the type of presidency . 
  in ireland , where it 's a largely ceremonial role , personality trumps policy in presidential elections . 
  at the last election , the candidate of the largest party in parliament , gay mitchell , came 4th with only 6.4 % because he was a boring fucker . 
  ireland 's economy is n't so hot right now , but ni 's economy is still recovering from the troubles , and they have a whole host of crazy social and political problems to boot . 
  i could come up with my screwdriver set , but i 'm not sure it would be much use as the pliers is missing . 
  yes , because it 's the trade links that pose the biggest concern when discussing the possibility of * physically moving northern ireland * away from the continent of europe . 
  they 'll have a bugger of a time untangling northern ireland from the republic , they 'll have to lift it out with helicopters or something . 
  english was already an official language though , so ireland only applied for one language . 
  irish is also the official first language of ireland , for some misguided reason . 
  adding catalan would require spain to apply for a second language , and one which is not the country 's official first language . 
  they probably should apply , if only for the fact that it would be good internal diplomacy . 
  ca n't the spanish government see that things like this are fuelling catalan separatism ? 
  ** ireland ** * garth brooks was only given a licence for 3 of his planned 5 concerts in croke park due to objections by local residents about the disruption they would cause . 
  * garth brooks cancelled all his concerts . 
  * upset garth brooks fans posted abuse online about the local residents in the croke park area . 
  * local business owners , upset that their plans to gouge garth brooks fans had fallen through , complained about the economic devastation of the cancelled garth brooks concerts . 
  * during a press conference , garth brooks , while pointing out that he 's not a citizen and it was n't his place to say , suggested that the irish government should change the law to appease him . 
  * the opposition ff party introduced emergency legislation to allow the garth brooks concerts to go ahead , but the government parties automatically rejected it because it did n't originate with them . 
  * the mexican ambassador to ireland offered the mayor of dublin assistance in resolving the garth brooks crisis . 
  attempts were made to get obama involved in this coalition of the willing . 
  * garth brooks offered to meet the irish pm , saying he would do anything he needed to in order not to disappoint all his irish fans . 
  * dublin city council agreed to allow garth brooks to hold the 5 concerts over 3 days . 
  * garth brooks rejected the proposal , suggesting that his earlier offer to do * anything * may have been insincere . 
  * oh , and there was a major cabinet reshuffle or something . 
  we just want to be more like the continent !, 
  [ we even display the e-road numbers on our motorways ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_e-road_network#signage ) in spite of the fact that they 're not needed as we 're on an island , and most of our e-roads go through britain who do n't display their e-roads anyway , making the whole thing pointless . 
  we 're good europeans , we are . 
  can we have more money ? 
  guising is the tradition of dressing up in a costume and travelling from house to house in search of treats . 
  americans renamed it trick-or-treating . 
  most halloween traditions began in ireland and scotland , immigrants spread those traditions to the us where they mutated somewhat , then those mutations spread back over here due to the influence of american culture . 
  wait here while i get some tar and feathers . 
  well it did take four days to fill the last seat , and the count procedure for stv is n't exactly intuitive . 
  i can see why those working in the 24-hour news media would prefer fast and clear results that can be quickly explained by jeremy vine in a cowboy outfit . 
  potatoes were n't exported , all the other food was . 
  in the centuries leading up to the famine , exploitative rents forced tenant farmers to sell most of their crops for export , except the potato as that had little market value . 
  as a result , much of the irish population became dependent on the potato as their primary source of food . 
  when the potato blight spread to ireland in the 1840s , the potato crop failed across the country . 
  the tenant farmers were faced with a choice ; continue to export their other crops and starve to death , or eat that food , get evicted and then starve to death . 
  sure ye 're a great bunch of lads . 
  britain gave ireland all of our favourite things , such as tea , stout , potatoes ... 
  luxembourg , so that there 'll be more dodgy tax money for us !, 
  in fairness , gerrymandering was common in the republic at that time too , and probably in other countries as well .
