a treaty so nice we voted on it twice . 
  maybe because the irish pound to euro exchange rate was the closest of all the countries , 0.79 : 1 . 
  that 's equivalent to a few years of inflation happening at once , a bit of a shock but nothing too dramatic . 
  whereas the belgian franc 's exchange rate was 40 : 1 , a fairly substantial shift . 
  that 's not a great explanation though considering that slovenes have also adjusted well to the euro when their exchange rate was a crazy 240 : 1 . 
  i played a game of monopoly last week with a cousin who was born after the switch to the euro , and she was confused why my old board used pound notes . 
  on the old monopoly board , shrewsbury road used to cost # 400 , but on the new board it costs $ 4,000,000 . 
  definitive proof that prices really did go up when we made the switch !, 
  i would n't say that halloween is an irish holiday , it 's an international holiday at this point , like christmas . 
  from what i 've experienced , most irish people are n't even aware of its irish origins , it 's just a thing that we celebrate along with a bunch of other countries . 
  i was actually surprised when i realised it 's not widely celebrated across europe . 
  i can understand the reluctance to embrace non-native customs , particularly ones that are overly commercialised . 
  but i think that international celebrations like halloween are good for the world , it helps to establish a sense of global unity . 
  that does n't mean that we should sacrifice our national customs , and i could understand hostility towards halloween if it was replacing native customs associated with all saints ' day . 
  but if the events can peacefully co-exist alongside one another , i do n't see a problem . 
  oh good heavens no . 
  only traitors would do something like that . 
  we 're loyal british subjects , so we are , and proud to serve her majesty . 
  ^ day ^ 35,988 : ^ they ^ still ^ have n't ^ figured ^ out ^ what ^ we 're ^ up ^ to . 
  the troubles caused companies to leave ni or invest elsewhere , while belfast 's industrial economy declined in the late 20th century . 
  higher unemployment fed into the conflict as a large section of the population had no hope for the future and were willing to resort to violence , so to reduce unemployment the government expanded the public sector . 
  ni can not cover the costs for that on its own , which means that the rest of the uk is filling the gap . 
  the uk government is slowly weaning ni off this subvention , and more companies are willing to invest in ni now thanks to the success of the peace process . 
  hopefully they 'll be able to pay their own way within a few decades . 
  to those outside ireland that do n't know , the rise of sinn f\u00e9in has nothing to do with nationalism or northern ireland , this is all about austerity . 
  the two government parties , fine gael and labour , are increasingly unpopular because of the cuts that have been made over the last few years , with the current controversy over the introduction of water charges overshadowing all the recent good economic news . 
  the main opposition party , fianna f\u00e1il , are still unpopular because they were the ones that wrecked the economy in the first place . 
  sinn f\u00e9in have been the only major party to speak out against austerity , and are the only ones left for an angry public to turn to . 
  5 years ago , the idea of a sinn f\u00e9in government was laughable , but now we 're facing the `` interesting '' prospect of having gerry adams as prime minister just in time for the centenary of the 1916 rising . 
  enda may not look like much , but his skills with a brush are unmatched . 
  the diagram for step 3 was unclear , resulting in an accidental airstrike on a school . 
  i 'd like for ireland to be next , if only to see how the israeli embassy would react , but i do n't think this government will do it . 
  the current [ minister for foreign affairs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_flanagan ) is on shaky ground because [ his father ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_j._flanagan ) was a notorious anti-semite that advocated driving the jews out of ireland , and he even praised the nazis . 
  so the minister will probably avoid that touchy subject for as long as he can get away with . 
   you 're people have shaped this country 's history , apparently [ the fenian raids ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/history/epcontentse1ep8ch2pa3le.html ) , an attempt by irish republicans based in the us to capture part of canada and trade it back to britain in exchange for a free ireland , was one of the factors that encouraged the process of confederation . 
  you 're welcome . 
  this is a misunderstanding , they 're not clowns , [ just normal french people ] ( https://bohemianconnection.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/dsc02096.jpg ) . 
  it 's sadly true , and this is n't the first time they 've posted [ inflammatory material on their official twitter account ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/israeli-embassy-removes-molly-malone-in-muslim-garb-images-1.1880575 ) . 
  israel and ireland do not get on well diplomatically , so they decided to staff their embassy here with internet trolls and passport thieves . 
  [ the actual response of the israeli embassy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jvhybry.jpg ) . 
  it 's a mostly friendly rivalry at this stage , like the british feel towards france , although there 's still some die-hard republicans that remain bitter about the whole affair . 
  aww hell no !, 
  you want all those deadly spiders and snakes and drop bears on europe 's border ? 
  i 'd rather deal with a megalomanic with nukes than australian wildlife . 
  i am neither a eurosceptic nor a federalist . 
  i also think the status quo is not ideal and could do with further democratic reform . 
  there are policy areas where it makes sense to work as one entity , such as the proposed banking and energy unions , but we should remain a grouping of sovereign states . 
  in this case , the red countries enshrined in their constitutions that marriage can only be between a man and a woman , the grey countries have n't done so but still do n't allow same-sex marriages . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#legislation_by_country_or_territory ) luxembourg wont have same-sex marriage until next year , and estonia 's partnerships wont be until 2016 , but i included them in the 2014 slide so they would n't feel left out . 
  because northern ireland had a substantial minority of people who did n't necessarily want to remain in the uk , and they were discriminated against by the state for decades , exacerbating the sectarian problems to the point of widespread violence . 
  in the republic , the lack of a strong protestant minority saw the government grant way too much power and influence to the catholic church , which led to diminished social rights and widespread abuse . 
  partition was supposed to prevent the outbreak of violence in ulster , and on that front it was a complete failure , dragging a 1920s problem all the way into the 1990s . 
  it instead allowed the governments in ni and the republic to succumb to their worse selves . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong , but i hold the view that both countries would have been better off had partition not happened . 
  fg and ff are generally conservative , but they rarely display the sort of homophobic , anti-immigrant , creationist craziness one regularly sees from members of the dup . 
  then there 's all that flag and parade business to top it off . 
  i 'm going to cheat and say northern ireland . 
  i 'm not saying that partitioning ireland was a good thing , but i sure am glad we do n't have to put up with the dup in the republic . 
  irish people tend to dislike that name as it suggests that ireland is british . 
  the irish government actively objects to the name , while the british government have avoided its use in recent years . 
  [ the british isles naming dispute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) . 
  the word kilometre is relatively modern , originating in the 19th century , so it would have arrived in ireland via the english language . 
  irish names for modern inventions are often derived from english words , such as telephone/teileaf \u00f3n . 
  older irish words are more likely to have completely separate origins and pronunciations from their english counterparts . 
  on top of that , the actual structures of the two languages are quite different . 
  direct translations from english to irish are sometimes impossible because of this and require creative reimagining in order to work . 
  you 're right , he 's not as incompetent as cowen and he 's not an outright crook like ahern , so he 's arguably the best taoiseach we 've had in decades . 
  his rebuke of the vatican was the high-point of his tenure . 
  but he 's still a disappointment . 
  he 's someone that 's spent most of his life in the political system , he 's comfortable with it , and he does n't feel the need to reform it even in the light of its spectacular failure . 
  he just wants to fix the economy while maintaining the old ways . 
  enda kenny is the longest serving mp in the irish parliament , suggesting that he did n't get the top job by being an impressive or skilful politician , but because everyone in a more senior position died . 
  he has the charisma of a cardboard shoe , and does n't appear to have any real political convictions . 
  he is conservative , but is willing to adopt liberal policies if he thinks they 're popular , such as his support for gay marriage . 
  his primary goal is to stay in the top job as long as possible , and the only time he showed political prowess was when he saw off a challenge to his leadership of the fg party in 2010 . 
  his party won the 2011 election only because the previous government were utterly incompetent and destroyed the country 's economy . 
  last year , he was mooted as a possible candidate for one of the top jobs in the eu , but he decided not to run as he wanted to focus fully on irish politics . 
  this appears to have been a mistake ( from his perspective ) as discontent within his party is growing over allegations that he is involved in cronyism , and it looks like they 're preparing to dump him before the 2016 election . 
  norway claims that they 're saving their oil money for the future , but they 've really been using it to build a secret fleet of longships . 
  polls show that the majority of people in ireland are in favour of liberalising the rules on abortion , although a majority still oppose unconditional abortion . 
  the problem is that the two main political parties are divided internally on the issue so they do n't want to damage themselves by having the debate . 
  when the government were forced to legislate to slightly liberalise rules on abortion last year in order to bring the law into line with the constitution , several high-profile members of fg rebelled and were expelled from the party for voting against the government whip . 
  both fg and ff will put off any further political action on abortion for as long as they can even though the public wants further action . 
  indeed , [ this geographic map of europe from 1914 ] ( http://webfreind.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/balkan-peninsula-map-1914-7.jpg ) is practically identical to modern europe . 
  no new islands appeared , no mountains migrated , it has been a thoroughly uneventful century . 
  it was bad enough when they were beheading people , but now they 're a tax haven too ? 
  that was originally the case , [ but it was added in 2007 ] ( http://www.eumatters.ie/irish-language.html ) . 
  that 's easy for you to say , mr 0.891 . 
  one day your oil will run out and you 'll join the rest of us in the 0.8-0 .85 range , and then you wont be so smug !, 
  [ newtwopothouse ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/@52.1869418,-8.6714706,3a,75y,160.34h,84.62t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sw9xltuhqzhk_xgp1diuksa!2e0 ) . 
  in the 18th century , there was an inn near the area that had two pots of ale painted by the door which became known as the two-pot-house inn , and the crossroads nearby was called twopothouse cross . 
  when a new road was built nearby it became known as new twopothouse cross , and the village that eventually grew up there became newtwopothouse . 
  to anyone who has ever driven the cork-limerick road and stared in befuddlement at that sign , that 's the origin of the name . 
  you drink more than us , you 're better catholics , you still nurse resentments about [ how the british treated you ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) ... you poles are more irish than we are . 
  i think you 'll find us to be very generous occupiers . 
  we 're going to allow you to keep your parliament , queen , flag , military , and separate foreign relations . 
  our plan is to use britain to home and employ hundreds of thousands of irish citizens , and as a production centre for popular irish sitcoms . 
  i found this ad very useful . 
  before watching it , i did not understand the concept of currency , when i wanted things i just stole them . 
  but now that i know i can exchange coloured paper for goods and services , i will be sure to print some out .
