  if that is true then the british government will make the decision to remain in the single market and the customs union . 
  that is the only way the current border can be maintained , and you know that 's true if you 're being honest with yourself . 
  that is their choice . 
  that is * your * choice . 
  do n't you dare misattribute the blame onto others if your make the `` wrong '' choice . 
   but i suppose the eu could impose some form of checks on goods . 
  please do n't frame the situation this way . 
  the eu are responsible for getting rid of the checkpoints when the customs union was finalised in the 1990s , if the uk chooses to leave the customs union and the single market then it will be britain that are imposing the checkpoints , not the eu . 
  if british politicians were serious about avoiding border controls in ireland , they will not choose to go down that path . 
  if they do ( and it 's likely that they will at least dump the customs union ) then it will be a demonstration they did n't really mean what they said . 
  but that 's par for the course with politicians . 
   the former roi is autonomous and runs it 's own affairs like scotland does . 
  i believe it would be much more successful . 
  scotland is about to be pulled out of the eu against the will of the vast majority of its population because a slim majority of the english ( and welsh , not that their votes made a difference ) population decided to leave . 
  to a lot of scots , that probably does n't look like a very successful union . 
  and to a lot of irish , sovereignty is looking pretty damn useful just now . 
  the council is comprised of a elected governments of the member states . 
  you appear to be mistaking the council and the commission . 
  the constant and irrational feelings of guilt . 
  besides the hundred or so minor technical differences , the main one was that marriage is protected by the constitution . 
   article 41.3.1 : the state pledges itself to guard with special care the institution of marriage , on which the family is founded , and to protect it against attack . 
  civil partnerships did n't have that level of legal protection , and it was possible that they could have been denied additional protections guaranteed to marriage couples by the courts . 
  there 's a new party called renua that was founded by some former fg mps and which proposes several policies right out of the us republican playbook , such as a flat tax rate and three-strikes justice system . 
  they crashed pretty badly in the election this year and lost all three of their seats . 
  they 're trying to rebrand themselves now as a more centrist party , but it looks as if they 're dead in the water . 
   i 'm assuming the map lines up with constituencies kerry is one constituency that elects 5 tds . 
  michael healy-rae was a sitting td and danny was trying to get in on his coattails , but to do that they needed to make sure that danny 's first preference vote was high enough that he would n't be disqualified before michael 's surplus vote would be transferred to him . 
  hence the decision to split the constituency . 
  you 're right that it was a perfectly sound strategy , and it worked exactly as planned . 
  political parties here usually use this sort of vote management strategy when they run multiple candidates in a constituency . 
  the only unusual thing about this example is that it was two independents doing it . 
  st patrick 's day too , i guess . 
   i 'm so glad personalyl that we voted to live . 
  i 'm surprised the result was so close . 
  things must be really bad if 48 % voted the other way . 
   simply put ireland does more trade with the uk than the uk does with the eu by a substantial margin . 
  is that based on anything , or is it just a feeling ? 
  because looking at [ the numbers ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/irl/#destinations ) , that 's not even [ close to true ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/#destinations ) . 
  yes , ireland will be the worst hit by brexit of the eu-27 . 
  it really sucks . 
  but i do n't expect that the eu will give the uk a generous deal just to help us out and , objectively , i do n't think that they should . 
  politicians really should n't say they 'll resign if a referendum does n't go their way , it just encourages idiots to vote based on personalities rather than the issue at hand . 
  sinn f\u00e9in have supported eu membership since the 1990s , but they oppose the idea of a federal eu and vote against any treaties that they believe are moving the union in that direction . 
  they 're also quite left-wing and oppose the neo-liberal aspects of the eu . 
  but even with those complaints , they want both ireland and the uk to remain members . 
  you do n't give a toss about ireland , so do n't pretend to when it suits your political leanings . 
   but ireland itself is a gerrymandered entity . 
  you ca n't just demand the border be the whole island , that 's arbitrary . 
  take that up with ... yourselves . 
  it was the english government that created the lordship of ireland , later to become the kingdom of ireland , as a single legal entity encompassing the entire island of ireland . 
  it existed with a parliament that ostensibly legislated for the entire island for centuries , and when ireland was incorporated into the united kingdom it remained a distinct and united legal entity in british law , much like scotland . 
  by the time that the home rule crisis kicked off in the early 20th century , ireland had existed as a legal country for over 700 years . 
  whatever `` gerrymandering '' happened at the time that the legal entity of ireland was created was no longer relevant , its existence was legitimised by time . 
  in that way , most irish people acknowledge the legitimacy of northern ireland today . 
  we do n't like that it was created , but it has existed for the better part of a century now , and practically everyone who lives there was born after its creation . 
  northern ireland has the right to self determination , much as ireland as a whole had a century ago . 
  as for the idea that a `` fair '' partition would have made the border an insane patchwork , that 's true , but it does n't explain why counties fermanagh and tyrone were included in northern ireland in the first place . 
  when partition was first mooted , the idea was that the province of ulster would be separated from the other three provinces of ireland . 
  but ulster as a whole only had a slim protestant/unionist majority , and that would n't have been stable long-term . 
  so the british government decided that partition should happen along county lines instead . 
  so why were fermanagh and tyrone , which had catholic/nationalist majorities , included in northern ireland ? 
  that 's where the claim of gerrymandering comes from . 
  it 's not from the fact that the protestant areas were split off , which it could be argued was necessary for peace in ireland ( which is a rather moot point considering the fact that most of the island had risen up in rebellion by the time that partition was finalised ) , but that catholic areas were lumped in with them . 
  and when the people and local authorities in those areas stood up in objection to that decision , they were suppressed and disenfranchised . 
  when northern ireland was created , one of the controversial aspects of it was that 2 of the 6 counties had catholic and nationalist majorities . 
  their inclusion has long been cited as an example that northern ireland itself is a gerrymandered entity intended to have a protestant and unionist majority with the maximum possible area . 
  at the time that ni came into existence , around 1/3 of the local district councils had nationalist majorities and they rejected the authority of the new belfast government . 
  the councils argued that since ni was created on the principle of self-determination in limited areas it followed that their areas had the right to determine which government ruled over them , and they pledged allegiance to the new dublin government . 
  the northern irish government rejected their claims , suspended the rebel councils , and gerrymandered most of them out of nationalist control . 
  the anglo-irish treaty which ended the irish war of independence included within it a promise to establish a boundary commission that would redraw the border to something more appropriate . 
  the irish delegation believed that this would see a significant chunk of northern ireland transferred over to the irish free state , and that the rump of northern ireland would be too small to be sustainable . 
  in the end , the boundary commission just proposed minor adjustments of the border , and even proposed transferring some land from the free state over to northern ireland . 
  the leaked draft caused outrage in ireland and whole project was dropped with the border remaining the same . 
  in the 1980s , thatcher allegedly toyed around with the idea of redrawing the border and possibly relocating those citizens who would find themselves on the ` wrong ' side . 
  the british civil service convinced her that redrawing the border was infeasible , and that relocating people would look suspiciously similar to ethnic cleansing . 
  the irish government also indicated that it would reject any repartition , they would only accept all of northern ireland or none of it . 
  it would be nice to think so , but nimbyism is a powerful force in ireland and new wind farms almost always face strong objections from local organisations . 
  it 's a strange remnant from our exit from the commonwealth . 
  when ireland became a republic in 1949 , republics were still barred from the commonwealth , but the british government wanted to maintain a commonwealth-level relationship with ireland . 
  rather than change the rules to allow republics to be members , which they did a few months later to keep india in the club , they passed the ireland act 1949 . 
  that act declared among other things that the `` republic of ireland is not a foreign country '' , which allows us to enjoy all the same privileges granted to commonwealth citizens in the uk , such as the right to vote in all elections . 
  combined with the rights granted by our joint eu membership , that puts irish citizens in the uk at about the same legal standing as british citizens , and presumably maltese and cypriot citizens are too . 
  ireland reciprocates by granting british citizens almost equal status as well . 
  the only major difference i know if is that british citizens resident in ireland do not have the right to vote in presidential elections or referendums . 
  if you agreed to hand over northern ireland to the republic , we 'd both perform much better on this list . 
  just saying . 
  the irish government never liked that the island had been partitioned so when the current constitution was drafted in the 1930s it declared that the national territory consisted of the whole island , but begrudgingly recognised that it could n't exert its authority over northern ireland `` pending reintegration '' . 
  as such , people from northern ireland were entitled to irish citizenship even though most of them did n't want it . 
  ni unionists strongly objected to those articles of our constitution which claimed ownership of the whole island and demanded that they be removed during negotiations for the good friday agreement , but ni nationalists wanted to maintain their irish citizenship . 
  a compromise was agreed to remove the territorial claim but to keep the guarantee of irish citizenship for those who wanted it . 
  those amendments were passed by a referendum held in the republic to 94 % approval . 
  there 's no such thing as northern irish citizenship , just british citizenship , and yes , that does not extend to people from the republic . 
  but british law does not recognise ireland as a `` foreign '' country for historical reasons , which has the effect of meaning that irish citizens have most of the same rights as british citizens while in the uk . 
  it 's not known yet if brexit will affect this arrangement . 
   you say this then go on to say it 's the choice of the people that live there ... whaaat ? 
  i was highlighting the idiocy and the hypocrisy of the statement i had quoted . 
  the idea that enda kenny was undermining the uk 's sovereignty with these remarks is absurd . 
  he was n't calling on the eu to partition the uk against its will , he was just pointing out that there 's a mechanism in place , one agreed by the british government , to implement a united ireland should the people of ni choose to vote for it decades from now . 
  brexit makes that process more complicated as we would probably need permission from the other member states of the eu to admit a new country into the union by the back door , and he wants to make sure that they 'll agree to that in the theoretical situation where it may be necessary . 
  around four hundred thousand people ( 9 % ) wish to leave the eu [ according to the latest poll ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/four-out-of-five-irish-voters-say-uk-was-wrong-to-leave-eu-1.2712755 ) .
