  since ireland is lumped in with the uk in every map regardless of it making sense or not , maybe it 's a meta-prejudice about how europeans view us as britain 's sidekick . 
  in fairness , when it comes to choosing the king of potato europe , it 's between us and latvia . 
  they focus an undue amount of attention on the boom and bust of the last two decades . 
  major features of irish history , such as the civil war and the overbearing influence of the catholic church , are skimmed over or ignored so that half the page can be devoted to the recent bailout . 
  he 's a troll , most likely an alt of [ / u/tumblinjohn ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/tumblinjohn ) , whose sole goal on reddit is to disparage ireland . 
  just downvote and ignore him . 
   seems like the eu and nato did not have much respect for post soviet russia , and absorbed a lot of those state into there sphere of influence . 
  those countries * chose * to join the eu/nato because they suffered under russia 's sphere and wanted to make sure they could n't be forced to go back . 
  those countries are n't russia 's property , they are sovereign states enacting the will of their own peoples , and if they choose to align themselves with the west then russia should butt out . 
   but , their current `` national identity '' is based upon evil russia oppressing freedom-loving ukraine for centuries and exploiting them like india . 
  not so different from ireland , really . 
  generally speaking , people in the republic of ireland do not consider ourselves british . 
  ( northern ireland is another matter , obviously . ), 
  but the entirety of the island of ireland is considered to be part of the geographic region commonly called the ` british isles ' , a name popularised globally back when the british ruled ireland . 
  for obvious reasons , that name is contentious in ireland now that most of the island is independent . 
  ironically , even though i personally wish the term did n't apply to ireland , i had assumed you were using the common definition , and i feared that ireland had earned an unfair reputation for euro-skepticism because of our noisy neighbours . 
   unfortunately most people not directly connected to ireland often forget it is a part of the bi . 
  actually , most people in ireland ( myself included ) dislike the term and do n't use it because it implies that ireland is british . 
  but my policy is that if the term is going to be used then it should at least be used correctly , otherwise it will just further the confusion . 
   are there any public figures who are prominent euro-skeptics in ireland or not really ? 
  sinn f\u00e9in would be the most euro-skeptic of the main political parties and dislike the trend of transferring more powers to brussels , but they 're in favour of continued eu membership . 
  during the lisbon treaty referendums , the main voice on the no side was a businessman called declan ganley , but he was n't opposed to the eu , just its current form . 
  he actually claims to be in favour of a federal europe . 
  there 's some minor parties and independents that want to leave the eu , but they 'd be on the fringes of irish politics and are largely ignored by the media . 
   or is all the anti-eu rhetoric we get from the british isles just a media or internet phenomenon ? 
  huh ? 
  there 's not much anti-eu rhetoric coming out of ireland . 
  there 's some anger over the way the bailout happened , but the vast majority of people here are still in favour of the eu . 
  please do n't use ` british isles ' as a synonym for the uk . 
  which is ironic as i would feel more at home in the company of english people than the company of irish-americans . 
  is that what started it all ? 
  i did n't even know they had weather forecasts back in the 12th century . 
   it was the excessive british reaction to it and refusal to implement long promised devolution that alienated the broader populace . 
  the plans to extend conscription to ireland also had an impact . 
  the threat of being drafted into the trenches gave people a very real reason for wanting to leave the uk . 
  in the uk and ireland , netflix actually have the first-run rights for a number of us shows . 
  new episodes of breaking bad were added hours after they aired in the us , actually making netflix more convenient than torrents in that instance . 
  it 's an example of how internet streaming should be done , but only for a small number of shows right now . 
  judging from the fact that your entire comment history is about misnaming or misrepresenting the country of ireland , i 'm going to guess that you 're acting the maggot . 
  to clarify a little , the government had a plan called the limerick regeneration scheme where these neighbourhoods were set to be demolished and rebuilt , so a lot of these buildings were bought out and abandoned . 
  that was right around the time when the country ran out of money and the regeneration scheme slowed down , leaving whole estates of abandoned buildings for the local hoodlums to destroy . 
  that was around the same time that google decided to street view the area . 
  fortuitous timing all around . 
  my family used to live in moyross when i was born , but my parents saw that the neighbourhood was taking a turn for the worse and moved to a nicer area before my first birthday . 
  our old house burnt down around 5 years ago . 
  while the catholic community in ni is slowly growing , support for a united ireland there collapsed due to the economic situation in the republic . 
  whether it will increase again once the republic 's economy improves remains to be seen . 
  in the republic , while support for unification is still high in theory , most practically-minded people acknowledge that we 're in no position to be able to afford ni right now . 
  their economy is heavily subsidised by the uk government and ireland just does n't have that sort of money . 
  the two irish nationalist parties in northern ireland are left-wing and socially liberal , at least compared to the main unionist parties there . 
  in the republic , there 's actually strong support for same-sex marriage according to the polls , roughly 75 % are in favour . 
  the government plan to hold a referendum on it in 2015 and all four main political parties are in favour , so it 's likely to pass . 
  i would argue that we joined the euro in part because we felt more european . 
   what sort of odds do you think there would be to signing up for a union again ? 
  honestly ? 
  there is no unionist movement in the republic , no political parties advocate for it , and almost nobody would vote for it . 
  you will rarely come across people that say they are in favour of it , but it 's a fringe opinion . 
  most unionists left the irish free state in the 1920s , and most of those that remained came to accept independence . 
  while we speak the same language and are culturally similar , irish people in the republic generally do not consider ourselves british , so the uk government is seen as being as foreign as the french or german governments . 
  at most , i could see ireland re-joining the commonwealth at some point , but even that is n't on the political agenda here . 
  we 'd get to access the bbc iplayer without having to use proxies . 
  cons ? 
  the ira would be back in a big way . 
  as for the goings on in belfast , i 'm probably not the best to ask . 
  all the stuff that goes on up there , such as the bombings , the marches , the obsession with flags , that 's as alien to me as it is to people in england , scotland , and wales . 
  as far as i can tell , the vast majority of people in ni on both sides of the divide want peace , but the economic downturn has encouraged some people towards extremism again . 
  hopefully things will die down again once the economy improves . 
   i mean , holy crap we can vote in each others ' elections for christ 's sake !, 
  well , most elections . 
  british citizens resident in ireland can vote in everything but presidential elections or referendums . 
  irish and commonwealth citizens resident in the uk can vote in all elections , as i understand it . 
  norway . 
  they have that huge sovereign wealth fund , we have a huge amount of debt ... it 's a perfect match !, 
  hey , give us back donegal !, 
  we need them for fishing purposes . 
   i am very aware why it 's a different country . 
  however i am just not entirely sure it should be nor that it is worth it . 
  a brief list of reasons off the top of my head : 1 ) the most obvious positive of independence is that we get to write our own laws to suit our interests . 
  ireland strikes me as a more socially conscious society than the uk , especially whenever you have a tory government . 
  2 ) we get to negotiate for ourselves at the eu and other international bodies . 
  we obviously do n't have the same sort of influence that the uk has , but having our own seat at the table has been beneficial on many occasions . 
  3 ) our small military allows us to redirect funds to more important things , such as education . 
  it also means we do n't get involved in quagmires in the middle east . 
  4 ) we do n't have a monarch . 
  i know most people in britain like having one , but we do n't . 
  it also appears to me that , somewhat ironically , our media tend to be more respectful towards our president and his family than yours are towards the royals . 
  there are things in the uk that i wish we had , such as the nhs , the transportation network , and the bbc . 
  and there are things in ireland that i dislike , such as some of our socially conservative laws . 
  but on the whole , i feel the advantages of independence significantly outweigh the disadvantages . 
  besides , our two countries have a pretty good thing going right now , the relationship between our peoples has never been as positive as it currently is , so there 's no point in messing with the status quo . 
  because david cameron and george osborne are economic masterminds and champions of stringent financial regulation . 
  it 's disappointing that you feel the need to belittle others ' struggles for independence in order to value your own . 
  ireland suffered centuries of cultural and religious persecution , which caused [ a cycle of violent uprisings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_irish_uprisings ) against british rule culminating in the war of independence . 
  as such , rightly or wrongly , the struggle for independence became part of the irish national identity . 
  irish people , generally speaking , identify with nations such as yours that are still seeking independence . 
  the uk , and sweden and denmark for some reason , offered to contribute bilateral loans to ireland as part of the eu/imf bailout , but the uk never offered to cover all of ireland 's debts . 
  if the uk had n't offered the bilateral loan then their contribution would have come from somewhere else . 
  from what i can tell , the bulk of the money for the bailout came from [ the imf , efsf and efsm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility#bailout_programs_for_eu_members_.28since_2008.29 ) , with the uk also offering a loan worth roughly $ 3.5 bn and sweden offering a loan around $ 1bn . 
  ireland also technically funded the bailout by raiding the national pension reserve fund which was worth roughly $ 17bn . 
  the uk certainly contributed to the bailout , but it was n't the pillar upon which it rested .
