  it 's still common in the us today . 
  of course , the sectarianism of ni politics made it worse as they were disenfranchising a minority population , but gerrymandering itself is n't particularly exceptional . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : * 1 . 
  scottish ( uk ) * 2 . 
  irish ( republic of ) * 3 . 
  australian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : * 1 . 
  english * 2 . 
  polish * 3 . 
  greek, 
   the swedes , dutch and irish also oppose juncker . 
  the irish pm has publicly backed juncker . 
   although who said anything about qeii ? 
  i was thinking the healy-raes !, 
  oh god !, 
  we 'd have to make a crown in the shape of a flat cap . 
  legally , would there have to be a referendum ? 
  the republic of ireland act 1948 was merely an act of the oireachtas , so undoing it and reinstating the monarchy should n't require a constitutional amendment . 
  the office of president of ireland would remain , but queen elizabeth would be head of state . 
   i was a bit shocked to learn that neither the british nor the irish consider themselves european . 
  wait , what ? 
  irish people generally consider ourselves european . 
  in my experience , it 's only some english people ( perhaps a majority ) that seem to have a problem with that label . 
   the only reason we are out of the bailout is because the esb backed our debt . 
  the electricity supply board are richer than i thought ... 
  comparisons to obama are misleading as he heads a presidential republic and holds executive power . 
  a constitutional monarchy would most likely transition into a parliamentary republic where the presidency is a largely ceremonial role , like in ireland , italy , germany , etc. 
  i do n't know how germans and italians feel about their presidents , but in ireland the population generally holds him in high regard , even those who did n't vote for him . 
  schengen is merely about border controls , the free movement of people throughout europe is a separate thing entirely . 
  basically , any citizen of an eu country is entitled to live and work in the uk , but they have to show their passport on the way in . 
  the government is attempting to divest the church of many of their schools so that they can be run by a board of multi-denominational trustees , but the process has been slow . 
  [ seemingly every country punches above their weight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cydlw-s4sty ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  stv accounts for how popular and unpopular candidates are , which should hurt any parties perceived as being racist as they 'll be unlikely to receive transfers . 
  this was actually a problem for sinn f\u00e9in up until the 2011 election , their association with the troubles in ni made them transfer toxic and they won fewer seats in the d\u00e1il than their share of the first preference vote would suggest . 
  you 're right that in countries like the uk and france , where they do n't have proportional representation , far-right parties would benefit . 
  but most countries in europe do have some form of pr , and in those countries stv may curtail the representation of the far-right . 
  not so much tricksy , the uk were toying with using stv themselves at the time but abandoned the idea because it would have hurt the established parties . 
  the historically dominant party in ireland , fianna f\u00e1il , attempted twice to replace it with first past the post as they realised that would grant them majority rule forevermore , but the proposal was voted down in both referendums . 
  there was also a proposal to our constitutional convention last year to replace it with mixed-member proportional representation , but the convention voted to keep stv . 
  it 's a lengthy , unintuitive system , but we seem to like it well enough . 
   greece - its more a pro/anti austerity vote . 
  this is pretty much how it is seen in ireland as well . 
   it 's a shame because the british isles would be a much more special place if we were all united . 
  we tried that once . 
  did not feel special . 
  2/10 , would not attempt again . 
  the irish are obviously genetically and culturally white europeans , but for much of history were considered an inferior people and not truly `` white '' . 
  in the 19th century , political cartoons would often depict the irish with ape-like features , similar to the way black people were depicted . 
  that sort of prejudice is mostly gone now , although some of the irish stereotypes that exist today come from that era . 
   the special position of the roman catholic church effectively made the vatican canon legally binding . 
  as was ruled in dozens of cases . 
  care to name cases ? 
  because i 'm unable to find anything about them . 
  what i have found is that the courts recognise catholic canon law as a valid legal system to be respected , but in the same way that american law or japanese law are . 
  i can find no evidence that canon law was ever legally binding in ireland . 
   such as the fethard-on-sea boycott . 
  forgive my ignorance , but which court case ? 
  the only reference to a court case i found relating to that incident took place in belfast . 
   marrying in a protestant church . 
  - this is basically a stupid idea , in a time when converting ends you up disappearing firstly , i 'm unaware of any cases where people in the republic `` disappeared '' due to converting to a protestant faith , although i would n't be hugely surprised had it happened at some point . 
  secondly , catholics did not need to convert in order to get married in a protestant church , they allowed mixed marriages and without all that ante-nuptial agreement nonsense . 
  it may not have been socially acceptable , but social conventions are a separate thing from the law . 
   you can go on claiming that the church and the state were not the same thing nobody denies that the two were far too close , and that the catholic church was granted undue power and deference by the civil authorities . 
  that is to this country 's eternal shame , and it left a mess we 're still trying to deal with . 
  but the two were not always in lockstep . 
  look at the fethard-on-sea incident you referenced , for example , de valera opposed the church in that instance and was critical of the boycott . 
   you can not claim that ne temere was not legally enforced and then claim the ante-nuptial signed without legal representation within a church are . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  i am not saying that those ante-nuptial agreements should have been legally binding , nor am i seeking to defend the bigotry that underscored the ne temere doctrine . 
  but the tilson case was much more complex than you made it out to be . 
  it did not enshrine catholic canon law or the ne temere doctrine into irish law . 
   it is why the unionist whack jobs could use the cases so effectively , the unionist whackjobs lied and exaggerated all the time , and they had a sizeable audience that were more than willing to listen . 
  the same is true of the republican whackjobs . 
  just because you can convince a lot of people to believe a thing does n't mean that that thing is true . 
   the agreement to raise children catholic was legally required do you have any proof of that ? 
  because i 've been searching for a while now , and i ca n't find anything . 
  to get married in a catholic church , mixed couples had to sign such an agreement , but that was a requirement made by the church , not the state . 
  i know we all like to joke that the church and state were the same thing in ireland , but there 's a pretty important distinction there . 
  a mixed couple that did n't want to raise their children catholic could have gotten married in a protestant church , or have a civil marriage . 
   signing the agreement requires your children be raised catholic no it does n't . 
  [ read through the judgement of the tilson case ] ( http://www.parentalequality.eu/knowledge-sharing/landmark-judgements/guardianship-tilson-1951/ ) , the three key points are as follow : * 1 . 
  under the constitution both parents have a joint power and duty in respect of the religious education of their children and if they together make a decision and put it into practice it is not in the power of either parent to revoke such decision against the will of the other . 
  an ante-nuptial agreement made by the parties to a marriage , dealing with matters which will arise during the marriage and put into force after the marriage , is effective and of binding force in law . 
  the former rule that the father has a right to break an ante-nuptial agreement as to the religion in which children of the marriage will be brought up has no place where the power of control over the religious education of the children of the marriage has been exercised ; such a power is a joint power and is not revocable by one of the parties alone . 
  so , if both parents had agreed to disregard the ante-nuptial agreement and raise their children protestant , that would have been perfectly acceptable . 
  ne temere , though widely practised , was never a part of irish law . 
  i 'm after reading up on tilson vs. tilson , and while i am not a legal expert , your claims appear to be somewhat exaggerated . 
  in that case , the couple had signed an ante-nuptial agreement to raise their children catholic , a requirement at that time for mixed couples seeking to get married in a catholic church . 
  the court did n't rule that the children must be raised catholic , but that the father 's rights as head of the household ( as was his legal position at the time ) did not entitle him to change their religion without the consent of the mother . 
  it 's an interesting case . 
  the father was clearly in the wrong , taking his children and sending them to an institution is way out of line , and if such a thing had happened today the mother would almost certainly have been awarded custody . 
  but that was n't the legal position at the time , so the ante-nuptial agreement was used as a way of invalidating the father 's legal right to do whatever he wanted with his kids . 
  the ruling certainly was n't intended to dick him over for being protestant . 
  in fact , one of the justices pointed out that the ruling could be used the other way in future , should a mixed marriage have an ante-nuptial agreement to raise their children protestant . 
  that map does n't prove anything as the proportion of catholics grew in both states during that time . 
  it just looks worse for the republic because the protestant minority was smaller to begin with . 
  there was a substantial decline in the protestant population in the free state between 1911 and 1926 , which suggests there was some level of exodus . 
  some of that may have been down to discrimination from the catholic majority , some of it may have been down to unionists not wanting to live in a `` foreign '' country and moving to the uk , and some may have been economic migration as the free state was a bit of a basket-case . 
  after that point , the decline was more gradual and can be explained by the fact that catholic families tend to have more children , and the ne temere doctrine encouraged mixed marriages to raise their children catholic . 
  protestants kept their heads down at first so as not to attract unwanted attention , but eventually were accepted by the catholic majority .
