  the 8 ( 9 including you ) people i referred to is my rough estimate as to the total number who would wish to rejoin the uk . 
  criticise the eu all you want , but they 've been better `` overlords '' than the uk ever was or is ever likely to be . 
  you and about 8 other people . 
   i find it strange that eu countries have no regard for united kingdom and its sovereignty and the uk 's lack of regard for ireland 's sovereignty is the reason why northern ireland exists at all . 
  so this is kinda ironic . 
  ultimately , northern ireland 's fate will be determined by the people that live there , which is as it should be . 
  it is only proper that the eu be aware that the possibility of a unified ireland exists on the distant horizon . 
  we learn about the war in ireland because our own fascist movement organised a brigade of a few hundred men to fight for the nationalists . 
  they ended up being a bit rubbish at that whole fighting thing and franco sent them home after a few months . 
  the failure killed off the political career of our leading fascist , eoin o'duffy , and the movement faded away shortly after . 
  he 's smart , but he 's gaff-prone and clearly not disciplined , and he has a poor reputation among foreign leaders . 
  making him your government 's chief diplomat is a clear sign that may is putting internal tory party politics ahead of britain 's national interest , and the interests of the global community . 
  it 's a bad start for a government that needs to maintain good relations with as many countries as possible to weather to coming monsoon . 
  britain are the ones breaking the gfa . 
  the irish government warned repeatedly before the vote that brexit would likely lead to a hard border in ireland , and the majority of british people simply did n't care . 
  if the peace in ni comes crumbling down over this , it will be on their heads , not ours . 
  there 's no legal requirement , but airlines usually demand a passport regardless . 
  there 's also a bored guard that you have to flash some form of id at when you arrive in ireland , but not when you arrive in the uk . 
  they should get the schengen opt-out like ireland has as it does n't make sense to force scotland to have a hard border with england . 
  but that 's the only one they should get . 
  scotland joining schengen would n't make any sense since their only land border is with a country that refuses to join . 
  the eu knows this and would probably be flexible enough not to force the issue . 
  i agree that scotland would n't be given an opt-out on the euro . 
  no , it 's just boris on a zip-line again . 
   the story has it he wrote two opinion pieces ( much like the column being referred here ) , one in favour of leave and one of remain and only decided at the last minute to gamble on leave , not only that , but someone who got to read both articles said that the one in favour of remain was much more persuasive . 
  [ here 's a clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26l2bonxwzq ) of boris being caught out by that claim , and his response is not very convincing . 
  cameron : so , chums , some weather we 've been having , eh ? 
  eu-27 : ... cameron : we had some turbulence on the flight over , and i spilt tea on my trousers . 
  eu-27 : ... cameron : have you guys been watching the footy ? 
  merkel : david , is n't there something important you 'd like to discuss with us ? 
  cameron : um ... no , ca n't think of anything . 
  merkel : did n't your country hold a referendum recently ? 
  cameron : did we ? 
  merkel : something about leaving the european union . 
  cameron : oh , that , right . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have the results with me . 
  merkel : i think we know the result , you voted to lea - cameron : stop !, 
  i 'm terribly sorry , but i 'm bursting for a piss . 
  just give me a second to visit the men 's room . 
  merkel : \\* sigh * fine . 
  cameron : just be a tick . 
  \\* runs out of the room . 
  sound of a plane taking off . 
   ireland is now the fastest growing economy in the eu not any more we 're not . 
  estimates of our economic growth are [ going to be revised downward ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/0624/797807-sterling/ ) due to brexit . 
  thanks england ( and wales ) . 
  removing the monarchy would require them to bypass normal legal procedure , but they 've done that in the past to depose monarchs so they could certainly do it again . 
  england was even a republic for a time in the 17th century . 
  there was one witness who was some distance away when the attack started who , when asked if the attacker had shouted anything about britain first , said `` i never heard that . 
  i can not confirm it . '', 
  some people distorted that quote and claimed that a witness had denied the attacker had shouted `` britain first '' , but that 's not what the witness actually said . 
  there were other people posting across social media making claims that the police had released a statement denying the britain first stuff , and others who claimed that the witness who first made the accusation about britain first had redacted it . 
  those were blatant lies . 
  the people who spread those lies are the ones who were acting in a disgusting manner . 
  the police described it as a `` targeted attack '' , so probably yes . 
   i 've still not read any major news source reporting this was a targeted killing . 
  in fact the story they 're reporting suggests quire the opposite . 
  i do n't know what articles you 've been reading then , because [ the police statement ] ( https://youtu.be/dzoqnpvl6w4?t=114 ) literally called it `` an isolated but targeted attack on jo '' . 
  not quite . 
  the dup support brexit but the uup support remain . 
  sinn f\u00e9in , the sdlp , and alliance also support remain . 
  no , there 's another witness who is saying that he did n't hear the attacker say anything about britain first but ca n't confirm one way or the other . 
  so there are two witnesses saying with certainty that he said it and one saying essentially that he does n't know . 
  and we 're not , [ because you guys were mean to us ] ( http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/the-time-canada-annoyed-ireland-so-much-that-they-impulsively-ditched-the-commonwealth-forever ) . 
  otherwise known as ... europe . 
  that was a trick question !, 
  she 's a queen-consort , damn it !, 
  hitler 's most notorious genocide did n't target christians . 
  the first genocide that most europeans think of when we hear the word is probably the holocaust . 
  that question tripped me up too , due to the use of the word 'em blem ' . 
  the irish oak is the national tree , but i would n't consider it an emblem . 
  the harp is an emblem , the shamrock too , but not the oak tree . 
  finally , a metric where ireland is ranked among the nordic countries . 
  [ here 's the report on ireland ] ( https://rainbow-europe.org/#8639/0/0 ) . 
  it seems that we scored highly in the areas of family law and gender identity , but we did poorly on non-discrimination and hate crime laws . 
  in fact , most of the marks lost seem to be due to the lack of laws protecting transgender people , which is n't too surprising considering the law allowing people to change their legal gender only came about last year . 
  everyone rebels a little when they 're in college , but once those people settle down and have a mortgage they 'll slowly conform to our society 's tea-drinking expectations . 
  the famine devastated ireland , entire villages and communities were abandoned . 
  for many people , there was simply no future in ireland and no reason to stay , so they moved to britain or america or australia or wherever they felt they could start a new life . 
  the famine had also created communities of irish refugees in many countries that would work and send money back to their families so that they could afford to leave too . 
  this led to ireland developing a culture of mass emigration that lasted up until relatively recently , and which still exists today to a lesser extent . 
  in all my years , i have never met a single person that has ever cared one iota about the colour of their passport . 
  2.7 million is only for the republic , the population of the entire island of ireland at that time ( 1961 ) was around 4.25 million . 
   if  then else, 
  where the fuck are all you people getting this idea that he was asked a hypothetical question about spain invading ? 
  [ watch the interview before commenting ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8pkbui6ipe ) . 
  he was asked * about trade * , he brought up the spectre of war all by himself . 
   he was asked a hypothetical question [ have you even watched the interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8pkbui6ipe ) ? 
  he was asked * about trade * . 
  the suggestion of war came entirely from michael howard himself . 
  [ except that 's not how this whole mess started ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8pkbui6ipe ) . 
  how you should word it is like this . 
  other person : this gibraltar issue presents a wrinkle in getting a trade deal , does n't it ? 
  uk : if spain invades , we 'll punch back . 
  other person : that 's not the question i asked , give it another go . 
   so an ex politician answering a hypothetical question he was asked a question * about trade * . 
  [ michael howard himself is the one that turned the subject towards war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8pkbui6ipe ) , and the interviewer corrected him and turned the conversation back towards trade . 
  because the country is not just southern ireland , it 's southern , eastern , western , and north-western ireland , including the most northerly point on the island . 
  calling the republic `` south ireland '' makes it seem like the island is evenly split , which it 's not . 
  calling it the republic of ireland , the irish republic , etc is more appropriate .
