  following the 1910 election , the liberal party were short of a majority and needed the support of the irish parliamentary party to form a government . 
  home rule was the price demanded for that support . 
  the conservative party did everything they could to stop it , even going as far as supporting the seditious actions of the ulster unionists , and by 1914 ireland was on the brink of civil war between the unionists and the nationalists . 
  home rule still completed its journey through parliament , but the law was suspended in order to prevent civil conflict in ireland , which would have been a distraction from the much bigger war britain was fighting in europe . 
  however , yeawhat mistakenly conflated home rule , which was a form of devolution within the united kingdom , with independence . 
  the british government never offered ireland independence before or during the war , which is why the ira chose to fight for it . 
  home rule was not the same thing as independence , it was a form of devolution similar to what scotland has now . 
  ireland would have remained within the united kingdom , the british government would still have had a great deal of control over irish affairs , british troops would have remained on irish soil , and so on . 
  the ira felt that was n't enough and fought to achieve complete separation . 
  in the end , a stalemate was reached . 
  britain could have subdued ireland militarily in theory , but it would have required a larger commitment of troops and the political will to send those troops just was n't there . 
  the treaty that ended the war was a compromise ; dominion status within the british empire but outside the uk . 
  more than home rule , less than the republic the ira wanted . 
  crucially , it removed british troops from most of ireland , and it gave ireland the freedom to achieve complete independence in the following decades . 
  so yes , it is misleading to say that ireland beat the brits because the truth is more complex than that . 
  but trying to pass off home rule as being the same as independence is completely disingenuous . 
  we would have been 10 years ago , but we 've been slowly sliding down the list since the recession . 
  what 's more , [ the plan to introduce conscription in ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscription_crisis_of_1918 ) played a big part in the independence movement here . 
  political considerations meant that the conscription law did n't apply to ireland when it was introduced in 1916 , but the german spring offensive of 1918 caused the british government plan the extension of conscription to ireland . 
  the pro-independence party , sinn f\u00e9in , took on a leading role in the anti-conscription movement which boosted their popularity and helped them achieve a landslide victory in the election later that year . 
  it 's cloudy . 
  it was cloudy during the 1999 eclipse too . 
  and the 2004 transit of venus . 
  either god hates me , or he is really concerned about my eyesight . 
  your king is kryten ? 
  if it makes you feel any better , the show has no idea how western europe works either . 
  the very first scene of the show ( [ seen in this trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbp8fykcf9e ) ) depicts a us military incursion into ireland in order to kidnap a child because he hacked nasa 's website . 
  all the more absurd because they claim it 's based on a true story . 
  * `` ah feck , i knew that kite would n't work . 
  the worst part is that the dup have said they will use a petition of concern to block same-sex marriage even if the majority of the assembly votes for it , so they potentially have the power to veto it for decades . 
  they entered airspace that is controlled by the irish aviation authority , which they are perfectly entitled to do . 
  neither the british nor russian planes entered irish sovereign airspace , which they are not entitled to enter . 
  and that 's why irish people object to that name . 
  we also have a lot of sheep on our hill tiles , so unlocking pastures early was a must . 
  they know a good flag when they see one . 
  that 's wales . 
  we 're `` separated '' . 
  which is at least slightly different than `` divided '' . 
   and the lower house is completely toothless and badly in need of reform . 
  assuming you 're referring to the seanad , that 's actually the upper house . 
  the d\u00e1il is the lower house . 
   if you feel irish you should use it . 
  i understand that language and national identity are closely related in many countries , and i respect that , but please do n't try to apply your cultural standard to other nations . 
  whatever the sins of the past , ireland is a majority english-speaking country now , and most of us are content with that . 
  it does n't make me feel less irish , and i wont let others tell me that it should . 
  you 're correct that wales was part of the kingdom of england before the acts of union , but in the modern day it would be politically damaging not to include wales in the name . 
  personally , i prefer the symmetry of ** the united kingdom of southern britain and northern ireland ** . 
  i suppose that 's an understandable mistake for a roma to make . 
  irish too . 
  that or td , which is short for teachta d\u00e1la ( deputy of the assembly ) . 
  no , seriously , nobody in ireland ( the republic , at least ) refers to britain as the mainland . 
  that would be a really daft name for it considering there 's a much , much larger landmass right next to you . 
  continental europe is clearly the mainland , we 're on islands . 
   the british government was so keen on home rule that it pushed it through a house of lords veto and alienated both the population of ulster and the british army in the process . 
  the liberal government of herbert asquith were the ones who accepted the idea home rule , and they made a pact with the irish parliamentary party following the 1910 election to see it implemented in return for irish support in reforming the house of lords . 
  the conservative party under andrew bonar law were completely opposed to home rule , and in the years leading up to the bill 's final passage in 1914 they sought to find ways to delay or block the bill . 
  bonar law even went so far as to support the ulster volunteer force in their threat to oppose home rule through armed insurrection against crown forces . 
  the liberal party fractured during wwi , and in the 1918 election it was the conservative party that won a majority in the commons . 
  in a position of power , they would have been able to kill or delay home rule for another decade . 
  as it so happens , they did pass a home rule bill in 1920 , albeit one that partitioned the island , but they did this in the desperate attempt to end the insurrection against british rule that was already underway . 
  had there not been a rising in 1916 , would the tories have implemented home rule after wwi ? 
  probably not without the threat of violence from the irish volunteers , and even then they would have found every opportunity to drag their feet on the matter . 
  the actual officially recognised independence day , the 6th of december 1922 , was a bitter compromise that few in ireland were happy with , but which most were willing to accept . 
  and it occurred in the middle of the civil war , an extremely bitter conflict where former comrades fought against one another . 
  plus , independence did n't deliver a republic as was promised , the irish free state was a dominion under the british crown , the republic only came about 27 years later . 
  and some would argue that the independence movement still is n't complete because of the status of northern ireland . 
  there 's no real end-point at which independence can be appropriately marked , which is why we choose the start-point instead . 
  the rising may have been a military failure , but it directly led to the war of independence . 
  i 'm not offended by the name , i 'm annoyed by the confusion it creates . 
  it is very common to encounter foreigners who think that all of ireland is british , that we have the same status as scotland within the uk , and it 's partly because of that outdated name . 
  hell , i 've even encountered some british people who are n't aware that we 're an independent country . 
  it is a misleading name , it causes unnecessary misunderstandings . 
  avoiding it would be good for ireland , good for the billions of people throughout the world who were n't taught the complex political geography of these islands , and would have effectively no impact on people in britain . 
  so it would be nice if you guys could just be gracious about this issue , accept that the name has passed it use by date , and just let it go . 
  can i just say that i do n't like the name ` british isles ' either , but i think your tone here is counter productive . 
  you come across as obtuse , pretending not to know that ireland is in the archipelago commonly known as the british isles , and that makes people think that you 're a twat that should be ignored . 
  all you have to do is politely point out the irish objection to that name , link to [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) about the dispute , assert that as residents of the archipelago we should have some right in what the area is named , and humbly request that the term ` british isles ' be avoided . 
  then , maybe some people will gain sympathy for our feelings and will choose not to use that name in the future . 
  but if we act like twats about the issue then people will go out of their way to use the name just to annoy us . 
  and that 's how we get trolls like that citee_londinius prick . 
  as they say , you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar . 
  the united federation of planets ^ ^ in ^ ^ europe ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ turkeys . 
   northern ireland is as euroskeptic as the welsh and english . 
  [ that 's not what the polls say ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#northern_ireland ) . 
  ** we are the eu . 
  you will be accessioned . 
  lower your borders and surrender your sovereignty . 
  we will add your cultural and sociological distinctiveness to our own . 
  your country will adapt to service us . 
  resistance is optional . 
  that first gif does n't display how shane ross ' surplus vote was distributed . 
  the quota was 10,275 , on the second count he had 10,411 votes , so on the third count 136 of his votes should have been distributed along with the 3,076 from sorcha nic cormaic . 
  the gif does a good job of showing how a candidate can come from behind to win a seat , but transfers from surpluses are an important part of stv and the gif does n't display how that works at all , therefore it does n't represent the system very well . 
  edit : if anyone wants to see more animations of the system in action , councillor clare byrne has a collection [ on her website ] ( http://clairebyrne.ie/counts/ ) from the 2014 local elections . 
  [ this one ] ( http://clairebyrne.ie/counts/animation.php?count=fingal_mulhuddart ) in particular shows how important surplus votes are . 
  paul donnelly more than doubled the quota on the first count , and his transfers mostly went to his party colleague edmund lukusa , electing him on the second count . 
   there is questions about ireland leaving the eu if the uk do questions raised by people who apparently do n't understand the modern irish economy . 
  there 's no chance that we 're leaving . 
  and trump is n't ? 
  he 's an egotistical and arguably delusional billionaire who exploits media coverage by saying outrageous things and bullying the other candidates .
