  it was n't like that when i was young . 
  we used to wear bin liners and crap plastic masks and receive gifts of apples , grapes , monkey nuts , and maybe the occasional chocolate bar . 
  the way i see it , if my halloween was a bit shit then i do n't see why today 's children should have it any better . 
  all the leaders in civ 6 announce themselves by their contemporary titles . 
  for example , [ frederick barbarossa ] ( https://youtu.be/xaypln-irwa?t=23 ) , the german leader , also announces himself as the king of italy . 
  since victoria was the queen of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , that is the title used in the game . 
  although i 'm sure some scots are annoyed that victoria in the game is the ruler of * england * , i know that there were complaints when she and churchill were used in civ 4 . 
   he wants transerable voting not in local districts but in presidential elections . 
  that 's what we use for presidential elections in ireland and it works fine . 
  i do n't see how it 's `` undemocratic '' in any way . 
  that 's called first past the post voting and it creates situations where a candidate can be elected with a minority of the vote . 
  transferable voting means that the winning candidate must gather support from at least 50 % of the population , which makes it considerably more democratic in my view . 
  not if you use instant runoff voting or a two-round system . 
  i kind of felt that way about 3 and 4 , but 5 was pretty much a reboot that kept the core mechanics of cities and units but rebuilt everything else from the ground up . 
  6 looks like it 's a solid iteration on 5 , refining the mechanics and adding some new stuff into the mix . 
  that 's fine for one game , but i hope civ 7 goes in a radical new direction again . 
  i feel completely the opposite . 
  civ 5 at launch had some questionable design aspects , such as global happiness , but all the `` stuff '' added in the expansions was extremely well integrated and managed to enhance the core gameplay . 
  take tourism , which you seem find strange for some reason , that mechanic is the basis for the best and most logical culture victory the series has ever offered . 
  but more than that , it plays a major role in the ideological conflicts in the modern eras . 
  one of my favourite aspects of the game is watching how my cultural influence can cripple rival empires without even having to fire a single shot at them . 
  civ 2 was a great game for its time , but it was extremely basic for a game that aspired to tackle the subject of civilisation itself . 
  there was n't even a cultural element to the gameplay , or even something as simple as borders . 
  i wasted many an afternoon on that game , i have a lot of nostalgic love for it , but i very much do n't want the series to return to that level . 
  i had that `` opportunity '' for 13 years . 
  i 'm content to leave it at that . 
  few countries will be interested in beginning extensive negotiations until the uk 's deal with the eu is done , because that deal will be a major factor in determining how attractive the uk will be post brexit . 
  a uk that retains extensive access to the single market would be a more valuable trade partner for a third party than a uk that has to fall back to wto rules to trade with europe . 
  so most countries are likely to take a wait and see approach before beginning detailed negotiations . 
  schengen makes sense for islands , but not if your only land border is with a non-schengen country . 
  ireland got an exemption for that reason , scotland probably would too . 
   the eu has a mechanism on the books for this process , it has time to make it work . 
  [ the author of article 50 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-britain-theresa-may-article-50-not-supposed-meant-to-be-used-trigger-giuliano-a7156656.html ) has already acknowledged that it was never intended to be triggered , thus he put no real thought into it . 
  2 years is probably not enough time to negotiate the sort of trade treaty that the uk needs , it typically takes the eu 5 or so years for a normal deal , and this one is going to have to be more in-depth . 
  some of the more cynical commentators have suggested that article 50 was written to be so unworkable that no country would be crazy enough to trigger it . 
  i remember when may became pm she gave a speech saying that she 's a unionist and that that 's important to her . 
  i thought that 's fair enough , i hope she means it . 
  but it has become clear now that her idea of unionism is just british nationalism . 
  a true unionist to my mind is one that cares about all parts of the uk and works to find solutions acceptable to all the nations within it . 
  her idea of unionism seems to be that the uk must do as england wishes as it 's the biggest member , and that those who object are `` divisive nationalists '' . 
  she has been a terrible disappointment in that regard . 
  * `` do not wait to strike 'til the iron is hot , but make it hot by striking . 
  '' * - the civ5 dude, 
  when you win a brexit vote , they let you do it . 
  you can do anything . 
  grab them by * la chatte * . 
  somehow , i had a suspicion after reading your comment that you are a contributor to / r/the _ donald . 
  yup . 
  also , it 's amusing that you 're an irishman who lives and presumably works in germany , but you want to lose your residency rights there . 
  amazing . 
  surprising to you as it may be , none of us need to be paid to come to the conclusion that you 're a muppet . 
  we 're capable of coming to that conclusion by our own free will . 
  here 's the problem with his analysis : ireland 's economic strategy is n't just a low tax one , the strategy is to provide low taxes for those seeking to invest * in the eu * . 
  ireland leaving the eu to keep our low corporation tax rate does n't make any sense as we 'd lose the main reason why companies invest here . 
  if we left the eu , most of those companies would just relocate to a remaining eu state with low taxes . 
  he 's right that ireland needs to transition away from this low tax model , for practical reasons if not moral ones . 
  so what will our economic role be then ? 
  well , we 're about to become the largest english-speaking and common law using country in the eu . 
  a lot of american companies are going to find that attractive , especially considering the fact that tax harmonisation means they 're not going to find a better tax deal elsewhere in the union . 
  it may not be quite as profitable for the country as the current strategy , but it 's better than being out in the cold again . 
  it 's interesting you say that as i read [ an article ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/1007/822151-tony-connelly-walking-the-tightrope-irelands-b/ ) today that suggested that the british government may attempt to pressure ireland to leave with them . 
   if things get to a critical point during the negotiations , we can expect a whispering campaign from the tabloid press and the tory commentariat that it would be in ireland 's interests to follow britain out of the eu . 
   `` they 'll make it hard for us to stay in , '' says one source . 
  `` that would solve the north issue and weaken the eu . 
  the uk is in a weak position and they 'll have to play every card they have . 
  and we 're a card . '', 
  i ca n't imagine it would work . 
  despite various concerns , eu membership remains very popular in ireland , with [ a poll from this summer ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/four-out-of-five-irish-voters-say-uk-was-wrong-to-leave-eu-1.2712755 ) putting support for our membership at 86 % . 
  plus , i 'd imagine there 'd be an emotional counter-reaction if britain was seen to be attempting to pressure ireland in any way . 
  so it 's unlikely , but i 'm a little concerned by the threat . 
  the antonym of immigrant is emigrant . 
  but that word looks too similar to immigrant , which has negative connotations for some people , so expat gets used instead . 
  like i said , yes , by modern standards the partition of ireland was an immoral act . 
  but it happened a century ago . 
  we ca n't undo the crimes of the past . 
  ireland , all of it , was a colony of britain , and northern ireland is a remnant of that legacy . 
  but that does n't change the fact that there are people living there today that were born there and lived their whole lives there . 
  they are n't colonists , they 're citizens , and they 're not responsible for the actions of their ancestors . 
  we ca n't say to those people that they have no right to determine their own future . 
  to do that would n't be correcting a historical wrong , it would be creating a new wrong that future generations would judge us just as poorly for . 
  unity through consent is the only way a united ireland can work . 
  it 's not going to happen any time soon . 
  there 's a good chance it will never happen . 
  if that 's the case then that 's unfortunate in my view , but we 'll just have to live with that . 
  it 's a tricky subject . 
  i do n't think the fact that they 're mostly descended from british settlers should have any bearing on the matter because they were just one of several waves of settlers to ireland . 
  ultimately , after a generation or two , they 're all irish to my eyes . 
  personally , my opinion is that the partition of the island in 1920 was wrong . 
  before that date , northern ireland neither existed legally nor culturally , and it therefore could not have had the right to self determination . 
  the island as a whole had voted for independence , and my view is that that should have been respected . 
  splitting off part of the island to create an artificial majority for unionists was improper by our modern standards . 
  however , that was almost a century ago . 
  whatever the rights and wrongs of that decision , we must deal with the situation as it presently stands . 
  it would be silly to argue that northern ireland and the republic have n't diverged culturally , politically , legally , economically and so on in that time . 
  my view is that the people of northern ireland have gained the right to self determination in the intervening period . 
  as such , any attempt to unify ireland can only be done with the consent of the majority of the people of northern ireland , as well as a majority of people in the republic . 
  that 's the view of most people in the republic of ireland , although some still hold to the opinion that northern ireland is an illegitimate entity and should not have the right to self determination . 
  but that 's very much a minority opinion these days . 
   the truth is ireland needs to reunite and that 's the perfect reason to do it . 
  that 's easy to say , but only the misinformed think it 's likely to happen any time soon .
