  [ that was the plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reunification#rest_of_europe ) . 
  ireland held the rotating presidency of the ec at the time and put german reunification at the centre of the agenda despite reservations by most other member states . 
  this was done precisely to set a precedent for peaceful unification in europe that ireland could later follow . 
  the uk government 's lawyers recently claimed that their stance on denying a parliamentary vote on brexit was legally sound . 
  and when they lost that case in court , they claimed that their appeal to the supreme court was legally sound . 
  we all know how that ended . 
  i would n't put much faith in those lawyers . 
  [ gods , you 're a pillock ] ( http://www.dummies.com/education/math/statistics/how-to-calculate-the-margin-of-error-for-a-sample-proportion/ ) . 
  i am by no means an expert , but as somebody that studied this region of mathematics at university , who actually worked with these equations and developed a fairly reasonable understanding of this whole subject , you 're going to need to present a more solid argument than laughing your arse off to convince me that you have a clue as to what you 're talking about . 
  and as an aside , the next time you decide to bemoan how this sub is anti-british and is always downvoting you for that reason , just remember how pathetic your arguments were today , then fuck off . 
  oh this is amazing . 
  so you dispute the poll that says support for independence is up because it had the `` pretty small sample size '' of 1,237 , then quote the poll that shows support for the union up even though * it has a smaller sample size of 1,028 * . 
  i mean , that 's a perfectly respectable sample size , but you are such a fucking hypocrite . 
  so no , i do n't think you understand shit about polling . 
  it is a mathematical fact that a sample of roughly 1,000 provides a 3 % margin of error with 95 % confidence regardless of the total size of the population being sampled . 
  people far smarter than you or i figured that out long before we were born . 
  as i said , opinion polls live or die on how the samples are collected and weighted , not on the number polled . 
  roughly 1,000 respondents is a perfectly respectable sample size that provides a margin of error of roughly 3 % . 
  there are legitimate criticisms that can be made about the way that certain pollsters collect their samples and demographically weight their polls , but criticising the sample size instead indicates that you do n't understand polling at all . 
  none of the major parties gained seats because the overall seat count was reduced by 18 . 
  of those , sf lost 1 seat , pbp ( technically non-aligned , but kinda nationalist ) lost 1 , and the combined unionist parties lost 16 . 
  so both nationalist and non-aligned parties made significant proportional gains at unionism 's expense . 
  that 's the international edition of the bbc news page which is displayed to those of us with ip addresses outside the uk , and which focuses less on uk issues . 
  we ca n't see the uk edition , but if you go to the uk page on the website [ you can see the results are at the top of the page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/noohpvr.jpg ) . 
  there might be a facebook group somewhere . 
  i do n't even think the orange order lodges in the republic advocate for a return to the uk , but it 's hard to know because they keep themselves quiet . 
  the closest thing i 'm aware of is the reform group which advocates rejoining the commonwealth . 
  now , the people 's republic of cork would probably meet this map 's very low qualifications for secession movements and it 's missing . 
  i am : give us back donegal !, 
   the whole point of this guys statement is to stoke irish nationalism . 
  you do n't know much about enda kenny or his party , do you ? 
  he spent the first week of his administration arguing with the media about the size of the crowd at his inauguration . 
  he blatantly lied about the subject , forced his staff to blatantly lie about it too , and just generally made himself look petty and delusional . 
  then came the `` muslim ban '' which outraged a lot of people and caused chaos at airports . 
  the kicker being that the law was so poorly drafted that it was swiftly struck down as unconstitutional , so all it managed to do was damage public perception of the us globally without providing any of the claimed security benefits . 
  his national security advisor set a record when a scandal forced him to resign after just 24 days on the job . 
  the scandal also caused the spotlight to return to trump 's dodgy , possibly treasonous , connections to russia , putting the administration on the back foot yet again . 
  he capped off his first month in office with a bizarre , rambling , deceitful press conference that [ even fox news called him out on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyssdykhhlu ) . 
  there 's an unwritten rule in american politics that a new president has 100 days to push his agenda before congress starts to focus on the midterm elections . 
  trump just wasted his first 30 . 
  that 's a disaster for his administration . 
  oh , piss off with this nonsense . 
  the border was controlled for customs purposes between 1923 and 1993 ( and military checkpoints remained for a few years after that ) . 
  it was only via the eu and its institutions that those barriers on the border were eliminated . 
  now that the british government appears to have settled on the course of leaving the customs union , those barriers will have to come back . 
  that decision and its consequences rest entirely on the british government , stop trying to deflect from that . 
  quite a few brexiteers on here denied the eu 's role in improving relations when irish officials said so during the referendum , so it 's nice to see a british diplomat confirm it . 
  fucking northerners , think you 're so much better than us in the south . 
  we will rise again !, 
  not the uk as it technically did n't exist yet , but yes , english and scottish settlers were sent to colonise and `` civilise '' ireland [ in the 16th and 17th centuries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plantations_of_ireland ) . 
  the most successful of these plantations was in the northern province of ulster , where the protestant and british identities became the majority . 
  they tried . 
  good for you , but what happens in your job does n't change the fact that your suggested policy would seriously piss off farmers , and it would directly contradict your initial claim that nobody that voted for brexit will end up regretting the vote . 
  be pro-free trade all you want , but do n't be under the delusion that your plan does n't involve throwing your temporary allies under the big red brexit bus . 
  i 'm sure the farmers at the centre of this story would love that . 
  yup , they definitely wo n't regret voting for brexit once their produce is undercut by low-wage farmers in africa . 
  `` on this day '' posts happen relatively frequently on this subreddit , and this is an interesting historical event that many in europe might not have known about . 
  if anything , it highlights just how much british-irish relations have improved in the last few decades , from burning embassies to close friendship . 
  you 're right about the comments being a disaster zone though . 
   we are wealthy enough to have a bigger wealth fund than that though . 
  we did , back when we had the national pensions reserve fund . 
  the troika insisted that we use that money to bail out the banks or they would n't loan the state any money . 
  we 've now started a new one , but there has n't been much opportunity to put money into it as the exchequer is still running a deficit . 
  i made a relatively benign joke about trump on / r/television at the weekend , something to the effect that provoking trump a good thing as the more time he spends ranting on twitter the less time he spends governing . 
  within 5 minutes of posting , i had 5 outraged replies in my inbox calling me a deluded fool , un-american , and traitorous . 
  i do n't think i was brigaded as my comment was healthily upvoted , but i 've never received such a swift and overblown reaction on anything , anywhere . 
  it was bizarre , and more than a little concerning . 
  oh , and when i replied to the guy who called me traitorous by pointing out that i 'm not actually american , he replied with `` fuck your country . 
  america first ! '', 
  charming folk , these . 
  protestants , who are generally unionists/loyalists , do still outnumber catholics , who tend to be nationalists/republicans . 
  but there is a slow demographic shift occurring , [ as you can see in this graph ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:religion_by_age_in_northern_ireland_2011.png ) , where catholics will outnumber protestants within the next decade or so . 
  ** however ** , ever since the peace deal there has been a growing trend of catholics favouring remaining within the uk . 
  so even though around 40 % of the population are catholic and typically vote for nationalist parties , only around 15 % of the population actually want a united ireland right now . 
  honestly , as things currently stand , it makes more economic sense for northern ireland to remain in the uk . 
  that 's the big threat of brexit on northern ireland 's position in the uk . 
  if brexit causes significant damage to ni 's economy and a physical border divides the island once more , that 's likely to reignite the desire for a united ireland in the catholic community , and since they 'll be the majority soon a vote on unity may just squeak by . 
  it 's unlikely to happen , but so was brexit . 
  would the traditionally unionist protestant community ever vote for it ? 
  a small proportion would , but it would take a truly disastrous brexit to get a big swing there . 
  on the whole , the younger generation care less about national identity , and if a united ireland was in their economic interests then some of them could be persuaded to vote for it . 
  the older generations that lived through the troubles are more die-hard in their views and are unlikely to switch sides . 
  following the roe v wade supreme court case in the us , which legalised abortion over there , there was a fear among irish conservatives that a similar supreme court case here could overturn our legislative ban on abortion , so they lobbied to have the irish constitution amended to prevent that . 
  that resulted in the 8th amendment , which was passed via referendum in 1983 . 
  any attempt to liberalise the law on abortion would require the repeal of that amendment , which would require another referendum , which would be an absolute shit-show . 
  for complicated political reasons that i wont go into , successive governments have avoided holding that referendum for decades even though polls claim there 's widespread support for at least some moderation in the law , such as allowing abortion in cases of rape . 
  pressure has been growing in the last few year however , and the current government has organised a citizens assembly that will recommend some course of action within the next few months . 
  a referendum is expected within the lifetime of the current government , but how far-reaching the proposed change to the constitution will be has yet to be decided . 
  the political situation there right now is tumultuous . 
  brexit , the rhi scandal , and funding cuts are shaking the structures of government established in the good friday agreement and making them unstable . 
  if the upcoming election sees the return of the dup and sf as the largest parties in the assembly ( which is likely ) , they may not be able to come to an agreement on working together , and it 's possible that there will be years of negotiation on a new arrangement for ni . 
  that would create a power vacuum right at the time when ni 's interests need to be promoted most . 
  a return to a conflict on the scale of the troubles is very unlikely , but the road ahead looks like it could be fertile ground for dissident groups to grow . 
  ni 's political parties , the british and irish governments , and the eu will all need to be mindful of the risks while navigating our way through the mess we find ourselves in . 
  you have provided a perfect example for why many irish people , and the irish government , object to that name for the archipelago . 
  you ca n't just dump your waste on other countries . 
  there are treaties against this sort of thing . 
  trump vs an insincere , conniving , power-hungry democrat ? 
  he already won that election , unfortunately . 
   our history with ireland and northern ireland goes well beyond eu 's founding and its own histories .
