  our history did n't prevent the existence of customs checkpoints along the irish border prior to the finalisation of the customs union in 1993 . 
  those will be coming back now . 
  it was only via the eu that the border was able to become as open , free-flowing , and invisible as it currently is . 
  direct rule from westminster is the legal mechanism that kicks in if an executive can not be agreed by the assembly . 
  it has occurred on four occasions since the good friday agreement , including a five-year period between 2002-2007 . 
  it 's not an ideal situation , but it 's not a threat to the peace process . 
  they 're the biggest party , but they do n't hold a majority of seats in the assembly . 
  what they do have is enough seats to trigger a mechanism called the petition of concern , which effectively gives them a veto power over everything . 
  it 's possible that they 'll lose just enough seats in this election to lose that ability , which is a plus , but they 'll likely remain the largest party . 
   the remainder are elected by 5 panels representing unions , farmers , local councils , etc. 
  that may have been the original intention , but the electorate for the vocational panels is only open to sitting county/city councillors , incoming tds , and outgoing senators . 
  so while the seanad is supposed to be elected by representative institutions of the different vocations , in practice it is indirectly elected by elected politicians , just like many of the other upper houses on the list . 
  wow , i heard about the rise in the number of british people seeking irish citizenship , but i did n't realise that brexit had caused so many refugees to come here . 
  ( 6.4 million is the population of the island as a whole , the population of * the republic of ireland * is only 4,757,976 . ), 
   i met a traveller from an antique land ,  who said `` two crass and thoughtless post of drone  stand in / r/europe ...  and on the pedestal , these words appear :  my name is wasppoker , troll of trolls ;  look on my works , ye paddies , and be triggered !, 
   nothing beside remains . 
   because he kept deleting his comments . '', 
  if ireland gets hits by a bus , it will be because the uk steered it in our direction . 
  i may get a little peeved if the eu does n't swoop in to save us , but i 'm going to save the bulk of my anger for the bus driver . 
  do n't concern yourself with / u/wasppoker , he 's a troll that has been doing this anti-irish shtick for several years . 
  i doubt he cares about tarnishing britain 's reputation here , that 's all part of the fun for him . 
  either way , i 'm perplexed and intrigued . 
  it was not my intention to accuse you of anything , and it is unfortunate if my comment came across that way . 
  i was not saying that i resent you as you did not personally attempt to deny me my european identity , which is something that some other people have done in the past . 
  all i was attempting to do was present a counterpoint to your viewpoint , so that others reading could see that yours was not the only ( nor the most common , [ according to recent polling ] ( http://www.europarl.ie/resource/static/files/eurobarometer%20surveys/identity-and-citizenship_ie-march-2016.pdf ) ) viewpoint in ireland . 
   only if the eu puts up barriers . 
  if you want to know why so many of us do n't respect you and many of the other brexiteers , this is why . 
  you 've been advocating leaving the eu for years , but now that it is finally happening you refuse to own the consequences of your decision , instead choosing to continue to blame the eu . 
  i get that it is causing cognitive dissonance for you that something you have firmly supported for a long time is going to lead to consequences you do n't want . 
  sticking your head in the sand and pointing fingers elsewhere is n't a respectable response to that fact . 
  it 's infuriating , and it simply reinforces my biased opinion that you guys over there do n't know what the fuck you 're actually doing . 
  as a counterpoint , i personally feel strongly european and am resentful towards any suggestion that irish people `` are n't really european '' for whatever reason . 
  thankfully , i 've rarely ever encountered that viewpoint in real life , although i suppose i generally do n't ask other people for their views on the matter , so there 's probably quite a few europhobes around me that i 'm not aware of . 
  to me , i ca n't get my head around the idea why we would n't be considered european . 
  yeah , we 're culturally similar to british people , * but they 're european too * . 
  the nordic nations have a lot of similarities with one another that they do n't share with with the rest of europe , that does n't prevent them from being european . 
   i 'm guessing a lot of irish looking for a reunited ireland are sympathetic with many serbian desires to reclaim kosovo , which has a seemingly similar history of a different ethnic group and religion re-populating an area after conquest . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  the predominant media narrative in ireland during the conflict was the same as in many western countries ; that the population of kosovo were being mistreated by serbia and needed protection . 
  there was n't much examination of the serbian side of the conflict , as such there 's a general sense that the serbians were the `` baddies '' and the kosovans were the victims . 
  that 's not entirely true , of course , but that 's the story as most seem to understand it . 
  when the irish government recognised kosovo 's independence shortly after it was declared , i do n't remember there being any opposition to the move . 
   we gave independance to the parts that wanted independence didnt we ? 
  not quite . 
  following partition , around a third of the town and county councils in northern ireland declared their allegiance to the newly independent ireland and rejected the authority of the newly established northern irish parliament . 
  their reasoning was that northern ireland itself had been created on the principle of self-determination in limited areas , therefore their local areas should also be free to determine their own fate . 
  the bulk of these councils were in counties fermanagh , tyrone , south armagh , and the city of derry , which were catholic majority areas . 
  in response , the northern ireland government ordered the rebel councils suspended , arrested the councillors responsible , and gerrymandered the districts so that the councils would return unionist majorities in the future . 
  this disenfranchisement of the catholic minority lasted for almost 5 decades , and all the while the british government ignored the problem as it considered the situation an internal northern irish matter . 
  if ireland had actually been partitioned based on where there was majority support for independence , northern ireland would have been significantly smaller than it currently is . 
  the fact that so many areas with catholic and/or nationalist majorities were included in northern ireland has led to the claims that partition was a sort of land grab by the british authorities . 
  he must mean [ new ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_ireland_ ( island \\ ) ) , that 's in the southern hemisphere . 
  the law around marriage is a devolved issue for scotland and northern ireland . 
  the british parliament voted to introduce same-sex marriage in england and wales , and the scottish parliament voted to introduce it in scotland , and both laws coincidentally came into force during the same year . 
  northern ireland is more complicated . 
  the assembly there actually voted in favour of same-sex marriage by a slim majority last year , but there 's a legal mechanism connected to the peace process that effectively gives the dup ( the largest party in the assembly ) the ability to veto any law they do n't like . 
  since they 're a very christian-oriented party , they vetoed the bill , and indicated that they will continue to veto any further bills on the issue for at least another 5 years . 
  the dup would n't be happy if westminster overruled their position , and with such a slim majority theresa may wants to stay on the dup 's good side , especially for some of the contentious brexit votes that are coming up . 
  sinn f\u00e9in would n't like it either . 
  they support same-sex marriage , but they 'd completely oppose the precedent of the british government legislating on the behalf of the ni assembly . 
  damn swedes !, 
  when will their imperialism end ?!, 
  ^ ^ pay ^ ^ no ^ ^ attention ^ ^ to ^ ^ the ^ ^ man ^ ^ behind ^ ^ the ^ ^ error . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe ) . 
  and some asterisks : * the parliaments of gibraltar and guernsey passed legislation to introduce same-sex marriage , but they are awaiting royal assent . 
  the faroese parliament also passed a bill for same-sex marriage , but it requires the danish parliament to amend a law to allow for the exclusion of the state church , which it is believed will be a technicality . 
  as a result , there is no timetable for when same-sex marriage will be available in those three jurisdictions and i have n't included them in the map , but all three will probably happen in 2017 . 
  * the situation in estonia is complicated . 
  in 2014 the parliament passed a bill to introduce same-sex partnerships on the 1st of january 2016 , but changes in the government meant that much of the implementing legislation was n't passed in time , and still has n't been passed as far as i can gather . 
  so same-sex partnerships are technically legal , but mostly symbolic as they do n't currently grant most of the rights they are supposed to . 
  do n't you mean the former yugoslav republic of kosovo ? 
  they 're still counting votes for some reason so the numbers are n't final yet , but hillary currently has [ almost 3 million more votes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_2016 ) than trump . 
  but that 's only if you do n't discount the 3 million fraudulent votes for hillary that there 's no evidence are actually fraudulent . 
  unfortunately , the no campaign during that referendum spread a lot of misinformation about how the constitutional amendment would change legal rights surrounding adoption and surrogacy . 
  it 's possible that there was a chunk of voters who support the idea of equal marriage but were scared off of voting for that particular amendment . 
  combine that with the fact that turnout was only 60 % , and older generations are always more likely to vote than younger generations , and that could explain some of the difference . 
  it started when rubio was doing well in the polls , so trump started referring to him as `` little marco '' as a means to belittle him . 
  shortly afterwards , rubio 's campaign was damaged by a robotic debate performance and , in a failed attempt to replicate trump 's strategy of insulting his opposition , he decided to joke about trump 's small hands at his rallies , adding `` and you know what they say about a guy with small hands . '', 
  at the following debate , trump brought up rubio 's allusions as to his penis size and bragged that there was no problem there . 
  that whole scenario should never have happened . 
  trump should n't have insulted rubio 's stature , rubio should n't have insulted the size of various parts of trump 's anatomy , and trump should n't have brought the issue of his penis into a nationally televised debate . 
  at every stage along the way , the crowd should have booed both trump and rubio for their childish behaviour . 
  instead they cheered it on . 
   that 's due to their first-past-the-post elections . 
  it makes it so that there are only two viable candidates , and if there are only two candidates then they have to try to take each other out ... 
  multiple candidates means that to win by mud-slinging , you 'd have to take them all out , which is not doable that ignores the primary process where there was around half a dozen viable candidates on the republican side , but which trump won in part because he insulted his way through the process . 
  remember low energy jeb ! , little marco rubio , lyin ' ted cruz ? 
  hell , the guy bragged about his the size of his penis during a debate and was cheered for it . 
  that is the level of political discourse over there , and i do n't think you can pin all of that on the voting system . 
  he 's a shameless opportunist who hides his more malicious acts behind a buffoonish persona . 
  the us was very much against brexit , or at least the obama administration was , because they wanted their closest european ally to be at the heart of decision-making in the eu . 
  trump was in favour of brexit because , well , he had a good feeling about it . 
  he 's not one for strategising , it seems . 
   why is everyone doing this ? 
  the confusion lies in the fact that there is no one definition of what a republic is , and you appear to be using a more traditional but less common definition . 
  i , and seemingly everyone else that has challenged your definition , have always been taught that a republic is a country where the head of state is elected in some fashion , as opposed to a monarchy where the head of state ( note : not head of government ) is usually a hereditary position . 
  five of the countries surveyed have monarchs , ergo by our definition they are not republics , but they are all representative democracies . 
  you may not agree with that definition , but it is one that is widely held and it is strange to me that you have not encountered it before . 
  by the modern definition , only one of those countries is a republic . 
  now now , there 's no need to be insulting .
