  in practice , it 's a little iffy . 
  some of the referendums are on technical matters and , not being lawyers , most of us simply are n't qualified to judge the possible repercussions of change . 
  referendums are also expensive and time-consuming , so governments avoid them where possible , which slows down the pace of progress on some issues . 
  [ here 's one ] ( http://irishpoliticalmaps.blogspot.ie/2015/05/referendum-2015-marriage-equality.html ) . 
  yeah , get a move on , germany !, 
  ( it 's so nice to finally be able to say that . ), 
  perhaps there is some confusion here about the difference between common law and civil law systems ? 
  in ireland , laws do n't have to be written down to exist , court rulings essentially create new laws via precedent . 
  you 're right in that there 's no specific line in the constitution defining marriage as being between a man and a woman , but previous court ruling declared that that was the definition of marriage intended by the constitution 's framers back in 1937 . 
  like it or not , those rulings were law . 
  it 's done . 
  the leaders of the no campaign have conceded defeat . 
  even donegal looks to be voting yes , and they vote no to everything . 
  all that 's in doubt now is the margin . 
  each country will choose whether to introduce same-sex marriage when they 're ready . 
  20 years ago , ireland was nowhere near ready , whereas today i think we are . 
  i believe that same process of acceptance will spread to eastern europe too , and that same-sex marriage wont be something forced on you , it will be something your own peoples will request from their governments . 
  i fear that this referendum is n't going to lessen homophobia , but will reinforce it in the eyes of the gay community . 
  let 's be optimistic and imagine that 60 % of people vote yes today . 
  that means that gay people will know that 40 % of the people they meet do n't consider them true equals . 
  that 's a terrible thing to know . 
  up until now , homophobia has been an unquantifiable thing , but tomorrow we 'll be able to put a number on it , and it will be larger than we hoped when this referendum was announced two years ago . 
  if a country can avoid having a referendum and just legislate same-sex marriage instead , that is by far the better option . 
  this referendum in ireland has been awful , i have never been as aggravated by a political campaign as i have been by the no side on this issue . 
  i ca n't imagine how horrible it must be for gay people to be confronted day in , day out by the posters and leaflets and adverts insinuating that they are somehow inferior to straight people . 
  it probably has n't been easy for single-parents or their children either . 
  it has opened a lot of wounds , and if it results in a no vote then it will all have been for nothing . 
  this referendum has been a necessary evil , it is not a model others should seek to replicate . 
  it 's friday night , everyone will be off to the pub . 
  seriously , it 's probably because the count process for the voting system we use in most elections ( [ stv ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_transferable_vote ) ) is complex , so there 's no point in beginning the count at night when you know the process will take days and not hours to complete . 
  referendums obviously do n't use stv , but they follow the same procedures as other elections . 
  perhaps [ this ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2015/0522/702917-referendums/ ) will put your mind a bit more at ease :  approaching 1pm , there has been a turnout of 20 % in parts of dublin . 
   the situation is similar in areas in tipperary , waterford , galway , wexford , limerick , clare , laois and offaly , where turnout is in the mid to high teens . 
   some presiding officers say this ranks as one of the busiest mornings they have ever seen , with some saying a greater number of younger voters are casting their ballots than usual . 
   turnout in some rural areas is lower , with south kerry , north mayo , south donegal and north monaghan experiencing turnout between 5 and 10 % . 
  this is exactly what we want to see , high turnout with lots of young voters in urban areas , and low turnout in rural areas . 
  we have a long way to go yet , but the trends are positive for those seeking a yes result . 
  there were four polls at the weekend and when undecideds are removed they all indicated that support for yes is around 70 % . 
  nobody believes those polls , not even the polling companies . 
  a lot of people are too ashamed to admit that they 're voting no , so the result is likely to be much closer than the polls indicate . 
  it will come down to turnout . 
  if it 's low it will be because young voters have n't bothered showing up and there 's a chance that the referendum will be defeated . 
  if turnout is high then it 's likely that it will be carried . 
  ireland does have a higher proportion of [ non-nationals resident ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:share_of_non-nationals_in_the_resident_population,_1_january_2013_%28%25%29_yb14_ii.png ) in the country than the uk , but our population is 1/14th of the uk 's so of course most migrants will choose to go there . 
   well technically we are british ( ireland is part of the british isles , british people are from the british isles ) . 
  technically , nepal is on the indian subcontinent . 
  that does not make them indian . 
   such as how the nordic countries have their nordic council we have the [ british-irish council ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british%e2%80%93irish_council ) and a large number of bi-lateral treaties and agreements . 
  plus , we 're both members of the eu . 
  what more do we need ? 
   unfortunately that 's not gon na happen due to bad history and this idea of the english being our enemy set in stone . 
  preferring ireland 's status as an independent country is not about history for me , and it 's certainly not about being enemies with the brits . 
  i simply do n't consider myself british , so why would i want to be a part of their country ? 
  it would be like wanting ireland to be part of france , it just does n't make sense to me . 
  as you say , the british are our brothers . 
  but i do n't want to live in the same flat with my brothers . 
  umm ... have you never paid attention to irish elections ? 
  because we use the single transferable vote , a vastly different voting system to the uk . 
  irish elections are [ a complex web ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myo2bg2xvia ) of multi-seat constituencies , preferential voting , transfers , quotas , and multiple counts , all of which result in a fair outcome that 's roughly proportional . 
  he also accidentally helped the irish independence movement . 
  while secretary of war in 1919 , he was the brainchild for the [ black and tans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_and_tans ) , a paramilitary force intended to fight the ira and reimpose order in ireland . 
  but the black and tans became notorious for their poor discipline , random killings , and reprisal attacks against civilians , all of which which drove moderate irish nationalists to support the ira . 
  generals warned churchill that the force were counter-productive , but he dismissed their concerns and continued to believe that a hard line would break the back of the ira . 
  instead , the continuing news of atrocities being committed in ireland by british forces horrified many in the establishment and pressure was put on the government to negotiate with the rebels . 
  well , there was one guy back in 1939 ... 
  oh , there 'd be plenty of people who would be offended by it , like [ that weirdo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/33kxgr/90_seconds_of_gold_on_pat_kenny_just_now/ ) running in the carlow-kilkenny by-election whose main aim is to drive the `` sassanach '' out of ireland . 
  he 'd probably have an aneurysm . 
  they 're the ones that rain men . 
  i did one of those questionnaire things and it said the party i 'm closest to is plaid cymru , so ... free wales !, 
  you 're misunderstanding his point . 
  adoption by gay couples is already the law in ireland , the referendum result will have no impact on that . 
  the no campaign are being disingenuous about what 's at stake in the referendum because it 's the only hope they have of winning . 
   also , how would these posters really change anything if adoption is already legal ? 
  seems like they 're busy fighting yesterday 's battles . 
  the law has passed , but it has not come into force yet , so the no side are taking advantage of that confusion and trying to conflate adoption and marriage rights . 
  it was really bad timing on the government 's part . 
  they had intended to get the adoption issue out of the way last year so it would n't be raised in this referendum , but the bill took longer than planned . 
   on a side note , what about this is `` unchristian '' ? 
  the fact that they 're willing to distort the truth about what 's at stake in this referendum is an ends justifying the means attitude that does n't seem to sit well with what christ actually taught . 
  yes , it makes sense that christians will oppose same-sex marriage , but they should n't be lying about it . 
   there are both secular and religious definitions and i am not sure about the distinctions between the two in ireland the two are completely separate , and this referendum is only about civil marriage . 
  the various churches in ireland wont be forced to marry gay couples , but any that wish to will be free to do so . 
  the children and family relationships bill , which deals with surrogacy and adoption by gay couples , already passed through parliament last month . 
  it 's going to be law regardless of the outcome of the referendum . 
  there 's only one issue at stake in this referendum ; should gay couples be allowed to enter a union called marriage ? 
  polls show that the no side ca n't win that argument , so they 're throwing these other issues into the fray in order to gain some traction . 
  it 's disingenuous at best , lying at worst , and thoroughly unchristian . 
  i knew we should n't have put germany in charge of the naming committee . 
  the same is true in ireland . 
  catholic identification is a cultural remnant that many people hold on to even though they do n't practice or even believe in catholic ideology . 
  religion and ethnicity got twisted up during british rule , with catholics being mostly descended from the gaelic irish and protestants mostly from british settlers , so religion became the most obvious identifier of lineage . 
  even though we 've mostly moved past those kinds of divisions now in the republic , many still feel the need to identify with their ancestors ' faction . 
  the isle of man . 
  gibraltar joins the united kingdom . 
  make gibraltar the new capital . 
  make great britain and northern ireland an autonomous country of the united kingdom . 
  allow gb&ni to leave the eu whilst the united kingdom of gibraltar remains a member . 
  simple . 
  you had some crappy history books then . 
  home rule was in the works for several years before the outbreak of wwi .
