why is this sad ? 
  polar bears are marine animals . 
  marine animals swim . 
  dammit , i just noticed that haha, 
  mance rayder has an army of 100,000 . 
  and there 's worse than mance out there ... 
  watch out , you might cut yourself on that edge, 
  sorry mate . 
  i 'm massachusettsite living in nebraska, 
  plus huge tracts of land that america now owns were once spanish/mexican or french . 
  since when is cali an economic powerhouse ? 
  the powerhouse state in terms of economy is texas, 
  we do not sow !, 
  orban the builder is making a 700 foot wall to keep out the wildlings . 
  the cold winds are rising . 
  and the dead rise with them . 
  there 's worse than wildlings out there ... 
  best joke here, 
  i dunno man , i 've seen terrible things happen to france in the 1400s if burgundy , england , and aragon do a triple penetration of baguette, 
  yet here we are reacting to their reactions of our reactions, 
  i think you mean homofascist western nazi ukraine , comrade, 
  the king in the north the king in the north, 
  maybe the point is for `` the nato '' to be so much stronger that attacking any member would be tantamount to suicide . 
  nato is n't here to win a war , it 's here to prevent the war from starting in the first place . 
  thanks for the advice , man . 
  that has really inspired me to become a karma whore . 
  attacking switzerland is like attacking your piggy bank . 
  except the piggy bank has guns and will kill you . 
  but what if all my friends leave me because i have no invisible internet points :(, 
  poor switzerland in that case, 
  i thought r/europe would be fine with sarcastic humor . 
  :( i guess this shows i should never make assumptions like that ... 
  i 'll need to buy more of dr. osterreichs butthurt ointment then . 
  go back to making lithuania spheres :(, 
  it 's called a joke mate . 
  do n't get your knickers in a twist, 
  guess what yurop ? 
  murica big and stronk . 
  ` rome ' by extension means the roman catholic church which by extension means western christianity i.e. 
  the west . 
  it 's a stretch for logical people , but isis ai n't logical, 
  no , the papacy is a unique government form , granting +1 tolerance of the true faith , -0.10 local autonomy per month , and +1 yearly prestige . 
  poland we lub you < 3, 
  not joking , just badly worded . 
  two things . 
  first , i love how rt goes to justify the anti gay laws by saying they 're not actually anti gay . 
  second , i doubt ` gay propaganda '' is more effective at preventing invasion than the military . 
  fuck you putin . 
  you might think your cute little tanks and green men are cool , but we 've got two things you do n't 1 . 
  freedom 2 . 
  friends ( romania we lub yuo , stay frend plox ), 
  in all honesty , we do . 
  we have enormous power projection but an alliance with france is a centerpiece of american and nato security in europe . 
  yes , france needs the us more than vice versa , but do n't count france as unimportant . 
  it 's pretty funny whenever france is brought up on r/murica . 
  there 's always one guy who makes a surrender joke about france and then gets a huge amount of downvotes and the replies talk about how france is our freedom loving ally and call the guy bashing on france a `` damn commie '', 
  i do n't think the importance of the eu is dismissed so much as the importance of regional allies being reinforced . 
  obviously the eu is an important partner , but regional allies take precedence when dealing with china . 
  in other spheres the eu is more important . 
  it 's actually very relevant . 
  especially in regards to natural resources , which china needs to import . 
  strong ties with nearby countries ensures that china ca n't get oil , gas , ore , etc from them . 
  since europe tends to import these anyway se asia and the middle east are much more relevant to the us in terms of competing with china . 
  however they benefit from having a more unified european economy . 
  they probably would n't be as good without the eu, 
  i 'd agree with / u/rodismycopilot on this one . 
  in terms of china we really care about ties with japan and the phillipines . 
  i had a marvelous idea !, 
  we can change to the metric system and change sport names . 
  but britain must cover all costs because it 's their damn fault in the first place . 
  everyone 's happy except the uk, 
  this is not so much about america as it is about the opinions americans in terms of europe, 
  i ca n't speak for charlotte , but most cities have some form of mass transit . 
  although having a car is usually very useful in the cities it 's not an absolute necessity . 
  only on mondays, 
  one day , uncle sam decided to be confusing as fuck and named his sports differently from the rest of the world, 
  yes , but most of my ancestors are clearly from one country so i have a solid connection to latch on to 2 . 
  it depends on the individual . 
  i ca n't say that i 've seen a solid majority either way 3 . 
  personally , no . 
  the us and russia share some similarities but are fundamentally different 4 . 
  i ca n't tell . 
  probably nothing major will upset the status quo , but one can never tell, 
  some of my acquaintances are greek . 
  their father is from greece and they speak fluent greek , they 're pretty cool guys . 
  we have our own protests , but it differs by region . 
  where i 'm from , 10 people with cardboard signs amounts to a demonstration with multiple participants but that 's not the whole country , just look at baltimore, 
  thanks , as do you . 
  the more people that answer the more comprehensive the information, 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not sole authority for american opinions , a variety of answers is a good thing, 
  your posting history makes ukip look like moderates . 
  i will not go away due to your incessant complaining and xenophobia . 
  i do not presume to provide ` honor ' , only what i hope is informative tidbits . 
  in addition , perhaps it would do you good to peruse a dictionary and learn the meaning of the world ` literally ' . 
  the easiest places would probably be areas where large amounts of people from outside of the us come to study and/or work , e.g. 
  california or texas , or areas with large immigrant populations such as boston or new york . 
  i think it 's pretty funny , i 'm more than 7/8 irish , and come from an irish enclave in boston , but it does irk me when people ( especially on st. patrick 's day ) flaunt their pittance of irish blood . 
  pardon me sir , i was under the impression that this was public domain . 
  please , cite for me any regulations or rules precluding my freedom of speech on this subreddit .
