  for one to use such an imperative must mean that he has the authority of law behind him , yes ? 
  it really depends on the person . 
  some immigrant groups retain strong identities , in terms of europe i 'd say mainly irish , polish , czech , and italian . 
  a lot of it is mainly the fact that immigrants felt forced to leave due to foreign occupation of their homelands or wretched conditions and still felt an attachment to the ` old country ' . 
  i stand out as irish to my peers because i am nearly full blooded irish and my family maintains many irish traditions passed down from our ancestors actually from the island . 
  the issue comes when you have ` mutts ' ( could n't think of a better term ) . 
  sometimes people want to be ` special ' and latch on to some distant cultural heritage . 
  this is where the `` i 'm one 1/12th irish ! '', 
  claims come in . 
  americans laugh at that as much as europeans do , in general we do n't care what someone 's ancestors were and making such a big deal of it , especially if it 's only a wee bit of their genetic makeup . 
  tl ; dr - some people with self esteem issues do this , but we laugh at them as much as you, 
  you would be right . 
  7 out of my 8 great-grandparents came from ireland , and the one who did n't was half irish . 
  so one might say i have a bit of irish blood in me . 
  i have been to ireland , visited the south , went to the cliffs of moher , ring of kerry , and went to kilkenny , where my family was from . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i do n't think i would unless i needed to as an asylum seeker ( unlikely ) or if i got a really well paying job ( also unlikely ) . 
  if i had to pick one country , i 'd go with ireland because i absolutely the country when i visited , the people were friendly and the landscape beautiful , as well as there being little language and culture barrier . 
  without searching , here 's off the top of my head : brandenburg gate coliseum pantheon parthenon blarney stone pompeii delphi hofburg palace ( i know i misspelled that , but the thing in vienna ) aaaand that 's all i can think of . 
  i am a bit of a history and geography buff so i might know a bit more than average , but rome is well known , as is athens and berlin to a lesser extent . 
  in terms of the eu and nato countries , views are pretty positive . 
  when the russians and estonians had that little incident a few months ago , a lot of people said something along the lines of `` i barely know anything about estonia and probably could n't locate it on a map , but their our allies and friends , dammit !, 
  obviously things tend to be less amicable towards russia and her sphere of influence . 
  outside of the political range , europe is seen as a cultural center and a haven for the arts . 
  unfortunately , this leads to a bit of an epidemic of people visiting europe for a week and returning thinking they are ` cultured ' . 
  in general , views are positive , but for differing reasons . 
  since many americans have european heritage , they usually want to visit their ancestral homeland . 
  other than that , common language and culture bring americans to the uk and ireland , and famous cities like vienna and paris and quite popular in the us . 
  these i ca n't answer in confidence for a majority , but i can share some of what i 've heard . 
  not really , most americans are n't all that concerned with europeans in general . 
  i had to ask a few people about this one and the best and most widely held responses were : smoking less , and ( this is a direct quote ) `` actually being able to defend their continent '' 2 . 
  changing to the metric system . 
  that , while not being solely european , is something a lot of us view as a necessity . 
  also perhaps having less importance placed on religion . 
  this one was difficult and i ca n't speak for most americans here . 
  when i lived in d.c. 
  i had some neighbors from lithuania . 
  did n't talk to them much but they seemed nice enough people . 
  i obviously do n't speak for all americans , but i am merely sharing what i have heard from others . 
  obviously there are different opinions and i ca n't share them all , but i can try to shed light on what most people i 've talked to think . 
  i 'm really not surprised at all . 
  there 's a plethora of examples of people twisting history to support their argument or cause , i hear it all the time from people trying to support their ridiculous sociopolitical arguments . 
  most americans tend to think that europe is less interconnected than it really is . 
  europe is viewed as a continent with a bunch of different nations in it , and the eu is is not widely thought about . 
  however , many do view europe as being rather solidified culturally if not politically . 
  quite a few people resent the fact that the us has so many military bases and soldiers in europe and think that europe is arrogant but dependent on the us for protection . 
  probably the rich history and culture . 
  obviously , the us ( and the new world in general ) does not have such a lengthy history as europe , and all the cultural centers and landmarks which that entails . 
  ask any american what they think the most cultured city in the world is , and most would say ` paris ' , with a few saying ` vienna ' , ` rome ' , or ` berlin ' . 
  most people do n't draw connections between the middle east and ukraine . 
  people might make comparisons , as in the us not upholding promises and having a weak foreign policy , but i have n't heard anyone thinking it is a direct consequence . 
  i have heard a few saying that russia is capitalizing on the fact that the us is relatively reluctant to get involved in foreign crises and putin thinks he can get away with taking ukrainian clay , but that is more of making parallels rather than seeing it as cause and effect . 
  tl ; dr : no , but they might relate the two, 
  no , we 're not . 
  we protect them and work with them becuase they are our friends , and it is the right thing to do . 
  no one made us defend europe , but we chose to . 
  a damn good choice too . 
  slovakia is always forgotten :(, 
  in unity springing from collective hatred , i will petition r/murica and r/the _ donald to join this noble fight, 
  got to love that click bait title . 
  he obviously is saying he would n't given present circumstances but he will never remove any cards from the table . 
  no , he has called the falklands war ` xenophobic ' and an attempt to gain votes for the tories . 
  it 's not 1982 now . 
  i was referring to 1982 , however . 
  it 's hard to have a peaceable dialogue when a foreign nation has invaded your country . 
  dialogue is not unilateral . 
  the people of the falklands unequivocally consider themselves british . 
  the british government has an obligation to defend its subjects , which thatcher fulfilled . 
  corbyn is content to consign them to the mercy of a foreign power . 
  i can only pray that this situation does not escalate . 
  i have no desire to see my nation nor her allies become embroiled in another destructive conflict in the middle east, 
  definitely against . 
  russia is heavily invested in supporting the assad regime , remember . 
  since when is one swedish soldier worth 5 american soldiers ? 
  the english term is `` confirmation bias . '', 
  you have a preexisting bias and it is ` confirmed ' by the way you interpret certain facts , but your interpretation is due to your bias . 
  i know it will never exist . 
  i was speaking hypothetically . 
  but damn , a man can dream ... 
  amen to that . 
  closed primaries are the only thing stopping me from switching my party registration from republican to libertarian, 
  forgive me . 
  extremely loosely limited immigration, 
  the more i delve into politics , the more cynical i become . 
  people are more concerned about getting their party in power and making the other party/parties look bad than they are about actually fixing problems . 
  if everyone , regardless of political affiliation , just worked to improve their country instead of being concerned with partisan bickering and political implications , the world could be so much better, 
  even though i do n't have personal experience because i 'm an american libertarian , i have to say i feel quite sorry for the left wing europeans who have no party to represent them because they oppose unlimited immigration . 
  right . 
  next thing you 're going to tell me is that belgium exists, 
  what joke ? 
  do n't know that portugal is an integral part of spain ? 
  smfh just like when people say canada is n't a state, 
  do n't be redundant , he already said spain, 
  til norway is right next to eritrea, 
  speak for yourself , i shag plenty of goats every day, 
  i do n't see how race factors into this . 
  britain is a european nation , of course their pm will be white . 
  i 'm not trying to equate merkel to hitler in any way , and my comment was used as a refutation not as a stand alone statement . 
  i do n't believe that merkel realistically has the capacity to do anything remotely like hitler , what i 'm saying is that politicians ca n't be given carte blanche just because they were elected , and they 're not . 
  my point is that if all elected leaders ignore the people and act solely in what they think is best without restraint it can lead to dictatorships like nazi germany,
