  i ca n't speak for europe but in america nobody that i know views slavs as being ` nonwhite ', 
  that 's exactly what adolf hitler did . 
  he was an elected chancellor who did what he thought best . 
  this proves they are correct . 
  syria has a plurality of migrants but not a majority . 
  you should perhaps not resort to name calling , especially against people with factually correct information . 
  plus the us did n't put immigrants on welfare . 
  if you wanted to come here , you had to be willing to work or you were out of luck . 
  sorry to be pedantic , but the cherokee still exist . 
  nato does n't support isis ... 
  there 's a difference . 
  despite the fact that i disagree strongly with what 's happening on university campuses , they are n't taking legal action against ` offensive ' statements . 
  they may be taking extralegal disciplinary action but this is not bound by the constitution . 
  i do n't want to get sucked into a debate in a sub where everyone obviously disagrees with my opinion . 
  however , i stand by my original statement, 
  i 'll post what i think whether or not it benefits my magical internet points . 
  though to be honest i am disappointed that people on this sub tend to be pretty ignorant about guns and america in general . 
  seeing this shit go down in europe has been the first time i 've genuinely appreciated the second amendment here in america, 
  i knew this was jpaolo before i even read the username, 
  158 ... oh god, 
  i was smiling until i reached your edit . 
  then i burst out laughing . 
  well done . 
  mexico lost texas after texas won their independence . 
  not after war with the us, 
  because they rabidly opposed communism , which is far-left . 
  even though it does n't make sense , people made the connection that fascism is the opposite of communism and therefore far-right . 
  haram !, 
  remove !, 
  i 've lived all over the u.s. on the east coast and in the midwest and the only times i 've seen civilians with guns have been hunting and at shooting ranges . 
  we do n't run around brandishing our .45 s everywhere we go . 
  the f-35 gets a lot of flak it does n't deserve . 
  it 's really a superb plane , better than just about any other combat aircraft in existence . 
  `` in sweden it is forbidden by law to be a criminal '', 
  time to seize the memes of production . 
  no steppe on pepe . 
  i believe japans imperial dynasty has lasted for a thousand years . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
  yeah , they 're considered to be no longer in the labor force . 
  it 's how politicians can make themselves look good , saying they lowered unemployment but they really just forced unemployed people out of the job market . 
  actually this is n't necessarily the case . 
  it 's possible to have a large portion of the populace not be involved in the workforce at all but still have a low unemployment rate because almost everyone in the workforce has a job . 
  true , and especially considering the fact that greece has a surprisingly good military and favorable terrain , i doubt the turks would be able to make much headway at all . 
  we would n't have to run nato if european nations pulled their weight . 
  the only nato countries aside from the us that are actually doing their part are the poles , estonians , and greeks . 
  yeah , thats exactly what i meant, 
  as a staunch right winger , i find this kind of attitude despicable . 
  there must always be opposition to keep the establishment in check . 
  can confirm , 100 % accurate, 
  we have lots of corn in nebraska . 
  and soybeans . 
  but mostly corn . 
  as a nebraskan i 'm happy to see that we 're paired with the czechs . 
  y' all are great . 
  of course a hillary fanboy would be slobbering over the thought of a new world war . 
  the events a bitch if you 're austria though, 
  whenever i want masses of downvotes , i just talk to r/europe about the second amendment to the us constitution . 
  ck2 actually ends in 1453 . 
  the latin name is aquisgranum . 
  i think that this is absolute necessity for any sort of socialized healthcare system . 
  people with preventable conditions need to have incentives to prevent them . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  here in america , at least where i live , the pressure was for marijuana instead of tobacco , but the reasons are the same . 
  wow no shit ? 
  i was asking what particularly about hungary produces such skilled athletes . 
   hungry even my autocorrect is an idiot . 
  it must be learning from me, 
  as is tradition, 
  this reminds me of the man in saudi arabia who was arrested for flying a rainbow flag and he did n't know what it meant , he just liked the colors . 
  the point is that the phrasing makes it seem as if the us is performing terrorism , not seeking to combat it . 
  the usa looks like a manatee to me, 
  as a nebraskan i 'd be insulted if this was n't so true, 
  both sides want this to play into their narrative . 
  it 's sick , but it 's only natural . 
  no , they hate jews and catholics as well . 
  their hatred is quite far reaching . 
  i believe iceland still does . 
  if he 's iranian he 's probably shiite , and thus if radicalized would hate sunnis, 
  i hate hillary with a burning passion , but this is not the place for this . 
  this is a sub for discussion on europe , not us politics, 
  i want to get off mr erdogans wild ride, 
  the idea of taking the oil fields was good , what was idiotic was how he did n't let the 6th army pull out of stalingrad so they were all killed or captured, 
  except i do n't think hitler was above throwing away hundreds of thousands of young men for an insignificant objective . 
  switzerland is akin to a porcupine . 
  it wo n't fuck with you , but sure as hell better not fuck with it . 
  can confirm , 5 of my great grandparents came over from ireland from 1890-1910 . 
  two of my great-great grandparents two . 
  none directly due to famine , but definitely indirectly caused by it . 
  i associate england with red because of eu4, 
  that 's like asking why bears are n't considered felines . 
  because they 're not . 
  just because a reptile has been around for a while does n't make it a dinosaur . 
  brittany in france is lesser britain . 
  ireland is ireland, 
  i 've heard that ireland is the only country in the world to have a lower population today than it had in the early 19th century . 
  it 's quite sad , really . 
  leave won by 4 % . 
  yes , people do n't generally imagine themselves in a sexual relationship with jesus, 
  nuance is virtually impossible to understand over text , we 've been on completely different pages this entire time , i think, 
  you 're missing the point here , it was a joke about how the soviets `` cared '' about the invasion of poland because it gave them an opportunity to steal half the country .
