  many people said since then that had it put up a better fight , hungary might have saved at least some territory , looking at the example of turkey . 
  i do n't know . 
  turkey had a charismatic national leader and a strong army , hungary had neither then , but was surrounded from all sides with hostile new states enjoying entente support that would n't have minded to grab even more territory from us , or the liquidation of hungary altogether . 
  well the czech army then was mostly a joke , it was routed by the hungarian red army and was knocked out by armed civilians from balassagyarmat for example . 
  but the royal romanian army was a relatively serious force , definitely more powerul than us then . 
  and there were not just romanian troops , but french too . 
  my grandma lived in szeged as a small kid then , and remembered the arab and black soldiers . 
  the royal romanian army had french arms and logistics support and had it met stronger resistance the french would certainly get involved directly . 
  that does n't happen every day in hungary either . 
  football hooligans chanting such things , or assaulting somebody , that is another matter . 
  of source that should not happen either . 
  i just find these kind of articles so lame , always illustrated by orb\u00e1n 's photo - who else 's , sure , he is to blame for the incident described in the article too . 
  not that his government does n't deserve some harsh critisism , but this kind of bashing is getting corny . 
  it must be said that slovaks based a lot of their national identity on anti-hungarian sentiment ( and for a less extent anti-czech sentiment but there is no significant czech minority in slovakia , nor perceived territorial issues - just they kinda have an inferiority complex about the czech ) . 
  it can just be hoped that it will somewhat ebb away with time . 
  i 'd say hungary is hated in romania , serbia and slovakia mainly , much less or not at all in the other four neighboring countries ( austria , croatia , slovenia , ukraine ) . 
  tbh germany did n't lose two thirds of its pre-war territory either , nor did one third of ethnic germans find themselves outside german borders . 
  also that on which side hungary finished the second world war did n't really count , it was obvious beyond doubt that either way the treaties and territory changes arbitered by fascist italy and nazi germany will be voided & reversed ( btw the vienna awards were maybe the most fair possible solution then , but that was irrelevant of course , as it is now ) . 
  had hungary successfully switched sides in the last minute like romania and slovakia did , that would n't change that a bit . 
  hungary got screwed at the end of wwi basically ( the old kingdom of hungary which had barely 50 % hungarian population ( and that was including assimilant jews ) was doomed either way of course ) , the only chance to reverse that would have been an axis victory maybe . 
  yeah , we killed those 6 million jews singlehandedly . 
  and the jews are fearing for their life in budapest now . 
  that 's why el al flies jumbo jets here crock full of tourists . 
  also , i admire the fearless members of the wjc , they must be real tough jews . 
  it takes balls of steel to come to this nest of violent antisemitism . 
  what a load of crap . 
  seriously i did n't expect much from vice ( known for sensationalist shit ) but this is maybe their all time low . 
  or i just do n't know enough about the other countries they covered . 
  maybe they are always this low ... edit : typo, 
  hungary has one of the most populous jewish communities in europe currently , and maybe the largest in proportion to the country 's population . 
  of course it 's much smaller now than before the holocaust , every one in ten people in all hungary was a jew before that ( in the capital it was much higher , about 20-30 percent afaik , and above 50 % in some districts , also the majority of doctors , lawyers etc. 
  were jewish ) . 
  there is no real statistics about that though , it 's a sensitive topic , jewish is not registered as a nationality , and most people of jewish origin are not religious now . 
  the religious observing jews , that is indeed a few thousand or maybe in the ten thousands at most . 
  but i 'd say what you said may be true in romania , where not many jews remained , those who did mostly emigrated under the communist times . 
  that 's not the case in hungary . 
  regarding the rmdsz politicians it 's funny but far-right hungarians consider them traitors or opportunist at best , who are too yielding and complacent toward the romanians and who are in bed with the romanian elite in corruption and power grabbing . 
  no statues of horthy are erected and no streets are named after him . 
  except maybe one or two obscure village municipalities one of which erected a wooden statue of him ( on private property afaik ) that was defaced with red paint and the perpetrator was acquitted in court . 
  you could n't quote orban praising the guy in public either . 
  the problem is that all of hungary 's neighbors were awarded territories after wwi that were historically hungarian , with significant hungarian population , even territories that were majority hungarian or almost exclusively hungarian then ( much of this hungarian population dwindled since then due to emigration , forced population transfers after wwii , and voluntary or forced assimilation - or `` re-slovakization '' in slovakia 's case ) . 
  and under french tutelage they formed the `` little entente '' against a possible hungarian revanche . 
  in the light of this it was somewhat natural that hungary allied first with fascist italy then nazi germany in hopes of a revision of its borders . 
  as the balance of power shifted , hungary was given back some territories first from slovakia ( after the first dissolution of czechoslovakia , after munich ) , then romania ( which was also a german ally , and germany arbitrated the relocation of the border ) , that were mostly majority hungarian or at least had significant hungarian population at that time . 
  at the end of wwii the borders drawn at versailles ( trianon ) after wwi were restored in the paris peace treaties . 
  well i know that the slovak narrative of history is somewhat along the lines of `` 1000 year hungarian repression of the slovak people '' and currently the most hostile neighboring nation of hungary is the slovaks , and vice versa ( well except maybe the serbs but thats a different matter , hungarians are n't the first and foremost on their list of `` enemies '' for now ) . 
  `` the hungarian community and especially its politicians are seen as pushy , demanding , aggressive and , for lack of a better word , annoying '' funny thing is ... 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with your analysis ( as a hungarian living in hungary myself ) , but it 's exactly the way like many see the jews , the community and those representing it like the world jewish congress , the various `` anti-anti-semitism fighters '' etc. 
  ( in hungary and i guess not only in hungary ) . 
  `` they only care about their own grievances and grudges , and the holocaust , and they always want to guilt trip us and benefit from that . '', 
  how came they are n't capable of that ? 
  they have more than 100 gripen fighters after all ... their air force are at work only from 9 to 5 or what ? 
  just i do n't really know of them , i know a few gay guys ( how i know ? 
  they did n't make it a secret , `` coming out '' is not fashionable here , but many younger gays just do n't bother to hide it from everybody ( of course they wo n't act flamboyant in public either ) but they are all highly promiscuos . 
   1 couple lives in the apartment building next to me but they included a third , much younger guy recently who now apparently lives with them . 
  at least he did for a while . 
  `` the child is obviously better off in an orphanage '' no . 
  but it 's a false dichotomy unless only a gay couple wants to adopt the child and nobody else . 
  adoptions are usually not allowed for single people either . 
  `` than in a family with gay parents '' you mean two gay men or two lesbians ? 
  not the same thing , gay ( male ) relationships are seldom monogamous and lasting . 
  i would n't have a problem with foster kids given to lesbian couples , i do n't think it 's worse than growing up with a single mother . 
  maybe some gay male couples are suited to that too . 
  the problem is that if they are allowed that , they will immediately demand `` equal rights '' too , i.e. 
  no `` discrimination '' against them when it 's decided who can adopt a child . 
  i believe it 's better to grow up with a father model and a mother model , of course it 's now deprecated thinking , mom and dad will soon be forbidden words and to be replaced with the more generic `` parent '' . 
  now , i 'd rather see that stupid genderist-feminist-queerist theology ( tl ; dr `` gender is a social construct '' ) and neo-marxist ( `` frankfurt school '' ) bullshit of the 1968 generation ( taught on every college/uni social studies course in the us and western europe now ) kept confined to the us and western europe until the feministized and pussified western white man dies out ( in 1-2 generations ) . 
  much of these were true for hungary under j\u00e1nos k\u00e1d\u00e1r , yugoslavia was considered an `` almost western '' country even in hungary tho . 
  ( hungary was the part of the soviet bloc which meant that some things were taboo like openly criticising the ussr or even other `` allies '' . 
  but travel and western culture were quite unrestricted in contrast with most other warsaw pact countries ( except maybe poland ) ) . 
  well i do n't really understand germans being up in arms against the euro . 
  do you realize that germany was the big winner of the euro project - while southern europe was the big loser ? 
  ( all the bailouts nonwithstanding ) germany is able to be an economic powerhouse and big exporter because of the cheap euro . 
  returning to dm would change that a bit . 
  on the other hand other less productive eurozone members are now unable to devalue their currency , because they are n't having one of their own . 
  well actually it 's somewhat possible that the eu will cancel the payment of subsidies as a `` final warning '' which would hurt bad , but it can have an opposite effect , making people rally behind the government against the eu . 
  especially because the government forced german-owned utilitiy companies to lower fees for electricity and gas to private customers , and this is presented as the real reason behind these attacks and the possible eu actions . 
  which is quite believable , actually . 
  i think it 's more specific , it 's not generally against foreigners but many hungarians tend to dislike romanians and look down on them a bit , not only because past historical grudges , but as a historically poorer neighbor , a little like many western europeans treat all eastern europeans in general ( or used to ) . 
  think how germans used to see turks or brits poles . 
  it includes romanian-born hungarians too , many people here dislike them strongly because they tended to immigrate here in relatively large numbers , and it prompted the `` they took our jerbs '' working class enmity . 
  i would n't say that nationalism has disappeared in romania when there are enough strogly anti-hungarian statements heard from romania still , and for example romanian sports fans are at least as hostile to hungarian teams as ever before . 
  and for example a romanian newspaper asked romanian world champion athletes to pose for photographs treading on the jersey of a hungarian female handball player , which they did . 
  this is a little primitive outburst of nationalism that would be impossible in hungary ( i.e. 
  a newspaper making a photo op like this with romanian athletes 's jerseys trampled as a show of contempt ) . 
  of course it 's only a minor event and do n't want to overblow it but as an example it 's contrary to the claim that extreme nationalist feelings waned . 
  they did n't and yes unfortunately there are plenty of haters in hungary too . 
  what ? 
  it 's north korea that is making threats that would be taken a little more seriously form any other country . 
  but this is north korea so it 's just usual business . 
  they make statements that they will start a holy war , nuke the us and sk etc. 
  all these would be taken a litte differently if it were iran making similar statements regarding israel and the us . 
  people find nk exotic hence the upvotes to nk related stuff . 
  the media sensationalises nk 's threats because their wording is unusual in international relations to put it mildly . 
  but there is no sign that the us wants to attack nk . 
  it could have attacked it much earlier if wanted , instead of waiting until they managed to make nukes ... 
  cars made for export had better quality , they were made on a separate production line with much stricter quality control , had higher `` trim levels '' etc. , still these cars only sold in the west because they were cheaper than any other new cars then . 
  but when korean cars appeared on the western european market , lada sales faltered . 
  true though that these cars were relatively simple mechanically and easy to repair for technically inclined owners ( in the soviet union and communist countries there were few car repair workshops and owners were generally supposed to do most servicing on their own ( at least in practice it was so ) . 
  it was the same during the previous right-wing governments ( 1990-94 ; 1998-2002 ) .
