  you mean wwi ? 
  well you started as a german ally , then switched sides - romanians were always good at switching sides in the right moment mostly , also in wwii similarly to italy  - then you were defeated by the ~ ~ axis ~ ~ central powers - mostly by mackensen 's army , were forced to sign peace with them . 
  then when things were turning bad for the central powers again you attacked them second time , now with more success as it was crumbling . 
  saying such things about france after that seems a little ungrateful . 
  after all , the romanian army was set on its feet with french aid and arms shipments for example , not disinterestedly of course . 
  putting that aside the borders were roughly decided about already , romania wanted even more ( of course our other neighbors did too , czechs wanted a `` corridor '' to yugoslavia etc. 
  ) , but it did n't get , but was n't already more than doubling romania 's territory ( with transylvania and banat etc. ), 
  enough ? 
   well , the borders are an accomplished fact now , whining about it now does no good , imho ( but of course i understand that many of my countrymen are still upset about it ) . 
  just found it a little suprising that a romanian nationalist expresses anger toward the french of all the other nations out there . 
  i 'd rather thought it would be nice to raise statues to clemenceau if i were you . 
  well , belgrade was `` conquered '' by a german reconnaissance squad on sidecar motorcycles afaik . 
  of course there was heroic resistance too , the yugoslav air force tried it best just like in 1999 , but with roughly the same outcome . 
  i do n't know about that , he marched with an army into hungary after the 1848 hungarian revolution , after a lost ( and militarily quite insignificant , not very bloody ) [ battle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_p%c3%a1kozd ) he withdrew to austria quite fast . 
  i thought they changed to the eu standard plates with blue stripe on the left with eu flag and country code ( b ) . 
  and of course the rest white with black lettering . 
  ( i swear i 've seen such plates with `` b '' country code but maybe i had it wrong ... ), 
   i 'd love to ask some swedes and englishmen if they 'd be more comfortable with italians and portuguese spying on them instead of their own countrymen or would you be comfortable with foreign police dispersing protests in your country ? 
  bulgaria was liberated from ottoman rule in one of the russo-turkish wars . 
  they have a statue of the tsar in their capital . 
  [ greece ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece%e2%80%93russia_relations ) was usually friendly with russia apparently . 
  considering that nato bombed them 14 years ago ( and the serbs ' love affair with mother russia - there are very few peoples who are particularly fond of russia besides the russians themselves , but serbs , bulgarians , greeks and maybe for an extent armenians are , for historical reasons - russia 's role in their gaining independence etc. 
  - and shared orthodox religion ) it 's not surprising . 
  there are four shades on the map but the legend has only 3 . 
  the question is what we mean by globalization ? 
  globalization can mean many , often diametrically opposed things . 
  it can mean the transfer of power and wealth from the middle class and working poor to the 1 % wealthy and powerful elite , the rich , international corporations . 
  a world run by corporations , where national entities , governments became irrelevant by various free trade agreements and by non-state powers that have much more clout than any nation 's elected politicians , who can get governments installed or fall solely by financial pressure , lobbying etc. 
  the world is becoming one big economy , according to supporters it is good for growth and efficiency per the neoliberal economic policies commonly referred to as the washington consensus ( financial and capital market liberalization , deregulation and privatization ) . 
  they say an integrated market economy will bring prosperity worldwide . 
  critics of this globalization believe that the consequences of globalization increases income inequality and harms the environment . 
  but it also can mean `` take money from the rich and give it to the poor '' i.e. 
  socialism on a world ( global ) scale , where all would be pulled down to a level of mediocrity , where hard working cultures have to share the fruits of their labor with less industrious people , overseen by a `` world government '' probably the u.n. given more power over the world . 
  this `` globalization '' is which the fiscal conservatives rail against . 
  by `` globalization , '' they mean world currency , the u.n. given more power over the world , because we 're all on earth , etc. 
  and countries that have higher minimum wages require countries with low or no minimum wages to significantly increase their minimum wages to prevent unskilled workers from taking the jobs of highly skilled workers for almost no money . 
  unfortunately it can not be done without lowering minimum wages in countries with too generous welfare systems and too much `` nanny state '' , hence austerity . 
  i mean for western and southern europe both meanings of globalization would mean the inevitable lowering of living standards . 
  in the first case because dismantling trade barriers will make them uncompetitive . 
  the second case because their tax money has to be spent to help the poorer countries . 
  either case there is a painful , decades long adjustment period ahead for most wealthy countries . 
  they wo n't be able to afford giving generous handouts to improductive or low-productivity members of their societies . 
  this will have consequences like social unrests , spikes in violence and crime etc. 
  as we already seen some outbursts of it in the banlieus of france or in london etc. 
  ok i did n't want to change the subject , so i think `` more europe '' means more power to ( practically ) unelected bureaucrats . 
  also i think eu leaders are often far removed from objective reality and their priorities are messed up , also they are ineffective . 
  i do n't think that a multinational empire can be centrally governed effectively from brussels ( but the reality is that the more powerful eu members will always circumvent the commission and the other bodies and will make all relevant decisions bypassing them ) . 
  more europe means more globalisation and less national sovereignity , nation states are a thing of the past for the global ruling elite , [ as it was know 40 years ago already ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi5hrcwu7dk ) . 
  there is a free trade agreement in the making between the us and the eu currently . 
  so much about resisting us intrusion , the eu is about to open up completely to us corporations . 
  why do n't you just register your vehicles in ( for example ) germany then ? 
  in hungary for example we have a tax not nearly as much as yours , but you see many relatively expensive cars having slovakian license plates as a result . 
  the government could n't really do anything with it , however it tried to f.ck with those people ( they usually have a token business in slovakia and the car is nominally that business ' ), 
  germany was massively spied on by the anglo-saxons even before the internet , through the entire cold war , they had access to the telephone network at their will including the chancellor 's conversations so that 's not new . 
  also the massive internet sifting is hardy suprising . 
  ever heard about [ echelon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echelon ) ? 
  it 's only the continuation of that in the internet age . 
  germany is hardly an independent country in the traditional sense of the term , the same is true to the entire eu . 
  we are just colonies of the anglo-saxon empire , which offered military protection in exchange for the loss of sovereignity . 
  militarily , the eu 's militaries are subordinate to nato , which is an extension of the anglo-saxon military machine etc. 
  yeah i remember as a child i often took hours long train journeys with my parents or grandmother . 
  people then chatted with strangers on the train . 
  it was customary , strangers were supposed to small talk on the train , it was considered the polite thing to do and being silent on a long train journey was considered rude ( more self-contained types could extricate themselves by hiding themselves behind newspapers/books/magazines ) . 
  now we communicate anonymously on the internet with strangers , with acquintances on facebook , and retreat into our smartphones and earphones on the train , and never venture to talk to strangers for the pleasure of conversation , because hey , that would be awkward and creepy . 
  same in hungary , 
  i you think femen or pussy riot , no those are just paid provocateurs . 
  well i 'm not russian , and i just reflected to the picture in this thread and the typical gay pride stuff i 've seen before . 
  yeah russia is a rough place , and definitely not tolerant even by our standards here in central/eastern europe . 
  they are a traditional masculine culture in many aspects , hence the anti-gay sentiment ( i can say for sure it 's not religion or `` conservative politics '' in the western sense ) . 
  typical `` butthurt liberal '' reasoning , totally feelings-based , `` you should just tolerate this or that becuase it 's a riiiight etc. '', 
  but i do n't give a shit about it personally , i just said that this would be more effective in a place like russia ( or elsewhere in eastern europe ) imho . 
  but i may be wrong of course . 
  maybe the civil rights movement was wise to not to campaign with rappers ( had they exist then , just as an example ) . 
  most people in a country like russia tolerate the existence of homosexuality as long as it 's kept out of their sight and not pushed in their faces flamboyantly . 
  so if gays first came out as `` normal looking people '' that would help them more with gaining more acceptance . 
  i mean even openly gay guys here usually distance themselves from the kind of lgbt people seen in gay prides ... ( `` no we are n't that kind '' ), 
  gay pride is counterproductive , it only increases those people 's disgust towards gays . 
  i mean men dressed in drag , behaving provocatively `` flamboyant '' etc. 
  i think several thousand gays in everyday clothes ( or business suits even ) , looking normally , just holding up signs would be more effective . 
  that would emphasize that they are normal people , just with different sexual orientation . 
  you mention black rights activists , looking the footage of civil rights movement era demonstations , mlk 's speeches etc. 
  it strikes me that the blacks seem so normal , dressed modestly but decently ( i mean wearing clean , unpatched street clothing ) . 
  in the old times `` feminists '' wanted equality . 
  now they want privileges and power , to become the dominant sex . 
  i 'd say it was a worse dystopia in 1980-89 ... 
  hungary : language is impossible to master for anybody not born in it , stag parties , porn stars . 
  slovakia : car factories , ski ranges , country where wealthy hungarians register their pricey cars because of hungarian regstration tax . 
  also the country that once was upper hungary . 
  romania : `` the ones who stole transylvania from us '' . 
  also , a more colorful but dirtier , poorer place we like to think that we are better than them . 
  and of course gypsies . 
  ukraine : poor country , lot of gangsters/mobsters/hitmen ( popular saying was in hungary : `` if you do n't pay we 'll send the ukrainian guys '' ( pictured as serious thugs nobody wants to fuck around with ) ) serbia : home to tough people too , basically they are savages . 
  just remember the recent balkan wars . 
  but secretly we admire them for it too . 
  croatia : similar to serbs but more pleasant people ( at least with us ) . 
  also sea . 
  slovenia : the part of austria that speaks a slavic language . 
  the future borders were already decided about then ( romania was already promised all of transylvania + partium + banat when it entered the war on the entente side 1916 ) . 
  actually it could have been worse for hungary , romanian nationalists had the slogan `` from the dniester to the tisza '' . 
  they wanted szeged too , for example .
