  well that 's debatable , according to hungarian historians romanians became a relative majority in transylvania in the 16th century at the earliest and an absolute majority no earlier than the middle or late 18th . 
  ( according to the 1910 hungarian census 53.8 % were romanian-speaking , 31.6 % hungarian-speaking and 10.8 % german-speaking . ), 
  basically : red = communism purple/blue/green = catholicism ( i do n't mean the current regime but the long-term influences these ideologies had on people 's minds ) . 
  yeah , this is the `` sonderweg '' theory of german history , which essentially says that nazism was an inevitable organic consequence of the special german path of political development . 
  it has fallen out of fashion among historians over the last decades afaik , but i guess it 's still influential , perhaps many scholars teach it to students etc. 
  well , every nation out there is kinda bitter about territories lost to neighbors , at least the more nationalistic people . 
  i bet serbs wo n't stop whining about kosovo anytime soon ( despite the fact that it 's populated almost exclusively by albanians now ) . 
  you ca n't hold it against us . 
  they self-identified as hungarians ( besides being jewish ) though , and spoke hungarian . 
  ( as far as i know neither kafka or freud spoke czech . ), 
  but true , most world-famous hungarian-born people were jewish ( almost every `` hungarian '' nobel prize winners for example were ) . 
  hungary was good at assimilating people ( hell , maybe 1 % of today 's hungarians are descended from the hungarian tribes who arrived here in the 9th century ) , well , it was until 1920 . 
  after that , the dismemberment of the historical kingdom of hungary we became more xenophobic and nativist . 
  there was an advertising campaign by some beer maker that said that the `` do n't clink beer '' was meant for only 150 years and it expired now . 
  russians have two words for blue afaik ( light blue and `` navy '' blue ) so it 's not unheard of that some languages have different words for colors . 
  v\u00f6r\u00f6s used to mean dark red , associated with blood ( blood is `` v\u00e9r '' in hungarian ) , but it also became a more elated expression for `` red '' in political or literary context like `` red army '' is `` v\u00f6r\u00f6s hadsereg '' for example . 
   the kingdom of hungary did n't sacrifice itself to halt ottoman expansionism . 
  to put it short , internal power struggles left the kingdom defenseless and when push came to shove , in this case push being the ottomans , the hungarians lost not to mention that the ottomans were quite strong . 
  it took the `` nato '' of the time to stop them at vienna and finally drive out them form hungary later . 
  but of course every nation ( serbs , croats , romanians etc. ), 
  around here holds that it sacrificed itself to halt the turks and so `` saved christian europe '' . 
   the axis powers did n't move into the country and start deporting people . 
  hungary was perfectly capable of deporting jews on its own . 
  not entirely true . 
  the deporting ( at least the rounding up ) was indeed done by hungarian officials and gendarmes who were often enthusiastic for this `` job '' too , but germany occupied the country in march 19 . 
  ( because they suspected that the government is secretly preparing to switch to the allied side ) and the deportations were carried out under germans ( maybe the name of a certain adolf eichmann says something ) . 
  until then there were discriminatory laws enacted against jews and jewish males were conscripted to labor battalions ( instead of armed service ) and were often treated inhumanely , also thousands of non-hungarian citizen jews were deported to ukraine where they were killed by german troops . 
  much more jews survived the war in hungary than other eastern european countries so their descendants can bad mouth hungary and be always keen to point out our horrible antisemitism to the world . 
  other countries ? 
  simply no jews left ( or those who survived almost all departed after the following years/decades like in poland ) so they do n't have these `` problems '' . 
  orban harmed foreign interests with his policies ( whether they are good or not for the country is indeed debatable , but they sure harmed some german , french etc. 
  business interests , and that was when they became suddenly gravely concerned about the state of democracy in hungary ) and the governments of their corresponding countries responded accordingly , no matter that they are left or right . 
  actually the left-right dichotomy does n't make sense any more when we are talking about western europe . 
  the mainstream left and right parties are really indistinguishable on most issues . 
  cameron supports gay marriage , the german cdu is more politically correct than any left party , on the other hand leftist parties often implement neoliberal economic policies etc. 
  a lot of people view the imf as a kind of harmful organization outside hungary too , so what ? 
  `` orthodox '' economics in today 's lingo here at least means neoliberal economics of course , and `` unorthodox '' means not neoliberal , plain and simple . 
  not debating which is good and which is not . 
  they have a simmering war with azerbaijan over karabakh , azerbaijan spent a lot of money to arms lately and it seems only a matter of time that they attempt to retake the territory . 
  there is the usual great game involved with russia supporting armenia and the us kind of supporting azerbaijan , but it would be in trouble continuing that in case of war because the influential armenian diaspora in the usa . 
  so i guess it 's the joint russian and western pressure that keeps back the azeris from starting over the war . 
  they severed diplomatic relations with our country because of the extradition of the [ azerbaijani axe murderer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramil_safarov ) ( who chopped up his armenian fellow student in his sleep ) to azerbaijan , where he was received as a hero and was immediately pardoned . 
  that was a shameful moment to be hungarian :( and system of a down also refuses to come to hungary because of that . 
  there was an incident when gunmen assassinated the armenian pm and other government members in their parliament ( at least 15 years ago ), 
  they have brown skin . 
  well not always , but usually obviously browner/darker than us whites . 
  many of them are clearly mestizos . 
   as the georgian campaign has shown , the televisions around the world show whatever is needed . 
  and no , controlling the city does not mean cleaning out every yard and house . 
  lol this above quote is just pathetic you sound like your silly generals ... sorry . 
  they did n't control the city then , their corpses littered the streets and were eaten by stay dogs . 
  some captured 18 yr old russian kids were released by the chechen fighters on the promise that they wo n't ever fight again , and they ran crying for their moms . 
  that was an example of a military disaster showing that the army was run by complete morons ( sending conscripts to a city in the night without maps in tanks and apc 's with no plans whatsoever etc. ), 
  and corrupt criminals and was totally lacking funds . 
  but there are enough videos on youtube about it also ... 
  the civilian losses in iraq were mostly caused by other iraqis , who committed suicide bombings , not the us . 
  only thing resembling grozny was fallujah , that was nasty urban combat , officially 95 american soldiers died in 2 months fighting . 
  afghanistan : the soviet army admittedly lost 14,453 kia in afghanistan 1979 -- 1989 . 
  us and coalition lost 3,360 kia since 2001 . 
  better to compare the two afghan wars then  of course the two are n't the same but took place in the same country at least . 
  also civilians killed : 16,725 -- 19,013 ( 2001 -- 2013 ) . 
  soviet war in afghan : 850,000 -- 1,500,000 civilians killed and 5 million refugees outside of afghanistan . 
  there were pensioners , old people catched up in the fighting in grozny who were mostly killed by the russian artillery and aerial bombing . 
  chechen civilians could flee they could n't , nowhere to go for them . 
  i did n't say they were massacred targetedly . 
  russian official casualty figures : well i think you know how reliable those were . 
  especially the number of the chechen fighters they claimed killed , but they routinely denied/laundered their own losses too . 
  russian generals and military spokesmen routinely lied ridicuiously during the chechen conflicts . 
  they resembled clowns sometimes , as their words were so contrary to all other information sources from the field ( well probably sometimes they sincerely were clueless of the situation themselves ) . 
  they claimed final victory over `` bandits '' every month or so , they claimed grozny is controlled by russian forces while televisions around the world showed chechen fighters dancing around burnt out tanks , driving around captured intact tanks with chechen flags and parading russian soldiers taken pow . 
  well that was one of the lowest points for the russian side but they lied systematically and boldfacedly during the whole war . 
  according to dudayev , 4,000 russian soldiers died in the 1995 new year 's eve attack alone , that is probably an inflated figure too but the russian ngo 's also estimated 1,500 . 
  maybe they are more close to the real numbers . 
  according to wikipedia , second chechen war 's total killed on federal side : 7,217-7 ,425 ( 3,675 soldiers , 2,364-2 ,572 interior ministry troops ) , regarding that the russians learned a little ( not too much but anyway ) from the first war i 'd be suprised if the first chechen war 's casualties were genuinely lower . 
  maybe they just more sincere about them in the second one , who knows ... 
  germany , austria for sure, 
  but why would the us need troops at home ? 
  for example would you build new radar installations all over the coasts in case cuba or north korea attacks ? 
  apparently they did n't wipe out all russians because the as i remember russian troops massacred russian civilians in grozny back then in 1996 ... face it , the russians not only fought very incompetent and were decimated by the chechen fighters , but they committed a lot of war crimes too . 
  actually they put the serbs and other balkan war participants to shame regarding the extent of crimes . 
  so while i do n't condone terrorism , i find the motives of the budennovsk , beslan etc. 
  attacks understandable . 
  they just wanted to make the russians stop ravaging in their land . 
  btw is n't is a shame how badly the glorious russian security services handled those crises too ? 
  where they `` won '' they still managed to kill well over a hundred hostages . 
  also it 's a little shameful for russia that they had to bribe a chechen warlord to get on their side and pacify the country for them , because they were unable to do that . 
  so moscow now sends billions of dollars to this criminal warlord called `` president '' , elected by 99 % of the vote etc. 
  just to keep him complacent . 
  and if russia weakens again you bet that kadirov guy will declare independence from russia ... 
  the habsburgs were n't really `` our people '' , they were the rulers of the house of austria , and hungary fought two wars of independence against them ( both failed , the second one serbs fought on the habsburg side , in that war the habsburgs prevailed with russian help on the end ) . 
  by the way wwi was started by a bunch of serb agents acting on the commands of belgrade , they were complete morons but somehow princip managed to kill franz ferdinand and the rest is history . 
  the austro-hungarian army was quite incompetent in wwi that 's true . 
  stalingrad is true too , the flanks were protected by hungarian and romanian troops and were crushed by a vastly superior soviet force . 
  saying that they were incompetent is like saying that the serbian army was incompetent because it was defeated in both world wars by germans . 
  ( the hungarians were supposed to defent 200 km of the front line with badly equipped and undermanned units , they were used as cannon fodder by the germans indeed ) . 
  regarding the americans i 'm not such a big fan of them either . 
  still i think they are a bit better than russia though ( but i do n't hate the russians really either , i may have said shit about them but that does n't mean i 'm hating them on a personal level ) . 
  i respect the serbs too , you are a little barbarian and seemingly get off on rape and torture ( what other people would make `` srpski fim '' ? ), 
  but besides that i do n't have ill feelings towards you . 
  i understand other people 's nationalist sentiments , we have them too .
