well , many do n't like him but probably he would win again now , the opposition is divided and not hugely popular either . 
  the [ constitution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_hungary ) was written by him ( well , basically ) . 
  the rules for early elections did n't change in the 2011 constitution afaik , they were basically the same since 1990 . 
  there were n't any early general elections in hungary in the last 24 years , the rules are so that it is very difficult to make happen . 
  there were numerous times in those 24 years when it was pretty clear that the majority of the people would want the actual government to go , but there were never early elections held . 
  if the government loses a vote of no confidence in the parliament , and a new government can not be formed in a given period then the president can dissolve parliament and early elections can be held . 
  but the vote of no confidence has strict rules too , it was deliberately made hard back in 1989 for the sake of solid government , they were afraid of situations like in italy in the latter half of the 20th century where no government lasted more than a few months . 
  so it 's more like in the us , the terms and election years are practically fixed . 
  if the majority of parliament wants an early election for some reason it 's possible but that did n't happen so far in 24 years . 
  i think he realized ( his advisors convinced him ) that it was a very bad idea . 
  the proposal of internet tax was openly criticized even in the pro-fidesz media and even by fidesz politicians . 
  also it galvanized opposition to his party/government ( which was pretty much in a lethargic , resigned mood after 3 elections - parliament , european parliament , municipal - in a row clearly won by fidesz this year ) , gave it a popular and just cause . 
  and of course this tax hit the nerve of many who were/are mostly apolitical . 
  maybe they will try to sneak it back in a more candlestine form , but i think they 'll rather raise/introduce some other tax instead . 
  well there was even a russian ( or radio yerevan ) joke about him a guy phones into a radio show : - is it true that tchaikovsky was gay ? 
  - yes . 
  but that 's not why we like him !, 
  i said unlikely because theoretically the shells could hit the plane of course . 
  just it would have required a pilot with some serious jedi abilities . 
  the main problem with this theory that the su-25 is too slow to intercept an airliner . 
  and it ca n't even climb to 30,000 ft. its cannon 's aiming equipment was n't designed to shoot down planes . 
  actually it 's quite strange that the russians insist this , claiming that it was a su-27 or a mig-29 would be much more believable . 
  if it is a propaganda lie , why did n't they make it more believable ? 
  why saying it was a su-25 whose service ceiling is 7,000 m and its maximum speed is 975 km/h , which makes it quite unbelievable that it was able to intercept and shoot down an airliner . 
  maybe there indeed was a su-25 around the time ( and the russians know it ) but it 's near impossible that it could shoot down mh17 . 
  just physically unlikely . 
  a victory in 1514 when ukraine ( meaning `` borderlands '' in slavic ) as a state and a nation was a non-existent concept ? 
  typical young-nation nationalism boasting a `` glorious past '' which is mostly fiction or appropriated from other nations . 
  of course it kind of is . 
  but you see the french or the hungarian railways sued for the holocaust in the us , for example . 
  that depends . 
  the us for example holds that their courts have authority over the whole world , you can sue foreign governments for things that happened outside the us , involving nobody who was an us citizen at the time of the `` crime '' , and they do n't throw out the case , everything goes . 
  btw this girl is badass . 
  i think it 's foolish of both the russians and the west to wage a turf war over ukraine ( or other regions neighboring russia ) while the winner of this will be china , the emerging new superpower . 
  if the west ostracizes russia with more and more sanctions , they ( china ) will make russia their little bitch . 
  russia may be thinking that they can be an equal partner/ally of beijing but that 's not the case . 
  china will take from russia what it wants ( gas , resources ) and wo n't give more in return than what 's absolutely necessary to keep them dependent . 
  russia is weak , its a declining power that wo n't ever be anything but a shadow of its former `` glory '' . 
  its economy is roughly the size of italy 's . 
  they are backwards . 
  how many russian hi tech companies could you find ? 
  their exports are almost exclusively oil/gas and raw materials . 
  they have remarkable technology in some niche fields like nuclear and various military technologies or space rockets , but basically their economy is resource based , not knowledge and human capital based . 
  true they have thousands of nukes , their leaders and nationalists dream of restoring their former `` glory '' , but they are more of a paper tiger than anything else . 
  i can easily imagine ukrainians do this too , they did a lot of things on the same level as this with russian sympathizers , i wo n't link videos but i 've seen some where ukrainian nationalists humiliate ( real or perceived ) pro-russians in various ways . 
  if you think that they are above this , you 're deluded , the two sides are very similar culturally . 
  also comparing this to beheading prisoners is a little hyperbolic do n't you think ? 
  hungarian railways also were [ sued ] ( http://connection.ebscohost.com/c/articles/50837991/m-v-be-sued-role-holocaust ) for its role in the holocaust . 
  they want more than $ 1bn . 
  but m\u00c1v does n't want to build high speed railways in the us so they are n't going to pay , i 'm pretty sure of it . 
  afaik the finns were quite successful in fooling the russians with lighting fires in the forest ( the city was blacked out of course ) . 
  zhdanov was puzzled when he arrived in helsinki to negotiate the peace , because he expected seeing it reduced to rubble after soviet heavy bombers did massive night raid some time before . 
  edit : and the finns also infiltrated the returning bomber formations with their aircraft then bombed their home base etc. 
  last time i was in italy ( adria coast ) the beaches were just like that . 
  no `` free '' beaches anywhere , at least not many . 
  the red army looted and raped everywhere it went in ww2 , not only on enemy territory , they raped and looted the `` liberated '' peoples often too , like poles etc. 
  but true , the germans got the worst , in case of other nationalities it was n't expressly encouraged by their leaders . 
  for example in hungary , despite being a german ally , while a lot of raping and looting happened too ( wristwatches were their favorites anecdotally ) , there were even cases when looting/raping soldiers were severely punished or even summarily executed by their superiors for it . 
  it was a frigging large army with a lot of quite indisciplined troops like people brought out from the gulag to fight for the motherland . 
  or soldiers from central asia ( asian `` russians ' had an even worse reputation in this regard than european russians afaik - well it 's possible that it was just because of racism ) . 
  also they often had basically to fend for themselves , taking everything ( food etc. ), 
  from the locals like medieval armies or the armies of the 30 years war . 
  also they arrived in lands that were usually much more developed and affluent than where they came from . 
  imagine a third world army rampaging through europe , it would be similar to that . 
  it was quite different for the american gi 's for example , they had good logistics , there were tons of women willing to have sex with them for cigarettes or chocolate etc. 
  - many found their future wives in europe too . 
  so it 's not suprising that they did n't committed a lot of rape ( looting is another matter , afaik many of them brought some loot back home ) . 
  most of this was built during ceausescu era ( he had most of the old city demolished ), 
  lots of oil . 
  yep , but what we know about the `` dacians '' for the 1000 years that passed in between ? 
  not much really , no much historical records of them or their civilization . 
  there were a lot of migrations during those 1000 years ( including the period called the age of migration ) , waves of nomadic peoples for hundreds of years like the huns , cumans , hungarians , mongols etc. 
  many peoples appeared and disappeared between the 3rd and 13th century in central/southeastern europe , like sarmatians , illyrians , pechenegs and so on . 
  empires formed and vanished like the those of huns , avars , greater bulgaria ... 
  so it 's possible , that some dacians stayed in place and survived all that without being scattered or assimilated into other peoples , but is there a proof of that it indeed happened so ? 
  or how sure can be that dacians were indeed some proto-romanians ? 
  but it 's the same with the gauls for example , were the gauls ( a celtic people ) some kind of proto-french ? 
  rather the french simply claimed their ancestry based on that they lived in that area in the roman age . 
  there can be some biological ancestry of course , and maybe there are some people are descended from the dacians and are romanians now , but how can we know who are and who are not ? 
  `` and were always '' it 's the part we tend not to agree with . 
   it 's much more likely imho that the people who later became romanians ( vlachs ) came from the balkans from somewhere near today 's albania/macedonia etc. 
  hence the simlarities with the albanian language . 
  clearly they lived under the byzantine empire 's influence hence the orthodox religion . 
  afaik there is still a romanian or romanian-related diaspore all over the balkans called aromanians etc. 
  but of course romanians had to dream up some glorious past and `` ancient history '' also they wanted the claim to transylvania be underpinned by so called historical `` facts '' , so they invented daco-romanian continuity etc. 
  during the age of romantic nationalisms ( 19th-early 20th century ) i.e. 
  that decebal 's dacians were romanized during the few decades while the territory that is today 's transylvania was under the control of the roman empire , and that today 's romanian population there are their linear descendants who always were the majority there etc. 
  they are trying to prove it by making archeological digs everywhere in transylvania ( including the main square of cluj around the statue of mathias hunyadi/corvinus - who was of part basarabian descent btw ) , but afaik the evidence is shaky at best . 
  so we have two claims , hungarian historiography does n't accept that there is evidence of romanians there before the 13-14th centuries or so , romanians insist that they were always there . 
  not that this counts much now . 
  i 'd say , just as serbia basically lost kosovo to the albanian womb , hungary lost transylvania to the romanian womb , just over a longer period of time  not to offend , i just stated the prevailing hungarian views about these things here . 
   bffs with hungary haha , not really so , it ai n't so bad as the greek-turkish relations ( for example ) however . 
  nationalists on both sides quite hate each others guts tho . 
  also , for historical reasons there are a lot of hungarians in romania but virtually no romanians in hungary so it 's different on the two sides . 
  romanians can say they have a love-hate relationship with hungary , hungarians living in romania could say that too , on the other hand hungarians ( in hungary ) are more like either indifferent or feel `` those filthy romanians stole transylvania from us '' , but they do n't have to deal with romanian people much and do n't really know much about them or their country/culture at all ( some were to transylvania though as tourists ) . 
  why deny history , eh ? 
  it was until the turkish invasion , then a principality still regarded a part of the kingdom of hungary , which in turn was ruled by the house of habsburgs from when hungary was partitioned between the turks and austrians ( except for some periods when it was semi independent and a vassal of the turks , or when it was administered as a province separately from hungary etc. ), 
  romania as a state never existed before the 19th century that 's also a fact . 
  not denying that romanian peasants/shepherds meanwhile became the majority in transylvania tho . 
   transylvania ( northeastern romania ) was conquered by the hungarians , but at least since the great mongol invasion ( 1241 ) , romanians have been the majority .
