  then start spending more money on it and stop spending it carelessly for e.g they rent flats that should accommodated refugees . 
  now those flats are still tenant-less , millions of $ were gone / month in a small commune in nordrheinwestfalen . 
  this is unacceptable , but blunder like this happens on daily basis . 
  germany cant fulfilled it duties http://www.spiegel.de/wissenschaft/natur/deutschland-und-klima-vertrag-von-paris-co2-ziele-kaum-noch-erreichbar-a-1150422.html i agree that something must be done , the thing is . 
  those in power are acting like they need to discipline the citizen and acting like superhero , also pointing some villain like usa . 
  the whole shit started by big company and gov regulation anyway , why should we pay the price for it ? 
  pointing finger on usa isnt going to fix the issues . 
  thats how you show tolerance , which european has already shown many decades ago . 
  does it change anything ? 
  nope you are a big ignorant if you think that the majority in muslim community are n't against lbgt , gender equality . 
  kohl is the current michael jackson, 
  wow such ignorance very desperate much insanity, 
  most that marched are n't even moslem , just some leftist and hippies . 
  this wont help anything , we need crime detectoon ala minority report huehue, 
  west european will die out and me immigrants refuse their life style , culture and law . 
  europe wont hold longer than 100 years . 
  in some germans city you would wonder if you were in turkey or germany . 
  the open border policy is bit too retarded , if it was n't then why did they try to change it bit by bit . 
  meanwhile cursing the opposition for the same idea . 
  i say its just bigotry , those are in power are going cling on it so hard . 
  ps : before people accuse me for being racist !, 
  i am not white , only white can be racist ^ ^ hehe, 
  merkel doesnt care about europe , she just cares about her public image . 
  those far righter terrorist acts are so small to be categorized as terror act ( i would measure it by brevik 's law to classify it , brevik was clearly a terrorist ) . 
  these right wingers are trying to prevent them from coming , it isnt the same as those that trying to kill someone due racial hatred . 
  we have lots of case like that done by moslem , do we need to classify those as terror act too , if that the case we would have way more islamic terror act than those that managed to get headlines . 
  because they are not that powerful yet and they are constantly screened for political correctness . 
  these guys are the same , they play the media directed toward their favor , financed by the same konglomerat, 
  well we are all agree that we are against dup policy , but why do we import people that supports sharia ? 
  i have been talking to moderate moslem , i amazed that they would choose sharia over grundgesetz . 
  their argument was like no human law is more powerful and righteous than allah 's one . 
  i was like okay these guys are lost . 
  some that i know even started to join `` sharia law patrol '' in wuppertal . 
  nsa xd seriously ... we wont have snowden if they arent so corrupt and manipulative, 
  some part of moslem community support this kind of actions , while denied any connection to it . 
  not all mosque are against jihadism vs western , some even encourage . 
  the problem is , how can you find out which one is the troublemarker ? 
  these people are hopeless , you cant denied that is has nothing to do with islam . 
  since they believed that its allah will . 
  tell me one thing , hong kong for example . 
  it was british for ages , do we had these kind of people ? 
  why cant iraq be like hong kong ? 
  is it racist to say that islam took part of that development ? 
  far left might throw their tantrum and killed me if i were to ask these questions on the street . 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram . 
  some of these people got their lives completely ruined . 
  gear up and be aware , the west world that we know is no longer exist . 
  things like this could be on our daily headlines , europe is turning into israel . 
  well you dont want to trigger the whole world xd, 
  you are infidel and your blood is halal to be tore , have you met a group with that kind of view ? 
  even if they dont do it in reality , i came from those country . 
  you wont believe what they think . 
  especially against white western . 
  i have seen normal community got radical by internet discussion . 
  you cant stop it, 
  those islamic extremist in south east asia werent funded by us or saudi , but they arent less extreme than the mena version . 
  sorry dude everything was made on the internet , those that a bit different will have tendency to go that direction . 
  there will be no end of it , even if you ban people from mena , they will just the shit somewhere else . 
  these virus isnt going anywhere , get used to it . 
  the gov should pay at least million usd to thee people , its their fault , its their politic , its their responsibility . 
  i could imagine that some young people with bright future got their live completely ruined by these attacks . 
  islamic terrorism is n't going anywhere , we should start to think of it like an car accident . 
  even in country like indonesia , which was the role model for moderare islam . 
  they are also losing to radicalism . 
  there nothing can fix this problem , our political leaders ? 
  they are useless , every time it happens they would just offer their condolences and prayers . 
  reform ? 
  i know many muslims ridiculed christians because of reforms and fixes . 
  their argument was like how can it can be true if your holy book got so many revisions . 
  try to state something like that in muslim country , you can be persecuted . 
  moderate mosques are considered as infidels work by them . 
  you clearly misjudged the situation . 
  nothing can stop the spread of their ideology , everyone use internet i occasionally read some chats in local muslim forums . 
  you can see the tendency toward radicalism has been increased since the past decades . 
  wow so greatness much populism, 
  next lvl bigotry , next he wants to delete the internet i guess huehuehue, 
  they should be around 40 % , that would make it a good balance between left and right, 
  told ya , leftist are dumb . 
  for them you are a right winger deus vult . 
  we are doomed anyway , our political leaders are numb . 
  some people lives in reality and its looking dire atm . 
  and leftist just grouped them together with total right winger moron to defend their stand . 
  i see no diff between leftist and rightwinger , both that went too far are usually dumb and low educated . 
  buy european cars with cheat software huehuehue, 
  in indonesia , a governor critiqued imams that use their manual book to defame him . 
  you know what happen next ? 
  hundred thousands mass were chanting to kill him . 
  in the end he got jailed to please the mass . 
  i dont want to see that kind future in europe , we already warned by cases like theo van gogh , charlie hebdo , lee rigby . 
  even if would destroy our economy ? 
  no thanks, 
  you cant enforce assimilation , try to mix water and oil would never work . 
  until the water is replaced by oil , it wont work . 
  i call that leftist bigotry on one side they said that they support gender equality , lbgt , democracy . 
  on other side they want to import people that exactly against those values . 
  retarded major , how could a retard be a major ? 
  in east asia islamist terrorism is near to non existence and their big cities is wayyyyyy more bigger than london . 
  the problem is many of them believe that your culture is bad and it could bring bad influence to their family . 
  they will doctrine their kids with their ultra conservative views and those kid could easily be harvested by hate preachers and islamist to fight the west, 
  europe is turning into israel , where islamist terror happen on daily basis and armed police are everywhere,
