  do you support gender equality ? 
  lbgt ? 
  i do, 
  less tax please , lower maximum company tax could be a start, 
  hizbut tahrir hmm i am not surprised that group is very violent . 
  their branch in indonesia is destroying the pluralism . 
  its funny how the liberals and globalist are too blind to see the danger of these groups, 
  haha try again , like you know what you were talking about visit germany and see with your eyes the no go area in dortmund d\u00fcsseldorf wuppertal ... 
  those seculer and liberalis will died out in the name of their religion and their f\u00fchrer erdowahn . 
  its sad , meanwhile in europe we are harbouring turks that against our value and democracy . 
  we should switch them with those liberal from istanbul . 
  i visited turke couple of times , there are many open minded and liberal young people . 
  they could help to improve europe , not like those radical or extrem religious garbage that lives from social welfare . 
  better get more `` doctors and engineer '' from middle east eh , seriously . 
  ukranian is morelikely to integrate in europe without frictions . 
  i have never met east european and so foreign and failed to integrate in out society . 
  have you ever seen a ghettos made by slavs ? 
  more likely by those from middle east , north africa and turks . 
  if ukrainian could work in europe , it will be a major boost to our economy . 
  germany alone has 1,3 million open jobs . 
  i believe east european will make europe stronger than ever and prevent the collapse of our social system . 
  lol do you really think i make this account extra for this election ? 
  pfff like i care that much , i can give my senf on the topic like everyone else or should i just stop because you dont like my opinion . 
  well i guess that what you call freedom of speech by libtard , so much for retarded democrazy . 
  seeing how busy you are on reddit , makes me understand something . 
  what is the current favourite shows on hartz4 tv ? 
  they accused putin was helping trump and working with russia is terribad in their opinion . 
  ( geez i wonder if these people ever visited russia or know some russian , looks like every russian is a devil in their eyes . ), 
  now when after trump won the election , he fights russia like many others before him . 
  which doesnt make any sense if they were hand in hand on backstage before election . 
  dont you think so ? 
  well sounds like as long its not marine is ok , coz he is the lesser evil here, 
  my point is , people are too blind to criticize macron , its like he is the savior of europe . 
  these trend is bad , europe is heading to one opinion . 
  if you go against it then you are nazi , if thats the democrazy boi oh boi , i hope europe will not turned competely to left . 
  cuz it was the center party that make europe today, 
  what would you do if the facts is not what you are expecting, 
  wait wait these allegation is just your assumption , you are just to blind too se the reality . 
  no matter who sit in white house , they will just do the same shit since america is controlled by the lobbist . 
  take example obama , what did he do ? 
  more weapons for rebels that turned into isis , why he helped the rebel that fight assad ? 
  because humanity ? 
  any person with sane mind could see that if the rebels didnt got any support from usa there would be no war . 
  same like in many middle east country . 
  let me ask you , was that obama agenda ?? 
  i dont think so , he just marionette of some lobbist . 
  lie ? 
  he would just do what the current european leader do , help usa to destabilize middle east and selling weapons . 
  last time container loader lost his job in spain because he reject to load a ship with container full of weaponary . 
  it supposed to go to middle east . 
  thats why hollande supports him so badly and many other , he is on the same side and will do the same shit, 
  acting like kid , juncker stop being a clown . 
  english will always be more relevant than any other european language, 
  cause they have less to hide ? 
  or do you think leftist side doesnt have capable people ? 
  if its just trivial stuffs the leak wont cause any harm . 
  why so angry ? 
  if its just fake then proof it and feel free to press charges like adults, 
  wait till erdogan cancel the deal , we will see how europe tackle the problem . 
  its like digging hole to close another hole, 
  even if the documents is real and shows that macron is as corrupt as le pen ? 
  you would prefer him because you are on the same side ? 
  wow, 
  the current europe is strong ? 
  so strong that it can be threatened by turkey yep sure you are right . 
  best solution ever, 
  because the press arent allowed to publish bad things about macron by the ruling party ? 
  freedom of speech als libtard at it finest eh ? 
  i see as long you are caught its not crime . 
  thats why people need to use wikileaks since the ruling party wont allow such a leak tobe published . 
  i tbh dont know who to trust , not really sure which one is the lesser evil on this stage, 
  yea like how donald so hook up with putin right now , geez are you that dumb ? 
  clearly the libtard are playing you on their hand or wait are you one of them ? 
  yea sure like russia , always russia . 
  makes me wonder why trump is against them right now , geez stop playing the stupid old song . 
  we need to know the facts , it doesnt matter where it comes , have you ever considered the possibility that they just shift the blame on russia and make it looks like russian are the bad one ? 
  i am neutral here , it just seems so unfair to me, 
  oh cmon thats sounds like a lame excuse , we just want to know the facts, 
  if he doesnt have a shit , he shouldnt be afraid of any accusation since he would be able to clear out the fakes, 
  is it true ? 
  we just need to know the facts , dont care how it got spread or who hacked . 
  coz those two facts are not significant , what important is the authenticity of the content . 
  if its not true , why does the frence gov silence all press and censur many free medium ? 
  because they cant be influenced to post good stuffs about macron ? 
  sounds like a big conspiracy to me . 
  i dont believe that macron is not also evil maybe lesser than le pen . 
  but still doesnt change the fact that thanks to the democrazy system we will have 2 evils as primary candidates, 
  looks like macron has lots to hide . 
  gj , on one side we have right extremist on the other side we have a corrupt candidate . 
  thats what we call democrazy eh ? 
  hahaha, 
  if its faked then its not hacked , if its hacked than its true . 
  macron is insanely stupid or retaded ? 
  geez why cant france have a better candidates that these two jokers . 
  its almost like usa , choose a lesser evil . 
  bla bla old conspiracy theory http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/265767/pdf-layers-obamas-birth-certificate-nathan-goulding, 
  wow superb conspiracy theory , you must have a doctorate on that . 
  but i am sorry , my theory is the current leader of this world is working together to make money from wars and refugee crisis while blaming russian for it and claiming to be heroes and the good one . 
  this world isnt black or white , its muddy grey . 
  you might categorize me as right wing , but fyi i am not even white or christian !!,
