  nothing will changed , she keeps saying that over and over again . 
  she has no plan at all , just playing the good public figure all day long . 
  i am foreigner and i 've never had a problem finding a job . 
  not a single rejection after vorstellungsgespr\u00e4ch , because there are so many position to be filled on the market . 
  but payment is just soso 30 $ / h ( brutto ) as computer engineer . 
  i think the problem lies in non skilled worker section , so get a better qualification . 
  you were missing the point by far . 
  grouping centrist with right to oppress their opinion is what leftist doing right now . 
  if they dont want , shouldnt we respect their will ? 
  or do we see them as our subordinate ? 
  if this happen in europe and you protest , you will be branded as nazi . 
  better to lick erdogan boots, 
  correction , you have to do what brussel said or better to say what germany or france said . 
  police failed to do something its trump fault ... yea sure tard , where are you when this happen in obama era ? 
  seriously they need to sanction turkey or punish those , there is no justice in this case . 
  fck you trump are you no great leader and yes obama you are no different, 
  my company is still looking for qualified worker , nonetheless . 
  its hard to find qualified one , those that come illegally or being fakefuge doesnt help economic at all . 
  we have people from all across the world , all of them came legally and had proper qualification . 
  i wonder why people ignore the facts that those fakefugee that will ended up being criminals in our street . 
  in worse case they will deport him so what , they will just leave the bus and come back again on the street . 
  jordan doesnt sound like a better place than turkey tho , what makes you think that they are as trustworthy as turkey under erdogan ? 
  just waste of money , our tax money . 
  fck better to invest in zyprus !, 
  prove us that you are worthy macron , i believe you will do miracles !, 
  well if they start to enforce their medieval culture to you , i would ask the same question . 
  protect the border ? 
  you mean violating human rights ? 
  i guess that what farleft would say, 
  like merkel or macron care xd democracy ? 
  yep if its their will , so be it, 
  what a rubbish , polish are way more integrated than any from mena . 
  even those that live in poland speak english pretty well , in compare of those that will be enforced to them . 
  netherland has also a big portion of chinese immigrants , do they ever caused a problem ? 
  they even use chinese sign on restaurant which wont make any sense to you . 
  sounds like dictator-ism to me , enforce your will and use force to oppress the weaker . 
  democracy ? 
  only if they do as you please, 
  strong stereotype there , so illegal migrants are refugee as long as they are from middle east or north africa ? 
  those from north africa arent refugee as well . 
  fully biased, 
  so you support illegal immigration, 
  so you are saying that illegal immigration is okay ? 
  i dont mind for people coming to europe as lobg as they use the legal way . 
  people that come using illegal way are criminals . 
  they already show their willingness to break the law , what makes you think that they will be law abiding citizen ? 
  and with their qualifications they dont have good chance to find job anyway . 
  we dont need that !!!, 
  radikal tendency, 
  dude ... what are you talking about ? 
  i was talking about hizbuz tahrir , if you are against them they will cal you kaffir . 
  the indonesian branch just got dissolved by the goverment . 
  that is a radical organization . 
  you are claiming that my point was biased but what does justified your confirmation for not being biased too ? 
  what has been seen cant be unseen , hard facts mate . 
  fire at stake ? 
  lol i bet you will be happy to crush anyone that disagree with you based on your aggression . 
  you cant debunk something that i have seen or feel . 
  you know why afd got so much votes couple of months ago ? 
  because the union didnt hear our complains . 
  not like i agree with them , guy like hocke shouldnt be in politic at all . 
  anyway you sound like an antifa , i get it , i will stop , enjoy your time . 
  have a nice weekend, 
  is your family associated with hizbut tahrir ? 
  if not then what was your point ? 
  wrong reply, 
  i guess so , even if you were moslem they will call you kaffir too, 
  dude i pay 3k for taxes and social deductions . 
  it makes hard to buy a house for family . 
  even for someone with relative good job and position . 
  the gov spent too much on unnecessary stuffs and took too much taxes . 
  it shouldnt be like a present for them , it should be like a goal . 
  if they learn the language , work , obey the law . 
  noone would have problem with them . 
  they should given the option to stay if the requirements are met since we need worker anyway . 
  and those that spread hatred to non moslem or criminals should be deported . 
  they have every single chance to improve , why its not happening ? 
  kinda odd dont you think ? 
  if you protest against it then you are nazi or rightwing hardliner . 
  yea i know , many of my germans friend doesnt even want to talk about it or completely refuse the facts . 
  like its never happen , but like it or not its happening . 
  just afraid that they will consider to relocate to greece or somewhere cheaper . 
  but yea i am just a it guy in some company , its cringe me to see that i paid 3k $ for taxes + healthcare + pension + social welfare per month, 
  because i and my society dont have problem with them . 
  lots of my friend are slavs from ex ussr country and ukraine . 
  most of them are productive and educated with good qualification . 
  they are supporting the social system by working according to the law and paying tax so our healthcare system , pension and social welfare could run . 
  germany needs more workers , qualified one . 
  what it does need is uncooperative backward people that spread hates against democracy and jews . 
  why can we tolerate anti semitism ? 
  is it ok because you dont want to offend them ? 
  putting me in a group with those that wear new balance shoes is just ridiculous . 
  i am not even white to begin with and i have many friends from middle east too . 
  they couldnt agree more with my point of view . 
  those slavs here speak german pretty well in compare of many turks or arab that refuse to deal with non moslem . 
  they only visit their market for halal meat . 
  its like a parallel community in the center of europe . 
  a turkish friend of mine once he said , look those youngster in the street , they dont have future . 
  mostly its their community fault , their parent failed to educated them and promote integration . 
  and you can see , the result 70 % choose #evet i see myself as liberal globalist my family consist of intermarriages , even so we must deal those that against western values .
