since when economic illegal migrants become refugee ? 
  thats the most retarded shit that happen in west europe lately, 
  gas the jews remarks could come from moslem community in germany , they hate jews to the core . 
  i havent meet any white german that hate jews . 
  some are overpriced as hell , i would rather buy lucid air than c class . 
  sadly the infrastructure for e-car in germany isnt ready yet . 
  vw had lost many couple times against toyota , that one particular year was an exception . 
  while in usa newcomer like tesla and lucid air bloom , 3 german carmakers are still stuck in their old system . 
  the question is , are they going to be the next nokia / blackberry ? 
  they are tourist , this is so retarded . 
  the biggest question is , will germans carmaker suffer the same fate like nokia . 
  i can see the incoming new carmaker that solely focus on electric car and digital technology . 
  dieselgate is just germans bigottry . 
  is that why we have paris agreement for ? 
  or it was just another gimmick ? 
  its fkn silly to see how the media in germany bullied usa due their withdrawal from paris agreement while the whole industry in german were shitting on it . 
  all were just for the $ $ $, 
  we have millions on turks in germany and they are on erdogan 's side, 
  and afd ! = nazi eh ? 
  yea sure stop playing double standard, 
  they are way more dangerous and harmful than afd ffs, 
  leftist , antifas whatever you call em , we got many of them here too . 
  garbage jobless idiots, 
  leftard are antifas anyway, 
  kidding ? 
  more like less than 5 % , look those that marched on the street . 
  these garbage are worse than trump that they hated so much, 
  sounds like eu need money desperately ... 
  she goes with the flow , as usual . 
  so you think german citizen with all his opportunities should have it harder than refugee ? 
  which kind of job could these refugee fulfill anyway ? 
  as i know there are only like 40k of them that found ausbildungsplatz . 
  german working market has pretty high standard , unless you are saying like cleaning or fliessband job . 
  with the improvement in tech , those kind of jobs will be less and less . 
  the question is how to finance the expenses , tax the middle-upper class more ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  i live in small town , i know lots of german youngster who couldnt find any ausbildungsplatz . 
  i used to visit small pub and talk / discuss with locals , i understand that even for german finding ausbildungsplatz is not easy nowdays . 
  open border was a mistake , lets face it . 
  we need to learn from it and try to fix the actual issues , 1 $ in their homeland has more value than here in europe . 
  its cheaper to help them abroad and we have lots of activist anyway . 
  they could be also accommodated to help there . 
  we can just assume the aftermath , but according to statistic , their number is growing faster than our . 
  take a look back 50 years ago , do we have this kind of problem ? 
  in worst case the will see him as martyr and deepen their hatred toward france / west world . 
  i do n't think that this problem will get fixed in 50 years . 
  it 's a losing battle seeing that their number is growing faster than our , expect europe to be torn apart in next 50 years . 
  seriously if you did n't have anything to add , then do n't bother . 
  i am pretty sure dipl.ing bearer must be an idiot in your eyes , herr einstein . 
  many west country like germany spent way too much . 
  for example : just lately they made a change in the law to prevent the party fund flowing to npd ( nazi party ) bet those money were well spent eh ? 
  another example !!, 
  gov nrw rent block of flat , it was intended for refugee . 
  but months after months it was still empty and they keep paying the rent . 
  i wonder where did they learn it ? 
  our politic is defined by dumb politician with grey agenda . 
  the future looks dark , especially for middle class . 
  german pension system looks grim . 
  before reform , cut useless and idiotic expenses . 
  france and germany is bleeding and we try to close it by taxing the elites . 
  pretty sure its a good way to maintain the status quo eh ? 
  pardon , most west european doesnt have this skyscraper in their hometown . 
  this will only increase the rise of homebrew jihadist in france . 
  i guess , europe will be divided again maybe even war real soon . 
  judging by the response in this thread . 
  i believe many leftist in west europe are willing to kill those evil eastern european like poland / hungary . 
  and moslem are using that fact to attack christianity , which also could seen as a valid argument . 
  sorry , stone age book with bullshits belongs in the dark age . 
  not in this century . 
  they would laugh so hard on that . 
  in germany they dont have job / future perspective / family so far only 44000 found ausbildungsplatz , rest are living on benefits . 
  i doubt that the majority could be absorbed in germans industry . 
  to me it looks like an excuse to leave shithole and living in modern welfare country . 
  many of those so called `` refugee '' dont have war experience , yet they are here . 
  the open border politic is clearly being abused in this case . 
  or are you from those group that think `` no one is illegal '' ? 
  why do need border then ? 
  let them all come and go as they wishes , not long after that europe will be another shithole . 
  why dont we accept refugee from ukraine ? 
  as i know so far only poland is doing their job to help our european brother / sister . 
  you are biased toward mena refugee , i guess are you are under hood with them . 
  well in small commune in nrw they blew millions $ for tenant-less flats that should be used to accommodate refugees . 
  it remains tenant-less for months and the burnout party is still on it . 
  this is madness , if they want to burn my tax money at least they should ask me to do it or join the party . 
  and i am bit concern about incoming euro5 ban too . 
  pretty sure they will do it to euro6 in near future without warning us about it . 
  its ridiculous and unacceptable, 
  we have terrorist attacks too lolz, 
  1 $ in europe would mean less than 1 $ in nordafrica . 
  you can help them more in their continent , this open border politic is just beyond madness, 
  better to not retreat and continue the lies ? 
  most european company cheated the emission anyway and the gov are supporting them . 
  better idea to achieve the goal ? 
  just blame the citizen and put them under the pressure !!, 
  great idea fantastic . 
  in germany some cities will ban diesel euro5 cars in 2018 . 
  it would be so naive to think that those consortium did n't aware about this development long time ago , they just didnt want to pay up the price for the diesel development , ads , infrastructure to stop it before its too late . 
  we were n't even informed about it !!!, 
  do you know how big the effect is ? 
  thing is , if the gov is really serious about this shit .
