lets not forget about who is a big proponent of pushing multiculturalism down your throats ... www.paideia-eu.org, 
  good, 
  i would say it was an all around good job . 
  history.state.gov / milestones/1937 -1945 / us-soviet, 
  thats a cute sign . 
  i guess denmark isnt helping america kill people in multiple conflicts right now ... 
  workers become owners , owners become greedy , greedy owners abuse power etc. . . 
  it will be over by the time they get done talking about it . 
  members of far right groups have just as much a claim to be free as do left wing groups . 
  this group of protesters is politically diverse . 
  it was a joke . 
  i like all food that tastes good . 
  ive always been a fan of culinary imperialsim, 
  guacamole is fucking delicious . 
  if the person has the power to deny something to someone then maybe . 
  i forgot to ask , do you like guacamole ? 
  people putting themselves in a bubble has never started wars or caused people to execute entire populations , but i agree its not the worst thing ever . 
  i can do just fine without worshiping other people or spooky men in the sky ... 
  table scraps , i can do without them . 
  easy street is ok with me !, 
  lol i dont pay income taxes . 
  haha they can come and get it, 
  nah i just like flaunting consumer goods in the faces of the poor . 
  i have an easy job that allows me to travel , brew my own beer , make my own cheese , do leather work , write music and stockpile guns and ammo . 
  oh man im terrified !, 
  its not like the us wasnt an israeli vassal state before i was born or anything , stuff is going to change like so much !, 
  i might have to wait a few more months before i replace my 60 '' tv with a bigger one !, 
  no problem . 
  its not really mainstream politics that im talking about , its more about younger activist types . 
  feminists , animal rights activists and other types of social liberals form bonds with communists and anarcho-communists because of `` common enemies '' . 
  i have a friend that is a fan of old school marxism and it drives him crazy lol . 
  but also , nazis = bad , of course . 
  but in germany for instance , swastikas are illegal , soviet symbols arent . 
  lol keep telling yourself that while africa shits its own pants . 
  im not crying about anything , life is great . 
  8 % of the population and the whole world still cries about imperialism lololol, 
  lol go cry over shit hole african countries some more you faggot lol, 
  thats not what im talking about , i apologize for not being more clear . 
  the left in america will embrace and/or ignore communists while screaming at republicans for being war mongers and fascists etc. 
  i know what it means , people who call themselves `` liberals '' here are usually doing it wrong . 
  ( social liberalism is still liberalism but whatever ) thats why i used quotation marks for `` liberals '' ... 
  i never said they cant have freedom , im just saying they dont get criticized at all . 
  i havent seen anywhere in europe or n america where communists get any shit from the public for being communists , despite the genocidal track record of communist regimes . 
  very odd . 
  26 years ago and people still act like communists are just `` liberals '', 
  because of its militant nature im guessing ? 
  my point is that they are flying that flag because of its nationalist ties , not because they want to ethnically cleanse anyone . 
  svoboda has 36 seats in ukraine parliament and have been active in the protests . 
  ( a `` fascist '' organization that takes part in democracy ? ), 
  if the left and the right share the same goals and wish to work out their own problems as a nation without outside influence , then why slander them ? 
  then how can modern nationalists be blamed for genocide when they have done nothing to ukraine ? 
  anarchists are almost always affiliated with communists , usually calling themselves `` red anarchists '' , a lot of good communism has done for ukraine right ? 
  nice circlejerk . 
  such bravery, 
   some second-generation immigrants integrate fully , some integrate less than their parents . 
  `` some '' . 
  you made a generalization similar to mine , you just worded it differently . 
  the phrase `` tend to '' doesnt mean they all do it . 
  they have a tendency to do it . 
  i didnt say they all do it . 
  if they wanted to assimilate they would , its usually because they dont want to . 
  many immigrants came from places that had immigrants that their own people probably treated rudely , they know being in a foreign land has its downsides . 
  thats because those people still tend to separate themselves from society instead of assimilating . 
  yet everyone in europe seems so happy with muslims brutalizing their own people that you just open the flood gates for them . 
  gypsies !, 
  right , so we also turn the other cheek when a man beats his wife/daughters or attacks people on the street because of his `` deeply held beliefs '' . 
  no , i stated that reported crimes do not equal actual crimes . 
  because the amount of reported crimes varies from year to year ? 
  reported crime =\\ = actual crime, 
  migrants may be good for large companies that want to exploit their labor , but its usually bad news for the lower/middle class . 
  come on now guys !, 
  i thought europe was all about opening their doors to help poor refugees !, 
  i know , i was joking . 
  a step in the right direction for dealing with gypsies !, 
  thank you !, 
  i never said that . 
  you are assuming that gd is attacking instead of defending . 
  that wont prevent anything . 
  they should continue to prosecute them if they commit crimes instead of criminalizing them based on association and ideology . 
  yet people have no problem generalizing gd members , they also have genuine hardworking people among their ranks . 
  gd gets into fights with foreigners and people assume they attacked them for no reason , they ignore situations where foreigners are causing trouble . 
  why does everyone always assume that foreigners are always completely innocent ? 
  during the 90s there were quite a few turkish gangs that would terrorize people in germany , but it never made big news until far right groups fought back and then the far right groups were called criminals for doing so . 
  yet you are implying, 
  jokes !, 
  superior genes, 
  hungary is considered part of eastern europe . 
  we were all `` monkeys '' at one point ... 
  i make a joke and now im an asshole , isnt that nice . 
  that 's cute . 
  get out of the street protester , you 're not a car . 
  isolated incident , extremely small extremist minority , fringe element etc. . . 
  the us is currently to blame considering the ridiculous amount if foreign aid given to israel . 
  you are really splitting hairs on this , i did n't mean to imply that i was purely talking about the governments of the uk/us . 
  until the nation of israel was created there was no such thing as an israeli . 
  funding/support for israel was from 100 % foreign sources and jews from the uk/us had a huge share of it . 
  i said `` funding '' , not primary responsibility for existence . 
  do you think that jews just had an idea and walked into palestine empty handed and got what they wanted ? 
  there were several uk banks that funded israeli settlements . 
  they had huge support from the west , from jews and christians .
