  considered maybe for a year or something , but canada would be my choice in north america . 
  it just seems more my thing , and a lot of scots mass emigrated to canada years ago so i guess it 's not that uncommon, 
  i also call them cash machines . 
  i 'd avoid the uk for a bit , bit mental here just now . 
  probably no , unless you 're talking to them they would n't notice anyway . 
  `` i 'm back from the chippy - better get the plates out ! '', 
  doner kebab , or just a sausage supper if it 's just a normal chippy . 
  yep , scottish . 
  we always have it on robert burns night , but of course throughout the year . 
  that 's the main ` cuisine ' we 're famous for , as well as deep fried everything , munchie boxes , and supposedly tikka masala . 
  haggis , neeps and tatties . 
  it 's just simple , traditional mashed potatoes and mashed turnip , with haggis . 
  sometimes i 'll put carrots through the turnip as well . 
  [ picture ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:haggis,_neeps_an_tatties.jpg ), 
  well this is a thread of downvotes . 
  i think the problem is it 's really hard to judge . 
  the more common things like depression are generally seen better , however there 's always some people that react like `` what have they to be sad about ? '', 
  or `` they just need to pick themselves up . '', 
  type stuff . 
  less common ones tend to be less well received , definite stigma . 
  oh okay , he 's polish and i assumed his parents were too , but possibly not . 
  quick question , but is stanis\u0142aw said the same as stanislaus ? 
  it 's my dad 's name so i was wondering , thanks . 
  in the uk it is the norm to get asked how you want your steak cooked , but a burger is mince meat and so is just cooked ` until it 's done ' . 
  glass-cow is giving me shivers from those american kids that wanted to come over and reinvent glasgow . 
  oh , and the cities are said like `` edin-burra '' and `` glaz-go '' . 
  plays : phillip pullman : `` his dark materials '' shakespeare : `` macbeth '' arthur miller : the crucible '' novels : j.k. rowling : harry potter and the philosophers stone nicola morgan : mondays are red poems : several william blake ones , like visiting hour . 
  i know we read many more novels and poems but i just ca n't remember them . 
  edit : catcher in the rye too . 
  could n't give a flying fuck about trump and europe unless he somehow ends up elected , so i 'll wait until then . 
  i think they were asking more about the mindset for something considered as part of dessert , but on bread . 
  never , only offices are required to have air conditioning . 
  everywhere else from homes to shops just have windows . 
  jesus , that road is gigantic . 
  never have i seen a more luxurious bike lane that was still attached to the road . 
  everything from the bottle or can , unless its shots then obviously shot glasses . 
  random cups and glasses from around the flat for stuff like rum and coke . 
  only on bonfire night , 5th november . 
  camp fires other times , by no bonfires apart from that . 
  most people wo n't give too fucks really . 
  he 's just another american politician . 
  we 'd probably care more if he becomes president and therefore relevant . 
  yep , i walked to school every day . 
  for daily life , i cycle everywhere pretty much - only walk if i 'm going with someone or drinking . 
  to see family , i cycle to the train station , get on the train , and then cycle a bit from there . 
  yep , basically public transport . 
  the cars are more efficient yes , but we generally can get the bus/train to work . 
  i have never even felt the need to own a car . 
  haggis , neeps and tatties - especially with rabbie burns night on the 25th of janurary . 
  it 's haggis which is tasty , the kids that eat food on youtube without knowing what it is loved it , neeps are swede/turnip , and potatoes . 
  another scottish take here , but he 's generally seen as a complete twat . 
  i do n't know why he keeps getting so much attention , it 's like with katie hopkins - stop feeding the troll . 
  it terrifies me that people take him seriously . 
  scotsman here . 
  it 's a bit hit or miss . 
  in more ` alternative ' circles , mostly music related and such , there are lots . 
  a bunch of guys have the bun thing now too , or the ponytail with shaved sides , and i 've seen plenty working in shops . 
  rather popular now . 
  not sure about professional jobs though . 
  if you keep spirits in your drawer at work , then you 're an alcoholic . 
  i do n't mean ceos with the whisky on the sideboard , i mean where its forbidden and they have it anyway . 
  looking at you ms philp you miserable hag . 
  having a few beers every night , no big deal . 
  actually getting drunk near every night then yes . 
  drunk often through the day definitely . 
  edinburgh is decent i 'd say . 
  lots of green spaces , and the city is surrounded by them itself i.e. 
  a lot of pubs allow dogs too , my local brings out a water bowl of dogs come in . 
  the first one is n't edinburgh of that 's what you mean , but regardless it really does . 
  i just posted mine here . 
  terraced houses so neighbours right next door , then tenement flats so neighbours all around . 
  i 'd love to play loud music . 
  grew up in a house like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/t8glngd ) , moved out to study at univeristy in flats like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/7blwqen ), 
  most people have detached homes ? 
  so jealous . 
  that particular scene was great . 
  that video as a whole though ? 
  interesting ... 
  the only high street shops we have left are poundland/poundworld , betting shops , and fucking vaporized . 
  they 're everywhere . 
  also every corner shop now sells some ecigs , and liquids for them . 
  it 's my favourite fizzy drink , along with irn bru and tango . 
  i 've seen a tropical flavor , and maybe lemon and lime but no blue ones . 
  hopefully so !, 
  me too , i 'm in britain though :(, 
  did you start this list and realise you 've never looked at your daughters feet at home ? 
  socks with slippers . 
  ca n't be going barefoot , feet get cold immediately . 
  everywhere has deprived areas , to some degree . 
  top 10 most deprived areas in the country are from glasgow city , paisley , north lanarkshire , and edinburgh . 
  [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-37230405 ) here 's an interactive map , speaks for itself really : http://simd.scot/2016/#/simd2016/btttftt/11/-2.9121/56.4690/, 
  i think a lot of coastal places have turned out like that . 
  jaywick in essex for example is a coastal village that 's one of the most deprived in england . 
  aberdonians are sheep shaggers . 
  here 's a wee tune about it from a rangers vs aberdeen football perspective : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwqmpfge5sm, 
  i think there is a caveat , such as it 's bad luck if it crosses your path or goes under your ladder . 
  generally seeing a black cat has always been good luck where i live though . 
  i feel like my family are the only ones with my surname in my country . 
  so less than 10 , about 6 . 
  apparently `` approximately 851 people bear this surname '' in the world .
