luckily my tap water is very clean so i do n't have to worry about that . 
  also , have your tea however you want , we 're just taking the piss . 
  i ca n't imagine the microwave makes it tastes great though . 
  i typically use yorkshire tea , buy it on deal so its about 0.5 pence per teabag . 
  price of boiling the kettle is n't that much either . 
  i steep the shit out of it , most people tend to just leave the bag in a couple minutes but i squeeze the tea bag within an inch of its life . 
  bag in cup , almost boiling water on top , stir , and wait . 
  squeeze bag against side of cup , bin , and then add milk . 
  rein in wankiness - use a kettle . 
  even if the tea has gone cold and you use a microwave to heat it up , it 's terrible . 
  have to use water straight from the kettle . 
  oh , and wanker is said like this https://youtu.be/_fcyjgidaxk?t=8s, 
  just to further confirm , definite wanker . 
  i tend to have a cup of freeze dried cheap coffee in the mornings , with milk . 
  at all other points in the day i have tea though . 
  tig and variations like backwards tig , british bulldogs , hide and seek , zombies , football , climb the school wall and see how long it takes for the playground adults ( forgot what they 're called , not teachers ) to notice . 
  slides as well , if it was icy you could get a proper one but with a steep enough muddy hill you could make a mud slide . 
  same , did n't even know it was happening . 
  i just found out now that angela merkel is n't the president . 
  sweet . 
  [ dougie maclean - caledonia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp8a9rtg0ii ) it 's just such a lovely song . 
  so many amazing songs , but this is just ` special ' . 
  if that 's a bit stock , there 's always this beast . 
  kfc !, 
  [ cerebral bore - 24 year party dungeon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwfkxzwc6bw ), 
  oh , that last sentence makes a compulsory vote less pointless for the people that do n't want to . 
  i thought it was a case of forcing people to vote for someone , even if they did n't really want to support them . 
  thanks . 
  i know people who do n't vote , and that 's their choice . 
  in particular one person i know does n't subscribe to party politics , so being forced to vote for a party would n't make sense . 
  also , compulsory voting but only 90 % turnouts ? 
  do the other 10 % get fined or something ? 
  a good 80 %, 
  they 'll occasionally put in a bike lane for 20 metres or so , so it appears there 's some cycling infrastructure . 
  but you 're constantly out of them because cars are parked there , and they 'll just stop without warning . 
  potholes are always horrendous at the edge of the road so its near impossible to even stay there , ir god forbid the massive dip for drains . 
   scot-irish immigrants , moonshine , overalls , mines , poverty shite , it follows us to the us . 
  slippers all the way . 
  shoes off . 
  wipe shoes on the doormat then take them off . 
  if its your own house , you 'll probably put slippers on , or shoes you just wear inside . 
  otherwise just socks . 
  i never just have bare feet because its usually cold , but some people do . 
  established a terrible sleeping pattern since time off , staying up to 5am . 
  i plan to fix it in the new year . 
  that was first to mind for me . 
  also northern ireland given recent events , or even the republic we get on with . 
  load of pish . 
  i like henning wehn , the only real german comedian i 've seen though . 
  you 're 1 for 1 !, 
  i played the shit out of the first few tomb raider games and never got into it properly again since angel of darkness , but really legend . 
  it 's the first game i ever got all 1000 gamerscore for on the xbox . 
  gta : san andreas and elder scrolls iii : morrowind . 
  so many others deserve mention like metal gear solid 2 , tony hawk pro skater 2 vice city , fable : the lost chapters , tomb raider i , halo 3 , mass effect 1 , witcher 3 ... 
  generally , yes . 
  bit rainy , and i 'd rather more snow in winter . 
  scottish summer is a bit too hot for me , but temperatures for the rest of the year are good ( if the heating 's on in the winter ) . 
  if someone did , they 'd be considered a serious fanatic . 
  never seen it myself , only in films ( and not ones from this country ) . 
  yep . 
  there 's a usa themed diner near me with the fixed stalls and stuff , lots of restaurants like the filling station , and independents here 's one that even has usa flags : https://encrypted.google.com/maps/@55.9440976,-3.2027931,3a,89.8y,18.26h,92.75t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1su80ah1sxp0eytc0n-xkmbg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en, 
  was visiting my uncle in niddrie and the day before his entire flat got tanned . 
  he essentially had nothing left , could n't even make us a cup of tea . 
  i ca n't say how rough it is , but impoverished it definitely is . 
  could be london , or the uk in general . 
  yep same thing here , does n't really matter . 
  [ bolt ya nugget ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scnlfr1ep08 ) seriously though , this is a pretty popular one that people tend to like . 
  [ caledonia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp8a9rtg0ii ), 
  the main franchise place i can think of is `` the filling station '' which is american themed and has plenty of stuff on the menu i know from american tv . 
  also `` ed 's easy diner '' which is 1950s themed american diner . 
  never been to either though . 
  there 's lots of little , one off places , that advertise american cuisine . 
  mostly burgers and the like . 
  looking out my window , black , silver , red , grey . 
  bear in mind the festival is on , unless that 's what you 're coming for . 
  the central area will be really busy . 
  did one for edinburgh . 
  the max/min are just mean temps so do n't show highest/lowest recorded , just an average . 
  scotland : accurate : a lot of people do drink a lot and live off unhealthy foods like fry ups . 
  inaccurate : we do n't hate the english , just have a ` fun ' rivalry . 
  some folk take it too far , and division is particularly strong politically , but generally it 's not too serious . 
  also of note , kilts pretty much only worn at weddings and the like , and gingers are a minority . 
  we do that in scotland too , put kebab meat on top of a pizza , or xhips . 
  you can also get a donner calzone , which is basically kebab meat inside a folded over pizza . 
  yeah i definitely have this issue . 
  i feel like unless i 'm very fluent i 'll look a fool or may as well just try speak english . 
  maybe people do n't mind as much as i think ... 
  i just remember a song we were shown . 
  it 's this one [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsqrkzcytqg ) . 
  i last did history 8 or so years ago , but i 'd have to find an old jotter or worksheet to have any idea . 
  i never picked history as a subject , but all the stuff i remember is scottish history like the battle of bannockburn and stuff . 
  ca n't remember having done anything about the british empire . 
  never heard of those names you mentioned . 
  something else about istanbul being constantinople too . 
  pretty good . 
  firefighters just seen as good guys , never see them much and if i do they 're on a job so you would n't really chat with them when they 're busy . 
  police are a mixed bag - you can have a conversation with them , ask what 's going on ( i tend to only see them when some crime or something has happened ) . 
  you still would n't go out of your way to get involved though , just as little interaction as possible . 
  not being involved is just easier . 
  if they 're on duty as security though you can have a chat with them and what have you , or just somewhere you 're not worried about being implicated .
