  i checked forebears.io - if there are other sites that tell you surname info let me know . 
  bowl of wheat flakes and whole milk . 
  i never get breakfast from outside . 
  i 'm so bad at mornings i have to get up at the exact limit of becoming late . 
  no way i could factor in getting up earlier than i need to go to somewhere , even on the way . 
  if mass effect and other games taught me anything , then no we would n't team up . 
  the enemy will continue fighting you rather than focus on the real threat . 
  fucking cerberus , reapers are invading . 
  aint got time for your shit . 
  never studied of mice and men , i just thought it was a band . 
  we did macbeth from shakespeare , arthur miller etc. 
  i know beamer mostly for embarrassed - red face . 
  i 'll try learn from your mistakes . 
  im in no rush , and do n't plan on moving somewhere i 've never been or experienced . 
  yeah , comparatively i hear a lot worse of other places though . 
  yep , my grandparents are polish so i 'm naturally interested in eastern europe . 
  glad it worked out well in the end !, 
  i always liked the netherlands . 
  i never see anything bad about it , and it seems like a sensible country . 
  i cycle everyday too so would be nice to try proper infrastructure . 
  certainly will . 
  i never considered leaving britain my entire life until a few years ago , so even the idea of it is new to me . 
  interesting to consider my options . 
  i 've only thought of an idealised version so far , excluding family/friends , money , etc. 
  how did your moves go , end up with what you expected ? 
  somewhere like germany , although i have by no means looked at all my options . 
  humouring myself really . 
  just on a country wide level there seems to be increasing division , brexit will fuck everything up , and i like to think there are other places more in line with somewhere i want to live . 
  somewhere i 'm not becoming ashamed of . 
  britain here . 
  need i say more ? 
  this country is going to shit , i see myself emigrating soon . 
  yorkshire gold . 
  i 'd eat the shit out of that . 
  who knows if it actually tastes good , but it looks good . 
  yep !, 
  used it for making chips ( and occasionally fish ) . 
  i 've not used it for years as we got an actifry which means we do n't have to use loads of oil . 
  that said people said it wastes oil . 
  my mum always left the oil in and used it again - it goes a solid yellowey white in the meantime . 
  81 % , not too bad . 
  http://imgur.com/a/szloq i thought i 'd be better , but then realised i knew the state names and generally their capitals - but not exactly where they are ... stuff like minnesota and arkansas i have no idea because i never hear of anything from there . 
  oh and i did actually know where washington was because i want to visit there and oregon , i just mis-clicked . 
  oh yeah i forgot about that one . 
  to me america is most likely the us but not necessarily always , whereas the americas is always the continents . 
  i think any context people understand americans as from the us . 
  if someone says ` going to america ' though , i would n't necessarily assume the us although that could likely be where they 're going . 
  basically americans = people , america = two continents - to me at least . 
  certainly in some aspects . 
  haha i know . 
  i love all the english people i know , and also share a flat with one . 
  it 's just the political entity as a whole i 'm not a fan of . 
  the fact that their politics overpower the rest of the country , to give us the tories and brexit . 
  yours is still nicer . 
  i got [ really strong florida ] ( https://nyti.ms/2sotipv ) , the fuck ? 
  i mean fair enough hawaii is pretty red but still . 
  not sure what that 's about , though it may be because i 'm not sure what some words were . 
  like grass in the middle of the road , i put traffic island but actually not used to seeing grass in those . 
  is it a median ? 
  fuck knows . 
  still game . 
  to you . . 
  gstq is terrible , and also implies you are religious and a fan of the monarchy . 
  i am neither so can not get behind this song . 
  unless you think of it as `` we wo n't save her , better hope the imaginary person in the sky does . '', 
  the monarchy is going nowhere soon though , most people are a fan of the royals or just do n't care about them enough . 
  depends how you 're brought up . 
  i was brought up in scotland to a scottish parent and polish parent . 
  if i spent time in poland and learned their customs , i 'd consider myself part polish like you i suppose . 
  especially if i knew both languages . 
  i have n't though , so i just identify as scottish . 
  scottish nationality , half scottish half polish heritage . 
  if i were in your shoes i 'd be much more likely to say half norwegian , half danish . 
  typical `` where are you from ? '', 
  questions would still just be norway though . 
  anything beyond parents is n't really considerable from my eyes , unless you 're raised to those cultures again . 
  pranks , often involving making a mess like with eggs or flour , as well as filling condoms up with water and bouncing them around the school . 
  also jumping in the swimming pool ( if it 's a community high school ) . 
  that kind of stuff . 
  also drink , but that tends to be a separate event in the woods or something . 
  ( a lot of people underage ) then of course continue on to not get a job . 
  from a reservoir , to a treatment plant , to my house . 
  we have soft water , with no chalk ever presenting itself in washing machines , shower heads , etc. 
  according to a pdf produced by scottish water , it has 5.45 mg of calcium per litre , 0.95 mg magnesium per litre , and `` hardness as mg/l caco3 '' of 17.50 . 
  so the last one is chalk , so 17.75 mg/l of chalk must not be too bad for showers and stuff . 
  weird that i looked this up , but i never thought to check before . 
  kinda interesting . 
  source : http://www.scottishwater.co.uk/you-and-your-home/water-quality/waterqualitysearch, 
   i 've always found this sort of patriotism very cringey i know what you mean . 
  i was watching a lecture at a us university and there was just a massive flag on a flagpole at the left of the blackboards . 
  what on earth ? 
  it 's indoors and ca n't even fly . 
  samhuinn and beltane are widely celebrated in my city , and my pagan friends also celebrate privately . 
  across the u.k. in general they 're not a big deal , but still seen here and there . 
  had mayonnaise with my dinner tonight . 
  i mean they were n't french fries , they were chunky chips , but i 'd still have mayonnaise with french fries . 
  i was taught the exact same , but we just called it joined up writing . 
  we had to do paragraphs , as well as just doing a letter the whole way along a line . 
  i was n't taught a dash , but now do a dash to distinguish between 7 and 1 when writing fast maths . 
  i also do the same for z to distinguish from a 2 .
