this looks surreal . 
  it seems people have stopped thinking about ukraine for a few weeks now . 
  plenty of jokes about arabs and blacks , maybe not on reddit , but go to a party with french people mixed with immigrants and erasmus students , and it 's flying from both sides . 
  ca n't take a joke for shit it seems . 
  maybe you 're new to / r/europe , but jokes like this about any country are normal here . 
  you 'd be lucky to find someone with a tricolor pillow . 
  or a tricolor towel or some shit . 
  we do n't throw the flag around . 
  it 's big but not in term of measurment in that case for me . 
  when i say `` you 're a big idiot '' , i do n't mean that you 're fat and also an idiot , i mean that you are very stupid . 
  a gros thon means you are very ugly more than anything . 
  you could talk about a skinny girl and say that she is a gros thon . 
  that 's stupid as hell in my opinion . 
  we have / r/france for that , on / r/europe , we speak english , end of the line . 
  if we want to make inside jokes from time to time to mock dirty foreigner ( especially those mangeurs de rosbeef ) , that 's cool . 
  writing your comments in both language is both unnecessary and tedious to read , even as a french . 
  gun laws yeah , but i do n't know anyone that want a gun here in france except hunters . 
  people do n't care here , the situation is way different . 
  the gun laws might be different , but the gun boner is very strong in the us , not in france . 
  without farmers , a lot of food in your plate would disappear , especially if your country rely on itself for meat and vegetables . 
  i know that a lot of fruits in france come from spain or morocco , but meat from charal and the like are produced in france if i 'm not mistaken . 
  yep . 
  i worked in a apple farm ( ? ) . 
  the price of those apple was 0.64 $ for a kilo of apple . 
  he sold them to a supermarket , than then proceeded to sold them at around twice the price . 
  some of those apples were so cheap he was losing money by farming them . 
  yeah farmers gave the food for those animals . 
  vegetables ? 
  farmers . 
  now what . 
  if by taking care of the children you mean blurring out titties but leaving in violent deaths and the like . 
  and great britain . 
  and that french guy that first tried stopping him . 
  caf\u00e9 are full of english people . 
  even low level bistrots need people speaking english to communicate with the groups of british . 
  hell you ca n't walk 10 meters on the c\u00f4te d'azur without walking by a group of englishmen taking pictures . 
  if you 're a brit and you think british people do n't want to visit france , you 're unaware of what 's going on around you , go outside and talk to people . 
  except for all the brits visiting the country every summer and buying houses in the south yeah ? 
  the young people i know are pretty cynical about france , and being a `` raleur '' , someone that complains a lot , is like a national sport for us . 
  that 's why there 's strikes every now and then . 
  you know the stereotypes about us being whiners and almost depressed about our own country ? 
  yeah it 's not far from the truth . 
  since proud is in english , how would your joke make sense ? 
  it 's like saying fierrosbeef sounds like a super english nationalistic name . 
  where did i defend it ? 
  i just explained the thing further as it 's explained in french on his page , and not everyone can read french . 
  from his page it was more a challenge than a prank in itself , people challenged him to do hit and he films himself doing it . 
  funny thing , the people in his comments are absolutely destroying him for doing that one ( some of them are muslims ) , saying that he should n't mix religion and his pranks , that it was tasteless and that he destroyed property , etc. 
  some of the people living here deserves what 's happening , when you evade taxes like it 's a hobby you share your part of responsibilities . 
  i feel for the guy , what happening is tough . 
  the european union is far from being all clear in that story either . 
  how about we stop living in a black and white world and both entities takes their responsibility and their blame like grown ups ? 
  anyone can fuck right off if they vote and feel like they do n't belong here . 
  no problem for me , i 'd like to see how they fare without the rest of france helping them . 
  it 's funny how people are quick to point out a selection bias , yet if that study showed that muslims in germany all hated homosexuals they would n't say anything because it would confirm their own bias . 
  the title of this thread was offered to you by k maro , start learning franglais today !, 
  unemployment has nothing to do with the beaujolais being shit , we will have attacks as long as we do n't raise the quality of our product . 
  the price of bread is rising , that 's the first cause . 
  second is the beaujolais nouveau getting worse every year which create tensions in our society . 
  it 's not paris without a few barricades , it would feel a bit empty . 
  well looking at my flair , you 'll know the answer . 
  the stereotype of french smoking cigarettes is going strong among young people , it 's not unusual for me to go to a party and see that there is 1 or 2 non smoker out of 10 + people . 
  for example go to an highschool during a break and you 'll see tons of people smoking outside . 
  did you delete that comment yourself or did the mod ? 
  i ca n't find it anymore, 
  well i upvoted the first joke , no idea if i downvoted the one after . 
  you should look for the other two guys that downvoted you as well , call in the gestapo or something . 
  or just another frenchmen , we pretty good at helping you with that . 
  edit : maybe i did n't find your joke funny, 
  this one refers more to the fact that french are considered as snobbish assholes . 
  hey i 'm in that picture . 
  i did took the joke . 
  edit : you took a screenshot from a 2 month old post to post it later ? 
  why ? 
  he is well known because his famousness goes beyond basketball . 
  lot of people can tell you who he is but not that many know which club he played with , etc. 
  yes you could but that does n't make this one in particular false is n't it ? 
  so he was n't wrong . 
  the article is in french , and the guy is translating its title for you and then translating part of the article . 
  downvote it and post your own version of the article in english if that 's so bad . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  a lot of people think france is a shithole , full of rude and smelly people and all that . 
  i 'm having a blast here and i 'm glad my family came here instead of herding goats in the fucking desert , so yeah france is actually pretty cool , we 're very keen on criticizing ourselves though and that 's not a bad thing . 
  you think the chicken you eat at your local kfc is treated better than the animals we use for foie gras ? 
  yes the algerian government is corrupt , that was my point . 
  europe is getting the better of the deal , with the help of some of the higher ups in algeria , that 's a continuation of fucking over africa . 
  and that was part of my point , as i said europe is not entirely to blame in that . 
  europe and the world biggest superpowers perfectly knows what they are doing in there , they have no reason to stop ripping them off . 
  edit : `` they do n't really matter when we are talking african coloniez '' alright maybe i missed the part where south africa is not a thing anymore , maybe the whole italian libya too , you 're right they do n't matter at all . 
  nothing to see here . 
  not seeing that , you 'll have to explain that one to me . 
  when i 'm writing europe , it 's europe , the big superpowers , you wanted me to write them one by one ? 
  because you forgot spain , italy , the netherland too , forgot about them ? 
  you wanted me to make a list of every single country that had influence on africa ? 
  holy shit you win i should have made a list instead of saying europe ( which i used because basically every major power in western europe did fucked africa over and over again ) , sleep well tonight . 
  and do n't think that i was just talking about the slave trade , just ask an algerian guy where does the money from all their resources go and watch him tell you that the people of algeria are not seeing the money . 
  what does your comment bring to the discussion ? 
  you just wanted to throw your country into it to show it does not concern you ? 
  here have a medal , remember that your country participated in the slave trade . 
  europe has a hard time taking refugees from a continent they fucked over and over again .
