i 'm worried about his remarks regarding isolationism from nato . 
  nato is very important and must remain as strong as possible . 
  but you are right , we are weary of all these years of `` propping up the rest of the world '' . 
  but i have faith , because i have noticed that france , germany , the uk , and a few others have really stepped up their presence on the world stage , and i welcome their newly increased involvement in global affairs . 
  i did n't vote for trump , in fact i 'm one of the many who are angry today , but i do have to say that in a few areas you are correct in what you said . 
  sadly , you 're correct . 
  we do n't even vote in presidential elections , not even when the future of the country and all that is good is on the line . 
  trump won fewer votes than the last four losing candidates - he only won because democrats did n't vote . 
  actually , there is no law regarding what entities must be present at an inauguration , nor is it legally required that the swearing-in be done on a bible . 
  these factors are determined depending on the president 's own religion - for example , jfk 's inauguration was done mostly by catholic priests and cardinals . 
  if a president were jewish , they 'd swear on the torah and the inauguration would be done by rabbis . 
  if a president were an atheist , the inauguration could be performed by whatever entity the president deems appropriate , and the swearing-in could be done with no book present at all . 
  we * do * have separation of church and state ; it just so happens that every president so far has been a christian and has thus have all been sworn in on bibles . 
  it 's not law that they do that - the government is not allowed to make such a law * because * of separation of church and state . 
  edit : another fellow american a few posts down mentioned that john quincy adams and theodore roosevelt both refused to be sworn in on bibles . 
  from a purely militaristic standpoint , the us won every single battle they engaged in in vietnam . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  look up each individual battle of the vietnam war and tell me who won . 
  spoiler : it was the usa . 
  the problem with vietnam , though , is that we * were n't fighting a military . 
  * we were n't at war against any particular country or army . 
  we were at war against communism . 
  communism is an idea . 
  and the thing about ideas is that it does n't matter how many bullets you fire , how many bombs you drop , or how many enemy combatants you kill - once an idea catches on , there 's no stopping it . 
  and the more you try to fight past that point , the stronger that idea becomes . 
  ideas can only be fought with opposing ideas , which requires winning hearts and minds , and you ca n't win hearts and minds when you 're busy spattering people 's hearts and minds all over the countryside . 
  that 's where we went wrong . 
  we engaged in a war that could n't be won with weapons no matter how hard we tried . 
  we went in with brute force and kicked the shit out of everyone for having an idea we did n't agree with - and when has that approach ever worked ? 
  when have you ever gotten your ass kicked and went `` wow , it 's all clear to me now , that guy was right '' ? 
  it does n't work on the personal level , and it does n't work on the international level either . 
  vietnam was our rude welcome to modern warfare , our lesson that sometimes your best just simply is n't good enough . 
  that 's what happens when you fight ideas instead of people and then act like they 're the same damn thing . 
  america invades . 
  america wins the initial invasion . 
  america occupies . 
  americans get sent to europe to run the occupation . 
  americans get so enchanted with the food and culture that they end up loving it . 
  americans return home from deployment and go `` you know what ? 
  we should be more like europe ! '', 
  america slowly turns into europe . 
  europe silently wins by undermining the enemy and winning hearts and minds . 
  victory to europe . 
   near-german here ( dutch ) - i grew up learning to duck under a schoolbench in case of atomic attack . 
  reunification ceased the need for that as it became clear the cold war was over . 
  that more or less aligns with my dad 's experience here in the usa . 
  he grew up mostly in the 1950s and 1960s , he had to do those `` duck and cover '' drills as well . 
  he always refused to do them ; he once told a teacher that if we 're going to get nuked , and it was close enough to have to duck , he 'd die from radiation anyway and at least wanted to sit comfortably to die , so he did n't want his ass in the air getting burned by the blast . 
  the teacher had no idea how to respond to that , and so she let him opt out !, 
   we threw a street party for our german neighbour who had family in the east . 
  later turned out his uncle and cousins had all died :( aw , that 's sad ... what happened to them , if i may ask ? 
  was it related to the unrest in the east ? 
   something also regarding the original question : it 's the experience to enter a shop , like a large department store ( gum in moscow or centrum warenhaus in berlin ) , which only carries a selection of maybe 10 different goods ( with one being flags of the communist party , another one glas ashtrays and so on ... ) . 
  i 've heard stories about the lackluster nature of stores in the soviet bloc . 
  my favorite is when [ boris yeltsin visited a supermarket in the usa during a visit to texas ] ( http://blog.chron.com/thetexican/2014/04/when-boris-yeltsin-went-grocery-shopping-in-clear-lake/ ) - he said that if the soviets ever saw a store like that , there would be a revolution !, 
   another story - in the hotel i asked if they had kaviar ( after all , i was in russia , it 's like asking a texan if they have steak , right ? 
  so when he said it would cost some money i gave him 10 ( or 20 ? ), 
  dm , what i had in my wallet . 
  i got a whole bucket of kaviar . 
  the western money certainly did end up in the pocket of the waiter ... after reading this i decided to read about the [ deutsche mark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_mark ) to learn roughly what its value was , but then i found this in the [ section about reunification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_mark#german_reunification ) :  france and the united kingdom were opposed to german reunification , and attempted to influence the soviet union to stop it . 
  however , in late 1989 france extracted german commitment to the monetary union in return for support for german reunification . 
  this is the first i 've heard about any opposition to reunification by nato countries . 
  i have to wonder , what was their reason for opposing reunification , if you know ? 
  was it purely for economic reasons , or did they fear political tensions as well ? 
  wow , this is such an amazing answer . 
  exactly the kind of thing i was looking for !, 
  thank you so much for sharing this . 
   the situation grew visibly out of control for the ddr government and ** everyone was afraid they would choose the `` chinese solution '' ** - the tiannenment square massacre was months away . 
  there was in '54 a revolt , which was shot down by soviet troops . 
  and indeed we know now that the government had asked the soviets to step in , who thankfully rejected this . 
  they could not use their own soldiers as in a small country of 15mio they would literally have to shoot their own parents and brothers . 
  ** i ca n't remember knowing anyone , who thought the whole thing would end positively like this . 
  ** in modern american media on the subject , it 's always portrayed as a somewhat happy occasion , but i have always been skeptical of that and have suspected exactly what you said . 
  knowing how the soviet union was , and especially in its desperation toward the end , i would have been very surprised if people in the east were n't paralyzed with fear . 
  was anyone afraid that this could spark a wider war that might have gone nuclear ? 
   a personal anecdote : i missed the actual event in berlin by a few hours . 
  i was in west berlin , visiting a friend and left by line-bus the evening . 
  the actual events took place late at night . 
  we had already left berlin and drove on the transit when before the west german border we went into a traffic jam . 
  a traffic jam , of east german cars . 
  that was unheard of as they very rarely drove this road and there were few cars in east germany anyway . 
  we were all very much confused until the bus driver switched on the radio and we heard about the event in berlin . 
  the normal 3-4 hour trip took twice as much time and my parents were very anxious as they heard about the events in berlin and the bus just did n't arrive back in hannover . 
  ( that was pre-mobile-phone times ;-) ) . 
  that 's incredibly interesting !, 
  must have been a surprise to see that !, 
  where were the east german cars going ? 
  did most of them have family in the west , perhaps ? 
   it started optimistically , but during the 90s germany realised it was a big project to integrate the east , cost wise , but also socially both countries had grown apart a bit . 
  there was a big brain drain of young people moving to the west and at the same time many managers , judges and similar where there was a lack of in the ddr or which was politically linked with the regime , which was seen as a takeover by the east germans . 
  i 've heard about that . 
  it 's natural that a country divided for generations will become different , but when you remove all the doctors , judges , and professionals , that only deepens and accelerates the divide . 
  the usa still has not entirely healed its divide from its civil war , way back in 1861-1865 !, 
  i ca n't imagine how much the east and west german cultures had evolved apart from each other over half a century ...  germany still suffers from the divide , it is slowly getting better at some places . 
  that does not surprise me at all . 
  i wish your nation luck in the future as you continue to bridge the gap . 
  that being said , is there any discrimination between former east and west germans ? 
  how common is this today , and how bad did it used to be back in the 90 's ? 
   there is so much to say about it - what do you want o know specifically ? 
  i think you 've given me a great and thorough answer - i just had a few small questions above , but other than that , i ca n't think of anything else specifically .
