if only i had known that i 'm an nra propagandist , i should be collecting a check rather than sending one !, 
  i 'll get right on the phone with wayne lapierre and correct this issue . 
  you have still not touched on the numbers i listed . 
  if i am correct in saying that it would take 2,000 years of american homicide to equal what the national socialists did in 12 , is n't that an incredible argument for an armed populace just on the numbers alone ? 
  that is a good question , please see my other response for a more detailed look at my reasoning . 
  valid questions . 
  i am taking the [ fbi statistics ] ( https://www.quandl.com/data/fbi/weapons11-us-murders-by-weapon-type ) for 2014 ( 8,124 firearm homicides ) and inflating them by about 24 % to get 10,000 . 
  this gives some extra leeway to those opposed to firearm ownership , and makes the numbers easier . 
  the use the figures for the nazi death toll i use [ professor rummel 's ] ( https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/nazis.chap1.htm ) figures . 
  the late rummel spent a significant time researching democide , or death by government . 
  he puts the nazi death toll as between 15 - 31 million people , settling on the likely figure of 21 million ` undesirables ' . 
  the same professor puts the chinese death toll at [ 76 million ] ( https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/note2.htm ) and the soviet slaughter at [ 62 million people ] ( https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/note4.htm ) . 
  it is important to note these figures do not include people lost in war , save for pow 's who were murdered in captivity . 
   and have you considered that the government may instead just use tanks and aerial bombardments ? 
  absolutely . 
  let me add a caveat , any government with substantial piles of wmd 's would be able to eliminate populations , however elimination is not subjugation . 
  to control an area and force people to work towards whatever ends the tyrants desire , the occupying force will generally be outnumbered . 
  whether or not they will be out gunned in terms of infantry depends on the location . 
  armor , airpower and artillery can be used to great effect , but are limited in terms of quashing an armed insurgency . 
  this is played out in afghanistan , where armed locals resisted ( albeit with heavy losses ) the two strongest military superpowers the world has ever seen , almost back to back ( the soviet union and the united states military ) . 
  afghanistan is roughly the size and population of texas , and i would put money that texas alone has more firearms than afghanistan . 
  to control or occupy an area requires ground troops . 
  destruction of an area or a people is easy with modern technology , but that aim is not only barbaric but impractical . 
  let 's look at some numbers then . 
  firearm homicide in the usa is around 8,000 deaths per year ( and falling , as it has been for twenty years or so ) . 
  if we inflate that number by 25 % for the sake of argument , it would take the armed united states 2,100 years to equal the loss of life europe suffered in a 12 year span of nazi occupation . 
  society being armed is primarily a check on tyrannical state power . 
  assailants are already incentivized to carry weapons . 
  weapons make robbery , assault and other violent crimes safer and easier . 
   i was robbed once and i 'd much rather give whatever they need than draw out a weapon and raise the stakes to life and death . 
  that is an excellent mentality . 
  things are not worth dying for or killing for in general . 
  firearm self defense trainers stress that ( and martial arts too ) . 
  what a firearm should be used for is to prevent the loss of life or great bodily harm . 
  if a robber wants your wallet , give it to him . 
  if he wants to rape your wife or kill your child , that is when lethal force is needed . 
  compliance however does not always ensure safety , and it is those times where having the ability to resist becomes critical . 
  this presumes that the biggest threat to the lives of the citizenry is criminals . 
  history is quite clear that the largest threat to civilization is the concentration of power in the hands of corrupt and evil leaders . 
  europe in the 20th century is the textbook case on why checks and balances are needed so that the population can offset brutal regimes like the national socialists or the soviet socialists . 
  this is a valid point . 
  the majority of the homicide in the united states is concentrated around cities that have been pushing progressiveism for 70 years . 
  these cities almost invariably have stricter laws on self defense , firearm ownership and the ability for law abiding citizens to carry firearms . 
  of the top 20 cities with the highest homicide numbers , 19 are run by the democratic party and have been almost entirely run by that party for at least 50 years . 
  in fact , i agree with your statement completely . 
  having lived near such a city , i lamented that the law abiding citizens have no way to legally carry firearms for self defense , as it puts them in the middle of the game of cops and robbers . 
  additionally , gun control in the united states has a long history with a racial component , the first laws dating to 1640 preventing blacks and natives from possessing arms in virginia . 
  the democratic party used gun control to disarm blacks in the south during jim crowe , and they use gun control in the cities to disarm modern day black americans . 
  sorry for the tangent . 
  violent crime is likely higher in the uk than in the us . 
  it is difficult to compare figures directly for violent crime because the definitions and counting methods vary by country ( as opposed to homicide figures , which are generally more uniformly catalogued ) . 
  politifact , after noting the difficulty in comparing violent crime came up with the following :  for england and wales , we added together three crime categories : `` violence against the person , with injury , '' `` most serious sexual crime , '' and `` robbery . '', 
  this produced a rate of 775 violent crimes per 100,000 people . 
   for the united states , we used the fbi 's four standard categories for violent crime that bier cited . 
  we came up with a rate of 383 violent crimes per 100,000 people . 
  again , these are wonky numbers and it is impossible to say with certainty , but for the sake of argument let us assume that the figures are in the ballpark . 
  there are two metrics that clench my support for freedom , first is the liberty angle ( as thomas jefferson said `` no freeman should be disbarred the use of arms . '' ), 
  it would take 2,000 years of our current firearm homicide numbers to equal what the nazi 's did in gun controlled europe in 12 . 
  batman is a cult icon of vigilante justice , yet he uses no guns . 
  nothing you have mentioned rectifies the figures - if you care about the loss of life it is not gang bangers who are armed who pile bodies on the pyre but evil organizations who prey upon the ordinary man . 
  you could . 
  what about women ? 
  they tend to be slower in general than men . 
  what about children ? 
  they can not outrun either katanas or bullets . 
  the elderly ? 
  can a rascal outpace a madman with a machete ? 
  do you care nothing for the weak in society , and only for your own safety ? 
  let me go further : what stops a violent attack ? 
  in general , only force or the threat of force , or when the criminal is sated . 
  are you so afraid of your countrymen as to presume the majority of functioning adults , who care for children , drive vehicles , operate machinery are really just madmen - who only abstain from slaughter due to lacking the right tool for the job ? 
  what is a weapon but a kind of tool ? 
  the kitchen knife you use to cut your bread could be used to snuff out the lives of thousands under the right circumstances , as could my ak . 
  however , both your knife and my rifle have been used only for peaceful purposes . 
  donald trump being elected is n't tyrannical insanity . 
  if he starts doing tyrannical things , then we can talk . 
  you are correct that some revolutions could take place without firearms . 
  however , most of those revolutions were before the era of repeating firearms . 
  the disarmed people in nazi europe , soviet russia and east europe and china had no effective revolutions without arms . 
  how can a tool be barbarous ? 
  a fire poker can be used for torture or to stoke the flames . 
  pliers can repair an engine or remove teeth or fingernails . 
  it is people who can be good or barbarous , not inanimate objects . 
  keep in mind fellow internet person , that an armed populace is the best deterrent against tyrannical insanity . 
  with current firearm homicide numbers in the usa , it would take 2,000 years to equal what adolph managed to do in 12 , or 6,000 years for what stalin did in 25 , or 7,000 years to do what mao did in 30 years . 
  it 's hard to round up and murder people when the jackboots are outnumbered and out gunned . 
  yeah , it 's not like you have terrorists or criminals anywhere . 
  it 's really [ nice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_nice_attack ) there . 
  firearm can help keep citizens safe from criminals . 
  the primary reason is to provide a check against tyranny . 
  looking back 100 years , the deaths that occurred in gun controlled western europe due to one regime is enough death where it would take 2,000 years of firearm homicide in the us to match it . 
  21 million ` undesirables ' were slaughtered in western europe , disarmed and extinguished . 
  60 million enemies of the soviet people were extinguished in the gun controlled ussr . 
  70 million enemies of china were destroyed in gun controlled china . 
  8,000 homicides across a nation of 320,000,000 per year , i 'll take that risk and my freedom . 
  dear sir , the firearms in america are not for shooting other citizens . 
  criminals do use them in that way , and it is unfortunate . 
  american guns are to prevent one important thing : tyranny . 
  if we take the current firearm homicide death count per year , and then increase it by 20 % it would take the united states around 2,000 years of homicide to equal what the national socialist german workers party accomplished in 12 years in gun controlled europe . 
  it would take 6,000 years to equal the loss of life in gun controlled ussr , and 7,000 years to equal the loss of life in china .
