  did it go from ( almost ) mandatory to voluntary ? 
  how did czech republic jump from 12 to 5 back up to 13 ? 
  did they under-report their crime last year , or did someone forget to type in a `` 1 '' ? 
  except that scandinavian countries have won two eurovisions recently with no metal being involved . 
  valetta proper has a population of only 6100 . 
  the only reason why that is a problem is that as i understand it in hungary both the old and new degrees go by the name `` bachelor degree '' , which is indeed unfortunate . 
  in norway we do n't have that problem because the old degrees had different names , so you can put that name on your cv and the recruiter will understand what it is . 
  if i understand you correctly this is mostly a hungary-specific problem since most countries in europe had different names for their degrees before the bologna reform , and it has n't been long enough since the reform that employers do n't know the names of the old degrees or how long they were . 
  i ca n't really comment in that since in my country we did not have a bachelor degree before bologna . 
  but my guess is that the old bachelor degree is somewhere in between a modern bachelor degree and a modern master 's degree . 
  however , the new bachelor being shorter than the old one does n't mean that it 's actually easier , just shorter , if you understand the difference . 
  the people who needed the extra year ( i.e. 
  not everyone ) will now get a master 's degree in addition to the bachelor degree , and i do n't really see the problem with that . 
  why would that have anything to do with the bologna reform ? 
  indeed , wikipedia says the following :  however , students appear to feel that the workload has increased , and the new standards lead to micromanaged and too narrow curricula [ citation needed ] . 
  the bologna process is said to lead to universities being `` diploma factories '' . 
  [ citation needed ] also , for example at helsinki university of technology , most students ( 85 % ) fail to achieve the official goal of 120 credits in two years -- the average is 81 credits . 
  the number of students failing to achieve the minimum credits to receive student benefit has risen 40 % following the implementation of the process . 
  this indicates that it has become * more difficult * for students to finish their education on time than it was before . 
  of course , the text also indicates that this is might not be because standards of education have risen , but i see no suggestion that universities are `` easier '' than before . 
  indeed , i can only speak for my university , but the only major difference that bologna led to seems to be that the grading system was changed from numbers to letters . 
  my guess is that it was your university ( or even just your study programme ) that became easier and not indeed european universities in general . 
   because today 's universities have become too easy thanks in part to the bologna program do you have any evidence that this is not pulled straight out of your ass ? 
  i doubt it . 
  exams dating back to the 80s , long before the bologna reform , are available on the internet for the courses i take as part of my degree . 
  the level of difficulty for those courses are about the same now as it was in the 80s . 
   a college degree does n't guarantee you an office job two points : in the countries that have gone through the economic crisis most unscathed , i.e. 
  * not * spain , portugal , your own hungary , etc. , degrees in traditionally `` safe '' fields like engineering and medicine still pretty much guarantee you a job . 
  a degree in media science or whatever does obviously not guarantee you a relevant job , but this is * not * a new development . 
  it has always been that way . 
  liberal in economic issues ( as in pro-free market ) and mostly conservative in social issues . 
  on the other hand , liberal-conservatism was more socially progressive than its conservative predecessors which supported the traditional absolute monarchies of europe and a rigid social order . 
  it 's the liberal-conservative ideology . 
  do the leaders of belarus have an ideology as opposed to merely a desire to keep lukashenko in power ? 
  let 's not disregard the main problem , namely that most of the countries to the east of the eu are a lot poorer compared not just to the countries in western europe but also compared to the eastern european countries that have already joined the eu . 
  the poorest country in europe , moldova , has a gdp per capita of less than $ 2000 -- a bit more than ghana . 
   cities tend to vote leftwards , countrysides rightwards , in pretty much every country , no surprises here . 
  most of the cities in norway have right-wing governments . 
  that yugoslavia was in fact what was later called serbia and montenegro . 
  montenegro did n't become independent until 2006 . 
  i expected all the countries below 60 % to be in eastern europe , but that does n't seem to be true . 
  why do spain and italy ( not to mention portugal and cyprus ) have so low internet penetration rates ? 
  the university of troms\u00f8 in norway is decent , but small and very isolated ( that 's why it was founded in the first place ) . 
  unless you study linguistics or something related to the ocean , or like to live in relatively remote regions , i do n't think you would like it a lot . 
  the numbers are based on independent research and not simply taken from each country 's statistics departments . 
  unfortunately , amazon.co.uk has a far smaller selection than amazon.com . 
  i read / r/europe at least once a day , but post more infrequently . 
  elsewhere , i 'm a [ wikipedia administrator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user:aqwis ) and i 've been a forum administrator on several sites in the past . 
  spam/abuse handling . 
  promotion of / r/europe elsewhere on reddit , including in sidebars in country subreddits . 
  i do paid web design as an occasional side job , so i am very comfortable with css in general . 
  the worst thing about the subreddit is its small size -- there are enough european redditors for this subreddit to potentially have a hundred thousand users . 
  the best thing is that it provides a free and open arena for discussion about european news and current topics found nowhere else on the internet . 
  how did you end up in slovenia ? 
  it 's scary how many italians defend him in the comments . 
  what could possibly make a young italian support this man ? 
   we 've got the most incompetent government you 've ever seen . 
  you seem to have a competition over this in eastern europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant the financial crisis , and not the wars . 
  i see your point , but i think it would be neither practical nor good for the unity of the euro zone if some denominations were n't accepted in parts of europe . 
  5 cent may not mean much in the netherlands , but if say bulgaria became a member of the euro zone tomorrow , it would mean a lot there . 
  the euro is used in countries with widely varying average incomes , so low-denomination euro coins are worth holding onto for longer than low-denomination coins of currencies that are used in only high-income countries . 
  it 's a testament to the wealth and influence of the ancient liectenstein family , which simply bought what is now liechtenstein several hundred years ago . 
  it 's also notable for retaining its independence through multiple war and territorial changes in europe . 
  besides that , it 's probably the richest country in the world . 
  i got all of them except for kosovo with 6 minutes remaining ( did n't realize it counted kosovo as a separate country ) . 
  it 's just a result of being interested in the politics and history of europe . 
  every single country in europe has or has had an important role to play in the politics and history of the continent . 
  sure , there 's some correlation , but as far as i know austria and slovenia are pretty average in terms of religiosity . 
  bosnia still votes for serbia in eurovision due to the large amount of serbs in bosnia , however . 
  and the chechen republic is still part of russia . 
  sweden is located east of germany too . 
  are you going to call sweden `` eastern european '' ? 
  edit : and for that matter , i 'd like you to explain why countries located in the `` eastern part of europe '' winning is a bad thing . 
  i agree that certain countries in eastern europe have poor taste , but countries such as finland that you call `` eastern european '' is obviously not one of them . 
  indeed , in terms of taste in music , i would rank italy below several countries to its east . 
  ... since when are finland and greece `` eastern european '' ? 
  edit : also , azerbaijan only has one neighbouring country they are guaranteed votes from . 
  for comparison , there are five nordic countries that always vote for each other , not to mention that estonia always votes for them as well . 
  not really . 
  five `` old '' participants and five `` new '' participants . 
  that 's strictly incorrect . 
  in fact , i doubt there are any countries in the europe that is hated to such a degree by another country ( well , except armenia , of course ) . 
  i voted for that !, 
  i think this is what eurovision is about , actually . 
  participants that take the contest too seriously are uninteresting . 
  as i said i purposely did n't include eastern europe ( particularly the parts east of poland ) in my comparison because it is too unlike the us , in terms of disposable income , for example . 
  the us is a lot less densely populated than western/central europe . 
  if you live in , say , a small town in the midwest , you have to travel much farther to get to a bigger city on average than you have to in europe . 
  and considering there are many things ( shops , services , etc. ), 
  small towns simply do not have , you have to travel to the city quite frequently if you live in a small town . 
  in addition , when americans want to travel long distances for vacation or to visit relatives ( or for other purposes ) , they often opt for driving instead of taking the train or flying . 
  this is partly because a lot of americans simply enjoy driving , but primarily because the us does n't have a good railway service and flying tends to be more expensive than in europe . 
  polish workers in norway ( which are now the largest immigrant group in the country ) receive lower wages , but this has so far not led to lower wages for norwegian workers . 
  one of the reasons is probably that norwegian workers are generally regarded as more skilled than the average polish worker . 
  i do n't see why things would go differently in germany . 
  the us and other countries daily bomb afghanistan , iraq and now libya , causing the deaths of not only numerous military targets , but also civilians . 
  assassinating one person who alone has caused more misery than any other person who has been killed in any of the wars is , frankly , morally trivial in comparison . 
  that is not to say he should n't ideally have received a trial , as saddam hussein did , but we all know what the outcome would have been . 
  i also assume bin laden tried to defend himself , so that killing him was unavoidable ( it 's also possible that he was accidentally killed while dealing with his guards and that the original objective was to capture him alive ) .
