actually this is n't the origin of the tricolore , that one was a few decades earlier during * the * french revolution of 1789 . 
  basically paris ' traditional colour were blue and red ( paris is more important than anything else ... ) and then they added the white to that because of its tradition . 
  this is more like a. . . symbolic painting ? 
  like this revolution of 1830 now burns away the restoration of the ancien regime and turns it into this new thing , symbolised by the tricolore . 
  is that the adjective for greek then ? 
  like in netherlands and dutch ? 
  udina was into wcw and sting ? 
  he seems more like a nwo guy to me ... 
  i saved the council 's ass in mass effect so you can reddit all day ? 
  fuck it , ambassador udina was right ... 
  it 's probably like looking at austin and then saying `` that 's texas ! '', 
  uhm , nope . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  not everyone is happy but those are the people who easily buy into the `` putin is great !, 
  '' - stories . 
  b ) yeah but it has to be someone the modern day audience of our show finds extremly attractive as well and while i do n't doubt she is good looking i 'm not sure if she 's that good looking , especially from a modern pov . 
  there 's a saying which i 'd always keep in mind : moscow is n't russia and russia is n't moscow . 
  just because people in moscow are unhappy does n't mean that people in ... magadan are . 
  and as long as putin keeps the religious working class happy he could n't give less of a fuck if 50k guys in moscow think he sucks . 
  but possibly illegal . 
  a ) it 's braun b ) not sure about the extremly attractive part c ) she was significantly younger than hitler . 
  if the sitcom is set in 1913 she is one year old . 
  and that makes the extremly attractive part ... troubling . 
  just blyat . 
  * turns 20 in august * but i was n't that desperate in coming up with my username to put my birthday in there . 
  happy belated birthday !, 
  huh , in my experience the anti-israel messages are much more common , although i have n't seen many israel threads since paris and copenhagen . 
  probably picks up again with the elections now . 
  but then again i should say for full disclosure i 'm pro-israel so i might just notice the anti-israel ones more because they bother me . 
  misses the female main character who would probably be extremly attractive and way out of the male main characters ' league . 
  if i understood sitcom writing right . 
  the tearing down can be done in five minutes . 
  the nuclear fallout would be a problem though . 
  imagine the meetings of top leaders . 
  hollande and merkel at the beach . 
  tear rome down , rebuild imperial rome , done . 
  anything else ? 
  it 's like when you 'd play latvia ? 
  you do n't hate them but you want to rub it in their face that you beat them . 
  also i 'd like to note that my grandparents where austrians so i am definitely allowed to join into mocking germany , right ? 
  also that was good old austria , before the first world war , the last time you guys were relevant . 
  oh , i just pull the bavarian card , join in on hating the rest of the germans and pretend we 're one country anyway . 
  nevermind that swabia is actually different than bavaria and austria and we 're only part of bavaria because that napol\u00e9on guy was like `` what the ... fuck this , border here ! '', 
  - `` monsieur , that does n't make any sense ! '', 
  - `` fuck you , i said border there , get me an austrian princess and invade russia ! '', 
  ah , got it , hate on the smallest group so everybody else can feel better than them . 
  we have experience in that . 
  barcelona is n't even spain you imperial madrilene swine !, 
   edit : all i know about france is from 70 's movies , so do n't hurt me ... do n't worry , all we europeans know about other europeans is from those lithuaniasphere comics and we still pretend to know everything . 
  must be a good year for wine , i 'd guess ... 
  just so i can get my banter up , which part of austria is considered the bad part ? 
  i know tyrol is getting mocked for being schluchtenschei\u00dfer and k\u00e4rnten are racist haider-lovers so i guess those two ? 
  and you win a free trip to the uk with your pregnancy !, 
  and return with no pregnancy !, 
  fascinating ... 
  of course you 're better , you 're only 1/10th of the people . 
  if we 'd only take bavaria they 'd probably beat everyone 's ass . 
  did that spark discussions about independence or is n't that a topic right now ? 
  that only works with russian soldiers , not ~ ~ sauron ~ ~ putin himself . 
  and i did n't even get a single `` do n't worry , i can greet her from you tonight ! '', 
  i 'm disappointed , internet ... 
  pretty much , it was a casual email where she talked about her cats and in the end : `` oh yeah , call me , your grandfather died this night . '', 
  note to myself : never talk about my relationship with my mother on the internet ... 
  let 's wait for pictures [ like this ] ( http://www.rbb-online.de/content/dam/rbb/rbb/aktuelle_redaktion/geschichte/schleyer.jpg.jpg/size%3d708x398.jpg ) to leak . 
  the french ? 
  i mean napoleon 2 : napoleon harder went well until those goddamn prussians ... 
  believe me , this time it 'll work !, 
  expected dwayne johnson , was preparing to scream at you for half an hour , my blood pressure was surprised . 
  `` do n't worry '' is the ultimate way to make somebody worry . 
  if somebody says `` do n't worry '' to me it 's like `` okay , they told me it does n't matter but actually it must ... '' and then go on for hours how they probably lied to me . 
  because i never do that and if i 'd do that on a sunday morning she 'd assume i 'm either broke and need money or want to kill myself ? 
  have fun !, 
   pro-democracy , pro-western , and pro-free-market biases when does it stop being a bias and starts being rational ? 
  stay under the rock , bullet and radiation-proof . 
  i got my mother to the point that she sent me an * email * when my grandfather died . 
  not sure if that is an achievment though ... 
  just become a medic , it 's illegal to fire on medics according to international law and surely russia will keep that . 
  fallout mmo announcement , with a huge map !, 
  dibs on the power armour !, 
  or a dream ... 
  yes but somebody had to do it . 
  the roman empire was clinically dead for centuries without anybody destroying it . 
  also as a german : france where the good guys , i 'm glad napol\u00e9on came and smashed the empire up a bit , thanks for that !, 
   a man who is tired of london is tired of life til i am tired of life . 
  alright , interesting . 
  it 's funny because `` schmolln '' means pouting , the stuff kids do when you forgot their birthday etc. 
  so you seemed to have really messed with maria that she 's schmolln now . 
   were sick of replacing the fucking signs you know somebody put that into the wikipedia article to have a laugh and nobody decided to change it yet . 
  that 's the example they use in driving school why you ca n't always drive up to the speed limit , huh ? 
  loud noises !, 
  actually jesus christ would have probably gotten the map right , given that the sinai plays quite an important role in judaism and he was probably a rabbi . 
  he would have known that the israelites * first * crossed the sea and * then * got the ten commandments . 
  little bit of column a , little bit of column b. 
  you 're assuming that makes handy as mobile phone stupid while i 'd argue handy as a diminuitive of handjob ( self or others ) is more stupid . 
  why the fuck do you talk about it in a diminuitive ? 
  are you talking to a fucking child about it ? 
  because if you do , we have bigger issues than how you call it . 
  but you fucking jerk off , okay . 
  then call it that and do n't give it cutesy names , next thing you know you 'll give your fucking penis a cute name , buy it a top hat and glasses and cut its moustache into different shapes every week . 
  if you 're old enough to masturbate you 're old enough to call it that and not `` handy '' .
