  i live in a major tourist destination and most people coming here , what they really want , is not to visit somewhere else , what they want is their own country with better weather . 
  and , in some cases , they want it `` without all those pesky foreigners we have back home '' . 
  thus the english pubs and the german bierhausen and the american dinners . 
  a fully disneyfied reconstruction of what tourists think their own countries were , or should be , or something like . 
  just add sun and beaches !, 
  and a lenient police so we can behave in ways we 'd be ashamed of back home . 
  when i travel , i like to think i do so to learn new things , to see other cultures , to take it all in . 
  i 'd never ask for my own cuisine abroad , what would be the point ? 
  it 's possible it 's because i live in a warm area , so i do n't travel for the weather . 
  but still , it saddens me that we get milions of tourists every year and most come and go without ever looking outside their hotels to see what 's really here . 
  i for one welcome our new andorran overlords . 
  do n't think the basques will be that thrilled , though :-), 
  it 's actually way older than that , the problem is that it has become a very overloaded word , with two very different meanings . 
  the `` original '' european meaning of nationalism came as a reaction to the formation on nation-states around the 18th century . 
  as the modern european state was built around the idea of `` one state , one nation '' some cultural groups were trapped inside an state made by another group , and over the years they demanded a right to form their own state too . 
  this is still the way things are . 
  as long as europe is organized as a group of nation-states , there 'll be people saying `` hey , the french have their own state , why ca n't we ? '' . 
  and believe me , for all the talk about european integration , it 's still completely a nation-state club , as only those have seats in any eu institution . 
  this is further compounded by the fact that almost no-one ever goes back . 
  i do n't think there 's any proposal for re-integrating the netherlands into spain , for example . 
  and i 've never seen debates like `` does portugal really have a right to their own state ? '' . 
  and then ... well , thanks to the german nacional-socialist party , we have the other meaning , the one that most people interpret as `` i think my country is better than yours '' . 
  as a political philosophy , it 's one of the easiest to demonstrate that it 's wrong , but this is the meaning that most people think of when they hear `` nationalism '' , specially in english culture . 
  the milder version of this is called `` banal nationalism '' , and it 's present everywhere nowadays . 
  there 's an excellent book by michael billig about it , highly recommended . 
  the second meaning is so pervasive now that catalan politics are advised to use `` separatist '' or `` independentist '' instead of `` nationalist '' when speaking to international press . 
  tl ; dr : `` nationalism '' is old , but it 's not always an aggressive , racist political philosophy . 
  sometimes people just want to have what the others have and no one questions : their own state . 
  if they have a fair vote and they choose to make their own state , who can negate them that right ? 
  of course all kinds of arguments can be made against scotland 's independence , but ultimately it 's their decision . 
  i for one will be happy for them whatever they choose , as long as they are allowed to vote on it . 
  great picture , but ... 
  the starting graphic does n't point to barcelona at all , the city is about 300km to the north of there :-p, 
  dialectic variance can be measured by the percentage of lexical derivation between what 's considered `` central '' and any `` dialect '' . 
  of course , there 's the political difference between dialect and accent , etc , but it 's easy to track the separation given some common etymology ( in this case , from latin ) . 
  i 'm unable to stop adopting accents when i travel ... 
  it got to the point where people in barcelona thought i was making fun of their incredibly open ` a 's . 
  i just ca n't help it , i swear !, 
  actually ... catalan is one of the romance languages with less dialectic variance , as surprising as that is to most catalan speakers . 
  the reasons for the public opinion to the contrary are : - the huge amount of dialectic analysis in catalan classes . 
  it 's the only language where you are expected to know dialectology to get a recognized title . 
  no such things are included in any basic to intermediate courses on english or spanish , for example . 
  - media segregation . 
  people in barcelona only have access to media in the central dialect , so they are really surprised when they hear different dialects . 
  in spanish or english tv it 's way more normal to hear different dialects . 
  according to the last poll done on the matter ( by a catalan administration agency , so ymmv ) , it stands at 54.7 % yes , 20.7 % no , 17 % abstain and 6.4 % do n't know . 
  sorry i could only find a source in catalan : http://m.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4087159/20130221/independencia-podria-superar-70-referendum.html, 
  i did n't know ... no such thing here besides the general preoccupation about what goes into food . 
  i sure hope not :-), 
  yes , we do use the term incorrectly , i have no idea why we adopted it from the french in such a wrong ( and possibly misleading ) way ... have an upvote for reminding me of the original , so delicious too :-), 
  catalan here . 
  not just eat it , we make our own pork liver pat\u00e9 ( called foi\u00e9-gras ) at home . 
  by `` we '' i mean my mother and aunts , i just help around . 
  it 's delicious !, 
  would n't the monarchy be a sticky point in that plan ? 
  like , would ireland have to stop being a republic for it to work ? 
  i 'm intrigued ... 
  the declaration stated that catalonia is a sovereign entity and that it has the right to decide its own future ( even if that is to continue in spain ) . 
  this goes directly against the spanish constitution , which states that the only sovereign entity in spain is the whole of spain . 
  there could be long , long legal debates about this , but usually the * de facto * situation trumps the * de jure * one . 
  so , if catalonia secedes democratically and is recognized internationally , it wo n't matter much if the declaration was legal or not in the first place . 
  sorry to nitpick ;-) the segadors war was in 1640 , in 2014 it 'll be 300 years after the fall of barcelona in the spanish succession war ( 1709-1715 ) . 
  it 's not about being `` different enough '' . 
  it 's about self-government and democracy . 
  if the people of scotland want to be a separate country , and they decide so democratically , that 's reason enough , in my opinion . 
  each one of them may have a whole set of different reasons ( cultural , economical , etc. ), 
  but the most important one is `` because they want to '' . 
  no offence taken , of course  but i think my point stands : spain is neither centralized or federal , which provokes a lot of conflict ; and the way public money is distributed between central and autonomous governments is a huge headache . 
   the power to legislate on each matter depends on how it is constitutionally allocated ( on the constitution and the subsequent ccourt decisions i mentioned before ) . 
  but for all transferred competences , the central government can pass `` base laws '' that set how competences have to be implemented . 
  for example , right now there 's a law project telling all communities how to organize basic school curricula . 
  if spain was federal , such laws would n't be possible , or if it was centralized , they would be the only laws . 
   also , it is the autonomous community who decides what competences it wants to assume when they approve their fundamental laws ( estatutos ) . 
  competences may be transferred even if they are n't listed in the statute . 
  and some statutes say `` all these competences and any further ones after negotiation '' . 
   the competence over the different taxes ranges from 100 % state to 100 % community . 
  in some the communities decide everything and keep all the money , in some they decide only on rabates and surcharges and keep part of the money , in some they administer the collection and keep the money , but do not legislate , etc. 
  yes , they can set some rates , but what i said was `` collects all taxes '' . 
  even when the rates are different , the central gov. 
  gets all the money and then distributes it . 
   the autonomous communities obviously do not pay for the central education ministry . 
  taxpayers do , with the part of their money that is allocated to the central government . 
  well , of course in the end it 's the people who pay taxes , but they have to pay for two different administrations on each competence , which would n't be the case in a centralized or federal state . 
   actually , autonomous communities are much less indebted in gross terms than the central state . 
  in other words , independently of where it comes form , their money needs vs. money actually received ratio is much better . 
  yes , but that does n't mean the * system * works well ... 
  most international news ignore the reason of spain 's `` autonomous communities '' large amount of debt : the way spain was decentralized in the 80s and 90s . 
  spain is not a federal state where it 's clear what is the responsibility of the central government and what 's for each state/lander . 
  instead , the central government can give any `` competence '' ( social security , education , etc. ), 
  to an autonomous community , but it keeps the power to legislate how it has to be done and also determines how much money it wants to give to implement it . 
  also , the central gov. 
  collects all taxes . 
  so where did it go wrong ? 
  well , let 's say education in a region costs the central gov. 
  the central gov can go to that region and say `` hey , from now on you take care of education , we 'll give you 70m $ to do it . 
  oh , and you also have to pay for the central education ministry , as it 's the one telling you how to do it . '', 
  this transfers a lot of debt to the autonomous community , and there 's nothing they can do about it . 
  the exceptions are the basque country and navarre , as they have a special deal where they collect all taxes and then pay spain for `` services rendered '' : the military , foreign affairs , etc. 
  tl ; dr : spain 's decentralization was shoddy at best and a con job at worst . 
  it transferred debt to the autonomous communities in a way they could n't control .
