the parties that were mentioned have expressed their support for the consultation , at least for now . 
  i do n't trust ciu . 
  i trust the millions of people going out on the streets every year , and the thousands of volunteers preparing the referendum , etc. 
  from the outside , mostly thanks to some spanish media , it looks like it 's just mas , but there are other parties involved . 
  80 % of the parliament voted in favor of having the referendum , and when mas signed the decree calling for it , right behind him , there were representatives of different parties . 
  and hundreds of people outside from different social movements , giving support but also holding them accountable . 
  regarding the media manipulation , on tv the catalan channels have about 12 % share , so spanish channels are in a way better position to manipulate . 
  and really , we 're not dumb . 
  i have a ton of reasons for being pro-independence , and none of them came from mas , ciu or the tv . 
  i do n't think everyone loses with independence . 
  in fact , one of those reasons is that i really , truly believe spain will be much better off without catalonia . 
  not at first , sure , but in a few years they 'll be able to start making changes without having to constantly discuss how to fit catalans into it , permanent debates about centralism vs. federalism ( which almost no one in spain wants ) , etc. 
  for example , without all the catalan taxes they 'll have to stop allowing huge land-owners in the south maintain an agrarian economy and then people there will have much better job opportunities . 
  first off , the whole `` this is just mas '' meme is getting really old , and it 's also insulting . 
  millions of people are not being led by just one guy , it 's the other way around . 
  we have agency , we have n't been hypnotized . 
  the idea of using elections is : every party says if they are for or against independence , then you count the votes and the results will be similar to those which would have been cast for those options in a referendum . 
  it 's a way of voting on the issue if the actual referendum is cancelled . 
  not really , at least according to jurists here ( on both sides ) . 
  the next steps are being discussed , everyone has a different one : * go through with the vote anyway . 
  * call for local elections , use that as a substitute for the referendum . 
  * declare independence unilaterally , then do the referendum ( as spanish law wo n't apply by then ) . 
  it was an independent entity under the crown of aragon , which was a confederation of medieval proto-states ruled by the same king , until 1715 . 
  it had its own currency , laws , parliament , etc. 
  so in fact it was the crown of aragon which never was an independent country . 
  and that does n't even matter , anyway . 
  if the people living in catalonia want their own country , and decide so democratically and peacefully , who cares about the historical precedents ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i upvoted you because you were right , i was just trying to add more information . 
  completely agree that the historical argument is , nowadays , the weakest one . 
  but the history is still there , and there 's a lot of / r/badhistory going around in spain right now ... 
  that 's really awful history you got there ... * the northern part of catalonia was never part of france as it did n't exist yet , then it separated from the carolingian empire . 
  * although the crown was titularly `` of aragon '' , it was a confederation of proto-states , the most important of which was catalonia . 
  each had different laws and currency , so they were , for the time period , independent . 
  * and then it got either sold out to the french or conquered by the spanish . 
  the end of an independent self-rule in catalonia was in 1715 , around 900 years after it started . 
  edit : formatting . 
  just for a few years in the 80s and , more importantly , it never had much popular support . 
  fortunately . 
  why would someone be offended by you speaking welsh ? 
  the guardia civil is n't the only police force in spain , the national police also has riot control units ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_police_corps_of_spain ) . 
  it can be made `` legal '' by the international community , if there 's reason to think everything was done democratically . 
  the catalans are modeling their strategy similarly to kosovo , where a referendum was held with opposition from the serbian government . 
  crimea is a very different case : hastily organized , almost no previous campaign , under threat from an external power , and with no international supervision or observers . 
  the spanish government has stated that they will accept any decision made by the uk regarding scotland . 
  so if the uk says scotland can enter the eu , they wo n't oppose . 
  in fact , they reference the scottish case as an example of how an independence referendum should be made : with explicit permission and support of the central government . 
  of course they say that so that catalans wait for permission from them before voting , which they 'll never give . 
  and those declarations were made when the polls predicted very different results , so their position might change next week . 
  it 's mostly about the catholic church 's tax exemptions and right to educate children , there 's more info at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concordat_of_1953, 
  you can add palma , at 20:00 near the jaume i statue . 
  commenting from outside ( and of course believing that it has to be whatever its people vote ) , i think it 'd be better for spain to transition into a centralized republic similar to france . 
  autonomies have a very bad reputation , low popular support , and were invented only to pacify catalans and basques . 
  once we 're out , they have no reason to exist . 
  the sad reality is that both the monarchy and a very strange treaty with the vatican are n't covered by the spanish constitution ' 78 , they are assumed existing and in effect by it . 
  podemos is a radical left-wing platform against market economy , one of their proposals is to nationalize all banks . 
  upyd is considered conservative because it votes 90 % of times with pp , i suppose . 
  it 's not clear with eu parliament group they 'll enter , though . 
  erc 's won its first election since the military coup in 1936 ... it won plenty before ;-) it also got 8 % in the balearic islands , where it had n't had any big presence since before the war too . 
  the big surprise , in all of spain , has been the rise of podemos ( `` we can '' ) , an independent left-wing party just a few months old . 
  it 's got 8 % of the vote ( 5 % in catalonia ) , possibly helped by other radical left-wing parties refusing to participate ( e.g. 
  cup ) . 
  if the vote was binding , then yes , definitely . 
  but it was n't , it was more of a `` let 's see which cards each side has '' . 
  asking people what they think is not unconstitutional , not even in spain ;-) and yesterday 's vote was for allowing the proposal to be debated in parliament , not an immediate `` yes , go ahead '' . 
  as i said below , the rejection was about appearing patriotic before the european elections , not about the constitutionality of the issue . 
  i suppose it 's difficult to understand from spain , but that 's what we 've been doing . 
  the feeling in catalonia is that we 've tried a compromise for centuries , and it 's still not coming . 
  we 've proposed federations , new statutes , different tax codes ... and it has n't worked out . 
  we 're still bleeding money that never goes to improve the economy in the poorer parts of spain , it just goes to spanish elites . 
  our language is still persecuted . 
  why , now they even want to recentralize shopping hours !, 
  why would anyone in madrid care at what time are shops open in manresa , ffs ? 
  and if they treat something relatively minor this way , what will happen with important stuff ? 
  so many catalans have come to the conclusion that it 'll be better if we just have different states . 
  i even think it 'll be , in the long term , the best for spain . 
  no more wasting time on `` the catalan problem '' . 
  no longer using catalonia as the common enemy while banks control the media and the politicians . 
  no more `` autonomous communities '' that no one wanted ... 
  they are doing exactly the only thing they can do . 
  any spanish party that shows the minimum of openness towards negotiating anything related to catalonia will find itself immediately attacked ( as traitors ) by the other parties , and will surely lose the next election . 
  yesterday 's vote was , for spanish parties , more about the european elections in may than anything else . 
  so , in a hypothetical situation , if a territory had a 99 % opinion for separating from a state , but the rest of the state did n't agree , you are saying that it would be more democratic for the territory not to separate ? 
  and is n't that repressing the political aspirations of 99 % of the people in the territory ? 
  the referendum would n't be illegal at all . 
  in spain , all referendums are purely consultive , so they do n't become law immediately after voting . 
  and only the central government can organize them . 
  the proposal that was rejected yesterday was for the central government to allow the catalan government to ask the citizens what they think . 
  regardless of the results , it would n't automatically separate catalonia fron spain , it would only be a start of a process that , eventually and depending on the results , would mean changing the constitution , etc. 
  even worse , what was rejected was allowing the proposal to be debated in the spanish parliament , thus precluding any negotiations about the date , the question , who can vote , etc. 
  i ca n't recall any portuguese jokes at all . 
  but i do know a lot of politically incorrect catalan , basque , castilian and galician jokes . 
  then again , maybe galician jokes / are / portuguese jokes with different spelling :-p, 
  it 's not , it 's there as the combination of c and z. 
  \u00c7 is there , as the combination of c and z. 
  which i did n't know about , so thanks to op :-), 
  oops !, 
  i did really misunderstand you , i 'm really sorry . 
  what you describe is actually how i travel too , and of course i would n't want to work while on holidays :-), 
  that 's really common and i never understood why ...
