exactly , everyone claiming that the kids of these families will outnumber us and wipe out europe are wrong . 
  we 'll sell them sex , drugs and rock n roll , that 's what 'll make them lose their old ways . 
  go look at any average british lad of indian or middle eastern heritage , vast majority have ditched their religions and conservative beliefs and now just wan na get drunk , watch football and shag sarah from the estate like the rest of us . 
  i can feel my upper lip stiffening as i read that, 
  who are these russian shills everyone keeps talking about ? 
  i literally never see any of them . 
  were n't those race riots though ? 
  well in fairness on the sex crimes against kids front we did have an awful lot of diddlers, 
  cubana flight 455 ? 
  oh absolutely , did anyone notice that in that raid which arrested 200 or so ` is militants/supporter ' they also locked up about 100 pkk members/members of left wing workers organisations . 
  erdogan basically just got a carte blanche to use excessive force in the south east , and no ones going to tell him otherwise, 
  so are we all to restart support for marxist leninisism now then ted ? 
  a whole number of western countries , the u.s. , uk and france especially are no less guilty . 
  we ensured the conditions for isis to take root and remember when we were on the brink of bombing damascus in revenge for that chemical attack ? 
  if we 'd have done that then isis territory would stretch all the way to the golan heights . 
  i do n't think you can really blame erdogan for being pragmatic, 
  ha i did like , no ones ever given us something for nothing - marshall plan reference ? 
  yes some sort of lage where we can have all the migrants in one concentrated place, 
  bingo , who 'd want to go toe to toe with the turks ? 
  and it 's enough bad press for erdogan losing soldiers to the kurds , not attacking isis is a win win for him, 
  i honestly believe the decision to get involved in the balkans was one of the best that schr\u00f6der ever made , however controversial it may have been and may still be, 
  not to mention not long before the whole ukraine crisis started up putin tourned a number of south american countries and of course , reitterated their strong friendship with cuba . 
  putin is aiming for polarisation not isolation, 
  i think i heard you were on fire once but then i suppose that is n't good either, 
  itt : sexually repressed racists, 
  i ca n't for the life of me remember how i came across it originally but i absolutely love the tragedy of man . 
  for those interested theres a full english translation [ here ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/00900/00915/html/ ), 
  ` survation polled 2007 adults online over the age of 18 in gb & ni november 9th to 11th . 
  standard margin of error 2.2 % . ', 
  2007 people is a pitiful amount , you can not effectively exprapolate data from that to a union of ca . 
  65 million people . 
  i mean , i could do a poll of uk users on / r/europe and probably have more people and around an 80 % approval for leaving . 
  any evidence they ignored terror plots ? 
  was n't czechoslovakia the site of the highest ever electoral result by a communist party in a free election ? 
  this just in : life ai n't fair, 
  not when you consider the amount of equipment thats been lost to isis : [ like this ] ( http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2015/06/02/dude-wheres-my-humvee-iraqi-equipment-losses-to-islamic-state-are-out-of-control/ ), 
  ah come on now , wouldnt you like to stick them all on a big boat and just sink it in the ocean . 
  be done with the lot of them ? 
  awww wee lamb , well i would n't worry . 
  way things are going you and you 're pal will get the opportunity to cleanse things soon enough, 
  luton was always a shithole , with or without muslims, 
  yeah thats not what destroyed rome, 
  cos it 's shite , there 's plenty of more reputable right wing sources you can use instead, 
  didnt a bunch of americans try something similar when they first started letting black people in to universities ? 
  just stand there and try and block the government ? 
  but he is obligated to abide by their laws, 
  vienna has a population of 1.8 million , its not exactly istanbul mate, 
  well you do have over 8 times the population of austria, 
  get it together bremen, 
  give what youve written there another read and have a think for a second, 
  are we now all responsible for the actions of our families now ? 
  the woman has always been vocally against the former gdr , hell it was a major motivation for her to become involved in politics . 
  i swear to god , this sub is mental , anything left of reagan and youre a marxist, 
  the police will most likely arrest your friend if you do this . 
  i think its becoming more obvious to people that we need to take matters in to our own hands now , how else can we defend ourselves ? 
  crazy . 
  has your friend maybe got some of his more sensible friends together to try drive these people off ? 
  when was she ever a marxist ? 
  edgy mate , they do though . 
  why would a government looking to get elected again cause an unnecessary scandal and potential lawsuit for itself ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if he was planning to use it in the near future they would n't take it , i 'd imagine they 'd ask first, 
  do n't be pedantic , you know they mean neo nazis . 
  the good thing is there 's plenty of smaller alternatives to go to . 
  i used to live in vienna and the wiesn is always great fun , plus you can get in to a tent immediately rather than waiting forever, 
  yeah obviously it 's all done with over the top stereotypes but it 's a funny film , and that song is catchy as hell, 
  funny how they never claim to be english is n't it ? 
  it 's always the downtrodden ones like irish or scottish . 
  never find any of them claim to be english, 
  as a quick aside , could i recommend a decent book i read about gypsies on here [ the roma cafe ] ( https://www.amazon.com/roma-cafe-rights-plight-romani/dp/0745320511 ) i think its a good introduction to the different ethnic groups , and the problems they face both from outside and within . 
  ethnically gypsies do originate from the indian subcontinent though . 
  they arrived in europe in the 10th and 11th centuries . 
  1000 years is probably enough to be called european though, 
  i mean in terms of recent history it seems that everyone we loved in the 70s and 80s is turning out to be a paedophile so theres that . 
  yeah plus he was a big fan of eugenics which has fallen somewhat out of fashion, 
  unfortunately not many english people know him . 
  the viking / saxon period is n't really covered in depth ( though with shows like the last kingdom its getting more popular ) . 
  in schools we tend to do the romans when we 're little , then we jump forward about 600 years to the battle of hastings , then we jump forward again to the tudors and the war of the roses , and so on . 
  i do find it difficult to play as france . 
  cept in age of empires 2 , that campaign was the shit ` the blood on la hire 's sword is almost dry ! ', 
  what you have to remember is the people and the systems behind the cameras are really , incredibly , astoundingly inefficient . 
  people seem to get these images in their heads of some super efficient government listening centre knowing everything about everyone - nah , its all for show . 
  the cameras are on but nobodies watching , half of them the pictures so low res it could be anything, 
  actually not , i myself didnt have to do of mice and men . 
  we did catcher in the rye . 
  i think it depends on which exam board you choose . 
  they tend not to change all too often . 
  id say almost every school kid looks at shakespeare at some point . 
  usually romeo and juliet or macbeth , as they are some of the most well known and most accessable . 
  we did the merchant of venice an all , poor al shylock, 
  you guys must have some of the best choices out there . 
  damn france produced some amazing writers, 
  monarchies ? 
  do they have a flag ? 
  i mean i too have heard from lgbt people that civil unions/partnerships are n't an equivalent to marriage and they still feel discriminated against until they have full marriage . 
  so i say just give them the right to marry the conservatives can go suck an egg . 
  honestly , with the rate in which people are abandoning the church , they should really change their stance on homosexuality , they need everyone they can get to turn up, 
  fuck - norway - because , yknow , they 're pretty marry - portugal - because we 've been friends for so long kill - france , i think we 're obliged to, 
  the world needs another peter the great, 
  i mean , it 's an std so there 's the stigma surrounding but then again it can go for so long without showing up or being so mild that it can be hard to know where you even got it from / if you 've got it . 
  well i 'm wondering how it 's going to work in terms of middle east policy .
