  is the us for example , going now to abandon its support for rebel groups in favour of assad ? 
  how are they expected to cooperate in terms of issues like israel/hezbollah ? 
  i 'm not really sure what he means so its hard to say , everyone sort of complies to what ? 
  and is content with what ? 
  would n't you want to be content ? 
  i 'm not sure how that relates to freedom . 
  in the uk the summer olympics were pretty big as the uk usually does very well . 
  in my new home of austria people tend to like the winter olympics more i find as thats when they can actually win something, 
  i 'm in the same boat as you , just over 5 years in austria now , i looked in to gaining austrian citizenship and unfortunately i 'd have to renounce my u.k. 
  citizenship which i probably would n't b prepared to do , so at the moment it 's still just wait and see , as things progress and the negotiations begins we 'll have to see what options are a available to us . 
  i 'd imagine our long term experience abroad will help with getting permanent residency if it comes to it , more so than new people trying to start out anyway, 
  really ? 
  i did not know that . 
  you learn something new every day i guess, 
  i actually went there back in 2010 on a wee tour of the balkans and i really enjoyed it , i honestly think that if they get their infrastructure a bit more together they could be one of the future tourist hotspots of europe . 
  it might seem unlikely now but im sure noone thought croatia would be at the turn of the millenium . 
  not before they sort of their issue of blatant human rights abuses, 
  to be fair , people who believe in extremes are more likely to voice their opinions , the vocal minority . 
  the vast majority of people who read an article in say , the guardian or the telegraph or something are centre left or centre right , average people . 
  they just read the article and move on , an article comment section is n't somewhere i 'd go for a discussion online , i 'd either come here or go to a specific forum, 
  for the clash you could have gone with ` this is england ', 
  alan partridge ? 
  asking the big questions here, 
  we had one cheeky lecturer at uni , literally named one of his modules after his own book he 'd published some 20 years earlier . 
  to buy and read the book was the only way you could pass , just lining his pockets getting people to buy a book noone would ever purchase of their own volition . 
  well the reason you see most from poland and romania is thats where all the drivers come from . 
  i used to work in freight forwarding and the cheapest drivers who were able to work eu, 
  same as with most things , the uk offered its sympathies and then vowed to stand beside the us . 
  personally i still was n't too old at the time , 13 i suppose ? 
  so maybe the scale of the attack didnt hit me that much at first , like 2500 people in a single attack but then again i suppose when you look at how many people are killed in the wars we fight its not a huge amount . 
  well no as thats money earned by the family , it 's the whole idea that they get tax money for being appointed by god to be the true owners of the country . 
  its not like tax money just goes to other people for the simple fact theyre born in the right family, 
  well we 've obviously still got ours but if possible i 'd like to get rid of it . 
  regardless of the whole argument as to whether they bring in more money than they cost - i ca n't get past the fact that if you accept the idea of a royal family you accept the concept that it is ok for one person to be worth more , or entitled to more based simply on the family they are born in to . 
  oh yeah sand dunes as well , i know they had some issues at sefton close to where my home is back home . 
  the past few winters have brought some pretty bad storms with them with definitely hasnt helped . 
  the government does try to combat it but it 's a load of coast , some areas you just have to let poseidon take back . 
  to be fair , i 'll never understand the logic of people who build their houses close to the coastline , thats just asking to have a house you can never sell again, 
  if i had a pound for every time someone tried to disseis me of my freehold ... 
  does the sea count ? 
  because yknow , coastal erosion is an issue, 
  coming from merseyside there 's still a lot of bitterness towards them i find . 
  i mean , a whole lot of people , myself included have irish ancestory and many may have even been sympathetic to the republican cause but events such as the bridge street bombing in warrington are inexcuseable . 
  i actually had a run in with one of those ira praising bostonians last time i was in america . 
  the best way i could put it was , imagine i went over to boston and started praising tsarnaev 's actions, 
  i guess maybe portugal ? 
  just sort of keeping itself to itself , trying to put out fires in summer, 
  they literally sell t-shirts with ` no kangeroos in austria ' in vienna, 
  its an old stereotype left over from the 70s/80s , itll take a while before it goes away, 
  not really a thing in the uk . 
  in austria however we have the burschenschaften who are frightfully right-wing . 
  not to piss on the plastic paddys in americas parade but no , theres no real movement for a pan-celtic union, 
   do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
  nope  are you a member of a religious society ? 
  ( church of england , folkekirken , etc. ), 
  nope and never was  do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
  nope  whether or not you go to a church/mosque/temple etc. 
  or not , do you perceive yourself as ... atheist  what is your general perception of religion ? 
  i 'm not opposed to private religion , people can believe what they want to believe in the privacy of their homes and i understand that many people need it as a comfort , either to deal with the harshness of day to day life or for the fear of death . 
  that said though , i do feel organised religion holds us back . 
  i understand why we needed it in the early days of society , as a way to make sense of and put faces to the forces around us we didnt understand but by now i feel its causing far more problems than its solving . . 
  yeah i find it pretty interesting the different ways in which nations swear . 
  like english is pretty much all sex or bodily function related : fuck , shit , arsehole , bollocks , wanker , cunt etc. 
  whereas i found people like my balkan mates always bringing family and the like in to it, 
  here is the bbc article on the matter . 
  i ca n't speak for the trains , i guess if you check their national rail website ? 
  does italy have a state rail company ? 
  unfortunately it 's a very at risk area for earthquakes http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37171953, 
  thats just what they want you to think !, 
  is n't portugal our oldest ally or something ? 
  i 've met a number in my time in austria . 
  ive found many to be in many ways the protestants of islam , by which i mean they do n't seem to be interested in any of the restrictive rules . 
  most of them drank beer , shagged around and ate pork . 
  thoroughly decent people . 
  sorry i do n't have anything to add i just love the typo ` sluth shaming ' . 
  these goddamn detectives , going around , solving all the crimes !, 
  i understand it , poor blacks in america feel very disenfranchised and threatened at the moment and when people feel like that , unrest and civil disobedience will break out . 
  this womans brother is dead as i understand it ? 
  i can see how in the heat of the moment she might say something she might later retract , hard to judge . 
  i 'll not judge people for rioting and outbursts of violence though , it will literally happen in any society where there are large groups of people who lack opportunity or facilities we have our own breakouts of violence and riots in europe as well it 's not uncommon . 
  i do feel its becoming more common in the us as its due to your pronounced wealth disparity as well as the divide between the races . 
  the cure is not to condemn protestors and argue about who and who isnt a thug . 
  let the riots burn out , try and police them as well as can be without exacerbating the problem and then work on improving the lives of the people there once the dust has settled . 
  i feel in general the refugee crises was fairly poorly handled but the problem was europe should have been preparing around 2 years in advance . 
  we knew the numbers of displaced people , we knew they were heading for europe and it was by that point apparent that the war in syria would not be over any time soon . 
  here in austria we had a camp at traiskirchen , supposed to hold a few thousand at most , rapidly became overwhelmed , they had no other camps built and prepared ( and if there was anyone you 'd think would be good at that sort of thing ? ), 
  and like the greeks , macedons and hungarians before them , the austrians eventually just bussed the problem on through to germany . 
  if the eu had started early enough they could have had cohesive naval movements out in the med , built and paid for processing centres in greece , built shelters across europe and agreed quotas . 
  but : no government wants to start preparing for something that might benefit a subsequent and opposition government , and if you 're the first nation to build stuff , guess where everyone will get sent when the wave finally comes . 
  all that said , i do think it was right for us to take on the refugees and i do think we have a responsibility to help . 
  how big a problem it has been has been largely overstated ( it did not as many american teenagers on reddit predicted , lead to the downfall of western civilisation ) and now the numbers of people coming have dropped significantly . 
  to be sure , but they could n't have known that at the time . 
  what if the atomic bombs had made the japanese fight harder in the pacific ? 
  and theres the one thats much harder to measure which is how the destruction of german cities brought home the horrors of war for ordinary german citizens . 
  one of the points made at the time was that german civilians did n't really suffer during ww1 , outside of some food shortages , and thats one of the reasons they were so quick in going in to another war . 
  so the thought process was , if they suffered this time , they might think twice the next time . 
  of course it was also partly just revenge , bomber harris was a crazy man, 
  big fan of the geography itself , some absolutely stunning places to visit over there . 
  obviously the entertainment industry . 
  theyre definitely putting out the bulk of decent film , television , music , comedy etc.
