  100 % failure rate . 
  are those really things a government should have an `` expenditure '' towards though ? 
  is that a problem ? 
  well , they can go outright and said % of gdp spent on bullshit . 
   golf is a stress relief , should we force people to make it almost free so that the poor can afford it ? 
  thankfully we do n't have to , because there are cheap alternatives such as sugar drinks , alcohol and tobacco . 
  well , at least when you do n't charge them to hell and back . 
   they should n't because food is a necessity , you have a right to it , you do n't have any rights to luxuries . 
  if i have a right to it , should n't it be free ? 
  also , though luck - they 're taxed . 
   everyone does , do n't you think if we could make the burden less it would be a good idea ? 
  maybe , i do n't know , it would help the poor the most too ? 
  i think a population of medicated zombies or twitchy ready-to-explode neurotics is a much worse scenario . 
  stress relief is . 
  i know enough people ( myself included ) who need something to relax after eight hours of work and between an hour or two of commuting . 
  i do find pills to be much more harmful . 
   self-destructive luxury items it 's stress relief . 
  people need to reduce stress in their system on a daily basis . 
  vacations are good , but they 're too far apart in the schedule . 
  it 's not a luxury item . 
  i would n't call it necessity , but it 's not a luxury items . 
   literally every single thing besides raw ingredients and water should have some sort of luxury tax on it , some like tobacco way more than others obviously . 
  why should raw ingredients and water not have a tax on them ? 
  also it is very different to have a standard vat and the extra sin taxes people pay . 
   because when you do so you are literally stealing money from other people , all that medical work for your 10 health problems when you are 60 wo n't pay for themselves . 
  i 've been paying into this health system all my whole working life . 
  so ... fuck the poor ? 
  because those are the people who care the most about whatever or not their coka cola is 1 euro more expensive or who are the most concern for the extinction-level taxes on a pack of smokes . 
  and even if we do make the argument that they need to pay more , because they 'll use the health system more , is n't 40 + of overbilling an overkill ? 
  heh ... this reminds me about that time a ministers of ours said `` bulgaria is too small to have both a mafia and a government - it 's one or the other . '', 
  it was hilarious . 
  much like sin taxes on booze and cigars , i oppose things like this . 
  people need stress relief , for some it 's a few glasses at dinner , for others it 's a smoke in the break room . 
  for thirds it 's copious amounts of sugar . 
  we 're humans , we need to aliavate stress and while these things have a medically documented negative effects , it 's still better than being hooked up on anti-depressants . 
  and no , not all of us can become gym rats . 
  unrelated ? 
  we were going to get a cut out of everything going through that pipe . 
  and we were n't paying for the whole thing , just those that we 're on our territory - because it was a joint-ownership project ( though as you said we would n't have a say of what goes through it , because it goes to many countries ) . 
  we were fucked by the e.u. 
  and now they 're pretending it was all roses and honey . 
  i was recently there , the plitchevskite lakes were beautiful and dubrovnik was amazing . 
  but you guys have shit beaches , irredeemable !, 
   but lets be real , if they left , it 'd be mostly a practical net gain for the eu . 
  poland has one of the best growth rates of europe , if any other nation can become germany 2.0 or france 2.0 , it 's them . 
  a fully developed poland would be one of the juggernauts of europe . 
  what would a dumb hick like me know about multinational organizations ? 
  well , i hope someone else gives a good opinion on this . 
  to be fair this tends to happen a lot in non-fptp systems . 
  iran has the ambition of being the leader in the islamic world , that means that if given the means , they 'll project power , which includes projecting islam . 
  it would n't be exactly wahhabism , but i 'd argue that what they practice over there is n't all that better . 
  only because of their limited influence , do not confuse lack of ability , with lack of intent . 
  ah yes , perfect time to start spreading human rights ^ tm, 
  or ... stay with me here ... the united states of america has decided that given the current situation , the sanctions already imposed were insufficient to dissuade russia from it 's actions in ukraine . 
  seeing that america has decided that the actions must be tougher on russia , as to not have the same thing happen in belarus or any other non-nato member . 
  this would - of course - reassure partners who fear aggression from russia that the united states of america are serious in their opposition to russian imperialism . 
  they were n't . 
  commerce was limited within the warsaw pact , with very few exceptions , all done in the chain of county x -  ussr -  global market . 
  you were n't supposed to trade with evil capitalists . 
  every post-communist nation ( east germany not withstanding ) crashed in the 90 's . 
  they had build noncompetitive industries , producing lower quality goods at a slower rate . 
  the whole economical sphere of each country had to be rebuild to work in a global scale , from the warsaw pact and that just simply was n't possible . 
  it was not goldman sachs or anyone else . 
  the last 40 years had left those countries underdeveloped and uncompetative to the global markets . 
  once the isolation bubble was popped , it was over . 
  the fault for what happen in the 90 's lays in the isolation of the iron curtain . 
  just for this , i am downvoting you . 
  how am i european ? 
  sure if there was an european passport , i 'd probably have one , but in general i do n't really feel connected with what is usually considered `` the european identity '' . 
  during the renaissance and the industrial revolution we were enslaved by the ottomans and before that we were considered more barbarian , than members of civilized society . 
  today we 're just a post-communist state , rather than ... i do n't know how to put it ... denmark or luxembourg ( not the wealth , but the cultural ties ) . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone for this , i just ca n't see the bulgarian identity having anything to do with the european one . 
  i feel a certain kinship serbs and romanians , because of the joint ottoman/soviet heritage , than i do with the former colonial powers . 
  bullshit , the united nation 's security council is the singular most important international managing foreign policy . 
  unesco is vital for the preservation of historical monuments . 
  there are also development funds and initiative to help underdeveloped nations . 
  so far i 'd say it 's the most effect 100 + nation organization that exists . 
  the united nations human rights council should not be a thing . 
  not to diverge this thread , but this is the most german thing i 've ever seen and i love it . 
  ... from who and why ? 
  2200 years ago . 
  poll reinforces my preconceived notions , must be true, 
  fake , fake , 55 % is way too high . 
  the civilizations of their time were the egyptians , the hittites and the assyrians . 
  frankly , very few people talk about that period . 
  i do n't think macron has had any actual fuck ups though , it 's just the opinion polls are regressing to the means . 
  well , you can always demand our gold back from the russians . 
  i would n't hold my breath on that one , though . 
   britons here are scared af about the outcome should n't they ? 
  it 's probably not going to have a major impact on british life - at most it 's going to make london a bit more comfortable for people not in the financial sector - but it is a scary thing . 
   imagine germans did that as well they do , as does everyone . 
   i never , ever downvote or upvote anyone when chatting about politics upvote is to reward posts that contribute to a conversation , not show support or dissatisfaction . 
  yes , i do believe that ** when ** a referendum is being held , it should be honored . 
  i 'm against having to vote directly on every single issue , but when the time does come for a referendum , it should be binding - no matter how horrible the consequences ( as i believe lowering the party subsidies would have been ) . 
  right now - as it has been since the 90s - it 's the center-right ( gerb / simeon/sds ) vs the bulgarian socialist party . 
  that 's what it 's always been with minor parties destabilizing the government . 
  also , the part you quoted was there to show that the english honored the democratic vote , even when it was `` advisory '' . 
   it gets better . 
  china is investing in ai to better control citizens i do not believe this will end well for anyone involved . 
  i just imagined this , but with tsipras , i can not stop laughing .
