  ... or the germans to use polish planes . 
  alternatively you can spread construction among the different states , but then you 've replicated the u.s. military-industrial complex . 
  i 'm telling you - this is just trying to find a justification to the 2 % increase . 
  i 've been saying it until now and i 'll keep saying it - do not underestimate trump . 
  is it just me , or does the headline have nothing to do with the article ? 
  if the whole `` macron though guy '' did n't gave you a hint - this sub is hypocritical . 
  so what you 're saying is that the paris accord is useless , since everyone will move to china ? 
  if that 's the case than is climate change a serious issue ? 
  `` oh , they need it to make money , guess that 's fine . '', 
  does n't really align with `` we 're all going to die in a fireball !, 
  truly a leader we should all aspire to . 
  awesome - by how much is china cutting their emissions ? 
  yes , you did . 
  and yes , members can cherry-pick , if you look at the books there are asterisks everywhere . 
  the e.u. 
  is not a federal state , nor is it technically a confederation . 
   it was never going to be a smooth and quick path . 
  and there 's no guarantee to be successful . 
  people can choose not to make it successful . 
  the british have made that choice , others can as well . 
  brussels needs to learn its limits , this project is based on trust and cooperation , using force - economical , political or otherwise - is only going to endanger it . 
  and allow me to be clear - i support the european project , i will never support the e.u. 
  having as much power as the u.s. federal government . 
   when the czech republic joined the eu , they agreed to be a full part of it when they agreed to join , what is happening now was n't at the table . 
  nor was the condition of `` we 'll tell you what to do any you have to accept everything we say '' . 
   we 're quick to forget that the eu is a unification project without precedent . 
  that does n't give it a carte blanche to do whatever it wants . 
   they ca n't leave the situation as is for obvious reasons why not ? 
  what are the obvious reasons ? 
  yes , but are his supporters doubling down ? 
  because if this whole `` drumpf '' thing ends up giving him the 2020 election ... ( well , i actually like him , so it 's not like i mind ) . 
  more like thatcher 0.2 , may wishes she was half the leader thatcher was . 
  it 's almost as if this is the exact reason why nato is expanding . 
  i do n't think the political system can be consider solely responsible for this . 
  the wealth and warfare have changed as well . 
  you go back a century and all the wealth of , say berlin , was in berlin . 
  today ? 
  it 's mostly in computers that can transport digital signals to god knows where . 
  there is much more value in labor - programmers / investors / etc. 
  running to england is a much bigger wealth drain than a farmer running to france . 
  the nature of wealth has changed such that sacking has become much less profitable . 
  then you have weapons . 
  you do n't need nuclear weapons or even wmd 's to deal a lot of damage . 
  in a case of a french-italian war , let 's say italy loses ; italy would have severely reduced the ability of france to generate wealth . 
  we can do a lot of damage to each other now - even without the most powerful weapons on earth - war , despite the catchy phrase from fallout - has changed dramatically . 
  the idea of a `` liberal democracy '' has become a sacred cow , which is exactly why we should be asking questions about it . 
  in part i am saying this , because my government is planning on doing exactly what the poster quoted . 
  well ... maybe the `` liberal democracy '' experiment that 's been going since the 60 's was a mistake ? 
  it 's the most expensive in europe . 
  wooo !, 
  i have no idea what that means for us . 
   well , from my standpoint , he avoided a potential eu crack-up just by being elected , so he could do pretty much nothing from that point on and still be pretty successful . 
  the way i see it macron is more dangerous to the e.u. , than le pen ever was ... 1 ) le pen did not promise a frexit , but a referendum - it would have failed spectacularly . 
  2 ) even if she won , there 's no chance front national would have done `` too well '' on the parliamentary elections . 
  3 ) her economical policies are inept , after four years , she 'd have been kicked out `` bigly '' . 
  so now that we established the threat of le pen was greatly exaggerated . 
  1 ) macron has antagonized poland ( refugees ) 2 ) macron has antagonized ireland ( taxation code ) 3 ) i do believe he took a swing at hungary and he 's doing it at a time where dissatisfaction with the e.u. 
  is growing ( though that threat - much like le pen - is greatly exaggerated ) . 
  i 'm actually starting to wonder if there is n't a good side to a monarchy . 
  maybe they know something most of europe has forgotten . 
  i prefer a funding cut . 
  to me the e.u. 
  is a tool for foreign policy and global markets . 
  our country is a beneficiary from the e.u. 
  ( and frankly the richer one member of europe is , the richer the whole of europe is ) , but i understand that many people in the developed part of the union are already tired from paying us smaller folks . 
  it 's understandable and for now i prefer to keep the e.u. , than create further rifts ( despite my objection to how the e.u. 
  is running some foreign policy stuff ) . 
  frankly turning a profit in the air travel industry is n't too bad . 
  did you cleaned up the search history just in case it does some preferential match making ? 
   what the hell is wrong with bulgaria ,70 % favorable to putin . 
  essentially without russian interference bulgaria would probably never have been liberated , we owe a lot to the russians - despite everything that happened . 
  even those skeptical of russia tend to have a somewhat more mellow disposition , compared to western critics . 
  and often the leader is associated with the country . 
   they are the true trojan horse in the eu yes and we 've been saying that for awhile . 
  / jk  are unwilling to uphold article 5 of nato when the americans triggered article 5 , we send our boys to afghanistan . 
  when they asked us to go to iraq as well , we did . 
  we 've uphold our obligations . 
   sorry i am so drunk so maybe this is gibberish , i just remove it on the morning this makes perfect sense , because you know - at some point this is going to turn into just yet another daily event , too banal to even report . 
  that should n't happen , this is n't normal , this is n't right . 
  but yes - there is very little normal citizens can do at the moment , much less foreigners such as you and i. 
  look , i 've been seeing these posts for awhile now - something has to be done about this . 
  i 'm not advocating anything - i 'm not smart enough . 
  i just want theresa may or whoever the london mayor to come out and give a solution or plan . 
  there is a problem now , where there was n't a few years ago . 
  all the heartfelt slogans and hashtags and artwork means nothing , if the elected officials do nothing . 
   dear british friends , stay safe . 
  this is horrible . 
  they were n't in a dangerous area to begin with , they were on london bridge . 
  again - i 'm not smart enough to offer any solutions , but if it is what everyone 's first assumption is now - then i hope the people who are smart enough to offer solutions do step up their game . 
   i wo n't mind some eu funds for people in m\u00fcnchen why should the people of copenhagen pay so that you can have an apartment in munchen ? 
   this time we are all in it together , on the same side . 
  actually neither the us , nor russia , nor the uk ( soon ) are part of the e.u. , but i know what you mean . 
   but i do n't think bulgaria will be doomed to stay a `` redneck state '' . 
  i do n't think any country in europe can even become a `` redneck state '' . 
  too much culture here , and especially bulgaria has a very rich history . 
  my worry is more about economics than anything else . 
  as it stands we 're the poorest nation in the union , our growth rate is also much lower than that of other nations ( czechia , slovenia , romania ) , i 'm worried that we 'll always be two-steps behind . 
  which is n't a fault of the e.u. , but our own . 
  we were allies for both world wars . 
  we did not win .
