  hear that poland , you pieces of shit , it 's all your damn fault !, 
  on a serious note - what ? 
  thank god no other country is doing that at the moment , eh ? 
  frankly , this type of central planning has never really worked . 
  automation has been the boogieman for the last fifty years , so far we 're doing well . 
  this is n't going to happen tomorrow , it 's a gradual process . 
  if we gradually replace more jobs , as the population gradually declines , there should n't be too much of a problem . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're endorsing me or not ? 
  having less jobs does n't mean a decline in the quality of life . 
  have you seen the birthrates ? 
  i do n't think `` needing less labourers '' is a bad thing . 
  nah , i 'm just a very right-wing type of guy . 
  thatcher and reagan are pretty much my favorite modern era politicians . 
  i do n't want german and french representatives to have this type of power over my country . 
  to make an unpopular opinion , it feels like another e.u. 
  project trying to meddle with things it should n't . 
  stuff like this make the eu hard for me to swallow - i understand the need for it and love it from a `` mechanical '' point of view , but i just wish it did not engage in cultural events or charity ( yes i know my nation is a beneficiary ) . 
  good , hopefully we 'll get that cancer removed from europe sooner , rather than later . 
   neo-nazi you 're not an educated person , are you ? 
  this is more power than i 'd like the e.u. 
  to have . 
  that 's pretty accurate . 
  ... you 'd excuse me , if i do not accept your opinion on face value . 
  here 's the thing - if small nations do not get a little extra weight to their vote , they 'll just be vassals to germany and france , which means no one would ever join . 
   the national languages would be french and german ( similar to canada ) how about you do n't try to destroy my language and culture ? 
  same shit that happens with every u.s. president . 
  unless they were in the c.i.a. 
  they come with a somewhat rosy view of the world . 
  then they start getting the daily breefing and you see them move more and more towards what they were doing . 
  a common thing for clinton , bush , obama and trump is that they started with the idea of `` being friendly with russia '' , then they had to deal with russia for x amount of time and got dissilussioned . 
  with trump it 's working extra fast due to syria . 
  heck , bush campaigned as an isolationist , obama campaigned on closing gitmo and no more interventions . 
  trump is probably getting daily briefings and advice on how to proceed with the e.u. 
  for the benefit of the united states . 
  before he was campaigning and telling people what they wanted to see done ( and probably what he wanted to see done based on the information he had ) , now he has advisers and intelligence agencies advising him on how to proceed . 
  in all likelihood with information we have no access to to make moves we can not predict . 
  this is n't unique to america , `` oh shit i have to deal with reality '' is a common symptom for people when they take the reigns . 
  i think the current president of france had this same problem , when he campaign on promises that were la-la-land , then got to power and had a pretty nasty dose of reality served to him . 
  so what you 're saying is that we should judge you by the actions of klaus iohannis ? 
  same , i doubt we 'll see eye to eye that much , but given the choices i can see why they 'd group me with him . 
  nah , musk deserves credit where credit is due . 
  he 's the first one to be serious about reusable rockets . 
  nasa was planning the sls , the e.u. 
  was going to sit at arianspace forever , russians were happy with the old models as well . 
  bezos was doing blue origin , but who knows where that 'd have ended without spacex pushing the envelop . 
  tesla is not only making the cars , but also working on creating the infrastructure for them . 
  important stuff . 
  it 's not worse than before , but compared to the 90 's -00 's the world is an absolute mess . 
  ( then again , still better than the pre-90 's ) an unmanageable refugee crisis ( the refugees are n't just from syria / middle east ) , dictator next-door , the e.u. 
  seems to be breaking at the seams ( even if lepen is n't elected , the anti-e.u. 
  parts of her platform needs to be address one way or another , or there will be a `` lepen '' in the future ) , russia has decided to land-grab . 
  not exactly the bright future i thought this boat was sailing towards . 
  then again , i was probably too childish before . 
  as far as i 'm aware anything `` east '' of germany is `` far east '' . 
  at this point i 'm resigned to living in a worse world than the one i was born in . 
  it 's a weird feeling . 
  nah , look at the founding fathers of the united states of america . 
  the problem here is a deviation of ataturk 's vision , not veneration . 
  from my limited understanding of french politics and economics , `` le pen '' ** sounds ** like she has good economical policies , but what the country needs is some thatcherism to increase employment in the private sector . 
  also , it 's interesting how he did not even touch upon the policies of the other candidates , just fear mongreling . 
  [ wakey wakey ] ( https://i1.wp.com/www.thegospelintheendtimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/erdogan-laughing.jpg?resize=640%2c372 ), 
  i 'm mainly interested from the perspective of front national voters ? 
  do they suck a big one and hope for better the next election or is there anything macron can do to address their issues . 
  note : i know very little about macron , lepen or their respective parties . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  in english it would read as : pich ( equivalent to dude ) , bro, 
  i was half-expecting a russian flag when i saw this in my inbox . 
   tax union i 'm not paying 40 % income tax with a 20 % vat , just because the french want to have ten thousand social programs . 
  i mean , if they want them good for them , but that 's not a taxation level i find acceptable . 
  we 're aware , recently marches for a judicial reform started , so it 's very likely that we 're going to get a change in this regard - hopefully sooner , rather than later . 
   is bulgaria the worst or are there other countries just as bad or worse ? 
  it 's worse than it should be . 
  i ca n't say about hungary or serbia , but it 's worse than romania or greece . 
  you do realize that some nations have smaller tax rates , because their government have lower consumption ? 
  it 's hard to distinguish those who do it willingly , from people who just do n't like high taxes . 
  yeah , that sounds like a rip off . 
  hope you do n't encounter any of that , i 'll keep my eyes open next time i 'm in that area . 
   for example , i have heard that some buses are charging foreign children the adult fare , while charging local children the normal fare . 
  i do n't think there is a discount for children . 
  i might be wrong since i 've been an adult for awhile now , but discounts are for students and senior citizens only . 
  at least those run by the local government , rather than private inter-city lines . 
  i 'm not 100 % on this , as i 've said it 's been awhile since i was a child , but do n't be too surprise to find out there are no discounts . 
  btw i 'm not calling your source a liar or anything , but it is possible that those kids were either students or were traveling to another area , for which the price is lower ( some bus lines that go long distances ( varna - golden beach for example ) charge lower prices for shorter distances ) . 
  it is true that there is a lot of corruption here and it is not contained to the top of the ladder , but is pervasive through all strata of society . 
  that being said , it 's no a dystopian novel , so do n't expect some wacky venezuela adventure , you would n't be expected to pay bribes at hotels or restaurants . 
  you 're still going to have a cheap and pleasant stay . 
  i hope you and your family have a great time !, 
   by what right and what justice ? 
  my bias mostly . 
  i fully expect a greek to come into the comment section and challange me on it being rightfully greek . 
  think of it as banter . 
   they are neither serbs , nor greeks , nor bulgarians anymore ( if they ever really were ) . 
  they are their own nation now , and have the right to self-determination as any other nation . 
  which is all well and good except they claim bulgarian and greek history as their own . 
  for obvious reasons , this can not stand . 
  if they came out and admit to being a creation of tito , a lot of the tension would blow over . 
  but they do n't . 
  it 's not just the name , to cave in to greek and bulgarian demand they need to publicly acknowledge that they have fabricated / stolen their history , lose all reasonable claims for sovereignty ( essentially admit that they rightfully belong to either serbia , greece or bulgaria ) and admit to not knowing that macedonia was n't even located where they say it is located . 
  if they do cave to such demands ( as they rightfully should btw ) they would n't be joining nato or the eu .
