  there is no edge sharp enough to cut through his * pain . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  ha-ha loser , we 'll work for 1/6 the normal price , match me !, 
  yup . 
  judging from the title , you 'd assume this was some kind of a major news or legislation in the making - nope , just some hungarian cabin in the woods . 
  now i actually want someone to correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't labour also support these things ( even if they are not in their manifesto ) ? 
  no one ever said they had to have good education . 
  ... portugal knows what it did . 
  if she actually decides to go through with her encryption plan , brexit would be the least of your concern . 
  and i 'm not talking about the humanitarian aspect of it either , i can not put into words the financial damage of banning linux and requiring all encrypted software ( read : every modern commercial software ) to be rewritten . 
  it is so bad , i can not even imagine what the cost-estimate report would look like . 
  heck , even software written on older versions of windows ( 98/xp ) would probably need to be rewritten to comply with regulations . 
  i really hope this is the independent going for the clickbait , rather than 2017 trying to prove the libertarians right again . 
  someday people would realize that the e.u. 
  is actually the polish lebensraum . 
  yup , i do n't know about the rest of ee , but the consensus here is that the e.u. 
  is getting scammed by our government . 
  that or the european powers are deliberately bribing our politicians for who-knows-what . 
   i know what they did , nothing worse to their part of germany than what the other part got . 
  mate , east germany had a rebuilding plan during/after the merger . 
   please do not make the mistake of conflating the events in the soviet union and some other warsaw pact states and asssume it applied to the gdr , which actually benefited from the warsaw system more than any other besides the soviet union itself . 
  and it was still significantly poorer than the its western counterpart . 
   and please do n't pretend the u.s. had or has any less ambition for global supermacy , that would be unworthy of both of us . 
  they do , i 'm not going to pretend it does n't . 
  that being said i do prefer it to multi-polar world which has resulted in a war 100 % of the cases . 
   do you know what the u.s. did in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  well iraq is now a free democratic country . 
  i know it 's a shocker , but isis does n't even control a significant part of it anymore . 
  admittedly getting there was more painful , but it 's yet to be seen whatever that was a bad decision . 
  yes , i know about the civilian casualties , it 's awful . 
  that being said i do n't judge based utopian ideals , un peace keeping missions also tend to turn ugly . 
  afghanistan is afghanistan . 
   the economic troubles of the gdr was not solely to be blamed on the soviet union , but the warsaw pact as a whole was poorer due to being smaller economies in general yeah , being limited to whom you could trade , instead of the whole damn world , is going to result in smaller economies . 
   already being poorer before the war and thus obviously less wealthy with trade from the start well , central planning sure did n't help that one . 
   it did not . 
  the simple fact was that at no point the soviet union had the conventional capacity to invade and hold europe , nuclear weapons or not . 
  mate , there were a lot of commie sympathizers in the west , do not underestimate what these people could have done for the process of `` normalization '' . 
   blind believe into the u.s. somehow always doing what is best for us and not prioritise their own interests over ours is just delusional , its a country , not a charity . 
  yes , but when they do that you get human rights , free elections and economical growth . 
  choice b ) was anything but . 
  now your `` buddy '' china is missing 2 out of 3 ( and 3 contradicts your environmental standards ) . 
  russia today is ... heck i do n't even know what they have . 
  so you know , god bless america . 
   you know what germans would have liked ? 
  getting to chose . 
  what , being part of the soviet union ? 
  your leadership had the choice and chose to surrender to the americans . 
   not having a wall built through our country that was the soviets . 
   becoming desginated nuclear wasteland well if you were n't the epicenter of the previous big war , you would n't have been right smack at the middle of the conflict . 
  admittedly , trump is missing a few bolts . 
  ( although i agree with the nato comments ) that being said , he 's not the king of america . 
  the u.s. foreign policy is made by many people , over decades . 
  one man can not just undo / redo something - not even the president . 
  the paris agreement was never ratified by congress , because obama never brought it to congress . 
  if he had and it passed ( which as far as i know is very doubtful ) , then trump would n't have been able to `` pull out '' ( though without congress the u.s. was never committed ) . 
  i really hope this is your personal opinion and not one shared by the germans , but judging by this poll you 're more the standard , than the exception . 
   the marshall plan was to repair the global economy that suffered from europe being destroyed , not a favour of friendship . 
  and that plan meant turning you into a massive economical power with freely elected leaders . 
  count your lucky stars you got the americans . 
  you want to know what the soviets did ? 
  or the ottomans before them ? 
   germany spend a lot on the military before 1990 no shit ? 
  what , was your neighbor a single-party dictatorship that had ambition for global supremacy or something ? 
   and that was to serve the u.s. geostrategic interests ( and frances ) to not have the rest of germany become occupied by the soviets . 
  you notice a trend in the post-soviet states ? 
  kind of noticed how east germany was/is poorer ? 
  yeah , keeping the soviets out was n't just in the u.s. interests . 
   the u.s. did n't `` defend germany '' . 
  no , i 'm sure the massive nuclear arsenal did not serve as a deterrent to the soviet forces . 
  i 'm convinced your ground forces would have kept them out by themselves ... despite the fact that the russians grounded the wehrmacht into minced meat . 
   germany was a tool in the bulwark against the soviets . 
  it benefited both sides to various degrees . 
  explain `` various '' ? 
  it was a completely beneficial arrangement for both sides . 
  or they could have enacted a permanent occupation . 
  there were also ... other plans ... that were n't acted upon . 
  it 's not like de gaulle or churchill would have minded . 
  the united states of america is one of the few historical powers not to completely crush its enemies and the first one to actually rebuild them . 
  taking that away from them is historically unjust . 
  the last thing i want to see is this method being made to look foolish . 
   the us goverment has never been our ally out of trust or feeling of closeness and more out of realpolitik . 
  so ... the marshall plan was a mistake ? 
  you know they rebuilt your country , got you into a massive international trade network and have been defending you for god-know-how-long ? 
  and yes , them footing the bill on the military has allowed germany to redirect gdp towards economic growth . 
   we are keenly aware in just how little regard we are held by it . 
  you 've been a major partner since the second world war ended !, 
  in that case could we finally put a sock to the `` shared value '' things then ? 
  it 's obviously bollocks . 
  really ? 
  really ? 
  74 % do not trust a sixty year old ally ? 
  this is absolutely embarrassing . 
  it was done by the soviets and even the u.s. had a civil war . 
  also , the e.u. 
  has talked about sanctions against the v4 . 
  if they are willing to be economically hostile towards their fellow members , they 're willing to be other types of hostile as well . 
   i do n't see a argument in having separate armys . 
  i 'm afraid that such an army could be used against member states and i would oppose the creation of a joint force . 
  mind if i ask what are the benefits of base 12 to base 10 ... and why not - say - base 16 ? 
  good luck convincing the french to use german tanks .
