  which as i said - wishful thinking . 
   if you want to see some examples of that look at some modern european military equipment . 
  an fighter that lags behind the f-22 , a tank that 's good on paper , i 'm not even going to go into the navy . 
  in the small arms department we do produce some pretty good stuff , but i think the u.s. toys are good enough to the degree that it does not matter . 
  not here , they take the first train to germany . 
  we accept our quota and a few months later our quota is in berlin . 
   underpopulation is far better than overpopulation . 
  as we speak 1/3 of the working age population is outside of the country and they are not coming back , 20 years into the future and the government will not be able to pay for the pensions and the healthcare system - too many old people , too few tax payers . 
  in addition the high birthrates are with turks or gypsies . 
  turks create the problem ukraine has with russia , where a high turkish population might take us on collision course with turkey . 
  the gypsies have failed to integrate and while some of this can be blamed on racism , they have actively opposed any measures by the government to turn them into a productive group in society . 
  i hate to say it , but social security works much like a ponzi scheme , even with automation too few people are going to be paying into the system . 
  of the `` new '' birthrates it 's either going to be a group that can / will get us in trouble with the turks or a group that consumes a lot of resources and produces a lot of crime . 
  we need more natural births . 
  and no , germans and swedes are not going to start emigrating into a poorer nation ( economical parity is expected to be reached by 2040 , but this mark will probably be missed by the mounting problems i described ) . 
  this nation is absolutely doomed . 
  looking at future number is causing me much more desperation , than it should . 
  free trade agreements are good for trade and useless for everything else . 
  for japan , korea and other places , the u.s. is not just a trade partner , but a security partner as well . 
  if the worst is to come in east asia , they know the united states would be there to help them . 
  not only do they not have such guarantee from the e.u. , but even if they did , the e.u. 
  does not have the logistics capability to support an army from such a distance . 
  frankly , losing trade to the e.u. 
  might be preferable than losing the security umbrella of the united states . 
  the idea that the e.u. 
  would be able to catch up to the american military just like that is ludicrous . 
  in terms of air power the e.u. 
  not only does not posses any strategic bombers - for example - but it does not posses the ability to produce ones from the ground up . 
  stealth technology is non-existent for anything , but ships and even then it 's kind of questionable . 
  catching up to the americans would take decades . 
  calling it a `` non issue '' display profound ignorance on what the costs in both time and money involved in r&d . the e.u. 
  `` could '' undermine america only if the world revolved solely around gdp and in the case that no internal e.u. 
  country decides to sabotage the effort , which is very unlikely to begin with . 
  and frankly the u.s. is an economy which imports more , than it exports ; where the e.u. 
  is heavily based on exports . 
  if both are to take a gdp loss , the americans ** will ** come out better for it . 
  also as i stated should they decide to they can underbid us on exports ( due to regulations and work conditions ) without sacrificing quality in the end product . 
   the eu is economically on par with the us and even in a better position diplomatically . 
  the united states has allies in east asia ( japan , korea ) , the middle east ( `` iraq '' , saudi arabia , israel ... turkey ? 
  ) , europe ( britain ... if we exclude the rest of the e.u. ), 
  and oceania ( australia ) , the e.u. 
  gets extorted by * fucking * turkey and ca n't negotiate a deal with africa . 
   it only lacks the military , but that could easily be solved by an eu army if the will in europe was there . 
  the united states can deploy in any part of the world in less than 24 hours and has had successful campaign in afghanistan and iraq ( in so far that they 've neutralized all credible threats ) . 
  france needed u.s. assistance with libya and the whole of the e.u. 
  ca n't establish control of the mediterranean . 
   europe has simply no interest in being a super power with power projection around the world , but it is very well capable of it . 
  the e.u. 
  tried to establish a boycott on israeli goods ... and failied . 
  there was the doomed libya campaign where uncle sam had to help ; is failing to negotiate a deal with countries from which migrants comes and the paris accord has turned into a bigger nothing burger without the americans . 
  i understand the desire for us to be a superpower , but we 're just not comparable to the well oil machine of the united state , it would be decades for us to forge comparable alliance ( if we ever do ) , i do n't know if at this point we can even catch up to them in the military department ( a long conversation ) . 
  heck internally we 're fighting about gas pipelines and migrant redistribution . 
  it 'd be a long while , before we can stand up to the americans . 
  and this is why we ca n't have a high tax rate - people need to have enough money leftover to live . 
  an important difference . 
  the us can more quickly adapt to the situation though and in a trade war , i can see the e.u. 
  getting crush , due to the american 's much lower standard of regulation and work condition . 
  also , despite the rhetoric , america is a production powerhouse . 
  it would hurt both , but it would hurt us more , than it would hurt them . 
  better to be in eastern europe , than the balkans . 
   no , but requiring for example a two-thirds majority or even better a majority of people eligible to vote would be the preferable procedure from my point of view . 
  would n't that just make it a. . . ca n't remember the term ... that thing that is doomed to fail from the very start of its conception ? 
  in most cases when it comes to voting , the number of people who vote is a little above 50 % , sometimes up to 60 % something , not everyone votes - ever . 
  the voter turnout for the brexit referendum - for example - was 71.2 % , which is one of the highest voter turnouts ever made , most democracies would never see a voter turnout that high , so '' 2/3 of people eligible to vote '' is just making a mockery of democracy . 
  as for just requiring majority on the vote , it just seems like an arbitrary number for people displeased with the results . 
  why 2/3 and not 70 % ? 
  or why not 80 % ? 
  i can see someone making the 70 % argument if 68 % vote leave for example . 
   i think we can all agree that the choice to make such a colossal decision based on a simple majority vote yes , much better to leave it up to political cabals do it behind closed doors . 
   eu has every capability to undermine the usa the e.u. 
  does not have the capability to undermine the us in any manner . 
  or the duma could have succeeded , if the just pulled from the damned war . 
   to expand a bit ... 
  i do n't know if bulgaria has anything like that , over here we have these `` yugonostalgics '' . 
  we have those too . 
  as you said in a certain way they are right - the soviets were really good with maintaining discipline - but in general they are rightfully ignored . 
   but i 'm not sure how having only one power , or having multiple powers affects that . 
  rome and persia were able to establish peace ( and a long relative peace afterwords ) in their regions when they conquered everything . 
  when france and germany or france and england or the central powers and the allies were of comparable strength . 
  the point is that as long as rome and persia were unchallenged , peace was secured , as long as the european powers were of comparable strength , war was coming . 
   did we avoid wwiii because of politics , or because of nukes i 'm going to say both , nukes prevented war-as-usual , but at the same time if it was n't the soviet union and the usa , but some other , less reasonable nations , i can see someone pushing the button . 
   maybe the multiple-powers bit works as checks-and-balances ? 
  like , if there was only one power in the world , what would stop it from establishing a total dictatorship ? 
  historically this is what has happened and this is what happened to the soviet-occupied lands . 
  we 're kind of lucky to have the americans really . 
  i do n't think you know what a federation means . 
  while your comment is correct in that it the author was talking about the post-cold war era , my critique was on the part where you said `` regardless of what politicians do '' which is wrong , as you yourself have acknowledged . 
   my opinion is that politicians need to only be as `` good '' as it is needed so that nerds can do their work in peace . 
  which is different than saying that it does n't matter what happens in politics . 
   however , the same commies here built up industry , and universal free schooling and education , raised standards incomparably ... actually , the scale of the leap we had during communism is way , way larger than the last 25 + capitalist years . 
  that is not true however , there is also advancing on different speeds , which can lead to the argument of whatever or not it would have been more efficient without communism and how much communism owns this progress on exploiting labor , a conversation which i believe neither you , nor i are in the mood . 
  my point - to reiterate - was that it matters what politicians do , as you can clearly destroy progress in war or through disastrous economical policies . 
  happy ending is not guaranteed . 
   ... a matter of technology progressing ? 
  as in , the world developing regardless of what politicians do ? 
  as both world wars showed , it 's extremely easy to squander the boons of technology with a few good brawls . 
  a japanese-chinese conflict or another franco-germanic war would set the regions forty years back . 
  syria is an example of a somewhat modern state destroyed by war . 
  also despite the technological progress , venezuela is probably in one of the worst shaped in recent history . 
   a multipolar world , when done right , would most likely lead to peace , because cooperation is needed .
