  what you should care about is you have a better future , i do n't see how this is not going to be the case . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you live in the richest time of human history - you have a roof to call your own , you have cars , iphones , personal computers and magic : the gathering cards . 
  there is a greater health and social security than anywhen else in time ( even if you are an american ) . 
  fearmongroling aside , more people are becoming richer ( income for example has jumped across the world , eastern europe in particular is enjoy much more than it did before ) , people live longer and the fact that widespread access to food and tobacco are causing the majority of our health concerns is a compliment . 
  this is the best that it 's ever gotten . 
  `` it might suck '' was in reference that it 's not an utopia and we all feel it might be a bit unfair , but i rather have that than yet another example of broken impoverished nation wishing to reach perfection . 
  all jokes aside , i find it a good thing . 
  at least as long as they and the french do n't confuse themselves for america 2.0 . 
  i think this has more to do with taxes on sugar drinks , than coca cola pricing policy . 
  people in romania would not assume that the coke sold in romania is of lower quality , unless there is something indicating that . 
  coke ^ romania is going to raise some red flags . 
  ... because they can sell a product of lower quality at higher price ? 
  that 's a good deal for the production side . 
  most people do not spend hours researching quality standards and product difference between the same country . 
  we all live with the assumption that things that share the same label share the same standard of quality . 
  no one wants to be cheated though , so people when people find out that they have been sold trash , would be angry and react accordingly . 
  they 're trying to make an extra buck on the ignorance of people . 
  if it has an uniformed standard it would n't need to have the extra label . 
  producers . 
  the guy that makes the canned tuna fish . 
   everything involving the german government is convoluted beyond anything you can ever imagine nonsense , i 've found german bureaucracy to be fairly streamlined . 
  yes , this will actually have an impact on the market . 
  this is probably the best case scenario we can get . 
  i assure you some suppliers would prefer to introduce european quality parity , than risk some upstarts cutting into their profits . 
   that is terrible way to live - `` i can not spend money now , i need to save it for when i am old and can not utilize it in a way i can now '' . 
  you 'll be as alive at 70 , as you are now . 
  saving for retirement is not a bad idea . 
  you do n't want to be hit by the realization that you 've saved nothing at 45 ( as i 've seen this happen to people ) . 
   so why are the riche keeps getting richer ? 
  because they outsource to china and india . 
  make no mistake , you step on that peddle too hard and they 'll just move . 
  that 's an option for them ( especially the ones you have in mind ) . 
  heck , chances are 80 % of their company is already overseas . 
  it might suck , but it is what it is . 
  it is going to be awhile to get this sorted out . 
  this is n't getting buried either , it has become a slow-burn political issue and the news have not shied away from reporting it . 
  if not resolved until next elections , it 'd probably become a springboard platform for smaller parties , which means major parties would be unable to ignore it . 
  it 's what i 'm betting my money on . 
  maybe you could do it to trains , but ships , heavy duty trucks , planes and tanks ? 
  forget it . 
  nah , i 'd rather advocate that you pay higher prices . 
  because fuck you . 
  so instead of putting their goals in the paris accord they wrote down `` whatever '' and did their own thing ? 
  the paris accord ignored climate change , while putting enough make up to fool you into believing something was being done . 
  either we 're serious about it or we 're not and i 'm tired of seeing cosmetic efforts being done about it . 
  we wo n't have enough qualified people to maintain the pipes and power grid . 
  anyone with education that allows him to do that is moving anywhere from germany to spain , to england . 
  you 're right ... it was actually a chinese hoax all this time . 
  with china and india setting the goal of `` think about it around 2030 '' . 
  no , i actually believe you 're stupid enough not to know how taxes work . 
  the paris accord is / was not a good deal . 
  then you need to learn how taxation works . 
   free healthcare that does n't exist . 
  yup , a few days ago we had a special running on the fact that in the near future we 'll have a critical shortage of engineers . 
  frankly i found out today in the news and i 'm appalled . 
  this has been suggested by a business association and the justification they gave was `` to make bulgaria more competitive '' . 
  i 'm actually out of words on this . 
  how is reducing the minimum wage in the poorest e.u. 
  country supposed to make us more competative . 
  tl ; dr an association of private businesses wants to decrease the minimum wage from 460 bgn ( 235.50 euro ) to 316 bgn ( 161.54 euro ) . 
  what 's not in this article , but is [ in this one ] ( https://www.vesti.bg/bulgaria/biznesyt-iska-po-niska-zaplata-kakvo-kazva-kabinetyt-6071875 ) ( too lazy to translate atm ) is that there are ongoing talks on the matter . 
  the national assembly is in recess , until september , when this could brought up for vote . 
  yes and they 're cutting my water every few weeks , because one of the pipes is in constant repair . 
  issues like this should be in the past , for god 's sake !, 
  yeah , you 'd think that by 2017 completely modernized nations would have this stuff together . 
  seriously , i do n't even know where to put the finger on these things . 
  put into that context , it sounds like the americans have a better idea of what they are doing . 
   as with the videos you linked , trump always says things like `` nafta is the worst thing ever '' , but he never says why and what he wants to change . 
  he gave several states as examples of places negatively affected by it as well as numbers attributed to it . 
   so , he ca n't say what he is going to negotiate for because the other party has not signed it yet ? 
  did macron gave a detail reform policy for the e.u. ? 
  did may give a detailed brexit plan ? 
  you just plan to have people sit on the table , you ca n't promise anything beyond that . 
  yeah , i do n't have a whole day to waste on this . 
   no , i am clearly not saying that . 
  here 's your quote . 
   highly doubt it . 
  those are very complicated matters , the implications of multi-national trade agreements are nothing a layman can ** easily judge correctly . 
  ** now you can try and juggle this `` easily '' part all you want , but we got the implication . 
  i am saying that trump ran on an anti-globalisation platform without explaining his reasons [ his opposition to nafta and tpp . ], 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dw7jhhzrqk also if you keep calling it anti-globalization , you 're going to miss the intricacies . 
  his reasonings - as i have said before - was the perception of tpp and nafta as unfair deals , because of outsourcing . 
  his opposition to nato non-commitment , because of the money the u.s. spends on the military . 
  he also talked about how `` soft '' obama was on isis ( though he has n't been that much harder ) and has advocated non-interventionism ( to which he has shown commitment by [ disassociating with the syrian rebels ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-ends-covert-cia-program-to-arm-anti-assad-rebels-in-syria-a-move-sought-by-moscow/2017/07/19/b6821a62-6beb-11e7-96ab-5f38140b38cc_story.html?utm_term=.656218339fa2 ) he did n't go around in circles screaming `` globalism bad ! '', 
   if he does n't like it , he should be able to name what it is he does n't like and what he intends to change . 
  he did say what he did n't like , he ca n't say what he wants to change , because every change has to be signed by the canadians and mexicans . 
  if he promises something and it later turns out that any of the other nations do not agree , it 'd be bad in several ways . 
   so why be so admant about something out of your control , with no plan and zero effort to mediate between opposing factions in congress ? 
  that is text book populism . 
  because it garners votes , it happens in every democracy ( `` strong and stable '' ) , [ clinton did it too . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etvcsprtshm )  a single example of trump explaining his motives and suggesting a solution with an explanation for why that solution will work is sufficient . 
   highly doubt it . 
  those are very complicated matters , the implications of multi-national trade agreements are nothing a layman can easily judge correctly . 
  so what you 're saying is that he would have wasted his time if he tried to explain the intricacies to the layman ? 
   he should have explained the problems he had with those deals and what he intends to change . 
  without having negotiated them ? 
  how ? 
  `` i do n't like it , i 'm going to renegotiate or pull out '' is the most he could do before entering office . 
   that is exactly what i mean .
