  they requires massive economical input from people that put more into the tax system , then they take out . 
  which is a different can of worms i 'm not really worried about , the `` robots will leave us poor and unemployed '' has been going since the 60 's . 
  still has n't happened . 
  yes , he is . 
  if you want to have money for pensions , then yes , you do . 
   is this supposed to be a new entity inside the eu ? 
  no , it 's an infrastructure project . 
   is it a good thing to have the eastern states in a project that may compete at some point with the eu ? 
  it is good for small countries to cooperate without the input of larger ones . 
   who will pay for all the projects listed in this short video ? 
  the 12 countries that are part of the initiative . 
   who guarantees the american gas will be cheaper ? 
  no one ? 
  why should anyone ? 
   it could be a great opportunity for poland to make more money by reselling the gas , but will it be a good thing for say romania and bulgaria ? 
  romania already plans to extract its black sea gas next year and become an exporter in the near future . 
  and romania can not use this new infrastructure to sell gas , because ... ? 
  yeah well , if we 're going to have a race to the bottom , why not go at mach 5 ? 
  set a fire to a trashcan , brick a car , loot a store , there 's a lot of things he could do ... 
   the ships , full of refugees , we are letting in our ports are not from lybia , they are from from europeans ngos , and we are supposed to let them in according to the dublin regulations . 
  which the governments mention in the article ignore ? 
   just for your information , there are 1000 + people on the italy/france border trying to go to france . 
  we can not let them pass because they are refugees , so they can not leave our country . 
  the ones that manage to hop the border are brought back to italy if catched . 
  if the french do n't care to help them , why should you ? 
  is n't that exactly what he said ? 
   this is just going to open the doors for the far right populists in the next elections . 
  guess who 's going to close the ports . 
  are we talking .50 cal or rubber bullets ? 
  protecting property rights is n't `` senseless violence '' . 
  this is wrong on all levels , there is n't a level on which this is right . 
  i think this is macron refusing to be delegated to the back of the photo shoot , more than anything trump related . 
  leave our mod team alone !, 
  ya know , i 'm sure trump is not a big fan of merkel ( and vice versa ) , but he 'd take her over schulz . 
  nothing beats the salad + rakia combo . 
  i do n't , it 's a good way for someone to abuse the crap out of it . 
  i 'm way too lazy to watch the whole 2 hours of it ( and have better things to do ) , but if he talked about intermarium , then i 'm all for it . 
  if the e.u. 
  project fails eastern europe , parts of central europe and the balkans need to protect themselves from becoming a plaything of the germans and the russians . 
  i can see an alliance based on the paranoia of germany , russia and the turks working out for a long-while . 
  dude , i do not want to personally insult you , but you have a massive issue with reading comprehension . 
  that 's some massive leaps of logic you 're doing there buddy . 
  there is nothing in what you posted that links trump to putin , or vice versa . 
  [ there is no evidence on trump - putin collusion , stated by comey . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj7-5s0vfz8 ), 
  a ) yes , memes do not have to be exactly fictions . 
  b ) if you have a proof for it being true , there is a pulitzer prize waiting for you . 
  [ well the u.s. started to supply weapons to ukraine . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/looks-like-the-us-will-start-providing-ukraine-with-weapons-to-combat-russia-with-2017-6 ) [ they also wanted addittional sanctions ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germanys-angela-merkel-slams-planned-us-sanctions-on-russia/a-39276878 ) [ but merkel threw a hissy fit . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/06/16/germany-threatens-retaliation-us-pushes-ahead-russia-sanctions/ ) so you know - the united states of america is trying to do something to resolve the issue , but as you can see some of their allies are not serious on the matter . 
  holy shit , it is typical reddit post ^ tm the situation with snowden is a complex one and there are good reason why no government is ever going to forgive anyone acting like that . 
  you fantastic conjurations on whatever trump is doing need to be backed by reality , if you have a reliable source for your accusations that this department is meant to undermine whistleblowing - an actual reliable source not based on speculations or conspiracy theories - then do provide us for our collective benefit . 
  [ created a department that helps to protect whistleblowers ? 
  ] ( http://www.upi.com/top_news/us/2017/04/27/trump-signs-order-to-protect-whistleblowers-at-va-department/6491493320483/ ), 
  somewhat related , does anyone feel like the climate has changed a bit ? 
  i do not remember such summer rainstorms as we have now and the winter has been way too warm for a few years now . 
  awesome , does that mean we 're abolishing the [ common customs tariff ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/calculation-customs-duties/what-is-common-customs-tariff_en ) ? 
  the mandatory attendance is once a month - at worst it should be twice a week . 
  when one of us gets richer , all of us get richer . 
  this is n't some nice good feel thing either , it 's how economy works . 
  hopefully we 'll see upwards mobility for the rest of the continent as well . 
  great job polska !, 
  yeah ... germany and canada do not have an influence over the world . 
  edit : the only countries with actual world-influence on that list are france , the united states , china and russia . 
  the rest are at best affecting their immediate region . 
  recently we had a referendum on changing our political system and party subsidies , the national assembly decided to ignore it . 
  my hat goes off to the british for actually having a democratic society - even if it has its flaws . 
   where is this `` european solidarity '' now ? 
  the same place it was during the greek financial crisis ? 
  where does this notion for `` european solidarity '' comes from anyway ? 
   croatia , slovenia , slovakia , bulgaria and romania . 
  what happened to these countries that they want to accept migrants ? 
  they leave for germany almost immediately , everyone knows it , so we do n't care . 
  also , if i remember correctly germany is giving us cash to subsidize them , until they decide to move to berlin , so it 's absolutely no skin of our bone . 
  they do n't stay and we do n't pay for them . 
   also , why the hell is austria doing nothing ? 
  austria is deploying the military to guard the italian border , make of that what you will . 
  i did not say norway/sweden were part of the ottoman empire . 
  in 1910 norway and sweden were not one nation and we were not part of the ottoman empire . 
  the automation hysteria has been going on since the iceman took a hike . 
  there is still a need for people to operate industry and they 'll be a need for people to operate industry in 2050 . 
  even if it was automated you 'd still need highly qualified people to maintain and operate the machines . 
  those people are leaving for germany , france or other better paid nations . 
  they get paid one of the best salaries our country can offer , but that is still not competitive to the rest of the e.u. 
  also , your model excludes the factor of an ever-increasing minority that is a welfare sponge ( gypsies ) , although with open borders they might fuck off to denmark or the netherlands . 
  i hope you 're right , but i 'm not seeing it . 
  what kind of an inbred , historically illiterate retard made this map ? 
  by 2050 we 'd have lost 25 % of the population . 
  the only people that 'd be left here will be the pensioneires . 
  we 're going to have a massive problem . 
  especially considering how many high-skill and essential-skill young people are leaving . 
  the bigger problem here is the brain drain , if yesterday 's news special is an indication , our nation if absolutely fucked beyond belief . 
  that the bulgarians were turkic people ? 
  yugoslavia was the fault of tito and the soviets . 
  definitely balkans ... 
  why do this ? 
  considering our part of the world , there are flashbacks involved . 
  i mean - do what you will - but there is a big question of `` why would you do this to your country ? '', 
  also , if the german government did n't think it was wrong , they would n't have used the gay issue as a cover for this . 
  the cynic in me just sees a powerplay based on who 's sitting where .
