  if you want a good life '' . 
  the hell am i supposed to say to this ? 
  yeah , well , what about those of us who are left ( or choose to remain ) here ? 
  no one wants to be china forever . 
  i swear to god if we get out of this hole , we 'll probably be some pathological motherfuckers . 
  added to the `` more eastern regions '' , sorry about the omission . 
  it has better wages and better social security , than anyone else in the region . 
  it 's only worse compared to western europe . 
  greece is still the richest country in its region . 
  brussels should lack on any map :d / jk, 
  see , maps like this crush my hopes that someday things will be better here . 
  i 've been thinking about how much of this could be due to neighbours . 
  england , germany , france , the netherlands , belgium and the nordics have accumulated wealth consistently since the industrial revolution . 
  then you have the more eastern regions - poland , czechia , slovakia , slovenia , hungary - which are poorer than their western counterparts , but richer than belarus , ukrain or the balkans . 
  then you have the northern balkans - croatia and romania , which are richer than the central balkans ( bulgaria , serbia , bosna and hezeghovina , albania ~ ~ macedonia ~ ~ ) then you have some anomaly with greece , but from greece you have turkey which is overall poorer than the greeks ( excluding ankara and istanbul ) and north africa . 
  in this way southern italy has in it 's region the wealthy north , but the much poorer western balkans and north africa . 
  just something i 've mulled over . 
  the french have already agreed to use the german [ hk-416 . 
  ] ( http://www.heckler-koch.com/en/press/detail/article/france-selects-the-hk416-as-its-new-assault-rifle.html )  after being in service with the french army for over 30 years , the old `` famas '' assault rifle is to be succeeded by heckler & koch 's modern hk416f as the `` arme individuelle future ( aif ) '' . 
   part of why standardizing eu military equipment is going to be a decades long quagmire is that every country is going to try to get their equipment to become eu standard . 
  which is why it 's not being done by the e.u. , but seperately . 
  first it 's just germany and france , then spain and italy join , then the rest slowly follow . 
  which is probably how a lot of those non-e.u. 
  european initiatives started . 
  for those wondering this is what the comment said ...  yes , which is why i think you and the frogs are trying to set up the foundations for a standardized e.u. 
  military equipment . 
  edit : and assault rifle it had an rt link so automod removed it . 
   nato is a defensive alliance so europe will not help them against china in the china seas . 
  many of us went to iraq for the americans , france is currently bombing syria , i would n't bet money on europe staying silent in such a conflict . 
  also if china attacks the u.s. it 's still article 5 material . 
   ... but then if europe can take care of its self defense , why would it need the us ? 
  because military cooperation is preferable to a reenactment of the early 20th century ? 
  it also creates a powerblock that dissuades china or russia from thinking `` yeah , we can take 'em . '', 
  there are currently 488 eurofighters in operation vs 144 rafales . 
  i suspect the americans genuinely want better armed allies . 
  for them it 'd be nice to buy from them , but just having someone else with reliable military might - especially with the uncertainties regarding russia and china - would be good enough . 
   to expand on it though , because the single-market extends to contractors and employees of franco-german defense companies , these projects inevitably will employ our own people i 'm not seeing this trickling down . 
  the defense industry , unlike others , can be limited in their efforts to export and i do think this is an attempt to secure jobs in a world where automation and outsourcing are becoming more and more common . 
  and you know , to begin with how many parts of the eurofighter/rafael/leopard are produced in bulgaria or romania ? 
  now in fairness as far as i know neither bulgaria , nor romania has an industry for either tanks or planes - period - so it 's not like we 're being cheated or they 're taking our jobs . 
  but i do think this is something designed to benefit germany and france ( with maybe italy being included later on due to the eurofighter , but who knows ) from the get go . 
  i really need to start putting / jk 's at the end of some posts . 
  that being said , it was n't a complete joke . 
  it was a decent plane , but it did not have the exportability or renown of the eurofighter or the american planes ( f-22 and the b-series not withstanding ) . 
  it might be more beneficial to develop a plane with the germans that 'd have a wider market reach , than go solo and have to compete with the neighbor on the international market . 
  ** massive tinfoil hat status : on ** the u.s. is pushing for nato countries to raise their military spending to 2 % , most of that spending would be done in rearmament and modernization . 
  if germany and france manage to create the tanks and planes that would be standardized for this new e.u. 
  rearmament than they would get the money they put into the e.u. 
  project and then some . 
  by some i mean a massive payday as not only would they get the benefit of hard cash , but also the benefit of the jobs and factories being in their countries . 
  sure , the new plane would n't be waving the french or german flag , but it 's not supposed to , it 's supposed to be one of the many paydays to come for the franco-germanic project . 
  after the embarrassment that was the rafael , i doubt it . 
  50 $ that it ( and the leopard ) would be the vanguard for a standardized european military equipment . 
  just slam the logo and remove the rest . 
  what kind of a rich ass oligarch owns this ? 
  because i 'm telling you right now that this has too much comfy wood to belong to just anyone . 
  it should have tin plates on at least two of the walls . 
   the saber guardian exercises have been held annually since 2013 in the black sea region . 
   you also have european countries opting to buy american products over european made products ie when poland canceled a contract with airbus worth billions in favor of us helicopters . 
  poland has the real fear of turning into ukraine 2.0 , they can not use their military as an influence-buying tool . 
   then there 's countries like the uk , albeit wont be in the eu for long - will launch # 6.2 billion aircraft carriers with one tiny problem . . china/russia have been working feverishly to create missiles to take out western military satellites that these advanced ships depend on while also making missiles that 'd be capable of destroying these ships . 
  long story short - i would n't worry about those missiles too much . 
  the ability of one of them to hit a carrier is questionable at best . 
   when you have 10 advanced new missiles raining down upon your new # 3billion ship and those missiles cost around # 500,000 each . . how likely is it that ship will survive ? 
  actually ... big . 
   europe needs to listen to washington and stop decreasing it 's budget and working with just efficiency and increase it . 
  yes . 
  i 'd leave that to smarter people than me , just saying we can do something independently . 
  we could do it without the e.u. 
  you know ? 
  the visegrad group is not part of the e.u. , neither is its younger counterpart the craiova group , nor is the three seas initiative . 
  if the e.u. 
  is incapable / unwilling of dealing with this , i 'm sure we can find another way of doing things . 
  with a camera , here 's [ footage of pope leo xiii made in 1896 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzlduvnw-fa ) , sound superimposed . 
  the coloring were done through digital enhancement based on the grayscale . 
  you know , i do n't particularly blame the people who started ww i. i mean sure , it was a war that was fought for no reason , but people were still in the 19th century empire mind set and no one had battled any major enemies since napoleon . 
  not to mention that no one in high position saw a long war coming . 
  demanding that they conform to late 20th century - 21st century thinking is unrealistic . 
  i blame everyone for not stopping this at 2016 when the reality of the situation was made abundantly clear . 
  well this is absolutely brutal . 
  eh ... it 's not like modern buildings are made in the brutalism style anymore . 
  i quite enjoy some of the new living apartments being constructed . 
  as for office buildings - sure the glass cubes look bland from the outside , however working inside a well lit office is much preferable to the alternative . 
  as for the grandiose buildings - taxpayers tend to bitch when their money is being spent on statutes or arches . 
  personally i 'm very willing to pay taxes for beautification , but i understand a lot of people do not share this sentiment . 
  yeah , how often do companies have to take tax brakes for zero profit years as is ? 
  how much of the wealth is in actual assets and warchests ? 
  i 'm not making argument for lower taxation , but against the notion that `` tax the rich '' is a cure-all . 
  as new medicine has been developed and new medical specializations have emerged prices for medicine has gone up . 
  more and more new technology has been developed for the police department to keep up with and the new digital age has created new security demands ( even if you are for anonymous internet ( as i am ) there are still genuine criminals spreading wetworks , drugs and pedophilia ) . 
  the financial strain upon the state has increased several fold . 
  many point to the '50s -60 s in us history when talking about financing the state through taxing the rich , but no one talks about how much smaller the state was at the time . 
  the rich are not rich enough to do so by themselves anymore . 
  if we want a government that is modern , we need a large pool of taxpayers . 
  it still would n't work . 
  the rich are n't that rich , if you went to the fortune 500 , you 'll see how fast the numbers fall . 
  furthermore those `` wow '' wealth numbers tend to be lifetime savings . 
  and - as the meme goes - the canadians are sorry for it . 
  yes . 
  well , if there are n't then the social security systems collapse .
