  no , you 're still the greatest nation on earth . 
  the self-flagellation from citizens of the most powerful , secure and wealthy nation on the planet is grating . 
  no , but if we are to define him by his enemies ... 
   the coal industry is being killed off by market forces . 
  so the paris agreement is redundant ? 
  i am utterly terrified that bulgaria would forever be doomed to be the backwater redneck state of the e.u. 
  and we are just going to end up being in a disastrous relationship with the germans ( again ) . 
  also , romania has wonderful lemonade . 
  yes , i know , that 's a weird observation . 
  greece either has the wonderful tradition of serving free watermelon after each meal , or the audacity to stealth-charge tourist for a desert they would n't otherwise order . 
  the e.u. 
  has sanctioned russia and tried to sanction israel . 
  you ca n't actually make an enemy out of all your friends and prosper . 
  well , i 've been hearing people bitch about u.s. leadership for decades now , let 's see what e.u. 
  leadership can do . 
  the u.s. shares a bit of the british mentality when it comes to sovereignty , if you try to bully them they 'll just see you as an enemy to be given no grounds . 
  how is brussels not levying taxes directly considered `` race-to-the-bottom '' ? 
  is there anyone the e.u. 
  does n't plan of making an enemy out of ? 
  yes , but there is more to low taxes , than a tax heaven . 
   we can have a federal tax and a national tax similar to the us . 
  no , the current `` pay 1 % of national budget '' is good enough . 
  i do n't want someone far away in brussels dictating what taxes i pay . 
   no more unelected people . 
  have a president , a vice president , a parliament and a senate and call it a day . 
  remove the vice president and the president , put a dual councilship where they can veto each other and i might be interested . 
  although - why have an executive branch ? 
  yes , the richest , most powerful nation in the world `` does not work '' . 
  fine , fine , future generations will prove me right !, 
  if that is a violation of human rights , than any insult is a violation of human rights . 
  look , i 'm telling you , you 've been doing it wrong and if europe is to become a cultural leader once again , it needs to adopt the superior slavic language . 
  edit : the day when germans and french write in fabulous cyrillic is fast approaching !, 
  what about [ interslavic ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interslavic_language ), 
   the issue is that other countries like russia , canada , india and such might pull out too now that it does n't mean going against the entire international community any longer . 
  would it be better if they stayed and ignored it ? 
   you do n't hear about it because it 's mostly not the result of any policies but market forces so the libertarians are right again ? 
  i thought the polish flag was an instruction sheet for future russians and germans ? 
  just refurbish auschwitz and throw them in . 
  yes , a lot of call centers for uk/germany/france are located in our little corner of the world . 
  the chinese are also planning to build a lot of factories in the coming years . 
  that being said we also want high skill jobs as well , since otherwise we 're just going to be a sweatshop , and a way to attract big companies is a low tax rate . 
  no , the only reason we 've been able to make a recovery is because of low tax rates for corporations , exemptions and low wage workforce . 
  i refuse to see my country become some kind of a perverse cheap sweatshop of the e.u. , keep your tax levels as far away from my country as possible . 
  wait ... did n't goebbels save a bunch of jews during the war ? 
  ooooh ... you 're talking about his jerky brother . 
  i 've been thinking about something ... what if germany or japan do became hostile to america ? 
  not in the military sense per say , but just a diplomatic or economical saboteur ? 
  would it mean that post-wwii reconstruction was a mistake and the americans should have just did to their enemies what rome did to carthage ? 
  there is a broader implication to the cooling of german-american relationship . 
  it 's not exactly what is being discussed here , but seeing these constant anti-us threats popping up , it made me think about the broader implications . 
   he is a populist that word most definitely does not mean , what you think it means . 
  while there is some leverage on that ... it could be an economical suicide on part of russia . 
  the e.u. 
  is not ukraine , it can decide to `` put it all on black '' , block imports from russia and import it from the saudis and the u.s. through tankers . 
  it 'd be hell of expensive , but the e.u. 
  is rich enough , as i said , to `` put it all on black '' . 
  this is n't to say that russia can not try and squeeze , but rather that europe can call putin on that bluff for the detriment of russia . 
  which is why the kremlin has been very reluctant to use that as a counter-sanctions to what happened in crimea . 
  maybe they could turn it into a bonding experience . 
  awesome , someone inform the cia !, 
  highest chance for your girlfriend to have starred in a porn . 
  also , their beer is better , than the german 's . 
   i do n't know . 
  putin , unfortunately , has a lot of influence -- enough so to make life hard for you . 
  like what ? 
  `` i do n't know '' is not an adequate reply to the charge of him being capable of sabotaging the french president . 
   it is a good thing if more and more people start criticizing putin and calling him out for the autocrat he is . 
  i very much doubt this 'd change anything , except make putin less disposed to dealing with us . 
   also , in what way is calling out obvious propaganda and influence in foreign elections being an asshole ? 
  it achieves nothing but antagonize putin ? 
  he 's right , but polite people do not do that . 
  let 's not pretend we are that socially inept , as to not understand why this is an insult - true or not . 
  furthermore by pointing this out macron achieves nothing , but to offend putin . 
  the sole reason he says that is to offend putin . 
  there 's nothing in else in it . 
  put economic sanctions on france ? 
  ride russian tanks into paris ? 
  outmaneuver the french and american intelligence agencies to create a coup / oust the elected government ? 
  putin is n't going to do anything . 
  `` big balls '' my ass , macron is just being an asshole . 
  now it 's true - putin is a less than stelar individual - but let 's not pretend this is some major act of bravery . 
  so the last assassination of a president happen before the second world war by a demented person ? 
  yeah , that 's a text books example of how putin would act . 
  putin is n't going to do jack-shit and he never was . 
  why ? 
  would putin do anything to him ? 
  it 's not like he 's going to poison the french president . 
  stalinist architecture was also pretty cool . 
  i 'm not talking about the brutalism style that came later on , but the early soviet architecture which goes by that name . 
  [ here 's some examples . 
  have an upvote . 
  the office of the first 20th century man to start the project of an unified europe . 
  well , they are ? 
  i do n't . 
  this looks like one of those offices where you either blow your brains out , or your co-workers . 
  i 'm not advocating for french-style extravagance , but jesus . 
  i mean , a male teacher dating a teenage student would have made him look worse than filion . 
  if he was a teacher who started to date a 15 year old student , i can guarantee you the issue would have sunk his campaign . 
  i 'm starting to get the feeling macron is a very insecure person .
