  all we know is that he is against obamacare . 
  he has no plan , he has no idea what to do once obamacare is repealed . 
  he just wants it gone for some reason he himself can not seem to name . 
  this does not fall under the jurisdiction of the president , this is in the domain of congress . 
  the president can veto or not . 
   ok , enlighten me . 
  what was trumps big plan with that wall , or other than that wall or what ever ? 
  +  name the reason they saw than , which my poor , ill-informed self ca n't see . 
  i 'm honestly not involved enough to summarize a two-year campaign in a single reddit post right now . 
   i do n't think the average trump voter had any idea , what tpp or nafta meant for them yes , they did . 
   his campaign in that regard was purely destructive as opposed to constructive and so far he has not presented an alternative for anything he promised to change . 
  what , do you expect him to give a detail alternative to nafta , without talking to the mexicans and canadians first ? 
  he said he 'd support a repeal & replace of obamacare , this is all he could do as a president - everything else is up to congress . 
   well , i do n't recall any solutions presented by trump yeah , there 's no way for me to formulate this nicely - the problem here is your perception , not theirs . 
  just because you do n't recall anything else than the wall , does n't mean there was n't anything , than the wall . 
   so the question is , why did they believe in him and his platform ? 
  i do n't see the reason . 
  because they were better informed than you . 
  which is why i do n't bash the e.u. 
  for being undemocratic :p, 
   trump ran his campaign purely on an anti-globalisation and anti-immigration platform his anti-globalisation platform was not working in the abstract . 
  there was a clear tie-in with the economy . 
  he was in opposition of the tpp agreement , which he and many constituents percieved as another way to outsource jobs . 
  he wanted to renegotiate nafta as he considered it unfair . 
  so far he has killed the tpp and is ( well , his administration ) currently renegotiating nafta . 
  his proposed economical platform is being implemented ( with massive regulation cuts to boot ) . 
  he also wanted to stop the h1b visa abuse - which is well documented to have happened - and more commitment to nato from member states . 
  if i remember correctly changes have been made to the visa proceedings ( could be wrong ) and we 'll see how it goes with nato , i will not speculate on that here . 
   which did not address the actual problems the nation has in the least with all due respect , after the things i 've listed above , i do n't think calling his work `` not addressing the problems '' a major thing . 
  furthermore my post was about perception , not reality . 
   so the question why the american people elected trump still remains . 
  if they wanted actual change , they would have flocked to a candidate of a third party . 
  because they believe in him and his platform , which you clearly do not . 
  i mean not to be a judgmental , but you seem to perceive yourself as standing higher on the totem pole than the average american voter . 
  they saw trump and said `` good enough '' , or were just too terrified of ~ ~ mrs. ~ ~ secretary clinton . 
  after about 8 years of bashing , many people see obama as having weakened the nation . 
  i 'm not saying it is so , i 'm saying it 's perceived as such . 
  the `` blue wall '' clinton and the democrats had fell and all pundits that do not scream russia or racism all the time seem to believe the driving factor was the economy . 
  it 's not that the united states is weak and poor , it 's that the population perceived itself as needing major changes - thus the change candidate won . 
  it 's a matter of perception , not reality . 
  edit : a non-us example you can see on this very forum - many believe that merkel 's statement caused the refugee crisis , when in fact her statement came after there was a significant pouring of refugees into europe . 
  again it 's a matter of perception , not reality . 
  frankly i 'm not too worried about it . 
  europe is not afghanistan , swiss society is able to work perfectly despite the high rate of guns and i do n't think any e.u. 
  member nation ( not even bulgaria or romania ) would fare any worse . 
  and you do n't need a gun to do a crime , people do it anyway . 
  well , the climate is changing and we all have to make adjustments . 
  yup , if there is to be a federal europe , i 'd want the electoral college here too . 
  just so you know - you sound like a crazy person . 
  as far as we know the evidence for that are right next to obama 's kenyan birth certificate . 
  germany is the strongest kid on the block and the population see itself as being on the rise . 
  no shit they 're not looking at a populist . 
   every male has to own a gun in andorra we need to make this true for the whole of the e.u. 
  not having a ridiculous over the top taxation on alcohol does not mean a nation is a tax heaven . 
  look , life is tough enough , do n't judge us . 
  first time i find the modern version superior , nice . 
   are they doing something to actively stop this project though ? 
  i do n't think there is a mechanism to stop this ? 
  i do n't see why they 'd be one in the first place though . 
  they 'll just have to suck it up i guess . 
  nah , it 'd never have been this bad . 
  greece has a massive development potential ( compared to latin america ) , internal security and many international partners . 
  it 'd have been bad , but not that bad . 
  just to be clear , this is a private uk company ( ies ) selling gear to the saudis and the u.k. government going `` i do n't see anything illegal , i 'll allow it . 
  '' , ** not ** `` he ` res some free weapons my one true ally ! '', 
  athens-sofia-bucharest-moscow are like sour thumbs . 
  even if it works - how well will it work ? 
  i 've seen the re-usability claim and i 'm not buying it . 
  the shuttle was also reusable , as was the concorde . 
  both of those vehicles required many parts to be replaced , before they could fly again , despite being `` reusable '' . 
  this is n't to say that it should n't be attempted , but that it should n't be prioritized . 
  not to be rude ... but sugar , tobacco and alcohol are cheap stress reliefs . 
  a glass or three a night can help you deal with the daily stress , as can a cigar help you deal with the stress of the office . 
  humans need to reduce stress levels and two-weeks-every-year vacation is just not cutting it for the daily grind . 
  with so many taxes upon the goods mentioned above ( sugar being the least taxed ) , many poorer people are looking at alternatives , because they need to reduce their stress levels and the government ( s ) are bleeding them dry for it . 
  because the skylon is not a proven concept and the new vehicle is needed for the near future . 
   our goal should n't be to trust the european west . 
  but to bind the european west . 
  to make their prosperity , our prosperity . 
  their defense , our defense . 
  their industries , our industries . 
  to make our relationship so intertwined , our communal strength so large , that betrayal is unthinkable . 
  in that case though , are you in control of your own nation ? 
  not to be that guy , but you do n't vote neither for merkel , nor for the majority of european mps . 
  i give you luxemburg , for everything else they have a much better taxrate in the u.s. 
  i think the immigrants we speak of would n't be the type to find `` free healthcare '' as a top priority . 
  moving to hamburg or london is n't really going to help on that front . 
   however , i think controlled , intelligent immigration would be beneficial to certain countries . 
  i very much doubt that type of immigration would be big enough to provide replacement levels though . 
   i also do n't think people would have a huge problem with american and canadian software engineers coming in small numbers willing to integrate . 
  why would an american or canadian software engineer come to europe ? 
   integrating roma after 27 years of trying , i do n't see how you can integrate them . 
  it seems like everyone is out of ideas as well . 
  the only ones to do it were the commies and they basically trampled human rights to do so ( conform to the norms we say or go to gulag ) . 
  i do n't think that 'd work . 
  even with european education , america is a better place to realize yourself . 
  how do you fuck up this badly ? 
  you can not really do an action against this without breaking the cartel , if you punish anyone involved now , it means the next guy has to break it or he gets on the chopping block too . 
  breaking the cartel means creating insecurities in the sector . 
  but if i believe my work is of a higher quality and quantity , i can not negotiate a higher salary .
