  blaming the turks or the gypsies is a massive national zeitgeist . 
  i have no iota of idea how to shift national focus to the things that matter though , kind of sucks :(, 
  it also destroys your ability to negotiate your salary . 
  the united states government let lehman brothers collapse , it was the after effect of that collapse that triggered the systematic danger to the banking sector , which resulted in the massive bailout . 
  uncle sam did not bother with a single bank , but a whole sector of the economy . 
  no single company should ever be above the law , but the vital part this sector plays in the economy means that damaging the sector as a whole is a dangerous prospect that should - unless in the cases where tanking the economy is the lesser evil - be avoided . 
   on the long run it 's a bad decision not to sanction big companies when they break the law . 
  in the long run there is no guarantee that the economy will recover . 
   also it hurts the ones that play fair ( psa , fiat , etc ) yes . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fair , i 'm saying it 's necessary . 
  europe as a whole has enough problems as it is without playing russian roulette with the economy . 
   if no action is taken , then it brings us to the concept of too big to fail they already are too big to fail , that 's kind of my point . 
  people rightfully hate how a sector ( not a single company mind you ) can become this , as it is unfair , but it is what it is . 
  a failure of the german automobile industry is going to ripple through europe and cause - as i have said ( speculated ) - severe and lasting damage to the general european economy . 
  too big to fail is not an effect of corruption , but a side effect of the part an industry plays in a nations economy . 
  this is going to be contereversial , but i hope they do n't do anything . 
  german car manufacturing is a big , not just for germany , but for many places in europe as well - including poland and czechia - with some other smaller orbiting countries as well ( i do believe we produce some parts as well ) . 
  the damage of hurting the autoindustry can be severe and lasting , it should not be done . 
  while this is true ... if the goal is total conversion , why skip the small ones ? 
  they 've lived here for about 700 years . 
  that 's not it . 
  yeah , but if it was solely for the sake of allah , then it would n't matter , would it ? 
  i 've been thinking - why do n't we have this problem ? 
  the muslim population of bulgaria is between 10 and 16 % , yet radical muslims are not a thing and never have been . 
  is it the nearly 700 year tradition of islam ? 
  the vast majority of pomaks ? 
  how do we do it ? 
  yeah , moderates do not burden themselves with purchasing a ship or the burden of operating one . 
  we 've been pulling teeth trying to get them to send their kids to school , it 's beyond herding cats . 
  hey , if you can push it to the nearby village , then it works . 
  recently i 've looked into the size of the u.s. military ( in terms of manpower ) and it 's fascinating how small it actually is . 
  that massive load of cash the americans are burning must be for the r&d , logistical network and fancy toys . 
  damn , what 's wrong with us ? 
  i have some serious reservations regarding the e.u. , but in a world of u.s. , china and india it 's hard to go solo and not be the plaything of larger powers . 
  the era of european relevance is reaching its end . 
  that being said i do think the biggest threat to the e.u is the internal domination of any one member . 
  we just do n't have the income to pay high taxes . 
   the indo europeans you speak of , thracians , were long dead . 
  genetic study simply disproves this , compared to the russian or polish , bulgarians are much less slavic ( frankly modern genetic studies show bulgarians are as slavic as the greeks and romanians ) . 
  the modern bulgarian is in major part a local mix , plus some slavic and a very minor part turkic blood . 
  we have neither oil , nor gas - that 's romania . 
   germany is n't going to take them all . 
  it seems its hell bent on trying . 
  yes , remember when all those t_d users comprised 30 % of the french electorate . 
  good times . 
  nah , same shit happened with sofia , bulgaria . 
  i know some people who started farming tropical fruits . 
  * tropical fruits . 
  * that was n't even possible not too long ago . 
  it seems times are changing and so much we . 
  thank your for the elaboration . 
  i 'm wondering how popular is such a statement in germany ? 
  it 's election season and if such statements are what the german people want to hear , then it is profoundly unfair to put the blame on merkel . 
  the only joke here is this greek believing macedonia belongs to greece and not bulgaria . 
  our attempts at reformation have been a massive failure , many european and international organizations have noted our failure in creating meaningful reforms ( especially on the judicial level ) and this has been one of the reason why further e.u. 
  integration has been stalled . 
  it has , also , been noted that this has a very negative effect on our gdp growth . 
  my point though is that `` that is not a hilarious country '' , us and greece are stop # 1 anytime erdogan decides to threaten western europe ( because let 's be fair - that 's the target ) with more refugees . 
  as immediate neighbors to turkey we are the one who will suffer the shock of anything turkey does - even if that thing is turkey shooting itself in the foot . 
  turkey - though an insignificant player on the world stage - is a powerplayer to its immediate neighbors , the actions they take are not insignificant to us , or the greeks , or the syrians , etc. 
  if there is any one nation that can fuck-up things for the rest of us , it 's turkey . 
  they got sued by the european court for human rights and had to accept the migrants they turned back plus pay them compensations . 
  yeah , but if we assume a reverse age population pyramid , then who 's going to pay for the welfare ? 
  or do we ditch social security ? 
  is it really that hard to have proper area restriction and protection laws , that we have to look at authoritarian governments to enforce peace and order ? 
   even to ** blockade ** the hotels of the participating politicians in a peaceful way is also ok . 
  it is impossible to peacefully blockade anything , blockade by itself means restricting one 's movement by either direct violence or the threat there of ( in the governments case , it can do so using fines ) . 
  i wonder if we can start a petition to change the tricolor with swede-friend version here . 
  now that is some badassery right there . 
  jesus christ that is awesome . 
  hey , our methods of reformation have proven sufficiently insufficient . 
   this is hilarious country if you are not turkish citizen . 
  that is not a hilarious country , please get your shit together . 
  balkan culture in one short video . 
  of the political systems , the only country second to england when it comes to political efficiency is the united states . 
  you should give yourself more credit . 
   there is n't a particular reason why highly qualified ukrainians would go to bulgaria when they would rather choose western countries with better pay . 
  it 's easier to get a work visa , ukraine is n't in the e.u. , so they ca n't just pick up and leave whenever they want . 
  we 've had the problem of our highly qualified people running off to the west . 
  essentially a senior programmer in bulgaria would be paid about 3x less , than he would in france or germany or belgium . 
  this has created a growth problem for our industries . 
  the news had run quite a few stories on how we plan to attract highly qualified labor from non-eu countries , serbia was one of those often cited . 
  with serbia joining the e.u. 
  that 'd no longer be possible , they 'll just go to france , germany , belgium or the nordic countries . 
  welp , there goes our national development strategy . 
  you 're doing it wrong , it should be ... tornadoes of europe : austria, 
  he 's kind of gone through a lot of his promises , it 's somewhat fresh and exciting to see a politician keep his promises . 
  self-selecting sample , basically those who leave tend to be the best of the best . 
  this in turn does help make them decent parents interested in their kids education , which is a major factor in school performance . 
  an example of that would be serbia - not part of the e.u. 
  - yet it also struggles with a massive amount of people leaving the nation . 
  you made a 6 line comment ... of which 5 lines are personal attacks . 
  the fuck ? 
   i 'm sorry but that 's how the world is , people follow the jobs and the wealth , not the other way around . 
  ... or they vote brexit . 
  i 'm not really asking for an impossible conversation here , hell it 's actually a low-hanging fruit when it comes to conversation starters . 
  that being said , i do n't think we 're going to have a productive exchange here . 
  czechia neighbors were germany and austria , which is why the country is recovering at a much better rate than say - belarus or romania . 
  that 's not really a response conductive to a conversation now , is it ? 
  `` well you chose to remain , so your area should be in perpetual distress , ha-ha , move to london / berlin / etc.
