  time to invade poland !, 
  yeah , sure , keep ignoring this , god knows your government does . 
  yes , because any criticism of european policy is clearly russian propaganda . 
  it really could n't have , by caesar 's time , the republic was already going for a king of the hill type race . 
  dan carlin has a great `` death throws of the republic '' series , which i recommend . 
  and we talk about him , because he was caeser 's punching bag , a hannibal vercingetorix was not . 
  losing the war , getting yourself enslaved and your people conquered for hundreds of years is n't really a major achievement . 
  a lot of historical figures have actually managed to do that . 
  both rich nations used to dealing with large crowds . 
  the olympic committee must not want to deal with any more controversies it seems . 
  no , this is what you said ...  i do n't think lenin or trotsky would have done that at all . 
  which is untrue since lenin - demonstrability - used terror to suppress political dissent . 
  then you decided to pretend that suppressing political opinions with force did not happen and said . 
   but the great terror ran so counter to his vision , and he did have a vision , unlike stalin which was untrue , since lenin did the exact same shit as stalin and was `` limited '' ( some historians would argue this ) to a smaller scale only because the communist aparatus was still not powerful enough ( even stalin had to wait 'till 1936 ) . 
  and now you 've started to outright lie ...  and no historian thinks the same would happen under lenin change the goal post ...  what we are specifically talking about is whether the great purge would have happened under lenin , and it most certainly would not . 
  and now you 're lying again ...  lenin did n't censor other bolsheviks from speaking their mind , let alone kill them , what makes you think that it would have inevitably happened under him ? 
  here 's a [ link . 
  ] ( http://libcom.org/library/lenins-terror-bolshevik-party-maximov ) i have also decided that you 're neither looking for information , nor are you interested in honest discourse . 
  you 're fully aware of lenin 's actions and excuse ( probably support ) them . 
  you are obviously unfamiliar with the horrors of the cheka that lenin himself appointed . 
  he was as violent and prone to using terror , as any of his followers . 
  hell , stalin 's `` great terror '' was preceded by lenin 's [ `` red terror '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror ), 
  because solzhenistyn consider the gulag inevitable under the system lenin has created - he blames lenin . 
  i mean i can not point you to any one specific book , but if you get anything on the early bolsheviks , you 're going to get a good reading on what kind of people they were . 
  also if you dwell on any single biography , you do n't have to go far to realize that humanitarian concerns were on the backseat for these people - despite their rhetoric . 
  nah , he just gave a justification of why we 'd care about vercingetorix , when he was just a minor leader that got squashed by one of the greatest military leaders ever . 
  in the grand scheme of things he 's a nobody . 
  i think you could argue that he was above average in intelligence . 
  he was able to keep his head low when he had to , get himself appointed to an inglorious , but vital position and exploited the ever loving heck out of that . 
  he was cruel and brutal , but damn was that man smart . 
  i could understand the santiment really . 
  anyone alive would not be a direct victim to him and there is something attractive about people who put your nation on the map - no matter how much of a monsters they were . 
  say what you will about stalin , but he was there for the industrialization and the great patriotic war ( i 'm not going to get into the argument of whatever those things happen because or despite him , the important thing is that he was there for the cameras ) . 
  i do n't think you can put the blame solely on stalin for this , looking at trotsky , it 's evident that he would have done what stalin did , as would anyone who was part of lenin 's `` inner circle '' , or more precisely the upper echelon of the bolshevik government . 
  lenin created the cheka and attracted the brutal people that would later either create the nightmares that followed or become victims of them , often both . 
  this is n't to excuse stalin ( not in the least ) , but to put the perspective of the bolsheviks and those that would imitate them later on ( it is no coincidence that both cuba and china would perpetuate massive human rights violations in internal struggles for power ) . 
  huh ... i thought the number would be lower for the u.s. 
  dude , you 're like 14 , give it time !, 
  i though it was agreed that he was german ? 
  ah yes , targeting the law-abiding gun smugglers , that 's hilarious on so many level , i 've no idea how to end this sarcastic comment . 
  so ... point in case ? 
   that 's what i 've been telling all the time . 
  it 's corporate greed that is responsible . 
  it 's not the hate for eastern europeans that some people want to make this about . 
  ... and yet you 've berated any eastern european that 's complained about it . 
   but in the end i 'm just selfish , and i fear that i wo n't be able to eat 63.8 % fish sticks in the future . 
  no one has ever argued to lower german standards , they 've complained that their fishsticks have too little fish . 
   can you sketch out a few points on how that legislation should look like ? 
  no , i 'm just a dumb voter , i do not know even the basic political things that go into making a bill , or the economical effects of one . 
  i just know i 'm being served stuff that is of lower quality and the market prices ai n't lower in my supermarket . 
   here are the things i came up with that make such legislation complicated i 'm not saying it 's not complicated . 
  also i do n't think this is an adequate excuse . 
  if a dumbfuck like me could do it , we would n't need experts . 
   about a month ago ? 
  the european parliament debated about food quality variations in october 2011 . 
  and that was certainly not the start of the discussion . 
  well , now it 's on the forefront . 
   back then the commission already said that the eu ca n't impose one-recipe-for-all . 
  so we can have a single market , but not a singular quality standard ? 
   almost like the discussion is not about actual food quality but about creating a us vs. them atmosphere . 
  who 's them ? 
  no one is blaming the french people , or the german people . 
  nor have i seen anyone blame any government . 
  good for you on having proper food to put in your mouth . 
  there is no division here . 
  certain companies are dumping lower quality products , than what they ** standardly ** produce . 
  from what i 've seen even the polish and hungarians want a closer european cooperation on this . 
  unless you 're a shareholder , i 'm not seeing the `` us vs them '' part . 
  single motherhood is much more studied , than single fatherhood . 
  the more people believe infidelity is not a problem , the less people would be dedicated to creating a coherent family unit . 
  the negative effects of single motherhood are well documented and when you have too many single mothers you have a problem for your whole society in the making . 
  so congratulations , there is finally something the former eastern block decides to do as an union ( other than mooch out of you ) and your reaction seems to be `` lol , deal with it by yourself . '', 
   but eastern europe could never come up with something like that . 
  well , we started to seriously look into it about a month ago , pardon if we have n't made regularity codex in a week . 
  they always were a special core ? 
  i mean recently they made an agreement to jointly develop their new military hardware . 
  but , i mean , is it a problem if this is what the people want ? 
  so they want certain political opinions banned and a camera at every corner , if that 's their wish - let them have it . 
  not to pick a fight , but i 've heard that your government does n't really go after left wing extremists . 
  why blame the politicians , when this is what the people want ? 
   hacking into dozens of government computer systems , including those of the fbi , us army and department of defense , stealing ` massive amounts ' of data and defacing official websites . 
  fuck you love , you do n't get to maliciously pounce around and harm society . 
  you do n't like us jails ? 
  too bad , people do n't like the shit you 're pulling either . 
   central powers should have won . 
  yes . 
   no worries , we can try again . 
  we need more time atm . 
  also , us is too op . 
  i 'd like to recommend dan carlin 's [ blueprints for armageddon . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfmt_bvbbsa&amp;list=ploobjyu-sobusqgvxlktasve2dihen0dy ), 
  good , it 's overrated anyway . 
  thing is those glass boxes we build now may look like shit , but they are so much better on the inside . 
  a well lit office makes it better for the people on the inside . 
   my kids will earn less than me and have fewer rights than me and no pensions . 
  that is fear-mongering , there is no indication of that happening . 
   so how do we avoid the intolerable future our current path sets us on ? 
  intolerable future ? 
  we 're in the best time of history right now . 
   tackle problems like some people having unfairly accumulated too much wealth out of the labour of others they have n't and frankly that 's not really a problem .
