   what about the eu budget ? 
  other members would end up getting crumbs due to russia 's size . 
  well , once the ... was it 2020 or 2024 ? ... 
  budget is made - without the uk - that 's probably going down the drain anyway . 
  frankly , i 've been watching referendums be tossed aside for one reason or another my whole life - they always find an excuse . 
  the british referendum was `` advisory '' and you do n't see westminster pulling any shit like this . 
   getting rid of a proportional system in favor of `` first past the post '' , even with two round , that 's a big mistake . 
  i do n't really think so , we have n't had a properly functional government in awhile and the reason for it is the damn coalitions never hold . 
  the question is n't exactly on the effectiveness though , but the principle behind a referendum . 
  unemployment benefits / healthcare ? 
  they could justify it with paying teachers / police force . 
  our elections are conducted in a different manner , than what you do in the west . 
  essentially what you guys do is put a platform and people vote based on whatever or not they like the platform . 
  here 's a quick rundown of how our election go ... a major center-right party - pro-american , pro-e.u. , `` pro-business '' , does not cut social security or anything other associated with right-wing parties . 
  that would be the current gerb , the previous was the party of simeon ii and before that another which i 'm too lazy to see how it translate into english . 
  the socialist party - pro-russian . 
  this is the party that ruled the nation during soviet times ( yes , really ) . 
  they promise higher wages for government employees and higher pensions . 
  you vote for them , because you 're in one of the two categories mentioned above or as a protest vote against the center-right party . 
  a minor right-wing party - pro-eu , pro-american ; there is always one , but like the center-right party those rotate . 
  you vote for them if you want right-wing business solutions . 
  a nationalist party - pro-russian . 
  they just scream some version of `` bulgaria above all '' and blame minorities . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  and lastly the minority party - you vote for them if you 're a gypsy or a turk living a turkish-majority village . 
  if you are a bulgarian and vote for them you get ostracized . 
  so basically our parties are elected on two criteria - to which super power do you want us to align and what is your opinion of the socialist party . 
  that 's it , platforms tend to be irrelevant . 
  as for how little they care about the opinion of `` the people '' . 
  recently we had a referendum on whatever or not to change our electoral system and reduce party subsidies . 
  over 50 % voted , 90 % + support for both , they shut it down in parliament , said `` no '' despite the referendum . 
  also , we did not have a referendum on whatever or not we wanted to join the european union , nor will we have one when/if the time comes to join the eurozone . 
  support for the euro is mixed among the population , however the politicians have been pushing towards it , since forever . 
  we 're having support from both germany and france , though we 've had this for awhile . 
  i do n't know how viable it is , but it 's at minimum two years away , since we need to be a member of the european exchange rate mechanism for at least two years before this happens and we 're currently not in the erm ii . 
   and that 's why programmers in bulgaria receive salaries double the national average , and approaching the eu average . 
  they receive about 10x the national median ( non-juniors ) and are still payed about 3x less , than what they 'll be paid in the us , uk , germany , france , etc. 
   once this happens in all industries , we will have decent wages all across . 
  otherwise , we are at a massive oversuply of labour , and for economic activity that ca n't use it all if ... if ... you are a bulgarian you will notice that the news talks a lot about how many unfilled it positions we have . 
  these are not positions for graduates , they are there for experienced , senior people which we have a low supply of . 
  not in the amounts we 're having . 
  china , india and the philippines have always produced more babies , than the number of people who have gone out . 
  you ca n't pay , if you do n't have the money . 
  the problem is that if those people were able to stay in bulgarian companies , got payed high bulgarian wages , spent those money in the bulgarian market - we 'd all be better as a society . 
  but that 's not exactly what is happening , they are leaving in droves and the system is going to collapse in a few decades when there are n't enough people paying taxes . 
  and you can - fairly - say that this is life and it is what it is , but you also concede the original point that this is good for everybody . 
  it 's not good for those that stay in the country . 
   that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  if i needed a programmer i would offer more and more money until somebody applied . 
  you do n't have infinite money . 
   yes . 
  which pushes bulgarian salaries up . 
  unless you do n't have the money to pay the higher salary . 
   those industries are currently imaginary . 
  when they become real you will find people to work there . 
  no , they 're not . 
  it 's very hard to find - for example - programmers , because even at best case scenario the pay is 3x less , than what they 'd make in france . 
  they just leave for greener pastures . 
   keeping unemployed people around in the meantime makes little sense . 
  high unemployment does not mean that there is n't a search for jobs . 
  as i said despite the unemployment levels ( ~ 6 % ) the service sector just ca n't find anyone to work in it . 
  why ? 
  because the pay is abysmal . 
  why is the pay abysmal ? 
  because anyone who could pay a decent wage is leaving the country . 
   if you really had good jobs to offer them they would n't be leaving for the west . 
  the pay for a top tier programmer would allow the person to live a life of envy in the country . 
  it 's still nothing compared to what they can make outside the country . 
   once bulgaria really needs engineers and doctors it will offer enough money and ukrainians , romanians and , why not , finns or french , will come to bulgaria to work . 
  and where would bulgaria get the money to pay the engineers and doctors if it stays a china-tier economy ? 
  also , those romanians and ukrainians could just as easily move to one of those more developed nations . 
  thanks to the freedom of movement we 're now in direct competition with germany to retain high-skill immigrants . 
  a russian with a bulgarian citizenship could move to northern italy very easily . 
  actually yes . 
  high-skill people are leaving the country for greener pastures , thus we can not properly develop industries that rely on a well-educated populous . 
  this is an absolute disaster , since those are the industries that increase the overall standard of living inside the country . 
   they are no longer a burden for their national budget those people really are n't the type that would burden the budget . 
  we do not have enough people working in the service sector , enough people working in the high-end sector ( of which i spoke previously ) , people who are trained to maintain infrastructure ( engineers ) and healthcare ( doctors ) just leave , thus guaranteeing an absolute bleak future in the next few decades . 
  also with all those taxpayers gone , you could kiss the budget goodbye . 
  paying those pensions would be impossible . 
  it 's planned for 2024 , the issue would be resolved by then . 
  i was talking about bulgaria exclusively . 
  greece has a much better chance , but i think even they 'll come short in a total war against turkey . 
  ya know ' , that kind of makes me happy . 
  the olympic committee has always had unreasonable demands and the games have been more of a burden , than an asset to the host , so i 'm glad to see reality biting back . 
  you 're probably going to see hostilities between albania and macedonia as well . 
  because none of the countries in question has nuclear weapons ? 
  unless our ministry of defense is hiding something of course . 
   say what you will about balkans but we 're battle hardened and united in our ... ahem ... dislike of turks . 
  did n't you assholes ally with the turks during the second balkan war ? 
   bring it . 
  let 's not ... i mean long-term we 're going to win , but the death toll really is n't something i 'm giddy about . 
  frankly , it sounds about right , but i 'll need a source on that . 
  that 's not happening . 
  we have tolled artillery dating back from the 50 's and our main tanks are t-72s . 
  we 're just not gon na push anyone anywhere . 
  that being said , it 'd still take more than 3 days and it 'd be the furthest they 'll ever get to . 
  military inadequacies aside , the balkans are a mountains area filled with forest , it 's going to turn into vietnam : kebab edition pretty fast . 
  weird ... i thought it was the russians . 
  ah , i figured it out - russian illuminati !,
