maybe [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-26257703 ) ? 
  well i drew a parallel with romania . 
  in 1996 we had the first government that made a clean break with the communist past , in 2007 we were joining the eu . 
  that 's 11 years . 
  when things begin to change , they can change fast . 
  highly unlikely at least in the short to medium term , since that would antagonize the ethnic russian population . 
  however since the long term dynamic seems to shift towards unionism , my guess is that you need at least 2 or 3 generations before the pro-union movement in moldova becomes dominant and romania wo n't do anything in this regard unless that happens . 
  a more likely scenario would be for moldova to join eu . 
  in can see that reasonably happening within one or two decades . 
  [ alternative sauce ] ( http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-politics-16685657-romania-39-governing-alliance-breaks-liberals-withdraw-from-union-with-social-democrats-height-political-struggles.htm ), 
  the army will never get involved as they are mostly on the anti-russia front . 
  yup , a democracy is n't a bunch of wolves and a sheep deciding what 's for dinner . 
  and this my friends is how you give the middle finger salute to russia . 
  there was this christmas cake called `` turta cu julfa '' . 
  it tasted quite exotic , but the most contentious issue was that it contained hemp seeds . 
  the recipe is very old , but somehow this `` drugs are bad '' mantra made this tradition go away . 
  thing is you could n't get high on it , at most you 'd get a light buzz , but whatever . 
  still kinda miss it though . 
  you are right . 
  mining does n't make sense if you intend to bring back resources to earth ( unless the cost of space tech dramatically goes down which is a trend nowadays ) . 
  mining does make sense if you intend it for in-situ exploitation or for generating fuel for missions that go beyond the moon . 
  i doubt we 'll mine helium 3 anytime soon , but water is definitely a resource worth mining . 
  anyway , for me , mining the moon does n't make a whole lot of sense , asteroids are a much better target because they have a much shallower gravity well . 
  did anyone else get a distinctively mccarthy vibe out of the whole thing ? 
  i mean : `` do you love this country ? '', 
  bit , the comparison with nazis , the invocation of big words like terrorism ... really ? 
  here i have to disagree . 
  uk 's exit from eu would have dramatic consequences for at least an industry , more exactly the financial sector . 
  eu has sort of grown a few specialized centers : bruxelles is the political one , strasbourg the legal one and london the financial one . 
  a geo-political realignment would most likely trigger a rearrangement in this regard as well . 
  now of course , you could argue that the downfall of the banking sector would n't be such a tragedy , but nonetheless this is a very large part of uk 's economy . 
  cheers ,, 
  via google translate : perhaps if europe will deal with its fascist liberalism and solve the problem of systematic violations of the rights of its citizens , russia thinks the inclusion of europe in eac . 
  right ... try protesting in moscow . 
  see how that goes . 
  also `` fascist liberalism '' , really ? 
  well there is an advantage to private pensions . 
  mainly the fact that the bank ca n't `` move the post '' as in increase the age when you can actually benefit from said pension . 
  with the demographic dynamics i expect public systems to push the retirement age quite a lot within the next few decades . 
  somebody is having a bad case of mondays . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  here 's another [ photo ] ( http://www.contributors.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/r44.jpg ) that gives a better feeling of the scale of the protest . 
  in related news prime minister ponta has just announced that the law project will be dropped and the gabriel resources ltd. stock have dropped as well by roughly 50 % [ see link ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=maximized&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1378756800000&amp;chddm=1173&amp;chls=intervalbasedline&amp;q=tse%3agbu&amp;ntsp=0&amp;fct=big&amp;ei=5nwtupcqdo3dwaoydw ), 
  not all gypsies are criminal , that 's just dumb . 
  actually the one thing that worked here in romania was securing access to college education ( positive discrimination style programs ) . 
  of course that only applies to a minority within a minority ( they had to finish high school after all ) , but in all cases i personally know the results have been exceptional . 
  this is why a lot of the effort conducted today in romania towards the integration of the gypsy community is focused on education . 
  will it work in the long run ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but early results have been encouraging . 
  most likely the results will be mixed , with a higher percentage of the minority finishing education , but still with another large percentage just refusing to engage . 
  bacon.the ultimate vegetable . 
  that always struck me ... well ... as just dumb , for the lack of a better word . 
  with all the investments in green energy , the amount of coal and gas energy in germany has remained practically the same , because nuclear power was shown the exit door . 
  then again , gerhard schr\u00f6der is now working for gazprom , so maybe dumb is n't the best choice of words . 
  things are pretty much the same everywhere . 
  with such a history only time can heal the wounds and even then there will still be people chanting slogans like this . 
  for some people national pride is simply more important than society 's future prospects . 
  you should brush up on your economic theory . 
  replacing a state monopoly with a private one is n't really the soundest economic move . 
  even grandpa mises would agree with that . 
  you should learn to doubt ideology and see whether the facts fit within it rather than the other way around . 
  well it is obvious , is n't it ? 
  nazis committed crimes against humanity , while communists committed crimes for humanity . 
  this is the sort of news everybody wanted , but nobody needed . 
  try some pickle brine wandzia . 
  that ... that was beautiful, 
  i wish more people in the eu would realize what beacon of hope the european union represents for the nearby countries . 
  after all , the only people that died under the eu flag were ukrainians during the euromaidan . 
  those people believed in the european values with an intensity that is almost painful . 
  welcome georgians to the freedom of the eu . 
  first one of you that i happen to meet in bucharest has a beer on me . 
  most likely a controlled leak . 
  it was in the turkish authorities ' best interest to have this document out in the open , as it supports their narrative . 
  it 's more like an `` enemy of my enemy '' sort of thing . 
  erdogan has no love for daesh , but he absolutely hates the kurdish independence movement . 
  fair enough . 
  but in the last 25 years the country has seen 3 wars so i doubt they 've recovered that much in the meantime . 
  maybe , just maybe , the measurements conducted in a highly developed western area are a tad more reliable than those conducted in a chaotic warzone with little access to healthcare . 
  well ... crap . 
  damn , that one time i click on something like that and it was all for naught . 
  astonishing planning skills , since you managed to get the answer from him 7 years ago . 
  but ... why ? 
  i knew that summer was short in sweden , but damn , autumn in june ? 
  well played sir , well played . 
  meh ... people around here have no sense of humor . 
  have an upvote . 
  ex-communist equals red , that 's all what there is to it . 
  more like a series of uninterrupted abuses from usl , with the justice system playing a game of whack-a-mole to make sure it does n't get out of hand . 
  the last few abuses came in a very short timeframe , so until the judges get to sort it out , the situation is rather tense . 
  ooh looky here !, 
  a climate change denialist . 
  i 'm sure his analysis is objective and he has no other ulterior motives . 
  `` we are not vampires '' the fact that most romanians sound like bela lugosi when speaking english does n't help much though . 
  that would be true if the entire issue would be based on ethnicity , which i doubt is the case . 
  thing is , you must also keep in mind that it 's a matter of degrees . 
  there are plenty of mixed marriages and most of the people claiming the roma title are actually of mixed ancestry . 
  this is why the society 's reaction is fairly nuanced . 
  if they see someone with a darker skin ( which is the only way you could identify the ethnicity ) but dressed and behaving normally they wo n't bat an eyelid . 
  if on the other hand they will behave against the society norms you will get a negative reaction .
