assuming from your flag that you are czech , we 're not importing your trash at all . 
  i ca n't say i 've come across many czechs or slovakians . 
  the low skilled migrants working in lincolnshire are almost exclusively from the baltic states or poland , although increasing numbers of bulgarian and romanian people have begun settling here . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's funny or sad , but the poles in particular are getting pissed by this because they 're being undercut by the new arrivals . 
  a lot of migrant workers in the county work for vegetable packing companies . 
  before the migrants arrived , english workers were earning # 1 - # 2 an hour more than minimum wage doing these jobs . 
  then the poles , latvians and lithuanians started on minimum wage , but soon complained that the wages were too low , so wages increased by 50p - # 1 an hour . 
  now the bulgarians and romanians have turned up . 
  many of the pack houses have turfed the poles out and replaced them with bulgarians and romanians who are more than happy to work on such a low salary . 
  thank you for the reassurance . 
  it 's like being told that the sun will set sometime tomorrow evening . 
  hmm ... that 's odd . 
  not a dental hygiene quip to be seen . 
  muahaha ... not even saudi arabia will be able to hold a candle to us in the weeks preceding the in/out referendum . 
  if militaria is your thing a visit to [ imperial war museum duxford ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_war_museum_duxford ) may interest you . 
  i believe it 's the largest aviation museum in europe . 
  i holidayed in magaluf and stayed in munich during oktoberfest . 
  i saw things i 'll never forget ... and things i very quickly did . 
  this guy gets it . 
  i drive through your town on the way to and from work . 
  i 've vaguely heard of it , but had no idea the bbc broadcasted the event . 
  i 'm for immigration if it benefits all parties , though it needs to be understood that a large number of areas within the uk ( including my locale ) which are suffering terribly from it . 
  the creme de la creme that eastern europe has to offer tend to be attracted to the large towns and cities , whilst those who nobody else would employ work in the agricultural sector and live in the more rural areas . 
  it sounds very harsh , but it 's true . 
  the farmers and produce packing companies around here really could n't give a toss how vibrant your criminal record is , just so long as you work for # 6.70 an hour , live in the rented accommodation they provide and buy food from the baltic/polish stores they own . 
  in 2004 my village had a population of roughly 2000 , crime was next to nonexistent and violent crimes just did n't happen . 
  now the population has likely more than doubled , numerous murders have been committed here in the past 11 years ( all committed by latvian/lithuanian/polish migrants ... including 3 in the past year alone ) , stabbings and rapes are an almost monthly occurrence and break-ins/thefts happen every second week . 
  when my cousin 's girlfriend ( slovakian ) was attacked by a polish man with a length of re-bar , she was told by police to consider the north-western area of the village ( the area almost exclusively inhabited by eastern europeans ) a no-go zone after sunset as they were unable to control the place . 
  reading this , it would be easy to assume that i 'm prejudiced against eastern europeans , but that 's not true . 
  i know that some places have benefited from eastern european migration , but its effects here are depressing . 
  i live in the east midlands and the same is to be said here . 
  a truly massive portion of the population is going to opt-out in the hope that it will turn the tide on eastern european migration . 
  they 're fully aware of the potential economic repercussions , but it 's got to a stage around here where independence at any cost is quite appealing . 
  i do n't believe it would be wise for industry leaders to raise their voices anymore than they already do , regardless of how well-founded their words of warning may be . 
  there 's something about multi-millionaires who work for iniquitous multi-nationals telling ordinary working folk how to vote that leaves a foul taste in the mouths of the british public . 
  i see potential for a backlash . 
  besides , voters are already well aware that economic uncertainty is one of the ` cons ' of opting-out . 
  i live in an area which will unanimously vote to leave the eu and i have to say that i 'm quite impressed by how aware people are of the consequences . 
  i believe these days you receive a moderate fine rather than a prison sentence . 
  a few years back a couple of polish guys killed a swan for food in a nature reserve not far from where i live . 
  to be fair , i do n't think they were aware of the law but it was still a pretty dumb place to hunt for food ( well , a very good place as it turned out , i suppose ) , though they received a fine that ran into the hundreds rather than thousands . 
  almost 6 years ago the temperature in my village was -20 \u00b0 c and the snowdrifts were deeper than i am tall . 
  today it 's 12 \u00b0 c and if the ground was n't sodden i 'd be mowing the lawn . 
  yes , just a figment of your imagination i 'm afraid . 
  legoland on the otherhand ... 
  you 're right . 
  i work for an engineering firm that regularly sends its employees abroad for business trips and commissionings . 
  each and every time we go abroad we 're reminded not to talk about our wages . 
  one of the more senior members of my department recently visited a company in romania and was asked about his salary by his romanian counterpart . 
  turned out that he earned more in a month than the other guy earned in a year , despite them both having similar positions , qualifications and experience . 
  i heard that the visit ` went south ' very quickly after that little piece of information came out . 
  eastern europe is a fictional region . 
  anybody who says otherwise is to wash their mouth out with soap . 
  yes , you probably know as well as i do that we behave similarly in england . 
  if you try joking around with a newly arrived lithuanian or a pole in such a manner they 'll think you 're just being surly . 
  they gradually grow accustom to it and after a while can dish it out as well as the rest of us . 
  when i was a kid i loved the snow . 
  building igloos , following deer and fox prints near the woods , sledging on the wolds and the biggest snowball fights you 've seen . 
  it 's a shame , but these days it all seems like a massive inconvenience . 
  i 'll take a cool , dry christmas with beautiful cloudless skies over a winter wonderland any christmas . 
  as far as i am concerned , europe is geographically defined . 
  i confess that i am not everso well informed on georgian cultural values , but on face value , they certainly are european . 
  on face value modern australia and new zealand are culturally * very * similar to britain , but geography dictates that they are not european countries . 
  is my argument tenuous ? 
  perhaps , but i would rather regard nations as european based on their geographical situation rather than cultural standing . 
  regardless of whether georgia does or does not eventually become a member of the eu , i hope it flourishes . 
  whilst i may not agree that your nation is geographically located within the continent , i do hope to see economic prosperity , improved living standards and increased world standing . 
  out of interest , where in the caucasus region would you draw the asia-europe boundary ? 
  i was taught at school that georgia borders europe , but is not situated within the continent itself . 
  europe has ambiguous boundaries , but the few sources i have at hand here at home affirm my opinion . 
  i 'm of much the same opinion . 
  with just 3 % of its territory situated in europe , i can not fathom why some flirt with the idea of welcoming turkey into the eu . 
  are we to do the same with armenia , azerbaijan , georgia and kazakhstan in the future , too ? 
  purely for geographical reasons . 
  i am of the understanding that the greater caucasus mountain range , which georgia is predominantly located south of , is widely accepted as one of the boundaries between asia and europe . 
  i personally struggle to accept that georgia is a european country , but congratulations nevertheless . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  no it is n't , bud . 
  please excuse my ignorance , but i thought the term ` binnenhof ' was used exclusively in reference to the building in the hague . 
  i have a very small collection of books relating to the architecture of the lowlands and germany , and the only time i 've seen the word/term crop up was when mentioning the dutch inner court . 
  hats off to steindl . 
  the hungarian parliament building was one of the first buildings to pique my interest in 19th century architecture , as was the palace of westminster . 
  the binnenhof is a beautiful mishmash . 
  let 's call the whole thing off . 
  yes , with tomatoes the possibilities are almost endless . 
  are those two any less appealing than the rest ? 
  i favour enhanced military collaboration and reject military integration . 
  i find the prospect of a closer union quite upsetting , which is why i do not favour the concept of a single military force servicing the eu , or at least whilst the uk is a member . 
  i think a military force servicing the eu will struggle to recruit sufficient numbers from the uk . 
  i have acquaintances , colleagues , family members and friends who are serving or have served in the british armed forces . 
  they did n't join the air force/army/navy because they enjoyed firing weapons , and they certainly were n't attracted by the wages ( a gentleman i completed my apprenticeship with recently took a 55 % pay cut to join the air force , for example ) . 
  they all joined out of national pride and a desire to serve their country . 
  you will struggle to find many people here who have that much passion for the eu . 
  by forming a military force servicing the eu we would have to share highly sensitive information with central and eastern member states which are considered less than watertight . 
  is that a good idea ? 
  is it a sensible proposition to form a military force with the intention of provoking russia ? 
  i think not . 
  would we be any less dependant on america ? 
  not unless a lot of member states drastically increased their military spending . 
  i would have liked to go into greater depth on these issues , but time is sadly pressing .
