lol ... 
  damn we are so armed ? 
  germans are tough enemies . 
  more to come i guess . 
  sounds like some demented person speaking . 
  british look xenophobic . 
  the most ridiculous is in english, 
  you are very sure of your perspective . 
  that is a strong proof you are brainwashed . 
  why apologetic ? 
  i am just righteous . 
  what do you mean `` like that '' ? 
  we all love russia and are thankful for freeing us from nazi germany . 
  today when europe is conquered by the german empire ( again ) russians stand their ground . 
  those are not the words that will bring you salvation , but deeds . 
  she is a good news in this life of inevitable streams . 
  dacic is a criminal . 
  those are just his filthy dreams . 
  serbia once again shows its openness . 
  she was much better solution than a fat idiot dacic . 
  i need a weak franc . 
  what about vucic ? 
  when will it affect euro currency go stronger . 
  gdp stats do not take black market and production into account . 
  tax avoidance . 
  gdp is a tricky stat . 
  i am sorry you are downvoted . 
  i guess many people are living in denial . 
  why eu waited so long for this ? 
  decades ... 
  chauvinism is also not christian . 
  :-) i guess you learned that behaviour in the church ? 
  amazing ? 
  maybe but it is completely contrary to the teachings of jesus . 
  it is a religion center not some mambo jumbo roller coaster park . 
  each being can believe what it wants . 
  we respect the new testament and it is clear that any kind of violence is strictly forbidden . 
  so simple !, 
  thanks !, 
  no need to use rude words . 
  i am quite happy having serbia out of nato . 
  serbia should stay out of that terrorist organization for good . 
  the fact that weak nations enroll in fear , does not mean all nations should do it  so ... nato did n't defend ukraine only just because ukraine was not a member ? 
  even you think it had right to do it as ukraine was invaded ( as you say . ), 
  so some membership papers were the problem :d yeah right ... 
  thanks :p, 
  the puzzle is yet to be opened and solved . 
  no one is safe these days . 
  i do n't care for downvotes . 
  all good christians are downvoted . 
  if you are a good christian how can you be a catholic ? 
  were the inquisition , holy wars , strange lives of many popes good enough reason to abandon that rock 'n' roll of christianity ? 
  this ny i visited vatican with my family . 
  i had to pay 100 eur for all three of us . 
   35 eur entrance for adult . 
  my 10 yo son got 5 eur discount and he paid 30 eur only . 
  lol, 
  we do not agree and that is also cool , 
  i hope you understand that 95 % of people in those times had a very bad , slavery life , like abused peasants ? 
  no matter what principality they belonged ? 
  this is a map of mass abuse , rape , violence . 
  there is nothing romantic in it . 
  if russia attacks you , nato will just leave you . 
  they will rather let russians exterminate your small country than risk a global nuclear devastating war . 
  i think your security is fake . 
  look what happened to ukraine . 
  you think nato membership would stop crimea separate ? 
  all those things have nothing to do with common people and the unemployment and poverty show that . 
  recently we had an exodus of people from kosovo to eu . 
  hundreds of buses filled with albanians fled to germany to beg for social aid and a piece of bread . 
  it has been a decade since you pronounced independence and nothing has changed . 
  instead of serbian control ( that i am not arguing was bad for albanians at kosovo ) you got yourself a bunch of chiefs who are 100 % corrupted and using the power to get fortunes . 
  there is not a piece of cake for the people . 
  i am not commenting serbian - kosovo relations , i am just saying that those are just used to mask the real problems at kosovo . 
  these elections were ridiculous regarding the sake of people . 
  a successful show business corporation like all churches . 
  catholicism is the most successful of all of a sort . 
  the main products of the company are spirituality , salvation and hope . 
  it provides hope for those who need comfort , but also insurance policy for those who are content to remain so . 
  salvation for everybody who is a fan of the show business . 
  in the past the business was so influential that was easily able to raise wars against muslims , and successfully intervene world politics . 
  the influence remains today but with less intensity . 
  the general manager and the owner of the company is the pope . 
  he is a very leader and the most powerful person of the company so strong being able to create the country called vatican . 
  find kosovo in un ;d majority of countries do not recognize it . 
  it is just a rebellious part of serbia . 
  but you can dream nazi dreams . 
  it is up to you . 
  so long stranger . 
  it is too complicated for you to understand . 
  are the a member of un if we lost it ? 
  hitler also thought that :d, 
  i hold eu citizenship , i can tell you it does n't help , 
  they will never stop us !, 
  lol, 
  of course . 
  i am so glad serbia stands and getting stronger . 
  because of the dutch :d and it was a one man war , not a serb national agenda . 
  if blindly absorbing cnn lies must be idiotic , then it is lol, 
  it is not , but will be .
