  why ? 
  actually this is a great move . 
  there are so many agencies in serbia eating state money . 
  this will be one that can do something solid . 
  they should sue all 20 + countries . 
  it will be enough to obtain just one victory , just one court and that will be good . 
  and that will happen cause we have many countries with honest judges . 
  not all countries are totalitarian controlled like usa , uk , germany etc. 
  our neighbors did that often during history . 
  have a look at the world war 2 serbia occupation . 
  but they never managed . 
  the only country who managed to do something is croatia that ethnically cleansed itself of serbs . 
  from 1941 . til 1995 . 
  1 million of serbs were exterminated or relocated out of croatia . 
  serbs also suffered a genocide in ww2 there , and i would say in the 90es too . 
  but we manage to stay strong and retaliate . 
  balkan wars are faaaaar from over . 
  yes . 
  imagine now living in kosovo , that was covered with loving albanian friendly uranium bombs  i bet those albanians hardly wait for two headed children to appear . 
  will be smarter ? 
  it already happened a few times . 
  serbia always came out victorious  that is an old dream of all nazis , the thing you are hoping for . 
  if not wanted , even better . 
  serbia was never on the dark side . 
  the world turned into a totalitarian nazi rubbish . 
  well , looks like serbia is not entering nato . 
  lol, 
  you do n't know what genocide is . 
  you are just pumped by ridiculous media . 
  your approach to reality is pretty flattened . 
  thanks . 
  i applied over 50 times for suitable roles , but was never successful . 
  listen or be bombed :d, 
  please read some theory before engaging public discussion . 
  you are not familiar with basic terms . 
  i am finished with this meaningless discussion . 
  so serbia was a victim of foreign interests only ? 
  so you think nato is run by noble motives ? 
  i visited 1-5 zones . 
  no i was n't inland . 
  but comparing to dublin and ireland , uk pretty disappointed me . 
  i guess i expected primary school english learning books lessons in uk . 
  but also can last for thousands of years :d, 
  thanks for that . 
  i wonder what kind of jobs are in question ? 
  in your definition any war crime is genocide . 
  i think life quality is the lowest in uk of all other developed rich western eu countries . 
  it was also very interesting that now life is way better in ireland , that was a former colony of uk . 
  yes . 
  but still , choices and possibilities are much much better in germany , netherlands , france and many many other countries . 
  pay - prices relation is rather low . 
  i believe even with 30k in london you ca n't have a quality life like for example in bulgaria . 
  not talking about a lot of uneducated people that chose slavery life . 
  i think they are better being slaves in uk . 
  dream on . 
  even if some money enters kosovo , it will not be on behalf of its people , but a minority of your criminal government . 
  however the infantile stories about some fortune that was robbed by belgrade and similar stories also led to war . 
  looks like the only solution will be war , and looks like serbia is waiting nato to fell asleep . 
  i am not so sure albanians will be able to defend themselves . 
  so far serbia was mostly undefeated , for the last 200 years . 
  you are in big underestimation of serbia as a state , and serbs as a people . 
  but time will show . 
  economy in focus . 
  hard times for kosovo people continues for the decades to come . 
  so handsome :d, 
  i 've never understood people immigrating to uk . 
  i am surprised it was not a serb kidnapper ? 
  i thought we were the worst of all . 
  but this is not a horror story after all :d, 
  i visited uk recently and noticed that purchasing power , standards are much lower than in the continent ? 
  why is that so ? 
  germans have much better living standards . 
  or am i wrong ?? 
  so why did nato intervene ? 
  they learned from the best . 
  there is no end mate . 
  no end . 
  europe is to become a three continent world ruling empire . 
  if you earn 200 in kiev you will not mind working illegally in eu . 
  another hit for the work rates in eu ? 
  i suppose crime rate is enormous in those conditions ? 
  how good the country now is for freelancers ? 
  is it safe in kiev ? 
  if it exists . 
  and what if all sides are committing it ? 
  exactly . 
  but us supported their beloved muslims :d, 
  yes and bill clinton supported muslims . 
  in the war where all sides were wrong he supported muslims . 
  i suppose ordered by us boss , saudi arabia . 
  however , serbs have their own state , so it is like the victims of war paid out themselves . 
  you do n't know that . 
  even if it did , it was not cleansing but just a war crime . 
  9000 deaths ca n't cleanse a nation . 
  armenians suffered cleansing , jews , serbs in ww2 croatia suffered cleansing ... read about jasenovac to get a better picture and especially https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jastrebarsko_concentration_camp, 
  yeah , there must be some ethnic cleansing now in the world too . 
  go search for it and drop 5000 bombs on that evil mastermind . 
  let 's kill them all mr rambo . 
  there is some truth in oppression story . 
  there was a media part too .
