sup fellow v2 . 
  tbh it was just banter lads, 
  in 1965 the number of turks was 55.000 according to wikipedia . 
  that 's not a high enough number that you can blame turks . 
  danes are germanic people though no ? 
  how is this even an eu thing ? 
  this is up to turkey to accept . 
  why was mozart such a turkboo ? 
  did n't know protestant faith reached that far , always though it kinda stopped in nordics , netherlands , uk&n orthern germany . 
  probably , if they kept their religion even after living under protestant english rule , they must be pretty devout . 
  italy surprised me though . 
  thought they would have a relatively high age of consent as well . 
  secular and laic mean the same thing no ? 
  i mean , you got that word from turkish ( laik here ) and the meaning is the same . 
  how common is protestantism in transylvania ? 
  revive jan pawe\u0142 . 
  bunch of pussies tbh . 
  real men join central powers . 
  while that 's true , your first comment makes no sense . 
  why should a stabbing in sweden be of more importance than austrian news ? 
  you mentioned that austrian newspapers reported this , so that 's quite enough . 
  tbh that was an isolated incident , it 's not like it happened everywhere in netherlands . 
  and did i claim otherwise ? 
  because russians do live in a police state . 
  if you do n't consider turkey as european ( and that 's the norm ) , ireland has the highest age of consent . 
  he says `` we bash hungary and poland ? '', 
  so i think he meant this subreddit . 
  i 'd personally vote for alberto barbosa myself . 
  are you bloody insane ? 
  literally no european i see in this subreddit supports turkish accesion to eu . 
  do n't act like turkey is getting praised everyday here , because that 's far from the truth . 
  furthermore , lots of people do support poland and hungary after the migration crisis . 
  you 're so full of bullshit . 
  ohh , so that 's why european countries have such low birthrates . 
  i did n't even say anything besides `` top kek '' , are you perhaps schizophrenic ? 
  top kek, 
  if you find one , post it . 
  until then , shut it . 
  haha , meant it as a joke . 
  though mehmet is probably their name , not surname . 
  nope , 221 grams of gold is 23.549 liras . 
  that 's how we roll . 
  i never understood this . 
  even in istanbul it snows more than this sometimes , how can there be no snow in greece ? 
  if the turkish territory they want to secede is majority kurdish then yeah , i especially want something like that . 
  and yeah , i agree on those things . 
  some of ataturk 's laws made sense in his time but not today . 
  the thing is , conservatives always maked the majority of the turkish population . 
  they were kept in their place before , when the conservative parties like anap were n't really as religious as akp . 
  turkey wo n't be european until the mindset of people changes . 
  i actually want an independent kurdistan in the region , but my reason for wanting it is probably a lot more different than yours . 
  you mentioned ataturk 's laws , what do you mean by that ? 
  well , thank you for your good work m8 , there are lots of misconceptions spread around this place and people need to learn the truth . 
  well , perhaps it is kinda similar to eastern europe ( i visited the entire balkan peninsula except for bulgaria , kosovo and romania ) but i doubt the mindset is similar to the one in turkey . 
  you need to visit out conservative cities to get an idea , i ca n't easily explain this , but you just know turkey is n't european when you see europe . 
  well , as someone who visited europe lots of times , i can confirm that apart from istanbul , turkey looks nothing like an european country . 
  do n't even get me started on the mindset of the the people . 
  i always find your pro-turkey comments interesting , why do you like us so much ? 
  well tbh eu helped them a lot . 
  serbia or bosnia or albania are n't in eu afaik . 
  we do ? 
  bollocks , you can always blame the perfidious albion . 
  did n't know that , thanks m8 . 
  i fail to see the joke , why is it funny ? 
  is the current leader party in armenia conservative ? 
  rome was sunk when venetians sacked constantinople and mehmed captured it . 
   t. byzboo, 
  1400s-1600s was not enough to sate our lust for glory . 
  it 's our turn to set up mandates around the world tbh, 
  interesting . 
  i thought pomaks were ethnic turks that settled in bulgaria , at least that 's what is said about them here . 
  they 're just muslim bulgarians ? 
  they were n't specifically choosen from the muslim population though , it was n't a necessity . 
  though yes , bulgarians probably did n't became bashi bazouk . 
  source ? 
  so what ? 
  bulgarian also became bashi-bazouks . 
   i 'm your average reddit subscriber . 
  do you really think i read anything other than article names ? 
  ftfy, 
  this exact mindset is why we invaded the island in the first place ... 
  soon ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  it 's a social experiment bro chill, 
  pretty much . 
  glorious . 
  nerf hussars pls, 
  byzantine empire sounds better than turkey , constantinople sounds better than istanbul . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  it is poland 's destiny to be partitioned again and again though . 
  it always ends with partititon . 
  always . 
  why not give the entire peninsula tbh ? 
  `` the '' turk ? 
  seems like ze europe started seeing us as the enemy number 1 again . 
  really small foamy beers tbh, 
  kek, 
  then poland becomes partitioned ^ ^ ^ ^ again . 
  the end . 
  historically sweden and ottoman empire were friends . 
  i can see why now . .
