  it 's still a unique culture , with unique foods , dances and language . 
   is macedonian language a dialect of bulgarian , or is it a language of its own ? 
  is serbian a language , or a dialect ? 
  are croats and serbs two nations , or one nation ? 
  macedonian is a dialect of bulgarian . 
  serbo-croatian is one language , but four nations . 
  ( serbia , croatia , bosnia , montenegro )  which religion is the religion of the germans ? 
  which religion is french ? 
  northern germany is protestant . 
  southern germany and france is catholic , if you exclude the non-religious . 
  now that i 've answered your questions , what 's your point ? 
  identity , history , culture , tradition , dialect , religion . 
  nationalism is not pompous `` my tribe is better than yours , we do n't need you '' . 
  nationalism is love for your people , putting your people on top priority and best interest . 
  yes . 
  destroy the boogeyman that is nationalism and the nation-states , the foundation of happiness and harmony . 
  the reawakening is happening and not in the way the writer of this article wants it . 
  the european union is a failed project and many will follow britain . 
  the eu will not exist in 20 years . 
  a third of indians defecate on the streets . . 
  leftists make the argument that the refugees are potential doctors and engineers and we should let them all in . 
  he 's making fun of that . 
  thank you for your brave attempts to kill freedom of speech , eu . 
  this would never pass here and we 'd leave the eu before an atrocity like this happens . 
  the netherlands or austria is next . 
  my post is two sentences . 
  i do n't know how you managed to not understand it . 
  there would n't be a 50k + large protest for brexit if remain won . 
  funded by george soros . 
  you would not see pro-brexit protests if remain won with 52 % . 
  one of the things they did is censor freedom of speech . 
  are you advocating that ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_orthodox_church#ottoman_rule https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians#persecution_of_orthodox_christians_in_ottoman_empire  during and immediately after the ottoman conquest , a significant number of the bulgarian churches and monasteries south of the danube , including the patriarchal cathedral church of the holy ascension in tarnovo , were razed to the ground . 
  some of the surviving ones were converted into mosques . 
  many of the clergy were killed, 
  so your ancestors invade the balkans , enslave the people , take the women , refuse them the right to practice christianity . 
  and you have the audacity to try and claim they were oppressed . 
  meanwhile , 75 years ago ...  germany has a different mindset and legislation when it comes to free speech . 
  it may not be the best system , but it 's ours . 
  deal with it . 
  false advertising is fraud and has nothing to do with free speech . 
  the way he phrased it is as if your neighbor mitko is telling you to buy his stuff , because it cures cancer . 
  obviously if you believe him , it 's your own fault . 
  you 're saying that kind of talk should be illegal ? 
  there are none . 
  all civilized countries should have absolute free speech . 
  do you know what the words `` free speech '' mean ? 
  the right to express any opinions , without censorship . 
  this law should not pass . 
  idiotic . 
  the armenian genocide happened and it 's a tragedy , but this is a breach of free speech rights . 
  the national socialist party . 
  one can only assume . 
  thank you for your unbiased opinion , socialist spanish republic . 
   closet nazi how is this an argument ? 
  another case of `` literally hitler '' . 
   german nationalist all nationalists are nazis ? 
  by that logic all socialists are nazis since the nazis were socialist too . 
   secretly thinks epic . 
   everyone i do n't like is a nazi !, 
  it 's amazing how often i see this . 
  and what are the other steps , complaining and whining ? 
  do n't whine how everything is fucked unless you 're doing something about it . 
  no , our ancestors looked in different villages , not just our own , it 's described in a few works of literature . 
  kadyrov is making fun of him here . 
  he lost his cat a while ago and john oliver made a joke about it . 
  nobody likes a defeatist and pessimistic attitude . 
  speaking of ozil . 
  has anyone noticed how inbred this guy looks ? 
  til letting people vote on what happens to their country is cowardly . 
  if you do n't have at least a light brown tint of brown on your skin , forget it . 
  can you tell ? 
  the whole country is at an uproar and there 's protests in front of the parliament actually calling for subsidies to those who preach radical islam . 
  what do you think ? 
  anyone else remember when you did n't hear about rapes , murders and terrorist attacks monthly in germany ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npvfq_laxwy from jan. 26th . 
  make fun of the only guy who warned you about brussels just because he misspoke ... 
  because nobody knows jo cox . 
  i 'm sure calling 50-55 % of the uk dumb is going to help the remain campaign . 
  5 % of the uk is muslim . 
  christian crosses deemed provocative . 
  10 % of egypt is christian . 
  would the star and crescent be offensive and provocative in egypt by your logic ? 
  hard to believe , is n't it ? 
  how a christian cross can be considered provoking in an european majority christian country is beyond me . 
   please explain turkish political movements in bulgaria.thanks . 
  they 're turks and we do n't want turks ruling over us . 
  the bulgarian populace loves russia . 
  our leaders do n't . 
  nowadays macedonians are brainwashed bulgarians . 
  we have the same language , the same names , the same customs , traditions , dances . 
  probably not because your customs and traditions are n't that of the english . 
  they spoke greek , acted greek , wrote in greek . 
  they were greeks . 
  yep . 
  except they do n't admit it , and falsify their history by stealing some of bulgarian and greek history . 
  thanks for the non-biased opinion , sashko . 
   communism_is_cool : xxxxx, 
  you bet i 'm going to be offended when this tiny country tries to claim my country 's history . 
  he was born in the ancient kingdom of macedonia .
