we dont want gypsies either . 
  idk where the fuck they came from and we dont want them either . 
  i know a few people that go in other countries from romania but they all are on a work contract , soo no harm done there . 
  all those `` bottom joe '' jobs in uk/france/germany are filled by low payed workers from romania/bulgaria/whatever . 
  so i think it actually does benefit the eu with the entry of our two conutries . 
  if you really want to know why eu is fucking retarded , ill tell you . 
  in romania i can apply for eu funds and build myself a `` hostel '' ( aka , a huge castle ) and put the smallest ever sign of `` hostel '' , and poof there we go , i have a free gigantic house , which i can sell in 5 years for at least 150.000 euros . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  these hostels pop up by the hundreds every year because of this eu money . 
  the eu is giving money away for free , then they complain . 
  run what i wrote through google translate if you didnt understand . 
  romanians are very pessimistic , for good reason though , our country sucks and promotes bullying and being a dick . 
  in this country , nice guys dont finish at all . 
  if you 're an asshole , you 'll do just fine . 
  i thought you were going to post a picture with random german luxury cars parked on top of the sidewalk and a bunch of 10 yr olds dressed in super tight mini dresses . 
  cause thats how it is where i live . 
  easy there satan, 
  funny story about a romanian friend of mine ... 
  i know these 2 brothers one went to work as a licenced medical assistant in austria and the other stayed in romania ( he is a bit slow ) . 
  yesterday i find out that the brother in romania is in austrian jail ... 
  apparently he was tricked into going to austria to pick up a used car , but when he got there the plan changed and he was forced to transport refugees . 
  he did n't understand what he was doing and he got caught . 
  this is surreal , i ca n't believe he ended up in this mess . 
  i 'm 100 % sure he did n't know , he just got forced and tricked into doing this . 
  they 're restoring most of oradea , romania just like in your picture . 
  ( i 'm guessing they are prepping the city for when they invade us in 2 years ), 
  im sure he just meant the corrupt politicians that run the show . 
  i 've lived half my life in one of the safest cities in canada and i would classify romania as much safer than canada . 
  my parents came to visit me , someone gets shot and killed two streets away from me . 
  when i visit romania , maybe someone 's car gets broken into . 
  there is crime in romania , but petty crime . 
  idk , it has n't dropped a dime so far . 
  yeah , well in romania thats way above the national monthly average pay . 
  and most people either live with their parents or work in other countries . 
  damn . . 473 euros a month is excellent pay in romania . . not to mention everything is way more expensive here than in greece . 
  when a important deal takes place , maybe germany or france will block it , or not help the us , or use it as leverage . . who knows . 
  i only know 2 bosnians and they are exactly as described . 
  awsome people, 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes, 
  soon rom\u00e2nia will be empty at this rate . 
  all the politicians are stealing more and more , forcing everyone to move the he 'll out of this shitty country . 
  it 's a pretty good tactic , this way they 'll have nothing to steal from the people . 
  german roads for romania plz, 
  lol , have you been on some of our trains ? 
  they 're suuuper slow, 
  this should be at the top . 
  we need to be together , continue this peace , not riled up against each other . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  thats the only thing we have going for us . 
  because we get 1gbps for 8 euros . 
  all those declines are happening because people are moving to the uk, 
  shiit . . that poor bmw :( fucking jelous people, 
  its ridiculous to sugarcoat a fact . 
  romanians are very corrupt . 
  period , there is no going around it , there are no ifs and buts , our society is corrupt and will continue to be so until the death penalty for corruption happens . 
  so 20 % of cyber defense is corrupt . 
  yeah that 's pretty much the only thing we got going . 
  i have gigabit internet for 10 $, 
  yes and no ? 
  it 's pretty much how things are here . 
  average wage in romania is minimum wage . 
  unfortunately the situation is dire . 
  price of potato is too high . 
  cheap 90 's bmw parts incoming , 
  damn , these skyrim mods are getting pretty realistic . 
  wtf is that ... 
  for once , i 'm not ashamed of my country 's barbaric behaivour because i know this would never happen in romania . 
  we are so racist that they would never be allowed here , not peacefully at least . 
  it 's not disrespect , it 's how things are . 
  after photoshopping tens of thousands of models and various images you seem trough the `` beauty '' of the shot and analyse the technical aspects . 
  a friend of mine works only on ferrari , he says they are horrible cars who break down often . 
  i would definitely classify that as disrespect for someone who designed and made that car . 
  what i said was n't disrespect , just the cold facts about what people seem in magazines and commercials etc, 
  well i get paid to do it , so i suppose i am . 
  i have a lot of experience using photoshop , you have no ideea how much pictures are altered before they go in a article or on the pages of a magazine . 
  of course the shot is important but working the image is just as important . 
  first of all , i ai n't jelly , i 'm mostly fat . 
  and 2nd of all , i 'm a photographer and photoshop magician . 
  20 % of most images is the shot , and 80 % is the photoshop applied to said images . 
  * photoshop in lithuania * fixed the title for you . 
  is that where the witcher 3 was filmed . . ? 
  how can you lie in such a perverse manner on christmas eve !, 
  that 's only half a cake !, 
  romanians always do this . 
  i 've worked with many nationalities , usually if there are 20 germans or bulgarians , they will speak english to acomodate the romanian ... but if there are 2 romanians and 20 other nationalities ... they do n't care , they speak romanian . 
  very , very rude . . but that 's how life is here . 
  i love baclava , so sweet you can taste the beetus, 
  rom\u00e2nia \u00ees very anti russia at the moment but we love lukoil , they have the cheapest prices . 
  despite the fucking fact that gas is more expensive in romania than pretty much all of europe . 
  as a v8 gasoline fan , this hurts :( i hate seeing all these dinghy tiny engines in cars . 
  i 'm not sure if its the same in all of europe but in romania christmas is essentially a cooking war . 
  my mom asked me what do i want this christmas , i named 2 types of cakes , she made 9 ... 
  i 'll whip my slr out and post some pics when i get home . 
  orthodox christian checking in , also all of romania who is orthodox christian celebrate christmas on the 25th . 
  you might not be orthodox ... 
  romania is the best one . 
  whoever did romania did a pretty good job , 
  someone should fine delivery companies in romania as well . 
  dhl charges 200 euros for a 4kg package to uk . 
  insane,
