yeah that and nearly causing war with russia over expansion into ukraine, 
  horrifying ... 
  the guy in the clown hoodie , i think i 'd run a mile ... but on the plus side , i never knew bucharest looked so nice , somewhere i 've never really looked at, 
  should have seen the flyers from just before the news broke & still on walls after , was something like `` rotherham council , putting children first '' now you would think , their safety first ? 
  maybe education ? 
  no it was ruin their lives first but i 've had enough issues and lies from the rotherham council , and criminal damage from the sy police ... but thats a different one for a future story im sure, 
  i 'd probably be less considering my grandma 's line goes into a romani gypsy , still consider myself english however, 
  half the problem is , voters do n't decide on the leader , unions get members to take labour membership and then vote for their choice on your behalf ( you dont get a say ), 
  my german wife always thought it was odd when i would talk about europe , as if we was n't a part of it . 
  she kinda understands now, 
  and before hollande came into power , england was a french ally . 
  if we leave it will hurt france even further, 
  im with you on this , my wife is german , her family still lives there , but its highly likely we 'll both be voting to leave , the migrant issue is part of it , but there is other big problems too , the way we ca n't make our own trade agreements , the way they interfere with our laws/nhs & companies , the fact they seem to support tax avoidance ( if it benefits a smaller country ) , no auditing of their accounts ... i see ( like a good portion of uk ) the eu at this moment as corrupt to the core, 
  when i read this last month i did wonder , if/when new health risks are found with these ( i mean you are inhaling oil vapor ) would the nhs be responsible ? 
  usually i do n't read it , there is so many ` comment is free ' articles that spew some real anti-british/western agenda , and reading the first few sentenses , it looked like another . 
  but as you asked , i went back to read it ... and the agressive tone taken is exactly the issue the uk ( maybe not scots ) have with the eu , the feeling of been trampled on , ignored on issues we have , while the eu line their own pockets , do n't allow audits on their accounts and allow tax havens to exist . 
  look at the reactions the eu have been recieved in poland , hungary and greece after their attitude . 
  myself i would stay with the eu ( having a german wife and family is easier ) if most problems are sorted , but i would n't support full federalization , and articles like this only fan the flames of an exit, 
  typical guardian 's comment is free , therefore ignore, 
  ive always considered the contribute before claiming should apply to homegrown citizens too , our own never workers seem much worse than the imported ones . 
  maybe make it a certain amount of years ( 1-2 ) or reach antaxable amount , whichever comes first for all citizens . 
  i 'm not sure which outdated copyright laws you mean , the ones that protect their work , which cost money & time and they surely would like paying for . 
  not every company has the resources of microsoft or universal and piracy can put these people of work and homes . 
  so call it what it is , theft . 
  i know ill be downvoted for a fact , too many people see nothing wrong with stealing music , movies & games and even openly talk about it to strangers , but i can guarantee , if the boot was on the other foot , they would be first to complain, 
  i saw in an h&m in germany the pricing was different for all countries in $ . 
  for example greece $ 31 , germany $ 25 , austria $ 26 and so on . 
  it does seem wrong , all i could think was transport costs are kinda included, 
  it 's probably also down the fact france is one of our closest friends , kinda like a sibling rivalry, 
  oh yea , i do n't think its wise to exit like that , just saying the option is there . 
  if it fails i guess the leader would end up in prison on serious crimes, 
  they can just go independent without the governments permission , it would require a massive vote in favour , like near 100 % and the risk of retaliation from government . 
  but if they can get support from other countries and hold off the government , its possible, 
  and we 're higher than i expected ... honestly thought we 'd be bottom, 
  not really in rotherham surprisingly , i 've not even seen tension towards the poles or any eu migrants either ( city voted leave tho ) . 
  when im in the town centre you see a few asians in the full getup but most are friendly and chatty . 
  the only place i 've heard of big issues in the surrounding area is page hall in sheffield , there the whites and asians are teaming up against the romanians, 
  my current town in the news again ... never for good things ... 
  the reason we left , the brexit papers loved printing whatever he spewed, 
  ahh i though poland was euro , still expensive tho . 
  add it to the rest of trouble tesco is in . 
  here in the uk execs have been charged with fraud, 
  why illegal ? 
  or is just a joke cos they 're made with powered milk , and that price ? 
  $ 7 for a small pack ? 
  i guess sky would be looking forwards to this , if they can sell their package as internet only to non-uk countries they could make a packet ( unless we leave of course ) however i think this could end bbc in its current form , it would have to become subscription based as it could n't continue to charge uk licence fee but give it away for free over seas, 
  i know its a longer time on the ferry but could you avoid calais and go to dunkirk instead ? 
  aww , looks like italy is wearing a garter , must be from the marriage of countries, 
  yeah when/if tax evasion lands it 's a different story . 
  while that would be humorous , im guessing a few minions will be jailed on tim 's behalf . 
  i cant see how this ruling can make apple pay , apple is n't breaking any rules , its paying what its agreed , the blame falls on ireland for allowing it , all i can see is ireland been fined a large amount if they do n't collect, 
  but would n't banning business to all companies without an eu office freeze the import market for the eu ? 
  the smaller companies from uk , switz , even the us and china will be banned from trading . 
  or a small office/desk in a low tax country opens up books with no staff and happens to make no profit at all due to acting like a franchise and we 're back to the start, 
  but the kippah is n't an hat to them and has as much religious meaning as a cross on display . 
  you ca n't ban one without the rest or its just discrimination . 
  could you imagine trying to ban the cross necklaces, 
  the question is tho , will these companies seek deals in other countries , if a non eu country offers a sweetheart deal it might be worth them taking , 0.001 % to 12.5 % is a massive cost increase . 
  im not saying its right , but its business and countries will welcome jobs and one of the biggest companies setting up shop, 
  i agree with your points , but the cynic in me thinks the companies will use the 1-3 years to bury the tax details deeper or move to a country safe from eu rules, 
  if the eu successfully wins this and forces an eu wide tax control , it could be quite beneficial to a non-eu country , 
  i dunno , they have more to fight for now , the talk of eu armys and taking greater budget control just weeks after the brexit shows its full steam ahead , the biggest country against further integration is going , so it might be heading that way , along with all borders been removed , `` cos they 're stupid '' in junker 's words ( kinda ), 
  this could be a bit of a landmark case , as it kinda states that countries should not make their own tax deals if it undercuts a bigger nation , and will probably lead to the eu setting the corporation tax for each country . 
  altho it would be quite effective to give low tax to poorer eu countries and high tax to the rich ones , the likes of romania and portugal might not have large exodus of populations, 
  well he wanted to get isis around the negotiation table ... 
  the problem is inbred voting , the ones who vote labour ( or tories ) just because their family does , or because of a pm 30 years ago . 
  been in rotherham this is pretty obvious , even after the sex gang fallout which the council turned a blind eye to got back in power no effort, 
  would be enough to pay the road tax for the remaining life of the car , if the new emissions tests cause the tax to jump to # 300/yr ( its been talked about ) then vw could pay # 300/yr while you own the car , sell it and lose it, 
  the emissions can be , in the uk the road tax is worked on emissions it could see your diesel car going from # 30/yr to 300 + / yr, 
  the words power jews caught my eye and made me think , i wonder what `` power jew superhero '' would find in a bing search . 
  first image http://www.evilnewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/jewish-superhero1.jpeg, 
   join the russo-turkish side , we have cookies !, 
  wonder if thats why our pm is meeting putin , cookiess !!, 
  rock solid as in , how a solid rock falls off a cliff ? 
  agree wholeheartedly , the eu should be working to encourage growth in the nearly failed states , not punishing them for failing to recover quickly while the richer countries enjoy the cheap currency with all the infrastructure, 
  we have the culham centre for fusion energy , think most countries are researching it , as its worth a fortune to the winner . 
  no idea whose winning tho , iirc germany were doing well, 
  i guess tutting and remarks . 
  could see some moving in the video and they did n't even get a glance, 
  just wait for the fusion model , for those never ending mini adventures, 
   brie is often served with fruit . 
  thought you 'd know that , france . 
  i would never have considered ketchup as fruit , more like a few tomatoes mixed with vinegar and sugar, 
  greece could have been fine , and avoided any default by currency devaluing . 
  if they held foreign assets in different currency , then deflate the currency , tourism and their assets would boom in value , allowing debt to be recovered . 
  but end of the day , whichever way they went the biggest issue was , when they joined the euro gravy boat they seemed to think money was endless and then failing to collect tax , over paying staff and corruption killed them, 
  scare tactics ? 
  brexit was meant to cause genoside , wwiii and godzilla attacks ( all could still happen however ), 
  it would be in scotlands interest to recognise, 
   neither convergencia ( or whatever they are now ) will let this happen as they both benefit from having the other as an antagonist . 
  this is scotland v england and england v eu ( look what happened there ) the smaller always complains upwards . 
  currently down .13 % , can hardly be called a slump, 
  so basically , terrorist top trumps, 
  i do think , if we went into an election with tories not triggering art. 50 , labour still a joke and farage back at ukip , a lot of voters would go ukip and blame the establishment , the reason brexit won in the first place and then horrifyingly farage would be pm, 
  i wonder how long until turks are able to start seeking asylum , as its looking a seriously unsafe country for sections of the population, 
  it did with some i spoke to , when part of the brexiteers problem was foreign leaders telling uk what do , and a foreign leader comes over with , what was considered threats , it clearly backfired for some, 
  makes chilcot look like george r r martin, 
  might be more like candyman , and you 've got 4 visits coming up , enjoy, 
  first sounds like heaven , 72 virgins . . but later you have 72 girlfriends ... 
  lol that 's even funnier ...
