  but yeah was warcraft too , quote below `` the prospect of a predominantly white , european realm being invaded by foreign , primitive , darker skinned hordes ( they are actually called the horde ) might set alarm bells ringing in our current climate of immigration anxiety . 
  is this a veiled ukip broadcast ? 
  or a pro-trump one ? 
  nobody suggests the orcs are there to steal azeroth 's jobs or exploit its benefits system , thankfully , though they are intent on overrunning their adoptive country and sucking the souls out of all its living creatures '', 
  agreed , they ran film reviews saying warcraft was based on the migration in europe and tarzan is a white supremacist superhero . 
  i guess kurds in syria , . 
  respond by more aggression, 
  so uber didnt have the appetite eh, 
  we have no cuisine other than yorkshire puddings with stuffing and meat , or pig wrapped in pig . 
  we import all our cuisines , 
  the euro , currently it ca n't tackle the gulf between countries and creates an uneven system , the northern countries get richer while the med gets poorer . 
  i know some of these countries governments brought this on themselves , but the only system is cause lost generations via austerity . 
  the only fix to this imo is much greater integration , so the ecb can create an equal field , to tax the richer countries more to fund the weaker countries , but try telling the germans your tax is going up 5 % to pay for the greeks 10 % tax cut . 
  do n't bring common sense into discussion ... the circlejerk is in full swing, 
  while it has increased its not as bad as reported , my wife is german , my friends wife a french teacher and my neighbours polish , i hav n't heard any issues towards them . . in the past my wife has had comments like , i hate germans because you killed my jewish grandad ,, 
  the ftse 100 has recovered greater than european stocks , 
  he entered the great game , and he found it brutal, 
  [ hoho ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-kiig7kjzgsu/uxblnlr0jli/aaaaaaaalt4/q4dmweqknhu/s1600/reading-laugh.gif ), 
  i 'm wondering where the 42k brits are in the vatican ... large underground prison camp ? 
  strange natwest do , and have everytime i 've been in , again jeremy vine said they were weighed . 
  so not ridiculous really, 
   although you 'd probably end up with people sellotaping stuff on to their ballots to increase the weight i did think that , adding a staple or something if not caught would skew the result , i have intended to watch online before , but as they run over thursday nights , work stops me, 
  fair enough , just going off what jeremy vine said , he said they are put in 2 piles and weighed . 
  banks do it for coins in bags , so i assumed it must be pretty accurate . 
  yeah on post votes you fill in and sign , voting booths you need no id just a polling card , but these are detatched/seperate from the voting sheet . 
  votes are simply put into piles and weighed , no-one will manually go through them, 
   i must be missing something ... where is the data for the percentage of young people who voted in the referendum ? 
      it looks like he is just estimating based on turnout at the last election . 
  considering there is no real data collection when you vote , i ca n't see how they know which age groups voted which way or how many . 
  only the polls and speculation can give this, 
  i love beans on toast !, 
  considering he never said it , nor was with the vote leave campaign that did say it , its a little bit of an odd story, 
  awwww \u2639, 
  the issue i see , a vote to remain will be seen by the eu as a vote for the status-quo and no reason for the eu to change things , unless its very close, 
  prehaps https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpxv9xuqlea, 
  pretty much like booing during a rivals national anthem , no not honouring a minutes silence, 
  honestly im not , was a reply to an earlier comment that gained a couple of responses + bored at work , so i replied hoping i 'd learn something :d . i only know them by name , nothing more really, 
  i thought the meps pick the leader ( which is right ) , so this is n't like all other elections , which was the point i was making . 
  the other point is meps dont declare who they would vote for in for president either , no matter how deep you look ( but that could be a uk thing , as meps are considered joke votes ), 
   nothing would stop your parliament to mandate another person as head of the government , or to mandate other ministers either . 
  the uk has a strange relationship with promoting the eu , hence ukip winning most meps and the referendum, 
  `` if it 's head of the commission , you actually did as they are proposed by the governments of the member states . '', 
  then its not elected like any parliment , we vote knowing who the leader would be at the voting stage . 
  not who they decide/bribed by later, 
  i voted for meps in the past , and nothing was stated about president voting . 
  so if mep choose the ep its kinda like a blind vote ( usa style voting ) if they dont then i 've no idea who does, 
  so thats all ? 
  no opinions on why ? 
  just a plain flyer targetting someone who is n't even leading the leave campaign, 
  `` wtf . 
  the ep is elected just like any parliament '' i 've never voted for the ep , or knowingly voted for someone who would choose the president . 
  we wo n't leave , when the day comes the remain votes will come , either like the silent tory vote or last minute nerves causing change of minds . 
  i do n't agree its all racism and lies , yeah i do know of 1-2 who are voting leave because of migrants , but most i know are down to dislike of the eu , the way it runs , the agressive tone from some eu ministers and david cameron . 
  and to say we 'd lose our working rights is a guess , it 's highly likely we 'd keep what we have now and alter it from there . 
  would mean elections would be far more important . 
  due to no real debates , concrete talk on the prospect of leaving , we have no idea which way we 'd go after , but i guarentee there would be a ge before it, 
  i was under the impression our costs were # 350 million a week , but thats only outgoing costs , we do receive more back in funding and rebate . 
  no side is been honest , so ca n't really believe either . 
  why did the remain campaign go for why we should n't leave fear campaign , instead of why should stay campaign, 
  i buy `` our cow molly '' ice cream , made in sheffield and easily the best i 've had, 
  the uk is tearing itself apart , there is indepedence campaigns building in cornwall and yorkshire too, 
  oh yeah , agree with that , back in the 80 's the country was screwed , i thought you meant present . 
  quite a few industries died then due to strike actions creating an unreliable workforce, 
  low production quality of cars ? 
  now i know your just talking bs . 
  the uk is one of the largest producers of cars sold across europe . 
  mini , astra , jaguar , land/range rover , honda civic , aston martin ... the list goes on . . most are in forgein hands yeah , but people buy from the uk for the simple reason ( like germany ) we know what we 're doing, 
  it 's not just car prices , you lower the value of your currency , which allows you to export greater numbers , therefore re-kickstarting their economy . 
  overall can go towards reducing debts . 
  germany has benefitted greatly from the euro because of this ... the poorer euro countries keep the euro low , giving germany cheap exports , but if germany was using the mark still , it would be super high value like the # or higher . 
  but thats part of the problem , italy have lost the power to save their market , so its heads towards recession after recession with no prospect of escape . 
  they should be able to devalue if they wish with no care of the affect on other countries , because in the end , to the italian people and government , italy should be the most important thing , not germany or uk, 
  ca n't see them doing well sadly , the android market is saturated with far too many manufactuers and very little difference between them . 
  samsung has the market tied up , and with sony & htc showing signs of collapse in the last few years and the general smartphone market reporting to be slowing down . 
  i think samsung are likely to hold the market until android comes to an end and the next os takes it place , which i think will be a more pc functional os , be it chrome os , windows 10 or mac os, 
  maybe we should train more then ? 
  if the world championship sleepwalking race is on , then we should attempt to not embarrass ourselves like every football tournament, 
  under a bridge i guess , day job of charging for passage, 
  in the last few weeks i 've heard something , but nothing of any worth since the vote or just after , a few posts in the newspaper that did n't really sound serious . 
  i live in an area that voted 62 % leave , i know many leavers and the death penalty was the only one i heard seriously supported, 
  while i can understand some wanting the death penalty , i 've never heard a leave supporter mention any of the others ... 
  lol i did n't think it would be , it just looked like someone started to convert him with a tash, 
  was fun , shame the script bots ruined it a little . 
  but why is hitler on sweden ? 
  or is it meant to be someone else . 
  or just use online gaming like in the past , start a private server in a game and chat away , no one monitors in game chats, 
  sadly the cockroaches will out live us all, 
  thats bargaining start positions , you never start near your ideal target incase you can win more . 
  start extreme with plan to reduce . 
  much like eu says we owe # 50billion but we say we do n't , in fact you owe us . 
  expect somewhere in the middle with some kind of eea model, 
  does n't germany give rights of citizenship to born migrants ? 
  but also why i suspect it would be fought is because these people might only speak german and live german lives , then are thrown into a 3rd world country with no language skills , money or support . 
  its could be worse than a prison sentence, 
  while its great news , something just makes me think it might be illegal to kick out german born citizens , so expect a human rights appeal, 
  i think there is a bigger chance may changes her mind than corbyn winning . 
  plus corbyn wo n't stop it , he did n't campaign to remain , he was struggling to hide a smile on the day we voted to leave and he did n't try to stop it in recent mp votes . 
  libs are the ones that will overturn it , sadly the leader seems to have a no charisma, 
  considering oil is currently low value and hopefully is replaced with renewables in the near future , i would n't want to pin my hopes on it . 
  plus its value will be included in any divorce talks .
