  a president can be a strongman , but only a party ( or a coalition of parties ) can transform democracy into totalitarianism . 
  i 'm saying the evidence is n't strong even without the us . 
  it 's pretty circumstantial . 
  there are many reasons why ( western ) europe has n't had ( many ) dictatorships since the 1940s . 
  and not all dictatorships are alike . 
  pinochet , in chile , assumed government on the basis of national security ( after the president killed himself , ) and left office when he was voted out . 
  it could be argued that the presidential system allowed chile to go through an illiberal period without becoming a totalitarian state . 
  the junta was able to govern without the support of an all-encompassing party that would have transformed the political system entirely . 
  my point was that it 's not just the us - practically the entire new world has presidential systems , and has mostly been democratic ever since its independence 200 years ago . 
  even the south american dictatorships were brief ( chile 8 years , argentina 5 years ) and governed by committees ( juntas ) , not autocrats like napoleon/mussolini/hitler / franco/stalin/erdogan ( ? ) . 
  so the evidence for this theory seems pretty thin from my ignorant standpoint . 
  please , you 're just refusing to admit your mistake . 
  you obviously thought `` western hemisphere '' referred to western culture . 
  europe is n't in the fucking western hemisphere by any definition . 
  only the iberian peninsula and ireland are . 
  fyi , the `` sphere '' part refers to the fact that the earth is in the shape of a spheroid . 
  no , i 'll stick with the standard description . 
  the western hemisphere is the half of the planet west of the prime meridian . 
  but countries like the uk and france are in both hemispheres , so they ca n't really be defined as western hemisphere countries . 
  and realistically , when a historian talks about the politics of the western hemisphere they mean the new world , because there 's an ocean separating us , whereas the western tip of africa has been part of eastern hemispheric systems . 
   i was a little confused about your definition of `` western hemisphere '' since you left europe out of it . 
  holy shit , you still do n't know what the western hemisphere is . 
  jesus christ you 're condescending for someone who does n't know what the western hemisphere is . 
   what 's the `` western hemisphere '' ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_hemisphere i 'm not sure where you 're drawing the line between a presidential system and a `` full '' presidential system , but india has a president as head of state and commander-in-chief , and independent legislative and executive branches , like us . 
  they even have an electoral college . 
  as yeah , i know what kinds of governments europe has , but most of europe has been democratic for less than one lifetime . 
  practically every country in the western hemisphere is a republic and has a president as head of state . 
  also much of asia , including india , south korea and taiwan . 
  yes and like i said , he might as well be speculating about what might happen * if * trump proclaims himself our hereditary liege-lord . 
  it 's seriously grasping . 
  trump has nothing to do with turkish politics . 
  and i do n't even like him , but it 's childish for an educated american to suggest we 're becoming a dictatorship . 
  no anglophone country has been a dictatorship since the 1600s . 
  not that we 're better than anyone else , but it 's just not a form of government we 're accustomed to . 
  feldman might as well be suggesting that trump will crown himself king of north america . 
  yeah , the tories joined without a referendum , and labour ( after promising a referendum ) swept them out in the next election . 
  they needed a referendum on joining , so of course they needed a referendum on leaving . 
  did n't cameron first promise it in 2013 ? 
  that seems like plenty of time for discussion . 
  germany bans a lot of things , including burning the flag , waving the wrong flag and insulting important turks . 
  it 's a different political culture . 
  independence ( or eu accession ) without a referendum would be very unpopular in the uk . 
  if there should n't have been a referendum , then should scotland not get a referendum ? 
  should quebec not have got a referendum ? 
  should northern ireland not have got a referendum ? 
  and what about [ everyone else ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_related_to_the_european_union#eu_enlargement_of_1995 ) a referendum is the traditional way to decide these issues and the only way that will ever be seen as legitimate in the uk . 
   `` first non-imperial empire '' [ not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_brazil ) [ quite ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) :p, 
  war !, 
  what is it good for ? 
  urban planning , ofc . 
  also :  democracy as a system cant exist without it . 
  even as a constitutional dictator , pinochet left office when he was voted out ( he used simple yes/no referenda : approve constitution ? 
  keep me as president ? ), 
  people voted `` yes '' in 1980 and he stayed in office ; they voted `` no '' in 1988 and he stepped down , new elections were held and congress was re-established . 
  democracy does n't always kill itself without safeguards . 
  i like to read about history . 
  we ca n't talk about athenian democracy if we define democracy that exclusively . 
  likewise , i would n't like having to say that colonial new england was n't democratic just because the demos had the kratos to burn witches . 
  democracy just means that the * demos * have the * kratos . 
  * if there 's no illiberal democracy , then what does * liberal democracy * mean ? 
  that 's liberalism , not democracy . 
  we 're * liberal * democracies . 
  when pinochet submitted a new constitution to popular vote , that was still democracy . 
  i do n't have an opinion on who 's right , but national honor is important . 
  i think we underestimate how much insults matter to our species . 
  turks feel insulted , dutch feel insulted , and look at what happens . 
  this is why i think the west should do less `` condemning '' of other people in general , whether it 's turkey , russia , china , the philippines , saudi arabia , iran or israel . 
  good luck and congratulations !, 
  i was simplifying it a bit , but the consular track is one that does cross over . 
  if you 'd been cleared , you 'd have probably spent one of your first two tours as a consular officer and have been interviewing visa applicants at some point . 
  if you search , you 'll find a dozen ways the whole thing has been disproven . 
  the basic idea that we want to keep the dollar value high against other currencies ( presumably to keep our exports from being competitive ? ), 
  is just wrong . 
  and it 's usually swaddled in all kinds of factually untrue statements , about saddam hussein for example ( in reality , he he was a soviet ally ) . 
  not if it was an ethnic/religious holy war between all the scandinavian countries against each other , which is what the middle east is . 
  the whole petrodollar theory is pure bullshit . 
  you asked the mods to let this through , so likewise , please do n't downvote because you disagree . 
  yes . 
  he 's claiming there 's a giant international conspiracy of millions of people - governments , media , interest groups , the refugees themselves ( who are getting paid at atms ) - to export terrorism to europe . 
  have you thought about how impossible that is , from a purely practical standpoint ? 
  the cia ca n't even keep its hacking tools secret . 
  this would be the largest , most far-reaching conspiracy of the century , basically implicating our entire society in europe and north america , * and * the middle east and africa , and no one 's talked ? 
  the theory does n't even make sense in its own logic . 
  we want to do this , in order to keep europe dependent on us ? 
  but it does n't . 
  europeans just blame us for everything anyway , and islamists hate us . 
  so we 're incredibly good at geopolitical conspiracies , and also incredibly stupid and incompetent . 
  if we can manipulate africans , middle easterners , europeans and our own people to do our bidding , why ca n't we manipulate russians ? 
  oh , right : because russians are awesome . 
  the basic idea of blaming north america for europeans being anti-russia is delusional , as any american who 's lived in eastern europe will tell you . 
  poles , lithuanians , ukrainians , czechs and almost everyone else in the area are * way * more anti-russia than we are . 
  they 'd be anti-russia even if the usa never existed . 
  i have the deepest respect for russia and russians , but they do n't need our help with that . 
  oh , come * on ... * we want to islamify europe ? 
  how gullible are people ? 
  maybe ? 
  i 'm saying , when evaluating applications , different people sometimes make different decisions . 
  but that 's why you can re-apply .
