  when an athlete displays it , she 's expressing those ideals . 
  it 's like that with us and our flag . 
  but it tells you they subscribe to a certain ideology , they believe certain things , right ? 
  those are the ` shared values . ', 
  the eu is n't just a nation - it 's also a cause . 
  that kind of nationalism is a very powerful force when tapped into . 
  when someone has the eu flag as their flair , what does that indicate to you ? 
  it indicates a certain ideological position , does it not ? 
  it means support for an idea ? 
  but that 's what this is . 
  it 's eu nationalism . 
  civic nationalism , based on ideas instead of ethnicity . 
  it 's the same kind of nationalism we have . 
  edit : to clarify , i 'm saying it 's [ civic nationalism , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism ) not [ ethnic nationalism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_nationalism ), 
  they can just buy a drone off the shelf in pennsylvania if they actually want to . 
  so what should be done ? 
  it 's a difficult situation when your allies are allies of the enemies of your allies . 
  i did n't say the us always made the right decision . 
  i 'm replying to a broad strategic comment and explaining the strategic thinking . 
  but in grenada , the us intervention was actually [ requested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_grenada#background ) by the organization of eastern caribbean states and the governor-general of grenada . 
  that fact was kept secret at the time , leading a lot of countries to condemn it . 
  in chile , the us became involved in chile 's political crisis , supporting the side it most agreed with , an authoritarian but capitalist regime . 
  influence has to come first , or else we ca n't support those things . 
  if we 're allied with an undemocratic regime , we have influence with them and can influence them toward liberal democracy , as we have in taiwan , south korea and many other countries . 
  refusing to ally with them out of a sense of moral superiority does n't help them or us . 
  it only deprives us of ( vital ) influence and pushes them in the opposite direction . 
  everyone loses that way . 
   no one ever did that . 
  germany ? 
   the us needs to remove itself from nato because it 's not an equal partnership . 
  none of our alliances are equal partnerships . 
  that 's not the point . 
  equal partnership is n't even the most desirable basis for an alliance . 
  an alliance that places us in a leadership position is worth a lot more , strategically . 
  that 's not even approaching the real benefit to us , which is influence . 
  we 're shaping the future - nato and the eu mean the future of europe is a liberal democratic society , closely aligned with our ultimate goal of a world organized according to those principles . 
  in the beginning we supported them because of the threat of communism to that future , but now it 's just good strategy . 
  these guys are trump voters . 
  and you 're right , it makes no sense . 
  we do n't leave because it 's in our interest to support europe , and it will always be . 
  trump 's nato position is : america is willing to enter full-scale war , * with russia , * in defense of estonia ... but not if estonia 's military expenditure is slightly lower this year . 
  the position that america will enter or not enter ww3 over a tiny amount of cash is n't anything close to sane . 
  and it does n't matter how many people vote for it - it will never happen . 
  the senate just increased next year 's european defense budget , by a vote of 85 to 13 . 
  frustration is irrelevant . 
  america will always defend europe , regardless of how much they pay or do n't pay , because it 's not about the fucking money . 
   for fucks sake , you claimed ireland is a major world power on par with the us and russia . 
  you must have misread . 
  i said no such thing . 
  and i take a lot of [ neocon positions ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4wnpip/americas_great_mistakes_has_everyone_forgotten/d68pgy2 ) for the type of person you 're casting me as . 
  that being true for you does n't make it true for others . 
  anyway : 1 . 
  europe has some very complex internal issues to focus on , which are arguably more urgent . 
  america and canada remove some of the need for militarism , so we 're actually part of the problem . 
  historical perspectives are often very much against it . 
  the us adopted militarism because of the repeated failures of pacifism and neutrality . 
  others adopted pacifism and neutrality because of disasters caused by militarism . 
  some countries do n't actually have the resources for major power projection , without becoming 21st century sparta . 
  they 'd have to create a single integrated military , and if they do that , they 're basically abolishing their existence as independent countries , besides facing opposition from other member states . 
  i just do n't see the need to be narcissistic about it . 
  it 's pretty obvious why europe is less militaristic than us . 
  it 's not like we just have superior civic virtues or a natural talent for planning . 
  well , his proposal actually saves money - that 's one reason for its popularity . 
  there have been other similar predictions . 
  [ in this article , ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/09/18/exclusive-the-pentagon-is-preparing-new-war-plans-for-a-baltic-battle-against-russia/ ) war planners went through a simulated baltic conflict 16 times and we lost every time . 
  of course , that does n't mean we would actually lose , and you 're right that the rules do n't apply to a protracted conflict . 
  but there is some legitimate worry . 
  i wish it was n't so predictable that anytime an article about foreign policy or defense is posted on this sub , there are guaranteed to be two or three american users lecturing everyone on how weak and pathetic europe is and how awesome america is , and being thin-skinned and going nuclear on any disagreement . 
  i 'm fairly nationalistic myself , but what 's the point of constantly playing up to the most obnoxious stereotype ? 
  we might not make much difference . 
  russia has a very good land army , and unlike ours , it 's actually there . 
  some influential voices at the pentagon have been predicting that [ in an actual head-to-head battle , we would be ` annihilated . 
  ' ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/inside-the-pentagons-fight-over-russia-us-eastern-europe/ ) and nuclear deterrence might not work . 
  if we ever do end up in a conventional war with russia , it 's possible that both sides will simply refrain from using nuclear weapons the same way we 've refrained from using chemical and biological weapons in the past . 
  thanks . 
  and do n't worry about trump . 
  he 'll be contained . 
  we just increased our european defense budget , by a vote of 85-13 in the senate . 
  that 's nothing compared to what you 've said . 
  coming to / r/europe and telling users their countries are n't ` the least bit relevant ? ', 
  why are you even here if you believe that ? 
  you seem determined to be a stereotype . 
  europe might change , yes . 
  europe 's future is coalescing and you 're the lucky generation who get to shape it . 
  it 's quite exciting . 
  but for us , whatever happens in europe , it will never cease to be in our interest to have you as allies . 
  a certain number of us ( given turnout , maybe 25 % ) might vote for trump because they 're confused or misled , but his anti-nato position has no more chance of becoming reality than his idea of leaving the wto . 
  the authority to declare war actually rests with congress , not the president . 
   maybe you should listen more to your parents . 
   the uk does n't count . 
  why ca n't mom and dad ever stop fighting ? 
  he is , but it is a silly index . 
  it counts all armed forces , military spending , weapons exports and nuclear weapons against a country 's ` peace score . ', 
  basically everything we do to ensure peace makes us less peaceful . 
  which is . . maybe technically true , but it 's debatable whether the world would actually be safer if russia were the only country with nuclear weapons . 
  i was only being facetious . 
  it 's clear what they meant . 
  but the sentence can also be read as a brutally frank assessment . 
  i think the article 's pretty accurate , except that they assign too much importance to trump .
