  i realize this is reddit , but try to resist the hive mind . 
  [ even obama denies that . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/25/world/brexit-obama.html?_r=0 ), 
  the [ speaker of the house of representatives ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/paul-ryan-brexit-trade-224878 ) is now calling for immediate negotiations . 
  i do n't know how anyone ever thought it was a possibility that the us would n't want to continue free trade with the uk . 
  even trump says he wants that . 
  all obama ever said was that it would take time . 
  but * we 're * the * good guys !, 
  it 's time to stop blaming the british for the eu 's problems . 
  even in this article , the meps declared the ` urgent ' need of the eu to become ` more democratic ' to prevent more nations from breaking away . 
  look , you can have this argument after any election , how informed the electorate actually was . 
  and it 's natural for you to believe that the other side was less informed than your side . 
  that 's what everyone thinks after every election . 
  but , as the first comment i replied to said , they were warned this would happen , and they voted to leave regardless . 
  whether they were misled or not , they did n't succumb to fear , they did vote for a more uncertain but * independent * future , and i do find that impressive . 
  when did the user i replied to speak with ` most ' of them ? 
  could you tell me what this criticism is really about ? 
   honestly , most of the country did not see this coming , you just said , ` almost half the country voted against it for that reason . ', 
  so , unless you 're saying that * none * of the leave side understood , you 're contradicting yourself . 
  and if you are saying that , then i know it 's not true . 
  even americans are n't that clueless . 
  everyone knew , at least , that independence ( yes i 'm using that word , because that 's what it means ) would bring a great deal of uncertainty . 
  it 's not my country so i ca n't say which side was right , but i ca n't help admiring the fact that they chose the uncertainty . 
  i know . 
  i hate it . 
  i do n't think i 'm qualified to have an opinion for or against brexit . 
  but your country just did a very brave thing , and there are so many determined to make you hate yourselves for it . 
  because not everything is about money . 
  i think people generally understood by the end of the campaign that there would be some hardship involved in leaving , but they voted for it anyway . 
  which i think i 'd be kind of proud of , if i were british . 
  during the american revolution , americans loyal to britain were often victimized , homes were burned , many thousands were made refugees . 
  but that same rebellion also abolished slavery in the northern colonies , and advanced democracy and human rights . 
  every independence movement in history has had its xenophobes and bigots , whether they were right or wrong . 
  bigots always think everyone secretly agrees with them . 
  because , to them , the truth is so obvious that no one could actually disagree . 
  he said strong , not intelligent . 
   from my point of view , if the british hold a referendum and they decide that a brexit is perfectly fine , it 's not the eu 's fault by any chance . 
  it 's just the will of the people . 
  i ca n't see how the council can be held accountable for something they played no role in . 
  because the basic purpose of the eu , according to the charter of fundamental rights , is to create an ` ever closer union ' among the peoples of europe . 
  if it 's the will of the people to reject the eu , then the eu has failed that mission , in britain , or at least suffered a major setback . 
  i 'm not british , but yes , that 's basically true about the british . 
  and americans , canadians , australians , etc. 
  none of which would want to be part of an eu-style union either . 
  it 's cultural . 
  but what i mean is that the eu very much wanted to keep the uk , and losing the uk is a clear case of it failing in its mission . 
  the council has to be accountable for that failure , instead of just pointing the finger at the british people and saying ` they did it . ', 
  i edited it back in because you addressed it . 
  i do n't mean this particular week . 
  there will be a backlash , but euroscepticism has been rising for years . 
  i do n't get why cameron needs to ` explain ' anything to them . 
  it 's the eu that failed its task here . 
  it 's the eu that 's losing an integral member . 
  euroscepticism is rising in most countries . 
  everyone is acting like this is a british problem , instead of the eu having failed its primary objective . 
   the parliament has the power to ask the commission to introduce legislation they want , and so far these requests have never been denied . 
  but it 's left to the commission to actually draft and shape the legislation . 
  parliament ultimately just gets to vote yes or no . 
   and the parliament has the real power , because it elects the president of the ec as above , it only approves or disapproves . 
  the president is appointed by the council . 
  and even if parliament was solely responsible , even that would be a step removed from the people electing their president themselves . 
   the eu did try to strike all possible deals and opt-outs for the uk but it still does n't have a democratically elected legislature . 
  parliament ca n't introduce legislation . 
  only the executive branch can . 
  there are limits to the kind of union that can be held together with that kind of government . 
  well , i learned something today . 
  then he passed up an opportunity to say he 's been a regular visitor to london and watched it change over the years , which would have been a much stronger statement than saying he spent * almost two weeks there !, 
   i spent almost two weeks in london in 1979 ... that , right there , is where a more typical person would probably have stopped writing . 
  and considering that the eu is ( was ) almost an entire continent , and canada is one country of 35 million people , that still was n't saying much . 
  donald trump will never be president . 
  but both the american left and the american right are thoroughly sick of nato , and with britain no longer part of the eu , i can actually see it being discarded for the first time ever . 
  and with that , plus the end of ttip , the american/european relationship is basically over . 
   the us will need another special partner in the eu the us trades more with canada than with the entire eu combined . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pyd40/britain_exit_may_not_be_such_a_disaster_for_the_eu/d4p7o6o ) leave it to francis to get the message . 
  ` guns per population ' is n't the best way to measure gun ownership . 
  ` percent of households owning guns ' would give a much better picture . 
  because guns are a hobby , and some individuals own a lot of them . 
  i 'm surprised at how little introspection this is causing among eu supporters . 
  no one seems to be seeing this as the actual failure of the eu to maintain its own integrity . 
  it 's all just being pinned on britain . 
  the good that may come out of this , for the eu , is that its leaders may finally recognize the need for major reform . 
  the same thing happened when the american colonies left the british empire . 
  the empire afterward reformed into a more democratic system , allowing its remaining colonies greater freedom and autonomy , which kept them loyal and allowed the empire to continue to grow . 
  the eu commission may learn a similar lesson . 
  or it might continue to unravel . 
  there 's another version of this by simon smith , which includes comparisons of the same locations in modern london . 
  i posted it a while back : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kml92ppjx0, 
   not necessarily democratic of course it 's not undemocratic . 
  the parties we have are the ones whose candidates win our elections . 
  others run ; they simply lose by large margins , and deservedly , because they 're usually crackpots . 
  jill stein 's running mate declared that he 'd dedicated his life `` to fighting this corrupt , white-supremacist monstrosity called the united states . '', 
  derp , he lost . 
  anyone without extreme views just runs as either a republican or a democrat . 
   a country that conducts a coup every time a leader is elected they do n't like that 's no way to talk about brazil . 
   yeah , but you 're not providing any kind of studies , which could prove that statement . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  you already know that linz has critics . 
  what 's the point of quoting people who agree with us ? 
  i do n't accept the hypothesis , and i 'm telling you why . 
  there 's a big difference between the transient authoritarians who have popped up now and then in our hemisphere , and the frightening totalitarian states that have appeared in china , russia and europe .
