  die welt also happens to be a paper that was founded by the allied occupying forces after ww2 , in an attempt to provide something better than the leading german publications . 
  i do n't think it has much to do with media organizations . 
  i think it 's just our general fetish for freedom of information , which has been always been a liability . 
  stupid americans think they 're being patriotic by leaking government secrets . 
  it 's how the soviet union got its first atomic bombs . 
  i 'm sure even those old nazis could teach you something . 
  they could certainly teach their younger selves something . 
  and it is the lack of experience that makes youth seem idealistic . 
  everything is simple when you 're young , because to be young is to be simple . 
  yeah you would . 
   being older does n't magically make you wiser or more informed . 
  it makes you wiser and more informed than your younger self . 
  i feel like `` naive '' is a better description than `` idealistic . '', 
  young people can appear idealistic , but they 're really just unaware of the complexities around them . 
  to lack experience is the definition of youth . 
  do you actually know the races of the victims ? 
   academic research shows that organised political violence such as coups or civil war hinders economic growth . 
  no shit ? 
  anyway `` xth safest '' does n't tell you much . 
  we 're apparently # 1 in one category and # 52 in another . 
  how do you know that ? 
  because he 's guilty and an extremely self-centered narcissist . 
   at least i should try once to avoid being an asshole try harder ? 
  guess what , guy : norway has a president and the us has a president . 
  who has the most presidents per capita ? 
  omg norway has 60x the us 's presidents per capita . 
  the only thing reflected on lists like this is the need of some nations to feel superior to others . 
  it 's relevant because real economic mobility in sweden is no higher than in the uk : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yvl05/til_according_to_a_book_published_in_2014_the_son/, 
  i understand it , do you ? 
  because if you understand what `` per capita '' means , it should be obvious why countries with the least `` capita '' are always at the top of the list . 
  and bahamas had the most olympic medals per capita last year , with one medal . 
  notice what all the top countries with the exception of the us+c anada have in common : very small populations . 
   and i do n't think we learn more about history than you do , or that i know more about american history than most americans what else can the question , `` what do they teach you in american history class , '' mean ? 
  you 're obviously implying that our standard of education on this subject is inferior to yours - that you know more about our history than most of us do . 
   how can you possibly call the united states a stable democracy for over 200 years when for a very long time it had policies to specifically disenfranchise black americans on colour of their skin alone ( which some argue continue to this day , but different means ) ? 
  because democracy and universal enfranchisement are n't the same . 
  democracy in ancient athens meant randomly drawing lots . 
  you 're narrowing the definition in order to argue that that colonial democracy did n't exist , which most historians , i think , would say is nonsense . 
   and how one can call the united states a democracy based on the principle of majority rule , when the majority had no say in the matter ? 
  because the principle of majority rule 400 years ago did n't include women . 
  and i did n't say the united states was . 
  i said we 'd had democracy for 400 years , which is before the united states existed . 
  and not all colonies were equally democratic . 
  but yeah , in a general sense , `` we '' have been democratic that long . 
  history is n't a category measured by pisa ; science is . 
  what makes you think you learn more about history than we do ? 
  and our history even ? 
  do you have any conception of how unbelievably arrogant that is ? 
   what ? 
  universal suffrage ( i.e. 
  majority rule ) only came to the us is 1965 with the voting rights act ... 
  in 1620 , the massachusetts colonists [ believed that democracy was mandated by god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plymouth_colony#organization ) and that anything else was literally satan . 
   you do know that at the start of the united states like 3 % of the population had voting rights ? 
  yeah , that 's bullshit ...  what do they teach you in american history class ? 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  [ our science test scores are higher than any scandinavian country 's . 
  ] ( https://data.oecd.org/pisa/science-performance-pisa.htm ) you ca n't really think you learn more about this than we do . 
   so based on a comparison to one particular system in one particular time frame , which is btw different from the one i was refering to , you conclude your system is actually better 1 . 
  i compared it to france because france was the most influential republic of the period . 
  i did n't say our system was better ; i said it had produced 230 years of stability , in contrast to what you were saying . 
   230 years of stability you say ? 
  i do n't think pre-civil war us was the pinacle of stability to be honest ? 
  compared to france and its multiple empires/kingdoms/republics over the same period , yes . 
  we 've had one civil war in our whole history and even during that , we still held elections as usual , and the government won . 
  we 're an extremely orderly country , even if it does n't look that way . 
   and 230 years of democracy ? 
  i think some black people would like to have a word with you . . ? 
  if democracy means majoritarian , then we 've been democratic for about 400 years or so . 
   the simple fact is that the us has never tried to replicate its system in any country where it has ` brought democracy ' . 
  not true . 
  virtually every country in our hemisphere has the same government system we have , and they 've also been pretty much at peace for the last 200 years . 
   that is why the voting behaviour looks like this and this . 
  trump 's healthcare plan failed last month because too many members of his party voted against it . 
  parties in our system are quite loose . 
  and their makeup is n't fixed . 
  their constituent factions [ realign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_party_system ) every few decades , which is why they 're what you 'd call coalitions ( we also use that term sometimes ) . 
   and is n't the whole lesson we can learn from the us ( and uk ) ; that having a multitude of factions who are forced to work together and compromise on issues is a preferable to having fewer ( two ) factions who are in direct competition and need to dominate eachother to gain power ? 
  does n't the consensus model of nothern europe produce far better results than the two party states of the anglophone world ? 
  is n't that the greatest lesson one can learn from the us ; how to not organise your political system ? 
  no , it 's a mistake to equate our parties with yours . 
  ours are what your system would call coalitions . 
  each contains numerous factions equivalent to your parties . 
  and , i mean , our system has resulted in 230 years of democracy , stability and prosperity with simultaneously the western world 's largest and most ethnically diverse population . 
  does this sub really think it 's a lesson in `` how to not organize your political system ? '', 
  so basically , it 's a case of fraud ? 
   have you ever considered that isis exists primarily because of american interventionism in the middle east that 's what every anti-american idiot has said for the last few years , so yeah , i 've considered it . 
  but it 's not true . 
  the republic of iraq is a sovereign nation , and a democracy . 
  its government is responsible for its security . 
  after the 2003 liberation of iraq , neighboring muslim countries ( iran , syria and saudi arabia ) spent years trying to destabilize the republic using shia and sunni militia . 
  * out of concern for stability , * the us fought those militias for eight years . 
  france and germany did nothing - not only did nothing , but actually demonized our efforts . 
  the us finally withdrew in 2011 when the country was thought secure . 
  the syrian civil war began because bashar al-assad , the president of syria , cut off a man 's testicles for drawing an unflattering picture of him , then started killing protesters . 
  eventually the civil unrest spilled over into iraq and merged with the religious militias syria and other countries had been sending there for years , which created isis , an extremist sunni group . 
  the us is n't responsible for sunni extremism or the syrian civil war . 
  the only thing we 've done in the middle east is try to liberate it from dictatorship , which is what you would have demanded if it was your country , but since it 's a short distance away you could n't care less , and that 's why you have these problems . 
  edit : and please , no reply about how we created saddam . 
  that 's not true either . 
  france/russia had more to do with him than we ever did .
