  korea has the highest iq in the world and [ is in the top 3 for all three categories in the oecd student assessment tests , ] ( https://data.oecd.org/pisa/reading-performance-pisa.htm#indicator-chart ) but it 's not even in the top 10 here ? 
  there 's something suspicious about this data . 
   do n't you need a common foreign policy first ? 
  a common defense budget leads to a common foreign policy . 
  it actually does n't contrast that sharply . 
  korea was a chaotic mess back then , and the 2003 intervention did n't come out of nowhere . 
  the us and uk had been intervening on behalf of the kurds throughout the 1990s , in [ operation provide comfort , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_provide_comfort ) [ operation northern watch , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_northern_watch ) etc. , on humanitarian grounds . 
  kurdish leaders like barzani , and iraqi dissidents , had spent decades lobbying for liberation . 
  you ca n't ask the un to authorize a war for the purpose of removing a dictator and supporting democracy , because the un security council has members who hate democracy . 
  so bush used the terrorism * casus belli , * which he may or may not have believed , i do n't know . 
  but there 's every reason to think that he and blair wanted freedom and self-determination for iraq as much as they said they did . 
  it does n't cost us anything considering the benefits it reaps in trade , friendship , etc. , in addition to everything i just mentioned . 
  i 'm korean american , by the way . 
  by helping others , we help ourselves . 
  but if it 's a waste to you , fine . 
  you have your ideals , whatever they are . 
  look at the difference between north and south korea , or between taiwan and mainland china . 
  * that 's * why . 
  the results vindicate our actions , our beliefs , our way of life , our founding fathers - our organizing principles . 
  when we start believing that nations are fine living under tyranny , that 's when we will no longer have principles . 
  in my opinion , we 're already starting to experience the effects of that decay . 
  basically , yes . 
  if we do n't believe in democracy , then everything about america breaks down . 
  and what 's wrong with world policing ? 
  we 've been doing it since the monroe doctrine . 
  do you look back on our intervention in korea or taiwan as a pointless waste , or our nation-building in japan ? 
  no , you 're justifiably proud of those accomplishments , and the result is not only beneficial to them , but to us as well . 
  it 's only when we fail that interventionism becomes discredited . 
  i think it does more harm than good , yes . 
  look at the philippines ' reaction to obama 's criticism of their domestic policies , or turkey 's , china 's , russia 's or saudi arabia 's . 
  exporting cultural values is something better achieved with a low-key approach . 
  countries that do n't actually share our values do n't react well to our leaders lecturing their leaders . 
   iraq is n't even close to being worth american lives/treasure . 
  this strikes me as borderline racism . 
  and :  the man does n't hold back because he 's fundamentally opposed to it . 
  if you know that , then do n't say that the primary factor is the public 's unwillingness . 
  and the idea of promoting the spread of liberty across the world ( which includes iraq ) is central to america 's traditional conception of itself . 
  obama has helped to kill that part of our national spirit , our sense of purpose , and i worry about what that 's going to do to us in the long run . 
  clinton is totally right when she says that great nations need organizing principles . 
   of course he 's partly responsible , but the primary factor is most americans hesitance to invade anywhere post-iraqi freedom . 
  and again , who 's responsible for that ? 
  maybe if he 'd actually supported iraq and our mission there , instead of doing his best to sabotage it and convince americans that the whole idea was wrong , we would n't be so anti-interventionist today . 
  if that 's true , it 's largely his fault . 
  he was the one who voted in 2006 to cut off emergency funding for iraq and spent years campaigning against interventionism . 
  he 's our jeremy corbyn . 
  it 's not that he ca n't ; he 's dead set against it . 
  read the link in my comment . 
  he apparently got angry enough at clinton to yell and break things over this . 
  his whole administration has been weird that way . 
  he 's against intervention , sort of , only intervening enough to fail at whatever it is , and at the same time , more imperialist than bush about constantly telling everyone what to do . 
  his cabinet [ ( including clinton ) ] ( http://freebeacon.com/national-security/obama-furious-clinton-criticizing-foreign-policy/ ) have often been exasperated by him . 
  i think that both the argument and the counter-argument are overly simplistic . 
  you get diminishing returns from working longer , but that does n't mean you are n't accomplishing any more than you otherwise would . 
  and i would n't believe anything from the washington post . 
  it 's just an outlet for agenda-driven activists to write `` news '' articles endorsing their own opinions . 
  for example , the author of that article is brigid schulte , `` the author of the bestselling book * overwhelmed : work , love and play when no one has time . 
  but the point was that not being evil is n't good enough - the danger comes from people who are basically good . 
  i should have said that in addition to the right wing being radicalized by racist conspiracy theories , the left wing was dominated by communists , who were basically pawns of stalin . 
  if given the choice between , one one hand , misguided leftists whose policies would result in national suicide , and on the other , racist/illiberal but patriotic conservatives , which of us can say who we would rather vote for ? 
  this is a question that still haunts us today . 
  therefore , instead of dwelling on fascism or communism , maybe we should focus more on the political polarization and factionalism that causes us to be forced into such a dilemma in the first place . 
   something like hitler 's birthplace reminds people that he was simply a human , that he was born in wonted circumstances - and that evil can persist in the most pedestrian of people . 
  in fact , it exists in everyone . 
  in all my reading about hitler , i 've never really had the impression that he was a fundamentally immoral person . 
  he was an animal rights advocate and a vegetarian , apparently out of principles - at state dinners , he used to make meat eaters lose their appetite by describing the methods employed by factory farms . 
  like many others , he became radicalized in the depression after the war by conspiracy-heavy far-right media , which offered an alternate worldview in which jews were to blame for everything wrong with society . 
  i think the most important lessons to be learned are about dialogue within a civil body politic , more than about specific people or ideas . 
   chinese communists  probably have it optimized to a fine art [ no . 
  ] ( http://mashariazgitonga.blogspot.com/2013/05/chinese-authorities-try-to-hide.html ), 
  but ours is the * true * faith , obviously !, 
  are we talking about the same european union ( or france and germany , at least ) who helped putin block un authorization of the liberation of iraq , who refused to support us and the philippines against china and who is sidelining us on trade ? 
  i do n't think we 're that influential . 
  if anything , we 're used as an antithesis in european politics . 
  the belief that we control the eu seems like another example of the usual anti-americanism that russia has been feeding to europe for generations . 
   putin also accused the united states of ramping up international tensions to distract voters from domestic problems in the run-up to next month 's presidential elections . 
   he said that `` creating an enemy '' was a common tactic to placate the electorate . 
  i think he may have meant it as a compliment . 
  but do you actually want any of that ? 
  do you want to be one nation , with a shared government and powerful centralized institutions , including a massive navy designed for overseas power projection and a central intelligence system ? 
  economically speaking , the eu has a larger market and a larger combined gdp , a larger share of the earth 's wealth , and the gap is destined to widen over time . 
  it 's also a more tightly regulated economy in some ways and has more variety in the cost of labor , etc. 
  [ the european union has free trade agreements with dozens of countries , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) including the actual poorest in the world . 
  what worries europeans is n't free trade ; it 's free trade with an equal . 
  you ca n't set the rules with us the way you can with burundi and niger , and that frightens you . 
  but it does n't stop there : you also have free trade with mexico , and will soon sign an agreement with canada , leaving the united states as the only member of nafta excluded from the club . 
  it 's obvious what 's going on here , and it 's actually pretty offensive in light of the fact that america has been europe 's strongest supporter from the very beginning of the european project . 
  why ? 
  because i think it promoted freedom ? 
  it did . 
  us policy for a long time was to promote republican institutions in the new world . 
  that 's what happened . 
  mentioning cold war political intrigues 150 years later does n't change that . 
  and simply saying that our isolationism toward europe and asia at the time was a mistake does n't make me delusional or messianic . 
  it was a mistake . 
  that 's been the consensus opinion since the end of the world wars , which is why the neutrality acts were repealed and the us actually joined the united nations and started forming alliances and is not an isolationist country anymore . 
  that was 150 years after the monroe doctrine . 
  salvador allende confiscated 1/3 of all private property in chile . 
  the supreme court of chile [ unanimously declared him a criminal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1973_chilean_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) the elected legislature of chile accused him of trying `` to conquer absolute power with the obvious purpose of subjecting all citizens to the strictest political and economic control by the state , '' and ordered the military to restore order . 
  after allende killed himself to avoid arrest , the military appointed a provisional government led by general augusto pinochet .
