  yes , in germany , despite the fact that we 've been defending germany for more than 1/3 of our entire national history . 
  i do n't even know who the pms and presidents of half of our allies are , and i do n't care . 
  i 'm sorry , but allowing your opinion on the trustworthiness of your longest ally to be determined by one man is utterly ridiculous . 
   remember the spying scandal from 2013 governement towards germany , and that was under obama . 
  of course i remember . 
  i remember the german government pretending to be outraged and then months later , after some leaks , it being revealed that they were actually a bunch of lying snakes who had collaborated with us all along . 
   oppressive superpower masked as democracy exporters i 'm trying not to be ugly , so i 'll just say that you have no idea how insulting you 're being . 
  look at the difference between italy and germany in these statistics : http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/06/bop-report-32.png i could also say between france and germany , or between poland and germany , or between south korea and germany , or between japan and germany , vietnam and germany , philippines and germany , chile and germany , india and germany etc. 
  is everyone else just blind or stupid , or is this not really about us , but about germany ? 
  you 're misinterpreting my statement , probably because you came here from / r/shitamericanssay . 
  it 's not about dick measuring . 
  i 'm expressing exasperation at the fact that the vast majority of germans consider my nation unworthy of their trust . 
  can you understand that ? 
  honestly , name one nation that 's been better to germany over the last century or two . 
  yet they have absolutely no faith in us . 
  you 're the ones judging us . 
  we 're not judging you . 
  i only mentioned all that we 've done to make the point that there 's really no hope for a good relationship , because what could we possibly do that we have n't done already ? 
  when did i say it was n't ? 
  did i say we invented any of that shit ? 
  the european enlightenment had a huge effect on the american enlightenment . 
  the mayflower colonists were only democratic and egalitarian because they were calvinists . 
  for fuck 's sake , there 's no need to be offended by the fact that your ancestors learned something from someone . 
   i 'm sure middle east and vietnam share your ideas . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-pacific-34140283 http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/06/bop-report-32.png http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/06/pg_15.06.18_asiapivotmap_web.png we have a much better relationship with vietnam than with germany . 
   taught us how to live ? 
  what the fuck does that even mean it means germans were feudal serfs when the us constitution was generations old . 
  if you ca n't deal with the fact that your nation learned something from someone else , that 's really too bad , because it happens all the time . 
  [ my comment history ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askanamerican/comments/65agao/what_do_the_americans_on_here_think_of_this/dg8rtef/ ) should tell you that i do n't have the blinkered view of history you 're trying to assign to me . 
  cool stereotype though . 
   that 's what i say when i see your bipartisan politics , where only the well-endowed can get to the top  the failure to provide for millions of americans in poverty  the racial and political tensions which so often result in violence and hatred yes , yes , please , tell me more about your political and moral superiority , o great deutsche ubermensch . 
  i 'm not even going to finish reading this . 
  400 years of democratic government , 200 + years under the same constitution , never a real totalitarian movement in our entire history , no aggression against germany in our entire history , a long-time pillar of nato and supporter of the european project , yet still we ca n't be trusted . 
  and that opinion changed overnight between obama and trump . 
  how can your opinion of an allied nation change overnight because of one election or some tweets ? 
  i 'm sorry , but germans ' opinions are ridiculous , and that 's why i do n't care what they think anymore . 
  john locke and adam smith were british . 
  americans were also british at that time . 
  but i did n't claim we invented any of those things . 
  i said we taught them to germany , or were one of the nations that did . 
  germany was still full of feudal serfdoms when congress was holding the same sessions it holds today . 
  and france went back and forth between republicanism and monarchism . 
  and tolerance ? 
  peace ? 
  really ? 
   they 're impossible not to hate jesus , this is upvoted ? 
  and no , vietnamese do n't despise the us government , or even its [ military presence . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/23/global-publics-back-u-s-on-fighting-isis-but-are-critical-of-post-911-torture/pg_15-06-18_asiapivotmap_web/ ), 
  try googling it on your smartphone . 
  or maybe r/askreddit . 
  i was being hyperbolic but the point i was making was that it does n't matter what we do , because it 'll never be enough . 
  name three nations who have had a more positive influence on germany over the last 200 years . 
  and still , we ca n't be trusted . 
  i 'm willing to believe your friends mostly share your opinions , as strange and inexplicable as that is , but i 'm not willing to believe you have 40 or 50 million of them . 
  yeah , no they do n't . 
  ( edit : and my initial comment rested at +1 with no replies for 14 hours before it was posted to r/shitamericanssay . 
  you 're not fooling anyone m8s . ), 
  bush was pretty moderate . 
  i 'm not talking about things he did , but where you 'd locate him relatively on our political spectrum . 
  there was n't much daylight between him and a centrist democrat like hillary clinton ( he voted for her last year ) . 
  not really sure what trump is . 
  orange . 
   you need a complete overhaul of your election system . 
  tbh  first past the post forces people to vote against people they hate rather than for people they want , giving you a perennial choice of douche vs. turd . 
  put another way , first-past-the-post forces you to modify your voting behavior with consideration for what the community as a whole would vote for . 
  in other words , we almost ca n't vote for extremists , which might explain why we 've never had fascism , communism , dictatorship or any other such insanity in all our history . 
  money-in-politics is another thing that tends to have that effect , since money often likes the status quo . 
  u/electricdragon17 u/adlerchen, 
  you obviously needed someone to tell you . 
  the united states frequently gets a worse approval rating in germany than it does in lebanon or russia . 
  you 're under a mistaken impression if you think it 's because of our actions . 
  it 's because it 's germany . 
  maybe it 'd be useful to remember that they 're the ones saying we 're unworthy . 
  what i said was only the truth . 
  they had an emperor until 1918 , when the allies forced a democratic constitution on them . 
  they threw it away and went back to imperialism , and the allies forced democracy on them again , and this time we stayed in the country so they would n't revert to autocracy again , and we still have n't left . 
  it 's fair to credit the existence of democracy , peace and tolerance in germany to the allies , and i 'm only saying this for your benefit . 
  do n't hope for respect from them 1377 days from now , because you 'll only be disappointed . 
  no , we do n't deserve it . 
  we taught them democracy , taught them capitalism , taught them peace and tolerance , basically taught them how to live , but it will never be enough to earn their respect . 
  vietnamese have an 80 % positive opinion of america but to germans , we 're the devil . 
  i 've long stopped caring what germans think about anything . 
  eh , they ( dc superheroes ) look ridiculous because they were created in the 1940s . 
  marvel heroes are from the '60s and '70s , so are at least a bit less ridiculous generally . 
  they do have generally high standards , but secondary starts at 15 in czechia and is technically optional , unlike norway where i guess it 's partly not ( source : u/wurzn ) . 
  i 'll just read the source document if no one who knows both systems comes along . 
  it 's just that norway has such a high rate of tertiary attainment that the number of secondary graduates seemed too low . 
  i thought it might be a difference of definition . 
  i know a bit about the czech system , so i wanted to use it for comparison . 
  we label the imported stuff `` honey from bees ass '', 
  you realize norwegians compare themselves to us all the time , and we 're not even on the same continent , right ? 
  yeah , i know what i 'm asking about . 
  i 'm curious what explains the difference . 
   the nordic countries rank at or near the top of most per - capita , median rankings : median income , corruption , poverty , happiness healthcare , science [ not really . 
  ] ( https://data.oecd.org/pisa/science-performance-pisa.htm ) i mean , they 're not bad , but do n't believe everything you read . 
  if you examine it more critically , you 'll find that it 's not corruption that they have the least of , but perception of corruption , which is probably not an accurate perception because in respect for the law and the common good , your own country ( among others ) scores better : http://www.bfna.org/media_advisory/u-s-social-cohesion-high-unaffected-by-immigration, 
  real answer : through globalism , everyone is becoming more like everyone else , but as a single country our cultural influence is felt more than anyone else 's , everywhere : everyone in europe experiences american film , american music , american politics , american ideas , american culture . 
  and that threatens everyone because they see their own culture changing , and not necessarily in good ways ; and even if in good ways it 's still perceived as wrong because people instinctively prefer what is traditional . 
   i sound so horribly racist right now you see ? 
  but reaching those conclusions requires us to think beyond first impressions .
