  a small point , but i think it 's worth remembering that the man who said this was born in a palace . 
  ok , if you really want to do this :  we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . 
   that to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , * deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed * [ 1 ] , that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , * it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . 
  ` deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed ' means that a state can only exist with the consent of its people . 
  if the people do n't consent to live under a government , it 's an unjust government , and they have the right to abolish it . 
  ` in such form as , to them , shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness ' means it 's their right to decide the * form * their government takes , in addition to deciding whether to be governed or not . 
  which implies that it 's up to the people to decide when a government has become ` injurious to these ends , ' reinforcing the point that they can basically abolish the government whenever they feel it ` prudent ' to do so . 
  yes , like most of our founding documents , it 's full of weasel words and vague clauses . 
  but bear in mind that the ` utter despotism ' in this case had to do with tea taxes . 
   well ... how is that different from the status quo in any truly democratic country , today ? 
  eh , not very , i suppose . 
  but it seems to be more of a sticking point for some . 
  a few comments down , you have someone arguing that the people should n't be able to vote on something like this at all . 
   by the way , the `` undemocratic eu '' actually has a clause for secession , article 50 . 
  what does the democratic us have for secession ? 
  nothing . 
  democratic secession has never been tried ( despite what some people believe ) , so we 'd have to come up with something for the occasion . 
   no , they ca n't . 
  yes they can . 
  the declaration of independence says so . 
  =p this is an old idea . 
  states do n't create individuals . 
  it 's individuals who create states , based on their own needs and desires at the time . 
  therefore , it 's axiomatic which of the two has the right to create or destroy the other . 
  we have parliaments to manage the affairs of the state . 
  but the state exists by the consent of the people . 
  the people create it , and the people can dissolve it . 
  that 's their right . 
  and a state that elects to be part of another state , without the people 's consent , is violating their rights . 
  at least in the typical british/american view . 
   oh , please , enlighten me how you do things differently from all the other 27 members . 
  i 'm listening , i really , really want to hear about the british things which are so uniquely british . 
  you need to appreciate that they actually are different like that . 
  no anglophone country in the world would tolerate secession without a referendum . 
  it would be an outrage . 
  in the british tradition , the government exists to manage the day-to-day affairs of the nation , but the decision to actually be a nation or not can be made only by the people . 
  he promised a referendum to appease those who were demanding it . 
  he did n't think it would pass and did everything to make sure it would n't . 
  i 've always liked the tradition of british pms resigning as a consequence of failure , but i suppose it has its drawbacks . 
  that 's what 's funny about it . 
  the funny thing is , if everything does turn out all right in the end , in a few decades , farage is going to be remembered as the churchill of his generation . 
  my statement probably communicated the wrong message . 
  by ` balancing , ' i was n't trying to say they were actually balanced or that the early us was a role model for anyone . 
  i was saying these issues have been debated in america for a very long time - longer than in many other countries , in fact . 
  massachusetts outlawed slavery and freed all slaves in the 1700s , as did most of the north . 
  slavery never existed where i 'm from . 
  of course i know that not every state was that fortunate , but broad judgments like you 're making do n't apply universally either . 
  the democracy that we have , has existed a long time . 
  could they maybe have more of a love/hate relationship with the eu , viewing it as indispensable while opposing it on actual policy , like obama ? 
  new writer maybe ? 
  actually , if it was the only paper not predicting the end of the euro , is n't it kind of pro-euro , if anything ? 
   the campaign to leave the european union repeatedly urged britain to `` take back control '' . 
  it is now a week since voters narrowly opted for brexit , and the country has seldom looked so wildly off the rails . 
  the prime minister has handed in his notice . 
  the leader of the opposition is struggling to survive a coup . 
  the pound hit a 31-year low against the dollar and banks lost a third of their value , before stabilising . 
  meanwhile there is talk in scotland and northern ireland of secession . 
  guys , it 's been a week . 
  a week . 
  what exactly was supposed to happen ? 
  and yeah the pm 's resigned , because he did n't want the uk to leave . 
  is that a problem ? 
  should he have stayed on , even though he 's against the whole thing ? 
  and yeah , there 's talk in scotland and ireland of secession . 
  which is a totally new thing . 
  there 's just a tiny note of insincerity i 'm detecting here . 
  it 's not really an argument . 
  just an observation . 
  we 're about to celebrate 400 years of continuous democracy since the mayflower compact . 
  i know it does n't always look like it , but we 're not exactly strangers to political reasoning . 
  exactly . 
  they voted to change the future of their country . 
  i 'm not british , so i 'm not qualified to have an opinion on whether they made the right choice or not . 
  but if the future you want is one in which britain is independent of the eu , then a vote for independence works in your favor . 
  so has the uk . 
  i guess it might be self-destructive in some ways . 
  i mean , the anglo countries could probably be in a transnational union of our own , but none of our populations would accept it . 
  but some issues are best decided by referendum , and independence is one such issue . 
  the referendum was about britain 's future . 
  in the long run , for those who want it to be independent of the eu , it definitely works in their favor to be independent of the eu . 
   there 's a difference . 
  52 % are n't stupid , but a chunk of that 52 % is quite racist , which we know from the dramatic and sharp rise in incidents across the uk . 
  every declaration of independence results in some incidents like that . 
  you should know that . 
  xenophobes naturally associate with independence movements , but that 's inevitable and says nothing about the movements themselves . 
  my impression is that it 's less about immigration than about the larger issue of the future of britain , and how the british have never really wanted to be a european nation . 
  britain has always been a country facing away from europe , and toward the rest of the world . 
  its ambitions have always rested on other continents , which is why my and many other countries exist today . 
  ` if britain must choose between europe and the open sea , it must always choose the open sea . ', 
  that 's the reality . 
  you ca n't have ftas with individual eu member states . 
  therefore , we could n't have an fta with britain . 
  at least the other countries in nafta are their own colonies ( 2/3 of them anyway ) . 
  and one is canada , their favorite colony . 
  well , it 's been as free as the eu allowed . 
  as the article mentions , attempts were made on both sides to get britain to join nafta ( a free trade agreement ) 20 years ago , but the eu was in the way . 
  now it is n't . 
  but we also have fewer disagreements with them . 
  there 's also talk of inviting the uk into nafta , which we 've wanted to do since nafta was first created , or trying for a trilateral uk/us/canada agreement . 
  * ( edit : could we please stop downvoting everything outside our preferences ?
