  as for racism , the truth is that you do n't know much about racial inequality in europe , because your countries do n't publish racial statistics . 
  but given history , i do n't think you 're justified in making assumptions of superiority . 
   i have seen an article a while ago , explaining that basically everyone in the world can read english news , watch english tv shows , read english forums and so on and because of that basically everyone could interfere in the opinion forming of english speaking countrys as if they were nativ english speakers . 
  yeah , our whole plan for world domination seems to have backfired . 
  trust not the canadian . 
   the study identifies an extremely strong focus on the common good -- measured by the three dimensions of solidarity , respect for social rules and civic participation -- to be the us 's greatest strength . 
  in all three of the above dimensions , the us has consistently been the leader among the 34 countries analyzed , registering the highest possible marks in the four time periods between 1989 and 2012 when assessments have occurred . 
   http://www.bfna.org/media_advisory/u-s-social-cohesion-high-unaffected-by-immigration, 
  what was written in 1788 ( and before then ) has lasted this long , because it works . 
  we 've never had a dictatorship . 
  why not ? 
  because americans are better people ? 
  or is it because our government structure ( including electoral structure ) has prevented that ? 
  i find it strange that you 'd go with the first answer instead of the second one . 
  the constitution-worship is because the earliest colonies were governed according to written charters , starting in the early 1600s . 
  adherence to a written constitution came to be seen as the definition of civilization , because it was , in that environment . 
  it developed into a political culture . 
  it 's true that we 're too reluctant to change our constitution , but that 's also been partly responsible for our stability over the centuries , and to be honest , i 'm more worried about will happen as we inevitably become more flexible . 
   just think about it , the american constitution and the first french ones happened 2 years apart . 
  [ ... ] since then , france had 2 empire , 2 kingdoms and 5 republics , is that a good thing ?? 
   but the usa is very strange for most europeans , all the flag everywhere [ ... ] and the almost fanatical religious holiness of your constitution . 
  if europe was as fanatical about constitutional rule , maybe it would n't have had so much political chaos . 
  i mean , there 's a reason we 're like that , you know . 
  this seems like what mr. koh was saying in that article : it 's `` strange to europeans , '' therefore it 's wrong . 
  but is it actually wrong , or just different ? 
  [ singapore 's ambassador disagrees with you . 
  ] ( http://rendezvous.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/08/08/does-europes-arrogance-blind-it-to-asia/ )  none of these bs exist in europe anymore really . 
  mostly because we made most of these mistakes already . 
  yes , you 're so enlightened now . 
  so evolved . 
  and so modest . 
  basically superior in every way . 
  you were saying something about arrogance ? 
   the european civilization is over 2000 years older than yours . 
  what ? 
  it 's the same civilization . 
  you realize we have as many ancestors as you , right ? 
  yeah , but if you read it you 'll notice that american pride is mostly about things americans are actually good at ( freedom !, 
  militarism !, 
  space travel ! ) . 
  it 's not just a general assumption of inherent superiority . 
   the usa keeps claiming to be the best at everything in the world that 's so ignorant . 
  i 've never heard an american say that americans are the smartest people in the world , the most civilized or the most enlightened . 
  that 's really not a thing we do . 
   eu : male : 77.4 years  us : male : 77.5 years so the us ' is higher , which is what i said . 
  what are you arguing about , and why do i get downvoted for saying this ? 
  what the op says is n't true , for males anyway . 
   why would putting both together would be misleading ? 
  because if you say `` a baby born in * x * country can expect to live * y * years longer , '' you 're inviting the reader to assume that it 's a statement that applies to both male and female babies , and there are many readers who will make that assumption . 
  the op makes no mention of sex anywhere , so it 's misleading , whether deliberately or not . 
   the cia data that i mentioned puts the male life expectancy to 77.5 , so it is the same source . 
  i do n't follow you . 
  it estimates the us at 77.5 for males and the eu at 77.4 , which makes the us ' higher , which is what i said . 
  there are tables from different sources on the page i linked , but the cia 's is the only one that lists the european union as a country , which is why i referred to it . 
  and the discrepancy ca n't be attributed to the age of the data - the op article puts our overall life expectancy at 78.7 years , while the cia 's ( from 2012 ) is 80.9 years - unless you 're saying that our life expectancy has dropped 2.2 years since 2012 . 
  none of the tables put our life expectancy as low as the op , but it 's the way it combines male and female statistics that makes me suspect it of being purposefully misleading . 
  assuming you mean the wiki article , the eu is listed as * european union . 
   a baby born today in the eu can be expected to live to 80 , and a baby born in the us can expect to live to 78 and 9 months . 
  saying `` a baby '' leads you to believe that it 's true of both male and female babies , which it is n't . 
  the us has a longer male life expectancy than the eu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy, 
  it 's the smaller , weaker , less effective cousin of the tornado , the eurotornado . 
  actually , i really want to know if you agree with the above statement . 
  and :    so when the news reports that `` the us plans to move aircraft carriers into the korean peninsula '' then that 's the nation ( all of us ... you and me ) that decided to do that ... not the government ? 
  cause i sure as hell did n't agree to that . 
    the government ultimately answers to the people , yes . 
   dang ... i do believe / u/lyrical _ forlift is fully correct and that you have completely consumed the kool aid !!, 
  no , i just accept responsibility for my fucking government . 
   so what is this now ? 
  german atrocities are worse than american atrocities holy shit yes , and if you do n't agree then i think we 're done . 
  i ca n't argue with an american who thinks his country 's record in the 20th century is as bad as germany 's , or even remotely comparable . 
  ah yes , and the shit the us did in the '50s and '60s and since then is easily equivalent to the shit germany did in the '40s , and was planning to do . 
  fucking hell , man , again , they murdered all the jews in europe . 
   i mean , do you think the germans are just gagging to fire up those `` centers '' again ( as spicy puts it ) ... but for the us it would happen all over again or something ? 
  in this thread you have people condemning your country as untrustworthy because of shit it did in the '50s and '60s , but judging germany based on shit it did in the '40s is wrong ? 
  come on man , do n't be that unfair . 
  and half of germany was still a totalitarian dictatorship when america online was a thing . 
   well , as the other guy said ... if you want to read a little up on us adventures in the 20th century , might give you a bit of perspective on why a lot of the countries in the world do not trust the us . 
  woo , there you go !, 
  haha . 
  slavery was 153 years ago , guy . 
  the holocaust was less than a lifetime . 
  think about it . 
  less . 
  than . 
  lifetime . 
  the holocaust was only 10 years old when the beegees were recording . 
  how much do nations really change in that time ? 
  anyway , it 's irrelevant because we 're talking about what would have happened `` if not for us , '' meaning ww2 and postwar aftermath , so yes , the holocaust is relevant . 
  anyway anyway , it 's only 25 years since the end of the berlin wall . 
   and please do n't `` listen '' me and tell me what europeans are and are not . 
  what makes you an authority ? 
  i 'll take `` what is the 20th century '' for 500 . 
   listen , good luck to you kid , which it seems obvious you are . 
  woo , more half-baked assumptions of superiority . 
  i 'm 35 and i 've worked for the state department . 
  i actually used to share these opinions , but then i grew up . 
   just blissfully continue on thinking that without america , the german 's would n't know democracy . 
  they killed all the jews in europe . 
  is that a little thing to you ? 
  yes , we taught them tolerance , and no , they probably would n't have democracy if not for us .
