  i do n't believe that dhs employees interrogated him for an hour - a former prime minister with a diplomatic passport . 
  he may have had to wait for an hour for some reason , but that 's not the same thing . 
  as described , his story is almost unbelievable , * unless * he did something to make it harder on himself than it should have been . 
  yeah i remember that incident . 
  attaboy , starkey . 
  and omg her credentials at the top of the article : `` author , journalist , social justice bard . '', 
  how about funding 25 % of the un 's annual budget , and 30 % of its peacekeeping budget , every single year ? 
  how about world trade ? 
  the imf ? 
  the world bank ? 
  how about taking the global lead in fighting terrorism ? 
  building democracy in afghanistan and iraq at the cost of thousands of american lives ? 
  stabilizing european banks even when the eu wo n't ? 
  how about all our contributions to science ? 
  medicine ? 
  technology ? 
  culture ? 
  how about supporting the international order and the eu in every way ? 
  does any of that count ? 
  and about mass spying : how about remaining silent while the german government hypocritically claimed to be outraged , when in truth they 'd been collaborating with us all along ? 
  do you judge us solely by whatever it is about us you hate ? 
   it 's a strange time to be british in america . 
  i 'm lucky , of course , in that being white and british is practically the only kind of foreign it 's acceptable to be over here at the moment . 
  wtf ? 
   2014 was right after it came out that you spy on 60-80 % of all digital signals in germany and even spy on merkel . 
  it was only 35 % a year before that . 
  and that was with obama . 
  i could have gone back to the bush era if i wanted to show real hatred . 
  germans have never had a positive opinion of america . 
  even back [ in 2014 , ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/country-rating-poll.pdf ) only 21 % of germans rated us influence as positive - the same number as russians . 
  canadians are n't much higher . 
  a majority of canadians said we 're a negative influence on the world . 
  but yeah , even while thinking that , plenty of countries have always taken our support for granted , and at least one good thing about having trump as president is that that might not be the case anymore . 
  true , but i have no intention of running for congress so will have to resort to arm-twisting . 
  well , we have a wasp . 
  maybe enterprise and lexington have n't been recycled because their namesakes are still afloat . 
  but yeah , fewer ships named after humans would be good . 
   the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
  that 's us !, 
  i decided a while back that if i 'm ever an admiral or president i 'm going to name an aircraft carrier * mother of exiles . 
  nationalism versus schadenfreude . 
   he can be overbearing and smarmy , but i do n't think he 's ever been caught in a lie . 
  he 's one of those few christians who are sickeningly annoying because they actually take it seriously . 
  so it sounds very much like he might be obstinate and refuse to cooperate , as i said . 
  yes , it 's bizarre , which is one of the reasons i do n't believe him . 
  and really , i was downvoted for saying that ? 
  the amount of hivemind here is amazing . 
  his entire military was soviet-trained and soviet/french-equipped . 
  he was always closer to the soviet union than us . 
  saying the us installed him is utterly false . 
  and the other three are largely cases of other people blaming us for their own politics . 
   people fighting for a iraq for everyone ? 
  that 's ridicolous . 
  listen to this three episode documentary of the bbc . 
  it will be more than you will ever hear in american media : i appreciate the fact that you 're trying to broaden my horizons by introducing me to the bbc , but have you noticed which sub this is ? 
    in the middle east you 're just the dumb boy with the big stick . 
  do want to become this caricature in europe , too ? 
  [ become ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iooo_v9anmw&amp;t=20m11s ) western europeans will always caricature us . 
  because of globalism , our cultural influence is felt everywhere and those who are threatened by it ( everyone ) will always see us as culturally inferior . 
  letting it stop us from promoting democracy where we can is vain and self-defeating . 
  the article says he carries a diplomatic passport . 
  also biometric , i 'm sure . 
  and he 's visited the us before . 
  right , let 's forget everything else that 's happened - russia destabilizing iraq for years through iran and syria , the syrian civil war , the ideological war between iran and saudi arabia , the numerous external terrorist organizations - and just assume that it 's pointless to try because arabs ca n't govern themselves . 
  no , there actually are people in iraq who fought for a free iraq , just as they 're fighting now in [ afghanistan ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/13/world/asia/afghanistan-kabul-taliban-massacre.html?_r=1 ) against a resurgent enemy . 
  if it fails , we have n't done enough to help . 
  not really . 
  i said chirac undermined us because instead of just voting against us , he used france 's veto to obstruct un action . 
  iirc , the only other security council member to join his veto was vladimir putin . 
  that 's not my decision . 
  if you want a cynical interpretation , you 're there because your leaders consider it to be in your interest , just like everyone else . 
  sure , our revenge , because you do n't actually give a shit , do you ? 
  how silly of me to think that you might actually see any value in helping the united nations assistance mission in afghanistan lay the foundations for sustainable peace and development . 
  not in a million years , right ? 
  he clearly disagrees with trump , so i do n't know what difference being ** right-wing ** makes . 
  his attitude is also that of an activist , not a diplomat . 
  yeah , i think he was probably being deliberately uncooperative . 
  and it 's not unusual for people to be questioned if they 've been to certain countries , and it 's been that way for years . 
  you can watch [ this kid from 2015 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpjzphuorfk ) tell the same story , except he does n't `` fear for the future '' afterward . 
   or just install a man , like they did pinochet , saddam , shah reza , or al-kaddafi . 
  saddam was a soviet ally . 
  he had more to do with france than with us . 
   it lasted for an hour . 
  they started asking me why i had been in iran and why i was going to the united states . 
  it 's very difficult to believe he was n't being deliberately uncooperative . 
  you 'd think a simple statement , `` i 'm the former prime minister of norway and am attending an event in dc , '' would have been sufficient explanation for anyone . 
  edit : and his commentary at the end ( `` i fear for the future ... you should n't treat any ethnic group this way , '' ) really adds to my suspicion . 
  is it ? 
  it looks like it 's working . 
  usa . 
  it makes a significant difference : france and germany did n't join us in iraq . 
  they undermined us in iraq . 
  afghanistan is a un mission and is a clear example of something that simply needs to be done . 
  according to the description :  sadly , i 've had to disable the comments for this video , due to a constant stream of idiotic racism . 
   this is why we reluctantly joined you in iraq , the only time in modern history article 5 of nato was actually invoked . 
  article 5 was n't invoked in iraq . 
  and `` europe '' did n't exactly join us ; france actually used their veto to block un authorization , with the support of germany and russia . 
  and it 's true that our allies have never invoked article 5 , but we 've assisted them anyway , in kosovo , libya , vietnam ... 
   he is attempting to emulate the daft american approach to the military .
