  kazakhstan can into top 10 . 
  you need to start some more wars . 
  could n't you say that eu states who pursue federalization are putting aside national interest ? 
  since federal eu means those states largely cease to act as independent agencies , and even more in the ` europe of regions ' idea . 
  you could say the same on this side of the ocean , for example mexico 's non-interventionist constitution , which prevents it from acting militarily outside its own borders , even forbidding participation in un peacekeeping . 
  the us is n't motivated by world domination . 
  it 's about the future . 
  [ the united states has had roughly the same vision for 240 years  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) a world governed by liberal democracy . 
  we support europe because it 's aligned with that future and it always will be , which is why we 've been working to expand and strengthen the eu all these years . 
  a stronger eu is no threat to our interests , whatsoever . 
  of course he was telling them how to vote . 
  and it was rather obnoxious , the way he said it . 
  countries do have friends . 
  but confusion often arises between americans and french over our understanding of friendship . 
  edit : typo, 
  we were in ` hot wars ' with the soviet union multiple times , including in korea , and it never became a nuclear war . 
  neither russia nor the us is that insane . 
  sure , but given that he wrote in * dreams from my father * about his grandfather being tortured in a british concentration camp ... 
  the cia has done plenty of terrible things , but really , that was one of the least terrible . 
  the government we supported in iran was authoritarian , but it also [ freed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_revolution#reforms ) millions of iranians from slavery . 
  and the theocracy they have now is a theocracy of their own making , not ours . 
  and you 're really overstating our influence . 
  the cia had , like , three people in the country . 
  all the principle actors in 1953 were iranian , including the legal head of state , the army , and the ayatollah ( yes ) . 
  and there were none of the assassinations , poisonings , etc. 
  the cia is infamous for . 
  he was really just arrested by the authorities and sent to prison , end of story . 
   if you wan na be nicer you can say that he was granted emergency powers . 
  ... by himself !, 
   anyway americans would put hitler into power ... actually ... ... eh , nevermind . 
  so it should be obvious that i 'm not talking about agreements or negotiations . 
  i 'm referring to pre-negotiations . 
  and , before you reply that merkel * et al. 
  * have been saying there will be no pre-negotiation with the eu , yes , i know that too . 
  i 'd be ashamed if any of that were true , instead of the paranoid , hair-trigger , pavlovian reaction that it is . 
  one look at my comment history on / r/politics should tell you that i 'm no trump voter . 
  maybe instead of assuming you know my mind , you could admit that you * do n't , * and ask me to explain what i mean :  congress did nothing but block obama . 
  unlike obama 's , trump 's agenda is n't supported by * either * party . 
  are you saying that the same house that voted 98 % in favor of arming ukraine , and 348-48 in favor of arming ukraine * against * obama 's veto , will suddenly vote to abandon nato ? 
  how ? 
  house and senate republicans have already denounced every aspect of his foreign policy . 
  he probably wo n't be elected , but if he is , congress will never allow him to dictate our foreign policy . 
  having a bad day ? 
   the worst possible agreement in that case , she can simply decline . 
  unless she 's triggered a50 , in which case she 'll be facing a ticking clock and will have to give in . 
  it 's in her interest to get as much sorted out as possible before doing that . 
  whatever the reason , they 're impatient . 
  and maximizing their impatience is a way of maximizing her negotiating power . 
  edit : and honestly , why would you downvote a comment like that ? 
  the comment was totally on-topic and appropriate . 
  i 'll never understand why so many people feel entitled to abuse the voting system that way . 
  i do n't see how anyone could honestly expect them to have a ` plan ' for this . 
  cameron 's plan was for the uk to stay in the eu . 
  new government , new plans . 
  that 's democracy . 
  delaying is probably a strategic decision . 
  the eu is impatient for may to trigger a50 as soon as possible . 
  therefore , * not * triggering a50 strengthens may 's negotiating position . 
  if she triggered it now , time would be on their side instead of hers . 
  i thought that at first , but in hindsight , boris 's comment on obama 's kenyan heritage was actually pretty fair . 
  it was obama who wrote * dreams of my father , * and his anti-colonial views are well known . 
  we should stop interpreting any mention of african heritage as racism . 
  if he wins , he wo n't have any effect at all . 
  congress wo n't let him do anything . 
  but we also want a better relationship with russia , just not if they 're going to keep invading eastern europe . 
   however , iran might not be a theocracy if you had n't toppled their democratically elected government in favour for a dictatorship in 1956 you 're forgetting the part where the democratically elected prime minister abolished parliament and declared himself a dictator . 
  ` democratically elected ' and ` democratic ' are n't the same thing . 
  and by ` toppled , ' you mean he was arrested , tried , convicted and given a three-year prison sentence . 
  yes , but procedure aside , they do n't actually want to rejoin ukraine . 
  so what are we trying to accomplish ? 
  what 's the endgame we have in mind ? 
  in my opinion , both sides expect that the ` frozen conflict ' in donbass will eventually be decided by negotiation . 
  the us wants the sanctions to continue until then , in order to strengthen our negotiating position . 
  but crimea returning to ukraine is something that neither side believes is a real possibility . 
  that 's what happens when you listen to ideologues . 
  do n't delude yourself into thinking sanctions do n't cause deaths . 
  they do , and they target civilians . 
  and maybe you 're not aware of this , but there already is an indirect war between the us and russia . 
  from their perspective , according to their media , we took ukraine out from under them in 2014 by supporting a ` coup ' . 
  then they took crimea . 
  and we 're supporting different sides in the donbass conflict . 
  we already know that crimea is never going back to ukraine . 
  the question remaining for the negotiating table is the status of the separatists in donbass . 
  a more aggressive position will give us and ukraine a stronger hand . 
   why do i get the sense you are n't being truthful about who you are voting for in your previous comment ? 
  i smell a trump [ enough of your assumptions . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4vymo2/trump_getting_nuttier_and_nuttier_campaign/d635kxg ), 
  9_9 we have a very long history of fighting these kinds of conflicts . 
  it 's not as damaging to our relationship as you probably imagine , compared with direct economic warfare . 
  because i 'd also like the sanctions lifted . 
  as i said in my first comment , they 're self-defeating . 
  all they do is harden russians ' resolve . 
  they 'll never agree to just surrender to our demands like a second-rate power . 
  moreover , [ our own polling shows that crimeans do n't even want to be liberated . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#389cb3c65951 ) they would n't even vote to return to ukraine . 
  so we 'll have to give up on that sooner or later anyway . 
  could you define ` indigenous ' ? 
  obama has only been willing to provide ukraine with nonlethal aid . 
  no actual weapons , no tanks , planes , etc. 
  because he does n't want to ` escalate ' the situation .
