  do you know how many people were exterminated in iraq all through the 1980s and '90s when we were n't at war ? 
  mass graves are still being found today . 
  do you know how many would have died in 5-10 years when the baathist regime collapsed anyway and iraq went into civil war , with iran and shiites on one side , uday hussein and sunnis on the other , and the kurds in the middle ? 
  how can you make such a prediction ? 
  you 're not even talking about war casualties . 
  you 're talking about people who died in the years following the war from a variety of causes and saying they all died because of the war itself . 
  could n't you just as easily say they died because of the lack of international support ? 
  would n't there have been fewer deaths if more countries had been involved in the occupation , rebuilding and peacekeeping efforts ? 
  or if iraq had been invaded 10 years earlier , during the gulf war ? 
  either humor or common sense would be a welcome change for us . 
   neither the uk nor the us are ever going to admit any wrongdoing with regard to the decision to go to war and no one in kurdistan cares . 
  the baathist regime wiped out thousands of towns and villages , tied people to posts to test chemical weapons on them , killed millions , etc. 
  if it was your country , you would n't care if the pretext of the war was n't true . 
  you learn to live with it . 
   i do n't think it would work differently if german fleet would refuse direct orders . 
  right , the worrying part is * what kind of orders would it refuse ? 
  if you act a certain way long enough , then eventually , it * is * what you think . 
  or as the saying goes , [ ` fake it 'til you make it . 
  ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fake_it_%27til_you_make_it ) it 's science . 
   i get that its against eu law to negotiate till article 50 is declared by the uk to the eu but the us/uk would have no qualms or laws baring this action . 
  are you suggesting we have some kind of ... * secret * negotiations ? 
  yeah , i remember when that happened ... 
  sometimes i think the best thing for germany would just be to involve itself in more wars . 
  i mean peacekeeping operations . 
  they just need to be acquainted with the fact that their military is actually an instrument of democracy and can accomplish actual good when applied . 
  imho . 
  the president negotiates agreements , but congress does have to approve them . 
  but yes , it 's a meaningless bill since we ca n't actually even start negotiating trade deals with the uk while it 's still in the eu . 
  it probably wo n't even be voted on . 
  still , the fact that it came from the house foreign affairs committee is a good indication of future support . 
  people have reasons for thinking the way that they do . 
  i think that 's going a little further than ` not militaristic . ', 
  militaries are n't just for self-defense . 
  [ canada basically invented the idea of peacekeeping operations . 
  right , i would n't vote for him again . 
  he sympathizes too much with those damn commie fish . 
   if someone invades via the arctic coast they are still thousands of kilometres from our cities . 
  then you 're safe until man discovers a means of traveling thousands of kilometers , perhaps with flying machines of some kind . 
  not if uk gets into bed with us . 
  purge the unfab . 
  right . 
  we do n't really even want cultural diversity . 
  the whole idea of the us is making one culture out of many , e pluribus unum . 
  and i would n't worry about europe becoming like that . 
  look at india , with all its old nations and languages . 
  europe is n't becoming like us . 
  it will probably be something a lot more beautiful . 
   the human and the fish can coexist i almost miss him . 
  not just race . 
  america has some states that execute more people than iran , and others in which capital punishment has been banned since the 19th century . 
  there 's some degree of political diversity . 
  but overall cultural diversity , nope , of course not . 
   ` love bombing ' term presumably chosen after ` friendship arson ' and ` peace stabbing ' had been rejected . 
  i miss russia . 
  what is it with that man ? 
  it 's like he 's decided to never be on the right side of anything . 
  it was ? 
  it 's a fair analogy . 
  the us a hundred years ago was a cowardly isolationist neutral country without even an army , determined to stay out of foreign conflicts , and you know the result . 
  neutrality only helps oppressors , never the oppressed . 
   maybe i 'm remembering wrongly , but the hussein government was not what was being portrayed as the main issue . 
  at the time it was all about wmds and terrorist cells . 
  the un would never have voted to go to war against a country just because it was a brutal dictatorship . 
  what makes a people turn neutral ? 
  is it the lust for power ? 
  gold ? 
  or are they just born with hearts full of neutrality ? 
  it 's a good excuse . 
   and why did the un not approve ? 
  because half the un are dictatorships themselves , because israel was in favor , and because the justification bush gave was n't true . 
   we all know that america invaded iraq for strategic reasons , not to liberate people . 
  we did it both for strategic reasons and to liberate people . 
  if you do n't think [ liberation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) was an actual motive , you do n't understand us very well . 
  strategically , the baathist regime was going to collapse anyway and then iraq would simply have become a satellite of iran , and that would n't have helped anyone . 
  but that 's not the kind of case you can make to the un . 
   no , it 's none of our business because it 's none of our business . 
  that 's what americans were saying 100 years ago . 
  it 's the attitude we finally abandoned , two world wars too late . 
  and so did canada , actually . 
  bush 's stupid mistake was trying to remove the baathists without un approval . 
  if he had had it , canadians and their media would have been strongly in favor of war . 
   liberating iraq did nothing to resolve tensions , it only lead to more death , more refugees , more instability ... and isis . 
  let 's not forget isis . 
  the syrian civil war partly a result of the iraq war as well . 
  most kurds would say that it accomplished something . 
  and it did n't create isis . 
  isis is largely people the us had in prison in iraq until the transfer of power , and then the iraqi government freed them . 
  it 's a result of mismanagement . 
  honestly , i was against the iraq war , because it was illegal without un approval . 
  but the cowardice in other countries ' media was also depressing . 
  most had the attitude that yes , he was a dictator who tested biological warfare by exterminating his own people , yes millions died under the baathists , but it 's none of our business because they 're only arabs . 
  and there was an even sadder , overtly racist attitude of ` they 're not ready for democracy ' which actually still persists . 
  at least we tried to put an end to that , and support democracy and self-government . 
  the pretext of the war was a lie , and bush should be in prison for that , but we all basically accept that it was a war that we should have fought anyway , 10 years earlier . 
  well , that 's the problem with a two-party system . 
   i mean , you have a lot of channels , but when it really mattered ( like in the run-up to the iraq war ) , all i saw was everyone parroting the wh line . 
  the problem with our ` mainstream ' media is that they 're too neutral and do n't want to be seen to be taking sides ; therefore they just repeat what everyone says without any factual corrections . 
  that 's also how abominations like trump are allowed to happen . 
  part of it is ` access . ', 
  if you get on a politician 's bad side , he wo n't agree to appear on your tv show any more .
