  and here we 're talking about russian politics . 
  are you russian ? 
  do you even speak russian ? 
  please , do n't pretend that being x nationality is a prerequisite for talking about that nationality . 
   then address my point : due to the fact that the russian state is oppressive to any sort of dissidence as well as a shut-in case concerning foreign ideas , and also puts power away from its own peoples hand can you truly say the russian nation is free ? 
  for the sake of argument : no , imo , that is n't free . 
   because i did that to you ? 
  i did n't even mention americans to begin with . 
  you 're bringing nationality into it , and that 's ridiculous . 
  any american who 's lived in france or northern europe has had the experience of being lectured by ignorant people about his or her country 's politics . 
   pick details ? 
  i literally went and read the actual interview question in its full extent , your article is the one who fully picked details . 
  i did n't mean a literal king , any more than i meant putin was a literal \u043c\u0438\u0440 . 
  you 're choosing to argue about semantics instead of substance , probably just so you can keep arguing . 
   i find it ironic that you try to tell me what my president said , even though i 'm french and can easily call out bullshit on that . 
  please , as if french people do n't do that constantly to americans . 
  pick at the details if you want , but macron is making a similar argument here . 
  french democracy is like that because of french history . 
  russian democracy is like this because of russian history . 
  macron has recently argued that yes , french people do need a king , for the same reasons : http://www.gq-magazine.co.uk/article/emmanuel-macron-policies-beliefs-philosophy there is room for evolution , of course , we 're always evolving , but there are also thousands of years of history that make up the identity of every nation . 
  the point was :  the discussion was open , but once a consensus was reached , that was the end of dissent - everyone was required to adhere to the collective will , because otherwise , the village would starve . 
  that 's russian culture . 
  other cultures that evolved in locations where farming was difficult for the same reasons are the same way . 
  look at sweden . 
  it 's more liberal , but you 're still very much [ punished ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytmq1ms4kgs ) in sweden for disagreeing with what is politically correct . 
  you 're not killed , but you lose your job , you are stigmatized , you are punished in many ways . 
  so you do n't need polls to tell you that the majority of russians support putin , the orthodox church , etc. , because in the back of every russian 's mind is a racial memory of the \u043c\u0438\u0440 which tells them that putin and the orthodox church represent the collective will of the \u043c\u0438\u0440 and that the \u043c\u0438\u0440 must be obeyed or else everyone will starve . 
  russia is a country with harsh seasonal variations , where the planting and harvesting of crops has to be carefully planned . 
  since ancient times , the basic russian community was the [ mir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obshchina ) ( society ) , a kind of cooperative farming community based on communal ownership . 
  every year , the heads of all families would come together to decide which land would be farmed by whom . 
  the discussion was open , but once a consensus was reached , that was the end of dissent - everyone was required to adhere to the collective will , because otherwise , the village would starve . 
  until the communists abolished it in the 20th century , most russians lived in that kind of society . 
  could someone explain the actual proposed changes to the way judges are currently appointed ? 
  that itself is part of russian culture . 
  and to an extent , it 's the mentality of a great nation . 
  they have a certain level of automatic unity . 
  we 're having two separate discussions here . 
  you 're talking about what 's ok and not ok - whether it 's ok to treat gay people xyz . 
  i 'm not even talking about whether it is or not . 
  i 'm saying that a nation like russia should n't just blindly conform to other people 's ideas of civilization . 
  it should decide for itself what is civilized or not , and it 's good that it has the strength to , even if what it decides is n't what i agree with . 
   you said that russia is `` a nation aware of its destiny '' which already echoes what literally nazi germany said about itself to begin with . 
  also franklin roosevelt , charles de gaulle and winston churchill . 
  the only thing i 've been saying is that a great nation should have a mind of its own , although that means we wo n't always agree . 
  in my first comment , i said that there were important disagreements between us . 
  obviously i do n't agree with them . 
  i am gay . 
  no one in this thread is saying gay people deserve to be discriminated against . 
  climb down from your moral castle and maybe you 'll be able to see what we 're talking about . 
  you 're changing the subject : they 're not `` the human race 's values . '', 
  no one in this thread has said anything about what you deserve . 
  you 're arguing against a position no one has taken . 
   and there are 7.5 million lgbt russians who demand the right to love who they want . 
  and i hope they get it . 
  you misunderstand me . 
   no one is out to culturally colonise russia . 
  but russia presumably already wants to respect human , universal values and to be part of the civilized world . 
  you 're even making a distinction between russia and the `` civilized world '' based on this . 
  of course this is the `` mission to civilize . '', 
  you 're saying that russia must conform to western norms if it wants to be civilized . 
  and i 'm saying that it 's good that a nation like russia is capable of resisting such outside influences . 
  you edited your comment . 
  it originally just said , `` human rights are universal . 
  no nation is above them , '' with no mention of gay russians . 
  either way it 's the same meaning . 
  you are out to culturally colonize russia . 
  that 's fine . 
  russia wants to do the same and that 's also fine . 
  in other words , the entire world should be governed by your values . 
  that 's a nice `` civilizing mission '' mentality . 
  yeah , so do `` we . '', 
  a nation russia 's size should never slavishly conform to the ideas of outsiders . 
  it 's good for a nation to have an awareness of its own destiny , although that means there are always important disagreements between us . 
  that 's how much it actually costs , not necessarily to the student . 
  the state will typically pay for most of it . 
  and the point was that the total cost for 4 years of college is still $ 10k - less than the yearly median income difference between finns and americans . 
  tuition at a public university in the us costs about $ 10k/year . 
  unless you 're getting like 50 years of college tuition for free , i do n't think it exactly adds up . 
  is that a serious question in 2017 ? 
  i do n't think there 's any chance that trump is going to consider macron his go-to friend , or a friend in any sense . 
   and 150 million people below the poverty line . 
  in 2015 , 43 million americans ( 13.5 % ) lived in poverty : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_the_united_states, 
  or : diversity is harder than it looks . 
  just look at those scrawny calves ... 
  it was hundreds of thousands , though . 
  it 's just a little funny . 
  maybe with germans , no means yes . 
  [ last year ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/17/germans-march-against-trade-deals-with-us-and-canada-stop-ceta-ttip.html ) [ this year ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2017/06/30145040/ft_17.06.30_g20_tradeagreements.png ), 
   additional to this , there is something that the uk needs to acknowledge sooner than we 're ready to admit - we need help . 
  this is the worst thing about watching it from dc . 
  we could help , if only brexit had come at a better time . 
  as it is , we 're not capable of even discussing it because our own political system is temporarily out of order . 
   plenty of european soldiers have died for the us in wars instigated by the us for no fucking good reasons !, 
  define `` plenty . '', 
  is it equivalent to the 407,300 american soldiers who died in ww2 alone ? 
  is it even remotely close ? 
   who invoked article 5 of the nato treaty again ? 
  who 's been defending you on your own soil for the last 74 years ? 
  who provides your only credible missile defense ? 
  who intervened in the 1990s to stop your genocide ?
